  for what its worth , they will cost germany alot of money . 
  so saving the pensions for old people isnt going to happen . 
  as for the declining population argument : literaly a problem that solves itself . 
  will germany go into a crisis for that ? 
  yes . 
  but its one that goes away with time as the older generation slowly dies off . 
  non integrated foreigners is a problem that stays . 
  its unemployment that stays , its a strong class divide that stays . 
  and yes it will be ethnic and religions tensions that stay . 
  oh now its the good old spinning wheel of argumentation . 
  she adressed it in a pragmatic way !, 
  no she adressed it in the humanitarian way !, 
  what she did was ethical despite not beeing practical !, 
  no what she did was practical and good for the economy !, 
  what now ? 
  i wish people defending merkel woulod make their mind up already . 
   better sealing of the outside borders you mean besides the point when she openly criticsed hungary for doing exactly that . 
   much more help for the refugees outside europe besides the point when her government criticised austrias government for making exactly that suggestion  limited resettlement programs limited to ? 
  she demands a quota not a limited resettlement program . 
   taking the burden off the countries which had the highest inflow of refugees in europe which conveniently is germany . 
  there was no talk of that at all from her side about the three countries that get the most applications per capita ( which are sweden , hungary and austria in that order )  instead of chaotic movement you mean the part where her government criticse dhungary for attempting to force refugees to apply at the border rather than just crossing it ? 
   sticking to our values , because they are the most precious and stabilizing thing we have . 
  which are ? 
  because so far merkel was the one who destabilized europe by suspending dublin , which caused huge chaos with countries like hungary which have an eu outside border and led to other countries essentialy becoming transit stations , oh yeah not to mention a bunch of germans getting arrested for human trafficking . 
   so tell me , what else could bring a solution to this crisis ? 
  im not going to give you a simple recepie how to fix this . 
  but for starts doing what denmark is doing and send a clear messege that germany will not take everyone . 
  then make a concrete operation to secure the borders , this is already beeing partly done by a coalition of eastern european countries iirc . 
  finally speed up the asylum process and get people that have no business beeing here out . 
  this should be done by better border controlls that actually check if these people are syrian . 
  then stop confusing political asylum with temporary stationary right , because thats not the same thing , yet everyone acts like it is . 
  next start cracking down on smugglers and distribute them among prisons in europe . 
  why ? 
  because border countries like austria ( not an eu outer border but bordering hungary which right now is the main route ) and hungary have to bear the most of that burden in their prisons . 
  its not easy , there is no one way solution . 
  but the most important part is to acknowledge that there is a problem , which currently is only happening very slowly . 
  answer lies in the post you replied to . 
  well but in this case its activeley damaging germany . 
  you are comparing apples with oranges . 
  the humanitarian argument made about the refugees wasnt correct to begin with . 
  you actually try to tell me that an investment is altruism ? 
  lower production cost means lower wages or lower ammount of people i fail to realize how any of this is a good thing . 
  you seem to make an argument of economic prowess against individual wellbeeing . 
  yes on average you might get stuff cheaper but you also get paid less on average . 
  these types of things tend to hit the lower class the worst . 
  i fail to see how any of what you are proposing would be a good thing . 
  which benefits the other eu countries . 
  aperently eastern europeans dont pay taxes . 
   well , and it is the good right of the other countries to make majority decisions . 
  no , not for them . 
   well , should have thought about that before you joined lets reverse this . 
  maybe germany shouldnt have thought of the eu as its personal problem solver when merkel decides to do something stupid again . 
  obviously , since what im talking about isnt done yet . 
  but from the leaks it seems that it will be only more of this shit . 
  isnt the difference between flemish and dutch basically the difference between swissgerman and german ? 
  oh look , germany does something thats not complete shit for once . 
  took em long enaugh . 
  which is their good right . 
   this shows that ee has different values than we and maybe the extension to the east was not a good idea . 
  id argue that the values are very simmilar , but that in western europe the hype is recieved better because they arent used to that kind of thing . 
  eastern europeans still have state controlled media and propaganda campaigns in mind and thus are less likley to respond to it . 
   poland votes for quotas even though they argued that they dont want them . 
  so i 'm pretty sure the money on the table is still super important . 
  i did not know that . 
  well , there are more years and many many more refugees to come . 
  and in this case the ends justify the means ? 
  cause the ends in this case is germany wants to get out of the mess it made , and the means is eastern europe has to pay the bill for germanys mistake . 
  the bad argument was the humanitarian argument and you must keep in mind that the emotional baggage of the humanitarian argument got us into this place . 
  the emotional load causes the humanitarian argument to be taken more seriously than other bad arguments . 
   overpriced local trash !, 
  yeah just pretty much the highest quality you can get . 
   well that 's when you negociate . 
  nobody wants refugees but you have to take them . 
  merkel refuses negotionations tho , its her who says she wont accept them to budge out of it . 
   but you have to take them . 
  again why nobody likes merkel right now , she made the bed , everyone else is now supposed to lie in it and she refuses to acknowledge this . 
  she does this by supressing any dialogue with eastern europe . 
  declaring that she will not tolerate anyone going against her plans . 
   oh that 's right . 
  eu money . 
  which is a pretty bad argument , since if the eu money no longer suffices to acomodate the fact that they have to take in refugees this will be moot . 
  again : this is not how you negotiate , this is dictating , and dictating tends to backfire . 
  well i disagree with that . 
  laws take a long ass time to pass . 
  and if some company is prohibited of doing their business that country probably has a reason for it . 
  now i see your argument here but i think this would do more harm than good , because it also covers things like my example . 
  give me stats based on q3 then . 
   so where 's the dialogue then ? 
  you present the virtues of dialogue yet you say ee can not take any refugees . 
  not `` can not '' but `` dont want to '' . 
  but they are overruled . 
   there 's a reason some countries write history while others only are subjected to it . 
  the way you put it discribes it perfectly . 
  because of a sense of entitlement to power . 
  this will come to bite germany in the ass . 
  in fact , it already is . 
  what you dont realize is that if germany continues to shit on eastern europe , eastern europe will not assist germany and germany will be there , alone with a bunch of refugees it cant feed . 
   open trade leads to more wealth across the board as the most efficient producers can expand their customer base . 
  nice pr talk dude . 
  im sure price dumping by foreign companies is totally not going to cost jobs .
