   frankly , it 's becoming a bit absurd how much merkel is assumed to be guided only be her 'em otions ' . 
  i 've never seen accusations like this about a male politician , so i 'm beginning to suspect it 's basically sexism . 
  oh the good old sexism argument . 
  i thought we were over that already . 
  its not sexism because we are talking about merkel , i have been saying the same thing about the general media which is of quite mixed sex . 
  i have not been saying it about faymann for example because faymann doesnt even have the balls to act emotional , he just does as merkel tells him to . 
  but if you want to use that `` sexism '' argument against me : not gon na work , i dont buy it . 
   whether you like it or not the population in europe is getting old and numerically smaller . 
  immigration is a way to combat that . 
  im so tired of this argument . 
  this is literaly a problem that solves itself . 
  for one thing , birth rates are going up again . 
  why is that ? 
  for the same reason as to why there are so many old people . 
  the post ww2 generation had alot of children . 
  and these children did not have alot of children . 
  as a result , for a while there were alot of old people and very few young people . 
  right now the ww2 generation is dying off . 
  that means right now we are in a position where the generation of our parents is becoming too old to work , t his is a position of stress . 
  however , its also the time when our generation starts having children . 
  i for one see no reason to believe that they will behave in the same way that our parents generation behaved . 
  secondly immigraiton doestn combat that at all . 
  it gets in a bunch of new people that will have to rely on government assistance due to not beeing able to speak the language . 
  this doesnt solve anyhting , it just creates further problems . 
  and this completley ignores all problems coming from demographic shifts . 
  and i know that alot of people dont want to hear this , so let me mirror you post . 
  wether you like it or not . 
  these people arent europeans . 
  they have grown up under largley undemocratic , unsecular regimes . 
  they have grown up in countries where respectign womens rigths to vote and womens rights to handle their own lives does not exist . 
  they come from regions where ethnicity is not a diffuse concept of nationality , but something that you kill each other for . 
  we are importing these problems . 
  if you want to supplant the european population with so many of these people we will not be able to controll these imported problems . 
  integration hardly works at all , and if it works it does because there is alot of people in the host culture so that the newcommers have no other way but to give up their old identity and take up the identity of the host culture . 
  sweden is the perfect example why importing large ammounts of people can not and will not ever work . 
  you are from finland you should know that very well . 
  i didnt say think differently . 
  i said act according to emotion . 
  they are people , i get that . 
  but they should not act on emotional whims because thats ofthen irrational and tends to have consequences later . 
  you can clearly see that . 
  my uneducated guess is that merkel actually bought into the hype , tried to appear as the good leader of a good country , and grossly underestimated the actual size of the problem . 
  i personally was never a fan of representative democracy , i for one think swizerlands model works far better . 
  but whatever . 
  merkel will get punished in the next election . 
  sadly thats the only thing that will happen but from the position of a politician , making descisions based on emotions in general tends to be bad for the population you want to represent . 
  well i dont know how you could not . 
  germany isnt profiting from this at all . 
  the german population is not profiting from this at all . 
  pretty much only leaves emotion as a justification . 
  belittling people seems to be all the eu does . 
  salaries up ? 
  come on thats ridiculous . 
  the reason why college educated kids dont get jobs is because they an rightfully demand more money for their education . 
  immigrants work for minimum wage and hell theyd work for less , which is why minumum wage will probably be pressured to be dropped . 
  thats a stupid argument . 
  its not about locals not wanting to do low level jobs . 
  they do them already . 
  proof is the low level of unemployment in central europe . 
  the thing is that they know that they deserve money for said work . 
  immigrants work for way less . 
  this is not the `` fault '' of the locals . 
  this is the fault of the industry to demand workers to work for fuck all . 
  cutting welfare wont change anything about it . 
  its such a typical neoliberal argument . 
  just cut welfare so people will be forced to work dead end jobs for minimum wage . 
  and then act like thats a good thing . 
  this !, 
  i do not get why nobody understands this . 
  a good unemployment rate ( by which i mean low ) is not what the economy wants at all . 
  it doesnt matter if they need tham , what they need is their presence to excuse a huge drop in wages . 
  the empathy argument is an idiot argument . 
  they are safe everywhere but syria . 
  chosing in which country to reside is not a human right . 
  staying in said country forever also is not a human right . 
  is this sarcasm ? 
   alleviate europe 's greying population problem particularly in germany , sweden and france . 
  otherwise the dependency ratio becomes quite high and the current economic generators slow their growth rate . 
  this problem has been overblown , central euroeps population growht is becoming better each year . 
   diversifies the current european islamic population - syrians are very moderate muslims . 
  citation fucking needed just ask that guy they wanted to lynch for flushing a quran down the toilet . 
  also implying that all of the refugees are syrians , remember , merkel was against checking wether or not thy are syrians . 
  which is even worse . 
  politicians arent supposed to do what they think is `` right '' . 
  politicians should not be swayed by emotions over what is best for their country . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the december agreement was basically everyone against sd ? 
  so they could push through their idiot ideas without interference ? 
  thats some a grade democracy right there !, 
  eh , my expirience with the antifa is basically the left wing version of nazi skins ( i very much know that there are non nazi skinheads ) extremley dimwitted ideologues who probably just have that ideology so they can resort to violence against undesireables . 
  yeah the problem is that modern day christianity has gotten to this point through * alot * of war and alot of displacement . 
  thats ridiculous . 
  for one thing , turkeys economy isnt crumbling . 
  secondly , western countries are already not able to handle it , speaking of , how many has the us taken ? 
  oh right . 
  this is not about money this is about people . 
  there is not enaugh room for them to live , they do not speak the language , they have a vastly different culture . 
  and if you want to call me selfish : yes , i am . 
  deal with it . 
  more than half the population of earth is eligible for asylum in most european countries .
