  i fail to see how this article in any way criticises the media circus . 
  i see it as a needlessly vicious attack coming from a highly arrogant position . 
  ironically the article does the exact same thing as it accuses opposition politicians of : they come from a position where they do not need to have any ideas of themselves , they can just shit all over everyone else . 
  even if the `` meta '' part you talk about were genuine , the entire article still comes off as extremley arrogant . 
  it made me realize that the tone in germany is changing , respect for other member states is increasingly diminished . 
  dissent is seen as betreyal . 
  i posted the article now http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2015-08/oesterreich-fluechtlingspolitik-asyl-fremdenfeindlichkeit its a zeit article , its shit . 
  i plan on going to prag but its not a cheap place , hopefully next summer !, 
  see the other post i made . 
  basically a german article complaining about austria not toeing the line enaugh . 
  if i find it again ill post it . 
  not to mention that what they accuse austria of here is awfully simmilar to what germanys government is saying these days . 
  edit : spelling, 
  not talking about the refugee crisis alone . 
  tho , something comes to mind . 
  there was this one article a month back where they criticised one of our ministers for calling the eu to try to solve the problems in syria . 
  it was called something like `` austria the eu dwarf wants to do something something '' , it was quite spitefull . 
  but its a general disrespect that can be felt in the german media . 
  i cant remember the last time there was a positive article about austria . 
  its always `` austria does this wrong , austria doesnt do this like we germans do '' its kind of annoying because obviously we get all of the german media here , i suppose you get very little of ours . 
  not to mention that what they accuse austria of here is awfully simmilar to what germanys government is saying these days, 
  that ones for the beer isnt it ? 
  i dont know ive never been there . 
  but ive heard they are nice people . 
  i dont hate all germans either . 
  but the question was what was our least favorite neighbour and i guess that would be germany . 
  germany in general does alot of shitty stuff that i dont like . 
  doesnt mean all germans are awfull people . 
  eh you cant win one way or another . 
  either we have no opinion of our own and `` want to be germany '' or we have an `` inferiority complex '' . 
  for what its worth , id just prefer not to deal with you germans . 
  the rivalry between austria and germany used to be mostly a joke . 
  but recently the german media is outright hostile to austria , especialy if austrian politics dare to disagree with merkel . 
  the german politics have also acted in ways that dick over austria for a while now . 
  yes , and we need to assimilate them hard . 
  country : austria favorite neighbour : tough one , probably hungary , they dicked us over the least least favorite neighbour : germany , keep spying and wage dumping , assholes . 
  the problem is that most of them want to permanently resettle . 
  i think this is not supposed to reformize the entierty of islam . 
  i think something like this is even better . 
  realtalk now : i want to other `` european '' muslims from muslims in other places of the world . 
  european muslims for better or worse are not going away . 
  they should see themselves as europeans . 
  and that first , they should see themselves as different from the rest of the muslim world . 
  preferably we can make them be proud of that . 
  a little bit of pride wont hurt realy . 
  i want european muslims to take a side , more specifically , take a european side . 
  this is a many facet issue . 
  for example , i want european muslims to drop the arabic aesthetic of islam . 
  you have no idea how much of a difference aesthetics actually make for a religion . 
  see how different the perception of syrian muslims and christians is in the west . 
  if western muslims would manage to * look * western and not look like they are some sort of extension of the middle east , they would be way more accepted . 
  edit : for claritys sake ( even tho this should be obvious ) this is not about ethnicity . 
  brown people wont become blonde , im not some kind of retard . 
  this is pretty good actually . 
  what ? 
  i was in the military , i was allowed to crawl in the mud and clean the toilets . 
  oh yeah i was also allowed to stay outside while it was hailing . 
  did i mention the part where you get woken up at 3am to go pack up all your shit and go marching ? 
  no warm food either because that would take too much time . 
  and no , there is no free time in basic training . 
  you either have work to do , or you clean something , or you are ordered to stand in attention for long periods of time disregarding the weather . 
  draft btw so no i did not exactly choose to go there . 
  this is a repurposed military bedroom . 
  ive lived in this for months , but not with these fancy pillows or proper bedsheets they have there . 
  also  1 toiler , 1 shower how about 4 toilets and 3 showers not on the same floor , shared with more than three tiems the people . 
  i managed not to become violent . 
  yeah right ? 
  i would find that funny if it wasnt us that bear the burden . 
  well about half of that sounds good . 
  but then again this is erdogan who we are talking about . 
  im not trusting his intentions . 
  europe is the only continent in the position where we * can * do this from an economic standpoint and are also willing to do this from a public perception standpoint . 
  time to get going !, 
  found the nazi trivializer . 
  austria , never been to denmark . 
  yet anyway . 
  tho aperently the demo was alot bigger than i thought . 
  yes yes very nice in global ranking but realy i wouldnt want to live there . 
  graz is much nicer . 
  and the rest is up for debate isnt it\u00df, 
  well shit . 
  i always hated vienna anyway . 
  the reason the eu is `` required '' is because otherwise europe has no way of responding to foreign threats , im talking on a political level mostly . 
  sadly the eu doesnt do that job properly . 
  its not . 
  been living here all my life . 
  honestly the initial euphoria was scary . 
  but it didnt last long . 
  look at the numbers . 
  less and less people are going to those marches . 
  and they keep getting less sure of themselves . 
  pretty ashamed of my country when i read stuff like this . 
  haha , thats weird !, 
  nobody its these people saying stuff like this . 
  but realy , these people are deluded , caught up in euphoria about something they know nothing about . 
  for what its worth , they are getting less and less everytime . 
  contrary to popular belief , germans actually have humor , while most of it tends to be dry . 
  nazi jokes and nazi satirizations tend to be the odd one out in that regard . 
  humor is a good way of dealing with the past if you ask me . 
  still the same euphoria , just less of it .
