  if one must build a mosque , it needs to fit in with the enviroment , especialy it needs to be decidedly not middle eastern looking , it should send a message that if you want to be a muslim in europe you need to be a european first . 
  but those mosques theyve built here did not do that , theres one right next to me thats a concrete slab with arabic scripture all over . 
  in my opinion it is a visual insult , a statement of marking territory . 
   here are many who would disagree with how you describe mosques . 
  people disagree on things all the time . 
  but for what its worth : they preach in arabic , i dont know if there are some mosques that preach in lets say bosnian but ive never heard of such a practice . 
   but it is simply not true that this represents all mosques . 
  there are always outliers but you cant judge a culture on its outliers . 
   i think both are harmful . 
  i dont neccesarily disagree . 
  ive watched some catholic stuff go down in the more rural areas , its positiveley cult like , no wonder my mother left that particular institution . 
  i also fully admit that i have a pro christian bias because in my opinion christianity is part of the identity and culture of my country and as such should have a place in it . 
   christian europeans complain about muslim middle easterners and vice versa no , stop acting as if christians and muslims were somehow equivalent in the `` bad '' they do . 
  for western sensibilities the mainstream culture in middle eastern regions is just ridiculous . 
   we should let everybody do their thing if it includes treating women as second class citizens ? 
   and then we complain because some muslims want to build some different versions of churches they are * not * different versions of churches , they are segregated , they preach in arabic and they more ofthen than not propergate an anti western mindset . 
   you 'll see a disgusting main train station get rid of that too . 
  awfull modern architecture is one thing that infuriates me to no end . 
  architecture needs to fit together and it needs to fit the area it is located in . 
  you dont put a huge rectangle painted bright pink in the middle of classical architecture . 
   so a mosque probably would improve the area . 
  i disagree . 
  and then there was a thing called reformation . 
  i fucking hate that `` but catholics too '' argument . 
  its shallow and it doesnt mean anyhting , go tell me how the pope lashes people ... 
  the only problem i have with the catholic church right now is that it encourages more populaiton growth in third world countries by saying that god hates condoms . 
  and im also not a catholic . 
  well your own source there isnt nearly as positive as you make it out to be . 
  only every second muslim wants to integrate ? 
  so half of them dont ? 
  yeah but they are not . 
  you know , there was a thing called the reformation when christianity was becoming completley nuts . 
  its not like we always loved christianity . 
  i for one am a protestant , so realy you cant blame that one on me . 
   that religions should be treated the same under the law and constitution ? 
  i do but i think that `` islam '' should not be defined as a religion much the same as scientology is . 
  islam is as much a political ideology as it is a religion . 
  what you are doing is comparing two things that arent simmilar , becaus the same word is used for both . 
  a belladonna and a cherry are both fruit , but you dont put both of them in the pie . 
  if that small towers purpose is beeing a symbol of an invasive religion that is also a political ideology with a strong connection to a backwards middle eastern cultural sphere , then yes . 
  i love how everyone that replied to me so far did so by misrepresenting my argument * and * ignoring the second point that i made which is discouraging migraiton . 
  yeah i was realy perplexed by that aswell , i thought that was only a religious thing . 
  i dont even know what health benefits there are supposed to be . 
  its not that `` i dont like them '' . 
  i also dont like poeple with stupid hats but i dont demand to ban those . 
  minarets are symbols of a non native religion that is known to be expansionistic , politically organized and opressive when they have the apropriate numbers . 
  when muslim leaders like erdogan talk about minarets beeing their spearheads , i think banning them sets a symbol . 
  this is also an aesthetic concern . 
  anarchism will never work . 
  almost everyhitng we want or not want is arbitrary , and if enauh people want something for arbitrary reasons thats called democracy . 
  yes . 
  i for one do not think that religious freedom is a holy cow . 
  not all religions are like western religions , as in that they are ultimatley irrelevant . 
  some religions are also a political ideology . 
  some religion also carry with them a culture . 
  this is especialy true when a religion claims its holy book comes from god and therfore needs to be taken at face value . 
   echo chamber what makes you think that ? 
  you mean because im posting here discussing it with people ? 
  if you already throw around accusations how about at least make them accurate . 
  as for the article you linked : maybe im just stupid but i cant actually find the mentioned study there anywehre , just links to topics on the spiegel . 
   which 'll probably discourage them even more from integrating further into german society . 
  they havent so far , they cant integrate less than `` not '', 
  well , just for emphasis . 
  doesnt mean its justified . 
  its not . 
  deal with nobody knowing the name `` monte bianco '' then, 
  so i for one dont think native austrians just decided `` well , everyone is doing it now , better get raping '' that beeing said , as other pointed out , \u00d6sterreich is not a credible source , its one step above free newspapers . 
  makes you resistant too tho . 
  growing up in austria , i can tell you we have * alot * of guilt narrative here , more so than any other country save for germany , for obvious reasons . 
  and you know what ? 
  after a while , you stop giving a shit . 
  if you keep getting pestered with something you didnt do and that you can do nothing to change now , you stop caring . 
  `` no shit '' - me, 
  italians making up fake names to claim territory isnt new . 
   no south tyrol where are the bumser when you need them !, 
  i honestly dont disagree on this . 
  circumcision is ridiculous i dont see why anyone should have his bodily integrity revoked because his parents have a cerrtain religion . 
  on minrates : this is for me mostly an aesthetic thing : they dont belong to europe , it is a sight that i disagree with . 
  also banning them will discourage migration from the middle east . 
  im fully aware of what im saying here : if you make things harder for muslims , they wont want to come here and they will have a harder time living their backwards lifestyle here . 
  this , we forbid female genital mutilliation , just because circumcision is not seen as as bad , doesnt mean there is a proper reason to do it . 
  i think the other regions would want independance and be their own thing , for economic reasons !, 
  what ? 
  everyone i know here would love to take south tyrol back , not just right wing people mind you , helps that alto of south tyrolean people study here and people are fond of them . 
   bolanzo italians leave reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  yeah , exactly . 
  basically its to make people feel better about the whole thing . 
  see ? 
  making them feel unwanted helps !, 
  lets do more of that then . 
  something something rare pepes, 
   winter yeah mrs `` da joos '' winter man , thats just fremdsch\u00e4men . 
  eh , people are way too afraid of him , hes no haider . 
  im not saying that this isnt the case , germany is huge and if germany wanst germany , it would probably be considered 5 different nations . 
  well i for one am not sending you any messages . 
  tho i do find the thought that there are some austrians or germans out there who care enaugh about this to be kind of ridiculous . 
  not aware of this beeing a joke . 
  well they are , but they are distinct in other ways than austria is . 
  they are , from what i know , which mostly is the difference between hessian and middle germans to northern germans , simmilar in those things that austrians and bavarians are different . 
  youve ever been to austria ?
