   beating somebody up because he insulted your mother or starting a fight on the soccer pitch is different from beating somebody up because you hate his skin color in either cases you beat him . 
  see you can not look into someones head . 
  they can tell you whatever they want . 
  what you can see is what someone did . 
  and so id suggest you punish someone on that basis . 
  pretty sure thats not the idea here . 
  well the language `` european '' doesnt exist . 
  he made a general statement because it doesnt just apply to one country . 
  fake it till you make it is good enaugh wouldnt you say ? 
  thats how i learned to speak english . 
  he said he would . 
  you obviously can not do that , that would be ridiculous , how would you even enforce that ? 
  this is a radical step but you must consider the following : integration so far has failed , even second generation immigrants struggle with the language . 
  furthermore , language carries culture . 
  the germans invented this fancy new word `` leitkultur '' , thats pretty much what it is all about . 
  forcing them to speak german is seen as harsh here . 
  but is it harsh ? 
  to be forced to speak the native language ? 
  nobody forces them to speak it at home but this is a public institution . 
  there are several reasons why students speaking whatever is stupid , the first one is that they dont improve in german and thus slow down their education . 
  the second is that it creates paralell societies and peer groups which leads to further isolation from the mainstream society . 
  which in terms leads to poverty . 
  we have to accept that these people are here to stay . 
  but we do not have to accept that these people are here to stay as whatever they came here . 
  if you want to live in austria , and i know this is harsh but it is important , you need to let go your old national identity and your old culture . 
  you need to adopt austrian culture and you need to adopt it fast . 
  and this so far has failed . 
  forcing the austrian identity on them might be the only way of making it happen . 
  why ? 
  language carries culture . 
  integration has failed so far . 
  in my opinion this is a radical step but a radical step in the right direction . 
  because everything else has failed . 
  this . 
  i still havent figured out why ethnic violence is different to regular old violence . 
  why someone hurts someone else shouldnt be the point . 
  if you do that , what you open up is a bunch of opportunities of exploit the system to get less jailtime . 
  violence is violence , bothering with the reason is giving the perpetrator too much credit . 
  misinterpretation . 
  read his stuff and youll notice . 
  he says he likes germany and he doesnt want germany to become anything else . 
  kind of obvious . 
  read his other stuff , thats basically what he does . 
  a bunch of hillarious hyperbole . 
  so lets just get this out there people : what the speaker said was not that refugees should be put into concentration camps . 
  what the speaker said was that the german government would love to put dissenters into concentration camps . 
  shows how easy it is to take something out of context . 
  thats akif for you . 
  basically all he does is hillariously offensive rants . 
  guess what , they are hyperbole , they always are and they are only that . 
  the article acts as if this is played straight on his part . 
  when in reality entire articles he writes are nothing but profanity upon profanity . 
  which usually tends to be amusing . 
  haha !, 
  brilliant headline !, 
  aperently these people arent used to akif . 
  he posts hillarious rants on facebook . 
  if people realy want to take him serious on that then thats quite stupid . 
  breddy gud . 
  well because why would they care about the majority ? 
  they care about themselves . 
   downplay implying . 
  austrias millitary had way more hillarious fuckups , like the time we fought ourselves . 
  still you are trying to legitimize a landgrab by saying `` we ran this far after the war ended '', 
  `` we '' you started that one . 
  you know , im not gon na defend anyones past actions . 
  tho i do find it funny that you discribe the italian front that way . 
  pretty sure you left the part of `` great victory after the armistice was already in place '', 
  its kind of easy when you are on both sides then again you guys are a bit in denial about that . 
   lowering wages well if you check my post history you might realize that im not exactly buddy buddy with neoliberals . 
  but  violence . 
  which would be ... ? 
  im not exactly a fan of demographic shifts either . 
  well kudos for posting sources . 
  the thing is tho that the japanese are different from the europeans . 
  so im using eurostat here . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/population_and_population_change_statistics/de europeans growth is largley due to immigration but europe still grows even without it , just less . 
  one thing to consider is that many statistics for `` working population '' counts newborns into the same category as old people . 
  which as a result makes things look way worse than they actually are . 
  as these children will very much grow up and work . 
  using the statistics of wikipedia , japan actually has a negative population growht ( aperently -0.2 % according to google ) which realy isnt the same thing at all . 
   `` immigrants are n't lowering wages ; corporations and politicans exploit them to lower wages '' . 
  semantics . 
  moralizing has nothing to do with it . 
  if they are `` taking our jobs '' then it is also people exploiting them . 
  the way you phrase something has nothing to do with its context . 
  you arent requrie to phrase something in a certain way to `` be liberal '' , thats complete nonsense . 
   beng anti-refugee due to concerns about the minimum wage is like advocating gassing the jews to lower anti-semitic violence . 
  thats ridiculous and you know it . 
  thats nice to hear !, 
  im always excited to hear from south tyroleans about this issue . 
  because austria as a nation exists since world war 2 , but south tyrol was already part of italy before that , so i always wondered if south tyroleans would even see themselves as austrians when that ethnicity wasnt realy a thing back when they were part of austria . 
  the other guy summed itup niceley . 
  you are comparing apples with oranges . 
  we are talking about central europe here which already has a sizeable unemployment , im not even just talking about germany , look at italy for example . 
  also from skimming the article this seems to be eu immigrants , which does make a difference simply because of the whole magnitude of the issue . 
  you can not compare the steady immigration trickle that non-sweden scandinavian countries like denmark have gotten to the onslaught that we have now . 
  also i would like to point out that this is purley economic and does not in any way adress the demographic shifts and the potential pitfalls of attempting to integrate people from a non secular religious background into western europe . 
  well id like that but i would give them the choice . 
  austria sees itself as its own nation now .
