  that realy isnt an apt comparison at all , would you level the same criticism of the outlawing of scientology ? 
  i was talking hypotheticals but no , i dont think you could easily say this about other religions , especialy not in practice . 
  in practice , islam is fundamentally different than any other world religion i can think of . 
  i did not know that this specific procession was that . 
  its not like it had any context . 
  but thank you very much i know my own history . 
  oh yeah , denazification worked so well . 
  germany is already an authoritarian state again . 
  ah so * this * is what this is . 
  its religious teachings include that the law of god is above the laws of men , these laws of god are also part of that religion . 
  as such it inheritly teaches that some dark age law invented by a warlord should turmp the law of western democracies . 
  i have no explanation for that , im sorry . 
  they would argue on the basis of islam beeing much closer to a political ideology than the current european mainstream of abrahamic religions is . 
   european islam  moderate islam ill believe it when i see it . 
  can we stop pretending that islam is a law of nature that must always exist ? 
  ive said it before and i know people dont want to hear it : integration doesnt work . 
  assimilation might , we havent tried it . 
  assimilation requires people to lay off their non european identities . 
  their non european identties , especialy in the second generation must be undermined , corrupted and ultimatley destroyed . 
  one could argue that this could be a first step to undermine the religious establishments of islam . 
  but i think this will be too toothless . 
  in reality . 
  if you dont want to activeley work against islam . 
  you need to go back to propaganda , like it or not . 
  you need to train people like you did back in the cold war . 
  destroy their non european mindset from within . 
  that could work . 
  but state paid imams just so the saudis dont do it ? 
  so what ? 
  they are still gon na be imams that follow some traditional form of islam , all youre doing is doing the saudis dirty work then . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  i for one think that the only way muslims can change is if change comes from within their own communities . 
  in the west , we expect instant answers , instant success . 
  we have forgotten how to think long term . 
  if something doesnt work the first time , we brute force it . 
  just that this time instead of going to war , we decide to import them . 
  but this will not work , muslims wont change in one generation , they might not change in ten generations . 
  while i agree , someone that age is probably not smart enaugh to get that . 
  doesnt excuse it . 
  i dont know . 
  they will change over a long time or not at all . 
  change must come from within , not from without . 
  it doesnt matter where they live , they wont change . 
  history has shown that , look at the muslim communities in germany or britain , tell me how gay friendly those are . 
  you are delusional if you think that we arent importing those sorts of problems . 
  it is rubbish , but its not right wing rubbish , its left wing rubbish . 
  i was more hinting at the fact that everytime sweden gets featured on / r/europe there will be some swedes popping up saying thats all just propaganda by right wing `` blogs '' . 
  im having a hard time believing that . 
  if there was a large gorup of magyars that interbred with the rest of the region where are the genetic traces of those ? 
  i mean you can see a genetic footprint of lets say north africans in spain . 
  in fact , you can even see an italian genetic footprint in southern germany . 
  why is the same not true for magyars ? 
  yep , it begins . 
  husbands spying on wives . 
  this is the future you chose turkey . 
  well this is mostly because there was no standardized way of spelling back then . 
  it comes from habichtsburg which you write with a `` b '', 
  this is less an argument in favor of incest and more an argument in favor of eugenics . 
  just saying . 
  are you saying weirdly deformed chins arent the pinnacle of worldly beauty ? 
  this is it , were going to war again !, 
  incoming swedish internet defensve force : this is a right wing blog post !, 
  stop believing right wing blogs !, 
  well minimum wage jobs already exist , i think what they are trying say is to lower the minimum wage that you can employ people under conditions that you need several jobs to earn a living . 
  yeah , which are not the `` families '' of the man as in wife and kids but rather parents and siblings . 
  not what we need . 
  not to mention the other reasons . 
  also , turns out , alot of them are just here to collect money , alot of these families dont intend to live here . 
  the idea that the migrants will solve the demographic problem of europe is nonsense . 
  and even if it wasnt , it would mean that europeans would be replaced , which realy nobody needs at this point . 
  well see , eventually theyll do something . 
  they have to . 
  which is suspended , and who knows wehter they * have * families , or want them to come . 
  which is kind of what theyre trying to change isnt it ? 
  yeah , that too . 
  economic libertarian opportunism always shows when it omes to this . 
  id love someone to actually prove this one to me . 
  so were importing mostly men . 
  very few women and even fewer children . 
  so who will give birth to those new german children ? 
  can men from the middle east get pregnant ? 
  because if not , that doesnt solve that problem at all , in fact , it only makes it worse because now youve got a bunch more men that will eventually be old , which wont be able to have children because theres not any more women around than before . 
  in fact , less . 
  so yeah , doesnt solve anyhting . 
  criticised for what ? 
  for working ? 
  for not costing lives ? 
  you know how many refugees would have died on the way to germany if germany would have made it clear that there is no way in ? 
  exactly . 
  man , and here i thought i had to do the google again . 
  nice work !, 
  much apreciated . 
  definitly about the fragmented society . 
  ive grown up in a immigrant rich neighbourhood . 
  i now have a large circle of friends . 
  only one of those is from my area . 
  in these areas , people keep to themsleves . 
  there is no feeling of comradrie , nothing like that . 
  one could say thats cities in general but i feel like its especialy bad in these areas , you dont even know if people around you speak the same language as you do . 
  there is just an air of distrust from everyone .
