  some of it is funny . 
  the anarchy subreddit beeing particulary authoritarian might seem funny as a practical joke but as far as communities go srs is a pretty terrible one and it tends to ruin other communities aswell . 
  does this change my point ? 
  an elitist nevertheless . 
  just because hes czech doesnt mean his rambling about `` mature '' ( ha ! ), 
  wester democracies is any more right . 
  or that his categorization of post communist europe is any less patronizing !, 
  i never said this subreddit is objective that would be ridiculous . 
  but to say / r/europe is an echo chamber is far from it . 
  if you want to see an echo chamber look at any srs affiliated sub . 
  there you will be banned for voicing dissenting opinions faster than you can say `` censorship '', 
  pretty much yeah , the more entrenched in the group you become , the easier it is for you to be radicalized , the more normalized the radicalization becomes . 
  im probably the wrong person to ask about this to be honest . 
  this is something ive seen myself on the net . 
  pretty sure there are books about it . 
  basically anything on group dynamics and perhaps fascism . 
  i dont say what it is about , just about what they preach, 
  this patronization is going on my nerves . 
  on one hand they preach european unity on the other they badmouth dissenters just because they are from eastern europe . 
  speaking of bigoted . 
  echo chambers . 
  simmilar to religious people , once an opinion is so strong that dissenters dont dare voicing their concerns , the opinion starts to become radicalized . 
  as the group favors those people fervently fighting for a cause , taking up more extreme positions is incentivized while beeing a moderate is at worst beeing seen as beeing a dissenter . 
  basically `` you arent catholic enaugh , thus you are a sinner ! '', 
  as such , everyone will keep becoming more and more radical . 
  the less the opposition voices their opinion , the more cannibalistic the group becomes in its search for more targets , which in terms leads to its members becoming more radical as to not paint targets on their backs . 
  this is what i thought , an extremley underhanded article . 
  bait and switch perhaps . 
  the title implies that its giving critics the benefit of the doubt for once . 
  and then it goes out of its way to explain away it all . 
  `` take inspiration from merkel '' right . 
  its blindingly obvious to deport criminal immigrants . 
  from the perspective of the governemnt . 
  that deportation doesnt work is something different . 
  that doesnt mean that deportation as a system deostn work , that means that right now , we arent doing enaugh to make it work . 
  and are you honestly suggesting that the german government doesnt deport criminals because it knows deportation doesnt work ? 
  come on . 
  always takes a tragedy to do something thats blindingly obvious . 
  not to mention that it wont do anything , deportation hardly ever works , weve seen numerous articles about that on this very subreddit . 
  wasnt that the guy that openly spoke about the ethnicity of the perpetrators and the implications of that ? 
  either way it wasnt his fault . 
  the police was stretched too thin . 
  if anything , the ones now trying to get rid of him are too blame . 
  too little resources for the police force !, 
   if we want to accommodate this is the important bit . 
  do we want to accomodate violent pre enlgihtenment cultures ? 
  no , no we dont . 
  why dont we ? 
   we have to become repressive police states . 
  thats why . 
  i am not even going out that much , im not gon na debate * why * they want police presence . 
  what you suggest is a very likeley reason . 
  all i want to do is point out that this article does nothing but promote further infringement on personal freedom for no particular reason . 
  at least no reason that has anyhting to do with its own headline !, 
  look at merkel ? 
  you think she cares ? 
  or lets phrase this a bit better . 
  you think merkel cares for * this * germany ? 
  i think merkel cares for the germany she wanted to create , which was ultimatley just another growth of her drive to have a legacy . 
   the asylum seekers are not in germany to plug any gap . 
  they are here for humanitarian reasons only . 
  neither to replace the aging population nor to provide a cheap workforce . 
  and as you might have noticed , i never said they were . 
  i did say that they are used as economic bargaining chips to turn the favor away from workers but that was another thread . 
  im saying that this was the reasoning for the people that did so . 
  for merkel , it might also have been her attempting to immortalize herself , you got ta remember , shes getting old and has no children . 
  going with the one reason i could think of that makes it sound the least evil . 
  the people that came up with that idea are relativeley old . 
  merkel but also others , they are an aging demographic that will soon stop to work . 
  attempting to solve this problem with immigration if anything , even if it works , only postpones the problem . 
  especialy if you only import males . 
  however , these people are old , they care about getting paid when they can no longer work , what comes after that realy isnt their problem anymore . 
  well heres one : what is what this article suggests and why does it make that suggestion ? 
  more police . 
  so they admit that this is going to be a growing trend . 
  else they wouldnt be asking for more police right ? 
  but then they also say that halting immigration isnt going to solve the problem . 
  so here i am confused . 
  on one hand , they clearly state that this is a growing problem , on the other hand they say that halting immigration , aka the process that gets these people that they themselves have identified as the perpetrators in the country , is not the solution . 
  instead , the solution is more police presence . 
  just think about that one for a minute . 
  police presence always comes with its own restrictions . 
  not only is the police already stretched thin , it also comes with an atmosphere of losing controll . 
  but first and foremost , it always means more controll , more watchfull eyes on your average joe . 
  i for one dont see why the average joe should be treated with more police surveilance , because thats what its going to boil down to , more cameras , more policemen in the streets , because for some reason they do not adequatley explain , limiting immigration is out of the picture . 
  not just that it infringes upon the personal freedom of the average joe , it also doesnt stop this from happening . 
  people on the lower end of the social ladder arent intimidated by cameras , they werent on nye and they wont be now . 
  as we know from the articles they were already too many for the police to deal with . 
  so you can call me a tinfoil hatter now but from how i see it , this article is mostly calling for more government/police surveilance for arbitrary reasons while completley ignoring the problem at hand . 
  pretty sure juncker made some simmilar statements aswell . 
  but thats besides the point . 
  still an important figure . 
  [ peter sutherland tends to disagree with you ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ) pretty sure thats the link , my internet is terrible so i copied the link . 
   which does n't really compete with the national one . 
  when quotes from all corners of the eu come in saying that european national heterogentiy needs to be undermined then i dont buy that part . 
   diversity is promoted , this is where i disagree with you . 
  for how i see it , the eu promotes conformity , not diversity . 
  unless you mean diversity ^ tm by which they mean homogenization . 
   letting them `` be '' will only cause ghettoisation i agree , and in my opinion , integration isnt the right word , the right word is assimilation . 
  well thats a late reply .
