  not exactly keeping up to date with it . 
  oh yeah and there is a very recent one but all i know about that one is that it is an affront to architecture as a form of art . 
  well ? 
  is he getting arrested then ? 
  and as it turns out , native european muslims tend to be ... european . 
  migrant muslims tend to be middle eastern , who knew . 
  because a `` moderate muslim '' isnt the same kind of moderate as a moderate christian is . 
  which is what ive been saying for a while now but this sub likes to compare me to hitler alot . 
  it does to a degree : religions tend to be resistant to ideological opposition . 
  surprisingly absolutley no one . 
  this is what you get when you let saudis fund anything in your country . 
  in my country its not . 
  and yes , there was much whining about it . 
  you should adopt this policy , saudi arabia is dangerous . 
  shes gone ... 
  actually they send em to the open ocean , international waters , they dont send em to their home countries . 
  as you can quite clearly see i am austrian , i dont give a fuck about your precious hate-idol trump . 
  oh yeah , right , thats why eastern europeans are shitting their pants over russia , because they sure believe the nato will save their asses . 
  funny , quite a few people say the same thing about the eu and russia . 
  oh now its a bunch of neonazis attacking a mosque , disregard the fact that i said im not talking about this kind of violence because that would make your entire post obsolete . 
  and fighting terrorism doesnt work ? 
  well yeah if you fight them on their home turf maybe , we got ta make sure that europe is not their home turf . 
  no but it is far too controlled by it . 
  and i think the eu should not be controlled in many ways by such a backwards country . 
  as others have pointed out , this is as polemic as it gets , and the numbers are highly misrepresented , however i feel like the point it makes isnt neccesarily wrong . 
  as long as it isnt used to push a pro surveilence agenda which i think the article doesnt do . 
  in the mediteranean ? 
  to the ocean , thats how australia does it , thats why nobody dies trying to migrate there , because they know they will just be turned around with a new boat so they dont die . 
   also , there is the matter of countries having the moral duty to accept legitimate refugees . 
  has been discussed to death , there is no moral obligation to take more people than you can handle , there is no moral obligation to take economic migrants , there is no moral obligation to take `` war refugees '' that crossed through 5 secure countries already . 
  there is a simmilar tradition here i think , sadly its not practiced alot so i dont actually know a lot about it . 
  but thats hillarious !, 
  also its not like this is a leather whip or something dangerous . 
  sounds like its a symbolic whipping , not actually hurting anyone . 
  the juice !, 
  clearly you forget the insanity that is conspiracy theorists . 
  let me summarize , point by point , the machinaitons that many `` activists '' see behind the attacks in france and the bombings in brussels : ** da joos !, 
  ** ** da jooos did this !, 
  explain that to me . 
  how is it unworkable . 
  lets take for example one popular view right now : closing the borders to refugees , this has been labled far right : how is it unworkable . 
  well i dont care what the us needs . 
  the eu needs to empancipate itself from the us . 
   if someone is fighting what they deem to be a crime , is n't that vigilantism ? 
  only if he does it in an unlawfull fashion . 
   also , i do n't think i 'm in any danger of being outwitted by far right meatheaded thugs . 
  keep thinking that . 
  people like you are the reason the far right is winning election after election . 
  you think they are idiots because you have not even considered their point . 
  you close your ranks and you hope that if people have no where else to go , they will come for your camps . 
  but they wont , theyll gladly vote far right . 
  and ignorant people like you are to blame . 
  im not talking about prisoners . 
  im talking about a destructive ideology and its associated organizations . 
  if you want to lock all of them up , have fun with all that government surveilance . 
  not the same thing . 
  this is not the us after the war has ended . 
  this is about poland when the war had started . 
  what i am talking about was england appeasing the germans , leading to poland having no allies . 
  in this case , our civillians are the polish . 
  and for that matter : the us employed the marshall plan because versaille was a big reason ww2 even happened . 
  also the us already made big money from france and england ... 
   burning down mosque will not help against terrorists ,  maybe not this kind of agression never advocated burning down mosques , which if you read the thread was not what was happening here anyway . 
   it will not stop them but only gain them more followers . 
  they are gaining more followers anyway . 
   of course we ca n't go to the is this is not just the is but the salafists that breed right here in europe . 
   you can argue that strong societies always plundered cities , raped the women and killed all men yes , and this is tragic . 
  but wha thappened to weak societies ? 
  their cities were plundered , their women raped and their men killed . 
  you can be strong without killing and pillaging . 
  it is harder , it is hard to keep a society strong without commiting atrocities . 
  but it is * possible * europe has managed to do this for quite a while before world war 1 broke out . 
  the world wars have shattered us . 
  but we must not make the mistake of going in the other diretction and shunning everyhting agressive . 
   i would argue that you can fight it with passive resistance you can not fight terrorism with passive resistance , they have no claim here , they are not a governmetn that takes resoruces from you , they try to destroy you . 
  they do not care if you passiveley resist them . 
  if you passiveley resist the government it hurts the government . 
  if you passiveley resist the terrorist you are acomplishing nothing !, 
   history is full of examples where it worked . 
  where passive resistance has helped against a crazed ideology waging a war against you ? 
  give me one example . 
  who says blindly ? 
  can you stop misrepresenting my argument ? 
  well at this point everyone already does this , so theres probably no point trying to tell every single one of you . 
  but as youve said yourself , pacifisim is impractical and futile . 
  it will lead to your downfall . 
  when terrorists kill people and you do nothing but talk about `` solidarity '' and then forget all about it a month past you will not acomplish anyhting . 
  your `` defiance '' doesnt deter the terrorists . 
  you need to stamp em out . 
  you need to hit em where it hurts . 
  you need to take away their hideouts . 
  right now all that is done is more surveilance . 
  this is a hallmark of fascism . 
  it is what i am against . 
  tell me an alternative at this point . 
  im not saying we should do it . 
  im saying i cant think of another way for western countries * not * to become muslim dominated in the years to come . 
  for terrorists ? 
  prove it . 
  as ive said in my other post : this isnt the kind of agression i condone .
