  no you didnt . 
  explain to me why you welcome a negative change . 
   one can argue us has stricter food ( and drug ) regulations . 
  and one would be wrong . 
  maybe this is going full tinfoil mode but stuff like this has been used to justify authoritarian regimes before , so your government might not be exactly aversed to this happening . 
   unless the politician is directly involved in the negotiations , this sounds like a very good reasoning untill you realize that we are talking about democracy and elected officials are in charge of actually voting ont his , as such they are involved in the negotiations . 
  and again , there is no excuse for how it is set up , only handwritten notes ? 
  no translation ? 
  this is ridiculous !, 
  to be fair , shitty beer is cheap everywhere, 
  not sure if you are serious on that last part . 
  personaly i never like arguments like `` fear of the new '' . 
  anything that implies change is inevitable is probably not something i want to trust . 
  ive never actually seen british tourists here , i guess they prefer beaches to mountains . 
  as has been pointed out multiple times : because the entire deal is fishy , i get the arguments beeing made for not revealing anyhting to the public . 
  but have you seen the hoops a german politician has to jump through to see anything ? 
  and as we all know , once its all `` done '' , time will be limited . 
  i for one have no reason to trust it , not to mention that i am against a free trade agreement to begin with , i dont trust in free trade with a country that has very different regulations on food . 
  no matter the details realy . 
  yeah , thats fucking stupid , but i guess that comes from beeing an american where migrants are cherry picked and integration means something very differnet than it means here . 
  well this is interresting , in general this subreddit together with most of them realy has been pretty much anti ttip in the recent months , but as of late , the last few weeks that is i see an increasingly pro ttip consensus forming . 
  heres me hoping that it doesnt last . 
  well ive got a specific example : chinese tourists in hallstatt , holy shit are they annoying , and the immense ammount of them is beyond insane . 
  doesnt help that they are constantly in the way posing for idiot photos . 
  i think hallstatt is the only place where tourists beeing there actually irritated me . 
  good . 
  based dinko saves the day , instead of investing in border controlls , we need to invest into cloning technology , an army of dinkos would sureley be able to protect all the outer borders . 
  well its refered to a hate site by swedes right ? 
  so its probably moderate ... 
  pretty much , sadly the argument of becoming a minority in our homelands is for the most part met with ridicule even today . 
  but it proves a good point . 
  a minority can not enforce the norms of society , it can not enforce laws , it must bend to the majority . 
  honestly this is what im thinking about alot recently . 
  there are so many here , there has to be a way to deal with this . 
  there must be , i just cant think of one . 
  but i know there must be one or were fucked . 
  and now i wonder if this is one of these situations where we just have to forget our own laws to continue existing . 
  it has to be . 
  because i see no way out of this within the confines of our current society . 
  in that case , we would go down with our own laws , but well go down . 
  now i know this is more anecdotal stuff and i know getting upset over this is no substitute for an actual analysis of this situation . 
  that beeing said if i was a parent at this school and the principle treated me this way after my children have been abused at school id punch her nose in and say `` you have to understand '' which i probably wouldnt because this is sweden and theyd lock me up for rape . 
  then again im pretty dark skinned so maybe i can get away with cultural sensitivity . 
  huh !, 
  now i did not know this . 
  thats interresting . 
  if that also comes from vindobona , that might be quite interresting historically . 
  in general i have heard that alot of celtoromanic names for things landed in german through a slavic translation , might be one of those examples . 
  good !, 
  every country needs to do this . 
  also : just more than enaugh proof that you can not trust private companies with charity . 
  you have to force them . 
  deutsch means `` of the people '' , comes from teodisk , so yeah , refers to an ethnicity , a `` volk '' if you want . 
  they arent germans in the modern use of the word but thats because germany hogs down the use of that . 
  still the dutch refered to themselves as german not too long ago . 
  `` germanic '' would be swedes , who were never considered to be german . 
  well yeah , good on us i suppose . 
  dutch comes from deutsch , which means german . 
  dutch people , austrians , half of swizerland , a couple of people in denmark , in poland and in the czech republic are also german in the ethnic historic descriptions yet germany declares itself germany and its people `` germans '', 
  yeah , this is probabl , y the best way to go . 
  nobody in the irrelevant vorarlbergian town th\u00fcringen gives a shit that the german region `` th\u00fcringen '' exists . 
  nobody in slovenian gradec gives a shit that graz exists in austria . 
  nobody in st. peter gives a shit that there are three gorillion places with that name . 
  nobody in rome makes a fuss about romania existing . 
  did i miss that one ? 
  oh great , thats what we need , two countries that cant get shit done coming together in an ultimate culminaiton of lazyness . 
  wouldnt be accurate tho , the name vienna doesnt come vindobona afaik . 
  just another settlement in the same region . 
  same with virnunum . 
  wieden however ( as in the part of vienna ) supposedly comes from vindobona . 
  oh it must suck if one country is taking the claim for the entirety of a historic nation ... right germany ? 
  same here , never heard fyrom untill angry greeks on the internet . 
  i guess nobody cares about greeces opinion around here . 
   today , berlin is a vibrant and diverse city , much like london . 
  its creative scene is fizzing and popping , full of young artists , musicians , and poets from across europe ( and the world ) relocating to this hip town this desciprion makes me want to puke . 
  they love this , this `` hip diversity '' kumbaja nonsense . 
  its so fucking obvious that its nonsense , poets and artists will by definition always be a small minority of the population so please stop acting as if berlin is this ridiculous art town now , its not . 
  i also hate that implication that somehow a city beeing `` vibrant '' having to do with its `` ethnic diversity '' , as if natives woudl just sit around at home folding thier napkins or some nonsense . 
  i just hate it when they paint pictures like that . 
  and it only takes one more paragraph for the word `` holocaust '' to show up . 
  these people just dont get it : we dont care anymore . 
  you know how many times ive heard holocaust in an accusatory tone this year alone ? 
  it doesnt work anymore . 
  i wont jump anymore when i hear the word holocaust . 
  you overused your magic `` compel the german '' word and now it is no longer relevant . 
  and to be honest , its kind of disgusting to abuse the holocaust in a political fashion like this . 
  this is what happens when you run out of actual problems to complain about but somehow have to keep yoruself relevant . 
  true , but at least were for once showing some backbone , germany isnt . 
  yeah , i guess i could just wash my dick then . 
  i know psimosis but im pretty sure thats something that can be fixed, 
  well , the recent months have shown that maybe were the better germany , at least from my standpoint . 
   it does n't make any sense to debate if you pick and choose what to respond to , especially if taking something out of context changes what i actually said . 
  well you were arguing from a position on which islam and european christianity are comareable and i honestly dont see how they are . 
  as for your specific complaint : define what `` harm '' is ? 
  is it harm when some people get treated differently in society by things they have no controll over ? 
  i objected primarily to the way youve written it . 
  you could have said if they adher to western ethics and laws . 
  by your wording youve implied that not harming anyone else is the default both for mainstream christianity and mainstream islam , which , by western sensibilities it is not for the latter . 
   but there should be no reason not to build one in one of the other parts of town . 
  id prefer of those other parts of town were improved .
