  but i realize thats subjective . 
  i want to froce people in my area of influence to adher to my morality . 
  but i dont think that my morality is god given , morality is enforced by people that believe in it . 
  not by some universal power . 
   i said that there can be no non-conservative anti-refugee sentiment . 
  and this is bullshit . 
  how is it a conservative thing ? 
  you could be against migrants for numerous reasons . 
  you could be against it because you think it will negativeley affect minimum wage and as a result weaken the middle class . 
  how is that conservative ? 
   what is the native culture of canada ? 
  native americans obviously  you are , and continuing to do it . 
  there is a fine line between pluralism and multiculturalism and i 'm quite sure canada straddles the line . 
  i do n't know how long you 've lived in canada , but if you have for even a short period of time , you 'd have seen it . 
  and as i have said . 
  there is a difference between canada in which the native popultation didnt got asked and the majority of the population is descendant of immigrants . 
  of course it works in canada , there are so many different groups that there is no majority . 
   do n't tend to work out for long ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the us is still a top immigrant destination nation , tell me how integrated minorities are into american society . 
   if that policy was so successful , why are there so many spanish and chinese speakers in the united states ? 
  where are the german communities ? 
  where are the polish american communities ? 
  spanish speakers came after that , they come to america now . 
  but most of the non-anglo settlers that came early such as the german and the polish that very much brought their cultures and language with them were stamped out during world war one . 
   i 'm asking why it matters . 
  because different groups of people need to be treated differently ? 
  you cant treat a refugee from syria the same as you treat a farmer from albania . 
  also i didnt say sweden demands this for the entierty of the eu , im saying that sweden does this . 
  different thing . 
  why do people always conflate the idea of a german nation with the idea of germany as it is now ? 
  austrians are quite happy with their independance . 
  even if austrians would be considering themselves germans again , putting us together with the prussians probably wouldnt work out unless the entierty of germany would change to a more federalistic model than it is right now . 
  the idea that austria would ever become part of germany as it is right now is ridiculous . 
  if anything , the idea that germany represents germans should be abolished , because by the historical definition of the word german , it doesnt . 
  i would not consider myself german due to germany . 
  the name is associated with germany and as such i dont consider myself german . 
  thats the reason realy . 
  austrians are different enaugh from northern germans . 
  tho i would say that we and the bavarians are definitly pretty close . 
  so no , i wouldnt say that austrians are `` germans '' in the way its used to day . 
  are austrians german in a historical context ? 
  yes , probably . 
  austrians are if anything a sub ethnicity of germans , that has been seperate for a while but has never been recognized as that . 
  and that ethnicity probably isnt `` austrian '' but something more about `` austro-bavarian '' as it isnt realy in one border , old bavarians , austrians and south tyroleans share a common variation of dialect and quite a bit of history . 
  its an odd one . 
  its a problem we didnt make ourselves tho . 
  the austrians had their identity crisis a long time ago . 
  most of us call ourselves austrians now , the longer it will stay that way , the more we will become an ethnicity of our own . 
  is it ? 
  ethnicity doesnt mean language tho . 
  i would say there is such a thing as a swiss ethnicity . 
  if an austrian ethnicity exists , then so does a swiss one . 
  culmination of a process that has been long in the making . 
  i for one hope that this doesnt roll over the border to us . 
  the idea of rejecting nation in its traditional sense is ridiculous . 
  it will never work . 
  if you deny people a national identity , they will form a new one . 
  probably around something like religion , maybe consumer interrests , who can say . 
  but there has never been a non-nation , and there never will be . 
  if you try to create a state with no nation , all that will do is have your nation be supplanted by another , not by no nation . 
  100 inhabitants realy isnt alot in a rural area . 
   former nazis and nazi sympathizers because almost everyone was a nazi . 
  thank you i dont need that history lesson . 
  in austria every single post ww2 party had nazis , even tho they werent allowed to vote at first . 
  this is a fact , however , tell me how this is relevant to the discussion at hand ? 
  how did you think people would react to you taking this as a cornerstone of german culture ? 
  \u00d6l ins feuer gie\u00dfen is what this is called where i come from . 
   of course the germans rebuilt the country , like , what the fuck were they supposed to do , sit on their bums and live in ruins ? 
  funny that you bring this up here . 
  quite a few cultures did just that yes . 
  you could argue the entire middle east never recovered from the fall of the ottoman empire , when we are already doing history lessons . 
   the insistence on `` culture '' is just a transformed form of racism . 
  prove it . 
   softens the whole distinctive culture concept no it doesnt . 
  its the way you do it . 
  not what you do . 
  the way problems are approached is unique to germans . 
  you could argue the way merkel handled the migrant crisis is also a very german way of going about it . 
  its always all or nothing with you . 
   we have inferior cultures who talked of inferior ? 
  i do not consider myself german . 
  you think i would elevate your culture beyond anything it is not ? 
  i have no reason to . 
   we try to declare that those are n't universal concepts , but cultural ones . 
  because they are . 
  deal with it , there are cultures that reject the human rights . 
  humans rights arent a german only thing , but human rights are not a universal thing . 
  morality is never universal and to suggest that it is ultimatley an imperialist worldview . 
  chinese culture doesnt give a shit about your human rights , middle eastern culture doesnt give a shit about your human rights . 
  they care about some of them , some of them that they actually share . 
  but tell me how saudi arabia accepts the human rights . 
   the more i read about it , the more i want to see the whole fucking thing destroyed . 
  there we have it . 
  thats what it boils down to . 
  you do not like german culture . 
  and you think because you are german that somehow gives you the right to devalue it and declare it irrelevant . 
  wrong . 
  you do not speak for germans . 
  you dont like german culture . 
  good , find a culture that you like better but let other people alone with your ideology .
