  or bavaria for that matter ? 
  austro-bavarian culture is pretty distinct compared to saxon or alemannic german cultures , probably due to beeing secluded by geography and having quite a bit different cultural influences than the rest of germany . 
  id have no problem with that either , why not , we could into relevancy !, 
  this is historically incorrect . 
  austrians and prussians had german kaisers , eventually austria and prussia were vying for power , eventually the prussians united the other germans with the austrians sticking to their non german territories . 
  there is a difference between northern german and austrian culture , quite a bit actually , especialy in the way we approach social situations and in terms of authority . 
  you mean its time germany needs a new leader again ? 
  with slovenia and hungary beeing other examples . 
  better at what ? 
  for some professions , the us probably has more opportunities . 
  this is something the us does alot : importing know how . 
  the people coming to the eu mostly seek a different way of life . 
  wew lads . 
  now those comments are quite delusional . 
  we have the second one here too . 
  curious . 
  maybe basic decency isnt limited by language . 
  breaking news : russian women top ranked in the senior business role of `` making up statistics '' , russias # 1 export . 
  in all seriousness : good on them , i guess . 
  well heres a new peak in stupid . 
  the midf is at it again . 
  the `` european '' treatment of the greek crisis was totaly not dicking over the country even more . 
  this is exactly the kind of deflection that i was expecting . 
   pushed into this new policy eh , it was probably the coming elections and the sp\u00d6 losing out big time . 
  the eternal fear of the right wing boogeyman will never subside . 
  im pretty sure the turks care far less about pegida which at this point is a whole bunch of different people not your stereotypical skinheads than they care about worker protection becoming trash tier in germany because of the influx of untrained workers without job prospects . 
  im pretty sure they dotn like it either . 
  good example would probably be akif pirincci who is a native turk in germany who got hounded pretty badly in the media for something he didnt actually say . 
  i think tho that your average alemanne turk has less problem with the migrants not integrating but rather with them having a negative impact on the economy . 
  turks in germany are largley working class . 
  and it will be the working class that will take the brunt of this crisis . 
   jumping naked in silt context ? 
  as for free trade : cant realy talk muc h about that because , full disclosure , im against it for political reasons , i consider myself a soft socialist and i believe that trade must be controlled in order to secure worker protection . 
  so i think me giving an opinion on this wouldnt realy help this discussion . 
  as for multiculturalism : youre right on the money when it comes to there not beeing a party that realy adresses this , or when there is , its mostly a `` containment '' party if you want . 
  in austria this is cracking since they realize that the fp\u00d6 is getting huge traction , but after the elections theyll drop that pretense aswell . 
  in my opinion only native minorities ( slovenes , coratians and hungarians in austria , retoromanic speakers , italians in swizerland , czechs , poles and sorbs in germany , the same goes for native religious minorities like protestants in austria ) opinion on this matter . 
  and those that are native must not be forced to assimilate . 
  anyone else has no right not to assimilate . 
  also she gets another reason to fuck over greece , further deflecting the fact that it was her regime that dicked them over royally . 
  oh they are , they very much are . 
  i dont think they are doing that because merkel told them to , i believe they are doing it because they are afraid theyll lose voters . 
  however i am well aware , that this is exactly what merkel needs . 
  and merkel , beeing merkel sees her golden way out of this : on one hand , whine about how evil austria and hungary are , claim she never changed her stance . 
  on the other hand enjoy the benefits of austrias policy . 
  for her its a `` have the cake and eat it '' . 
  thats probably the only downside to our way of handling it . 
  germany made no big effort of assimilating its minorities . 
  never said multiculturalism is a good thing . 
  its not . 
  in fact , it doesnt work . 
  but the germans tried to make it work . 
  eh honestly this article is nonsense . 
  the entire idea of germany in this bubble of not having an idea is complete bogus . 
  also `` embracing multiculturalism only recently '' you what ? 
  germany embraced it fully for a long time now . 
  yes , they were called guest workers because it was the idea that they would leave , but they didnt , as the article points out . 
  but germans didnt * ignore * that fact , they embraced it , for better or worse , mostly worse but whatever . 
  look im not a fan of germany either but painting them as these oblivious naive clowns is ridiculous . 
  couple of years back he would have had the same fate for doing the opposit . 
  good job russia ... 
  the galatians yeah , they migrated there . 
  they are mentioned in the bible if i recall correctly . 
  well the celtiberians were a mixture of celts and iberians , the latter beeing a pre celtic european people that eventually got subsumed into the celtic newcomers . 
  and mostly its `` and then democracy happened , faymann realized that it wasnt merkel who voted him into office '', 
  because the border of greece is realy hard to defend for the most part , its many islands means they dont have a defined coastline . 
  it realy is just that . 
  geography screwed them up in a major way . 
  austrians realized it early , our politicians didnt realize that beeing merkels lapdog doesnt work that well when the people that dislike merkel are the ones voting on wether or not you get to stay or not . 
  yeah , besides the point with the picts where its realy hard to say what they were because we lack written accounts . 
  chances are they werent back then , or at least not known to be . 
  the picts are assumed to be celtic but we cant know for sure , not much of their language ( if anything ) is left . 
  the gaelic language spread to scotland much later , through the gaelo-normans which were celticized vikings settling in ireland . 
  as for ireland : i do know that aperently the irish people believe they originally came from northern spain . 
  dunno if this is actually true tho . 
  my best guess is : the romans didnt know since they never conquered it . 
  its not apathy , it seither people welcoming it or people too afraid to voice their concerns . 
  yeah there was * some * apathy , but believe me , people talk about this stuff . 
  almos tnobody has no opinion of this . 
  it wasnt apathy , stop talking about apathy . 
  youve seen what went down in summer . 
  the media universally portrayed only one side of the story , showing only refugee children and train station clappers . 
  people werent `` apathetic '' ; they felt like their opinion was not tolerated !, 
   vienna i choose to disagree . 
  i found frau merkels secret reddit account !, 
  cant tell if satire . 
  clearly we want these people here . 
  well but heres the thing , europe has native cultures . 
  i for one think it is important that we keep these dominant . 
  multiculturalism for what its worth supports paralell societies and leads to less trust between the people . 
  id rather not have it here . 
  im not gon na tell you what to do or not do in your country . 
  but here , i dont want multiculturalism . 
  but the point is , canadas dominant culture is not the native culture , as such , there realy isnt anything that can be damaged by multiculturalism . 
  well i have no words ... 
  how well did it work for the natives ? 
  you know , that article might have some ideas that arent wrong but its still pretty bad . 
  much ado about `` muh duty of citizenship '' and whining about `` islamophobia '' and such boogeymen . 
  and of course the ever constant pointing out that change towarsd a `` multicultural multi ethinic '' , whatever that means , society portrayed in such a way that it appears inevitable . 
  this i got a problem with .
