  then again , where the name actuall originates is largley obscurity with things like marcha orientalis thrown in for good measure . 
  he doesnt know about mongols guys ... 
  eh , thats tough to say . 
  probably bavaria or swizerland ? 
  they arent too different . 
  norway is nice too , they also got mountains and the culture wouldnt be so different . 
  well they might have problems , but they arent solved by listenign to their chemtrail stuff because thats obviously false . 
  the same does not apply to political dissenters however . 
  its not about beeing mocked its about the concerns not beeing taken seriously . 
  nobody takes the chemtrail people seriously because their claims are debunked by a childrens book about aviation . 
  oh come on , so you are arguing that the mainstream press is actually not completley biased on that one ? 
  its a spiral of silence that makes the situation like it is . 
  implying that this is some fringe leftist rag . 
  im talking about pretty much all the major german newspapers including the populist bild , also all the private tv channels . 
  now thats a clusterfuck if ive ever seen one . 
  if only they could get along . 
   my argument is that they 're not choosing to come to europe well but hasnt that argument been debunked ? 
  syria doesnt border europe , they can stay in countries like turkey which are much closer to their home , where they can immediatly return from after the war is over and help rebuild the country and which is also a muslim majority country . 
   poverty not much a factor if they want to return home anyway . 
  refugee camps in germany arent better than refugee camps in turkey , just that turkey doesnt have as harsh winters . 
   most of these people will accept they 're entering a very different universe will they ? 
  so far they have not . 
  they continue the feuds they have at home . 
  they continue to complain that the local cuisine doesnt accomodate their tastes to name a particulary petty example . 
   do their best to fit in . 
  for one thing , they cant od that in camps , for another thing , this has not happened with any other migrants , especialy not with middle eastern migrants in central europe . 
  why should it happen now ? 
   those ones usually have kids , and the kids will adapt fine because they 're young & do n't know any better !, 
  i live in a lower class area in the second largest city of austria ( which is pretty small in comparison to vienna ) and i can tell you : no they dont . 
  they are isolated in their communities , not because they have to but because they want to . 
  there is a mosque , or well , its not realy a mosque , its a `` prayer house '' close to here , and all the neighbouring migrant children hang out there . 
  its human nature to stick to what they know , these children will grow up next to other migrant children . 
  why should they adapt ? 
   germany they 'll be given a house and a minimum wage supplement to keep themselves going for a few weeks before they get a visa/passport funny anecdote from my own family . 
  a cousin of my grandpa ( a slovak ) once came visiting my family in austria and demanded that they buy him a car , because aperently he thought cars are so cheap in the west , they can just buy him one like they would buy a bike for a child . 
  and that isnt very far away from austria . 
  imagine the kind of stories they get this far away . 
   but it 's hard for any government to prevent chinese whispers . 
  denmark activeley started a campaign in newspapers in turkey and other adjecent countries to tell them that they dont take anyone and that its realy cold up there . 
  look , i understand i wont convert you here . 
  just clearing a few things up . 
  i understand that we will fundamentally disagree here . 
  but thats alright . 
  which is what im saying . 
  id do the same thing , because it works . 
  thats the ridiculous thing about it . 
  somehow we expect the refugees to react in counterproductive ways because we wish it was that way . 
  im sorry but if europe behaves that way , you can not expect migrants to behave in an orderly fashion . 
  make money by divide and conquer . 
  if they can play different countries against each other they can manufactor outrage without anything actually happening . 
  well for one i see no reason to downvote that guy . 
  to your actual point : i think this is a very different thing . 
  its one thing to basically go `` people that disagree with me are stupid '' this is something everyone does . 
  its sadly part of our normal human bias . 
  the other thing is , in my opinion , more insiduous . 
  this is because it justifies a reaction . 
  calling someone misguided or stupid is one thing . 
  but implying that they have no agency over themselves is something different , which is what the media is ofthen doing . 
  they can conveniently ignore sceptics , because according to them , that is not `` realy '' their own opinion . 
  instead , they are victims who have fallen prey to rat catchers and ideologues , as a result , they do not deem these concerns worthy of response . 
  see what i mean with this ? 
  the assumption that these people are mereley beeing manipulated is used to nullify their concerns because it wasnt realy `` their '' concern to begin with . 
  why is this convenient for them ? 
  because this means they can dismiss a grassroots movement as a `` fringe '' opinion , by implying that the vast majority of said grassroots movement actually just parrots a few implied `` leaders '' or `` rat catchers '' the german media in particular does that alot , to most groups that are anti immigration . 
  is it ? 
  i mean , this is a discussion of opinion now so only tangibly related to what was said above but in my opinion if someone comes to live in a country permanently , and that country has a native population , then that person should adopt that as his identity and relinquish his old one . 
  now , i wouldnt do that if i wouldnt like that culture . 
  but i would if i did . 
  this is what im saying . 
  i know that they do not want to adopt our identity and culture . 
  so we have to make them . 
  and if they would want to . 
  ive said it in another post . 
  if i would go to a country that has a culture i fundamentally disagree with , why would i change ? 
  why would i change myself to something i am not ? 
  people dont change themselves out of gratitude . 
  and the immigrants dont even feel gratitude towards europe since they feel like they were tricked by europe , first beeing invited by germany and then beeing forced into camps . 
   all people have the capacity to learn or adapt to new situations but how will they adapt ? 
  will they adapt by adopting a european identity ? 
  because history has shown that this is not what happens . 
   choose evil this is an extremley black and white view of it . 
  there is no evil . 
  i for one fully understand them . 
  if i would be emigrating to a country whose culture i despise , i would want to keep mine aswell . 
  this is not a question of right or wrong . 
  this is a question of who prevails and who does not . 
  even better call . 
  good call . 
   high jacked by real neonazis kind of a self fulfilling prophecy isnt it ? 
  hound a group as nazis , thats how you get nazis to like it . 
  all bigots make exceptions , this is also true for ideologues . 
  hate everyone dissenting ? 
  probably have one friend who is openly right wing . 
  people make exceptions for their friends all the time . 
  i know right wing people with turkish friends . 
  it happens . 
  the insidious thing with lumping all dissenting views togehter tho is that it leads to further radicalization . 
  i think this comes from the fact that the media attacks anyone in the same way . 
  a reasonable person will be treated the same way the npd would be treated . 
  as a result , people tribalize .
