  yes , i think the confines of the law are not the same as those of decency . 
  just because you * can * do something doesnt mean you should . 
  ethics is a luxury , but one we * can * choose to apply . 
   i actually agree that is partly an issue . 
  not as much as you make out but i believe that they should either remove comments or have them , not pick and choose based on the article topic . 
  id prefer if they wouldnt remove them in general but yes , its better to remove them all than to remove them from certain topics . 
   i agree , good thing that was n't my argument . 
  i was more pointing out how no political party upholds these ideals . 
  quite a sad fact indeed . 
   yeah that 's a better example . 
  and it 's more like allowing them to shop but disallowing them to express their politics in the shop . 
  and that 's fine by me it 's their shop and their choice . 
  so everyone else gets to express their opinion but they dont . 
  this is ok for you ? 
  well glad to know who im talking to . 
   they are removing comments entirely so it 's not really engineering the comments , just removing them entirely . 
  and anyone group with a lot of free time and some proxies can engineer a comment section . 
  they remove comments from articles they know will have opinions they dislike . 
  basically the same thing . 
   pretty much every political party there is breaks this ideal . 
  `` everybody does it '' is a pretty weak argument . 
   they are denying people the ability to use their property , that 's their right . 
  i do n't have to let people use my website or come into my house . 
  your house is not a public platform . 
  its more ackint o banning people with a certain political opinion from your shop . 
  like lets say a right wing guy banning leftists from his shop . 
  this any good ? 
   it really should n't , imagine if someone could force you to host something with you paying for everything , maintaining everything and taking any heat that may come of it because if you take it down it 's `` censorship '' . 
  you are acting as if this is hosting an article . 
  its a comment . 
  this way , they can engineer comments in such a way that it appears the opinion on the site is a particular one . 
  this is manipulation and i dont care what their `` right '' here is . 
  it should not be tolerated . 
  if you give voice to one opinion you should give a voice to the contrary opinion aswell . 
  thats a pretty weak excuse . 
  so what you are saying is comment sections should be censored because it gives a voice to a minority opinion . 
  which is exactly what the article itself already does . 
  realy doesnt make sense . 
  and the `` tarnishing of reputations '' thing . 
  we are talking about opinion pieces there , these are never objective and will always tarnish someones reputation . 
   they are n't actively stopping something being said or reported , they are just choosing not to host it themselves . 
  they are denying people the ability to comment on an article because of what they know will follow . 
  they know people will point out inaccuracies and thus they remove this feature . 
  this is censorship . 
  just because it doesnt break the law doesnt mean its not censorship . 
   as the saying goes `` your rights end where mine begin '' not beeing censored is not a right . 
  it should be tho . 
   sure , but having multiple under your control to the extent that you control a large amount of the media is dangerously close to a monopoly and should be tackled using anti-trust laws . 
  having one opinion dominate the media is better ? 
   i actually wrote that comments are there for when the article is wrong or there is more information . 
  and yet you also defended them closing the comment section . 
  also  wrong we are talking about opinion pieces here . 
   they 're not silencing anyone . 
  yeah , they are silencing everyone . 
  everyone but themselves . 
   it 's their website with their content and they can publish whatever they want . 
  doesnt make it any better . 
  same argument as the reddit censorship stuff which , spoiler , nobody outside of srs actually wanted . 
  censorship doesnt require it to be state mandated . 
  or would you not call berlusconis controll of the media censorship ? 
  maybe you should let us have a go . 
  its not like youve tried yet : ^ ), 
  regnum noricum 450 before christ best year of my life !, 
  damn we do like going to war with people dont we . 
  good question . 
  turkey ? 
  france ? 
  italy ? 
  hell it might have been germany for all i know . 
  i always felt that beeing butt naked is hillarious when beeing drunk . 
  more economic migratns from a religious shithole country . 
  their nationality is also known to not integrate . 
  im actually sincere about this one . 
  nobody needs these people . 
  just because they are from a `` western '' country doesnt mean they are usefull . 
  first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a socialist . 
  then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a trade unionist . 
  then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a jew . 
  then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me . 
  the good old `` idiots '' argument . 
  patronizing and wrong . 
  so basically what you are saying is that only these topics have idiots in them . 
  also you are saying that newspapers dont ever get anything wrong . 
  alsoo you mention something about `` publish articles '' . 
  does the comment section interfere with their ability to do that ? 
  the comment section does however show public opinion . 
  the guardian is known for attempting to manipulate public opinion to fit their narrative . 
  how do they do that ? 
  they silence the opposition on their platform to make it appear that their opinion is the one dominant in the population . 
  this wont work , were too far gone for that . 
  but they still try . 
  oh dont worry . 
  in the opression olympics , jews rank below muslims . 
  same as women . 
  this is why you can never be sure with these people . 
  one day they worship you because you are such a precious victim , the next day someone is more `` opressed '' and suddenly every misfortune you have suffered is irrelevant because of how you `` opress '' one of the largest religions in the world by simply existing . 
  exactly . 
  ths is why the free market needs to be regulated . 
  because if it isnt , it destroys ethics . 
  ethics are a luxury , but its a luxury we * can * have and we should chose to have .
