  however , is it vigilantism ? 
  from what this thread says there was no actual firebomb and it wasnt at the mosque . 
   muh right wing are all idiots you should stop thinking enemies foolish , else he will outwit you . 
  what is then ? 
  hitler was elected due to a financial instability that came after world war 1 , a general failure of democracy in the weimar republic and a feeling of powerlessness within a leaderless state . 
  it is the opposit of what i am advocating . 
  i want a strong democratic nation in which the people have their concenrs heard . 
  i want a nation that doesnt buck to the whims of madmen . 
  from within or without . 
  but sure , call me hitler , my ostrogoth friend : ^ ), 
  they arent winning . 
  the gains they have made so far are the fault of the other parties for the exact reason i have stated above : because this type of opinion is beeing ignored by the media and by the mainstream parties , thus people vote for the fp\u00d6 . 
  but `` winning '' ? 
  red green still rules in vienna , as such the fp\u00d6 isnt anywhere close to `` winning '' . 
  no , if i was hitler i would say that due to the state of emergency because of the terrorist attacks we need a fascist government for qucik response . 
  this is more what turkey under erdogan is , not what i wish europe to be . 
  beeing strong is not beeing fascist , you can be a strong nation without succumbing to authoritarianism and unquestioned leadership . 
  you can challenge agression without commiting genocide . 
  that was my point . 
  tfw racist, 
  fighters are recruited in their communities , in their mosuqes . 
  it is their fault for beeing idle , it is their fault for standing by , it is their fault for enabling it . 
  so basically what you are saying is that the terrorists couldnt win if there were no muslims in our countries ... 
  actually at this point : yes this entire idea that you can somehow fight violence with introspection and diffuse nonsense like `` love '' and `` understanding '' is complete bogus . 
  thats the signs of a weak society . 
  you need to fight violence with violence , agression with agression . 
  maybe not this kind of agression , but agression . 
  non violence has always been the way of dying societies . 
  and im from neither of those countries . 
  and my point still stands : what is europe `` ungratefull '' for ? 
  oh thats rich , you mean ungratefull for you fucking up the middle east and we having this stupid refugee crisis as a result ? 
  or you mean ungratefull for you spying on us ? 
  you mean that part ? 
  how about you share the burden of the crisis you have created , america ? 
  well go fuck yourself clinton . 
  good article . 
  i fear these opinions are still not said enaugh in my country . 
  well yes , well be in deep shit if this continues . 
  more attacks , all the while the natives will be monitored to no end , which in term wont stop further attacks , which then will be used as an excuse for more surveilance . 
  realy ? 
  got a link maybe ? 
  yeah ive had these sneers quite a few times by now : as said , its an anecdote , not an argument . 
  with terrorist prevention ? 
  nothing , but it also makes it less likley that people trivialize it . 
  now there was this nice post on / r/4chan something about toilets . 
  i dont , but i might aswell point towards the media , all the same . 
  its an anecdote , not an argument . 
  you should see my facebook feed man . 
  so far ive seen nobody talk about the victims , but like 5 people whining about how bad this is for muslims . 
  oh yeah and two people posting the belgian flag with some stupid meme text . 
  no lessons were learned , the media is still full of `` fight agression wiht introspection '' bullshit . 
  we are trying to fight strength with weakness . 
  we are still focusing on the poor misguided perpetrators , instead of on the victims . 
  we havent learned a thing . 
  its kind of like `` i count to three and we all jump '' , but its even better because everyone else is dead . 
  did you expect me to worm myself out of that one ? 
  no i dont , i dont give a shit . 
  at least im honest about it . 
  well , for one we need to start working against the groups that allow them to hide and enable them . 
  in my country for example , we no longer allow saudi arabia to fund mosques , i think all eu countries should start with that . 
  good that you understand , and i understand where you come from . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  yeah , we need to get rid of the islamists in europe , i dont exactly want europe to go deus vulting in the middle east again , it never works . 
  but we need to activeley root out these organizations and people in europe . 
  and make sure they never ever get a foothold again . 
  the response to agression needs to be some form of counter agression , not introspection . 
   / r/islam great , now im on some government watch list . 
  oh well , one more . 
  this is not about violence . 
  i dislike people that take a book written in a time far before ours by the word , especialy if it , and thus far you perhaps wont disagree with me , explains a system of law that should be applied , no matter what said law is . 
  fantastic article , i could not have said it any better . 
  now , when the article talks about nobody thinks of the victims . 
  i for one have looked at the pictures , makes your bloody boil , its not smart is it ? 
  gets you emotional , not thinking rationally . 
  but on the other hand , when we talk about it , we owe them that much , look at the reality of it . 
  its not so easy to trivialize then . 
  seeing the people lying on the floor covered in blood , seeing a human leg stick out of the rubble , some mans guts spilling over the floor . 
  i get angry just by thinking about it . 
  its silly to think that way : but by what right are their lives taken in such a manner ? 
  by none . 
  think about these people . 
  there can be no excuse , there can be no rationalization . 
  there can be no justifications beeing made . 
  i think getting angry is the right response now . 
  not thoughtless fury either , not raging at the heavens . 
  im not advocating rash naive descision making , but i advocate keeping these people and what happened to them in mind when making descisions . 
  oh yeah , were all in this club at this point , ive stopped giving a shit a long time ago , as you might imagine , austria is particulary sensetive to that issue and when the majority of your social circles are left wing even more so . 
  but im not a public figure , so of course i can talk big , if my job was threatened due to this bullshit , maybe i wouldnt talk at all . 
   but never naivity . 
  too late !, 
   i do n't have a problem with salafists , i do . 
   salafists take quran literally which i have a problem with . 
  i also dislike jehovas witnesses taking the bible seriously , but they tend to be infinitly more harmless . 
   but only because people like to think that wahhabist ideas for example are widely shared among all streams within islam mostly salafist i would argue , and well , they seem to be widespread enaugh when you consider how popular they seem to be in youth groups  which is a blatant lie which is irrelevant to the situation at hand . 
   be clear in what ` would ' happen in that case i honestly dont know . 
  but i know that its not gon na be good . 
  am i expecting another holocaust ? 
  but just because its not gon na be a holocaust doesnt mean its gon na be all fine and dandy . 
   what would the solution actually be in that case if i may ask ? 
  as i said , i dont have one .
