  it started out with nazi guilt . 
  then they realized that they can be smug about it too . 
  the point is to cut those jobs in smaller jobs . 
  so instead of having one guy work a full week at a shitty job , theyd have 4 people do the same work for half the money overall and no time off . 
  thats kind of whats happenign in america . 
  note that several people have asked for a ( excuse me the german word because i dont know the english term ) `` billiglohnsektor '' , aka salaries you cant live off so youve got like 4 jobs to pay rent and dont actually get any benefits . 
  this is what they are planning on . 
  well this one isnt tinfoiling . 
  several important people within the various governments that make up the eu already stated that destroying the european identities is part of their agenda . 
  so yeah , i can see that this is very much part of the reason they cling to it . 
  if this was the original intention or it is one thing thats usefull to them i dont know , but it doesnt matter one way or another . 
  its happening , and they are using it for this purpose . 
  thats a very good interview , puts things into perspective . 
  thats some absolutley scary stuff . 
  and hes absolutley right on the money on one particular thing : angela merkel has no children . 
  you got ta think about that for a minute . 
  she has absolutley no investment in the future . 
  how about `` no '', 
  well got a better idea ? 
  you know how man refugees go to australia ? 
  none , guess why that is . 
  austria is also way smaller than germany , has more applications per capita than germany and also didnt fucking invite these people , unlike germany . 
  well germany thinks that only the germans get to decide that . 
  im not gon na go full tinfoil and say that this is the reason they caused this . 
  but im gon na say that corporations are opportunists and they see potential profit here : young uneducated migrants that can make cheap labour hyper competetive . 
  puts the pressure on the labourer , gives more power to the employer , dicks over everyone . 
  oh do they think that ? 
  well i thik that germany inviting the entire third world is unacceptable , i think germany dumping salaries to artificially strengthen their economy and dicking over their neighbouring countries and their own people is unacceptable , i think germany dealing with erdogan who at this point is a full blown dictator is unacceptable . 
  but boo hoo , austria makes a descision of its own for once . 
  this is what happens when you listen to germans for too long , they take it for granted and think that they run the entierty of europe . 
  the arrogance with which they decide that the descisions made by other countries are irrelevant is striking . 
  oh its that argument again . 
  well chicken or the egg , were all just ostrogoth seperatists . 
  is germany an austrian seperatist country because the kaiser was austrian at some point of the holy roman empire ? 
  for what its worth , there are two austro-bavarian states right now , and one is independant and one isnt . 
  yeah it doesnt help germans either !, 
  it fucks over everyone , including germans . 
  because great the german economy is booming but somehow the germans earn less than we austrians do . 
  its ridiculous , the average joe is losing out one way or another . 
  calling an austrian german isnt wrong tho . 
  austrian is a german sub ethnicity for what its worth , its just not commonly used anymore because `` germany '' has the word `` german '' in it and people confuse the two terms . 
  and while i am aware of that , you still are from america , and yeah , id say some stereotypes are more true in america , even if not us america , than in europe , especialy when it comes to religion . 
  kind of comes from the fact that quite a few migrations to america were religion based . 
  the problem is that most people , at least right now , dont see them with their own eyes . 
  afterall , all those middle class people dont * realy * want to be anywhere near the migrants . 
  they just like to pretend . 
  oh they tried twice . 
  and now the made up bullshit italianized names are the official names for everything and the actual german names are mereley `` tolerated '' . 
  at this point im pretty sure the italianization of south tyrol only failed because austrians are shit at latin languages . 
  so yeah , i can sympathize . 
  also note how the children are almost always the more european looking ones . 
  somehow i think the leftist media got some real racial bias . 
  `` cant show them filthy brown people , what are the upper middle class house wives gon na think ? '', 
  you mean bavarians are austrian seperatists !, 
  but we arent . 
  youre right on the germans tho . 
  its the current century !, 
  i can kind of sympathize with you tho . 
   germany : stop undercutting us in social and wage policies . 
  this race to the bottom `` to stay competitive with germany '' is hurting everyone who ca n't float his capital that easily . 
  this is probably the most important one to take away from this : here goes a big fuck you germany for that one . 
  as far as i know , most non hungarians seem to agree that they are primarily central europeans , by which i mean they are ethnically not very distinct from their neighbours which are mostly slavs , german/slavs and slav slavs , that adopted the culture and language of the magyar upper class , which in terms is an ethnicity we dont know all too much about the language is an uralic , they were for the most part a confederation of several tribes one of which was noted to be turkic in origin but its realy hard to say with nomadic ethnicitites . 
  poland bears, 
  and canada clearly is also not part of america ... as in the continent you live in , which makes you an american . 
  i have had discussions with him from the austrian subreddit , i wont claim to know him but i know of some of his positions regarding these issues since we had debated this over at / r/austria before . 
  so you arent canadian then ? 
  and also refer to my other post . 
  oh come on hes the chief of the green party , thats because turks are one of their main demographic . 
  thats like saying there is no socio economic difference between blacks and whites in america because obama is black . 
  and yeah they might get the same chances but only if they have the same start which most of them dont because again paralell soceities lead to different standards in education which in terms leads to different standards in paychecks . 
  you can easily observe this with frances immigrant population and you can also observe this with germanys turkish population . 
  as soon as paralell society forms , education plumments , or more to the point it never rises to the level of mainstraem society . 
  and this doesnt even include cultural values yet . 
  id love to see some data on the education of german-turkish women compared to native german women . 
   i 'm not saying there are n't problems , but the conclusion clearly ca n't be to demand a homogenous societ i dont demand a homogenous society for the sake of the immigrants , i demand a soceity dominated by its native culture for the sake of the natives , which includes me . 
  calling it homgenous isnt fair , because it isnt . 
  people are different in more ways than culture , you just said that yourself . 
  but the native culture should prevail simply because there is only one part of the world where that culture is native and if it is not the dominant force there it will stop existing and that is not something i want to see . 
  doesnt make a culture homogenous . 
  not all germans are the same . 
  yes ok , you might accuse me of hyperbole now and i agree that it is hyperbolic to some extent but we are arguing principle here , not reality are we ? 
  because neither of us will change reality as it is by our more or less idealistic ideas . 
   just that you ca n't generalize . 
  as sad as it is , you have to to some degree , you can not know all the 80 million people in germany personally . 
  you have to generalize because you can not not generalize when talking about the broad picture . 
  yes the world would be a better place if we could judge everyone by their own personality but that simply isnt possible within the confines of the human brain . 
   okay , but who says that you ca n't remain your identity and still oblige to the laws or socialize ? 
  no laws state this . 
  you dont break the law by refusing to assimilate . 
  but i personally want anyone that lives here to assimilate . 
  it is in the interrest of thenative population and their cultural ideas . 
  but not only that , it is also in the interrest of the migrants . 
  they can only truly integrate into society by assimilating . 
  sure they can live in that country . 
  but lets take the turks for example . 
  you mentioned them already . 
  are they germans ? 
  do they have the same chances in society as germans do ? 
  the answer is no . 
  for the same reason .
