   you 're the sum of all your views this is correct . 
   every view of yours is socialist by itself . 
  this is also correct however , just because some of my views are not socialist doesnt mean that i am a conservative because i have some views that arent socialist . 
  which is exactly what you accused me , by proxy , of beeing . 
  its a state of beeing realy . 
  it has something to do with pullovers . 
   far more of a problem its not a problem at all thats a debate . 
  with nobody differentiating im refering to countries not differentiating between types of refugees . 
  as for doublin : im as pissed off as people defend merkel over it . 
  what she did was reckless and ignored the rest of the eu , many countries suddenly became transit countries due to merkels selfish idea of suspending dublin . 
  wether dublin had worked or not is not the point , but that what merkel did was too fast and too uncoordinated which incidently created the very same situation just with germany instead of greece . 
   also , who said that asylum had to be permanent ? 
  sweden , its on this very sub . 
  again : what 's your point ? 
  this is beeing compleltey ignored by the media . 
  they treat it as the same thing . 
   somewhat true but also completely irrelevant as judged by the great authority that is ... you . 
  i think it reeks of political tribalism . 
  the left wing things `` this is our issue , if we budge , the right wing wins '' they underestimated how many people were upset with the way they handled the crisis , and now they cant back out of it . 
  because if they do , they will be seen as weak by their core demographic . 
  now the people upset with this , have two choices . 
  either keep voting for a party that goes against their wishes , or vote for the conservatives . 
  i think most anti migrant people arent conservatives at all . 
  in fact , i could see that alot of more neoliberal conservatives are in favor of the refugees getting settled quickly . 
  to them , they can only gain . 
  they have already proposed to lower minimum wage so that they can `` integrate the refugees into the workforce '' , which means lower salaries . 
  it also means more people applying for the same job whcih means yet again lower salaries . 
  i think most people opposed to the way merkel and co. handle this are disgruntled center left people that feel betrayed by the government . 
   pluralistic who is arguing semantics here ? 
  pluralistic just boils down to paralell societies . 
  what is `` truly pluralistic '' ? 
  maybe a country built entierly by immigrants , like the us was . 
  but then again those dont tend to work out for long . 
  during world war 1 the us stamped out most non anglo communities in its borders . 
  and we dont live in an immigrant country . 
  i dont understand what the benefit is of attempting to turn a country that has a native culture into a `` pluralistic '' one . 
  i suppose it does show that they activeley use the victim mentality to their advantage . 
  the problem is that nobody differentiates . 
  refugees get asylum in the first safe country , not in the one they want to get asylum in . 
  and asylum is not permanent , this is also something that is conveniently ignored especialy by countries like sweden . 
  also what is ignored is that political asylum = / = protection from war . 
  political asylum is permanent but that only includes people that need protection from political persecution . 
  its not just `` idiots dont know that refugees have rights '' , the issue is far more complex than that . 
  mureck is a town in styria that has a rapidly declining population due to not having any jobs , as a result i tend to refer to it as the styrian pripyat , its a nice town but when you go there in autumn it looks positiveley eerie due to there beeing almost no people . 
  they also have some of that overgrown aesthetic there . 
  i dont want to badmouth that place since i actually have relatives from there but it does look the part . 
  id have her resign over the spying affair alone !, 
  can not interrupt that precious narrative !, 
  i think the `` inbred '' one is worse . 
  and of course it all boils down to the nazis again . 
  you should have noticed by now that your barking doesnt work anymore . 
  people have realized that they arent actually nazis just because you call them that , and as a result they stopped giving a shit . 
  germans were also the people that rebuilt your country after the war , what was that about the wirtschaftswunder again ? 
  im not a german and i have quite a bit of contempt for some of the stuff your country does , especialy recently . 
  but saying german culture is worth nothing ? 
  thats ridiculous . 
  it isnt my culture , but i respect it for what it is . 
  its a culture of resepct and one of work , its a culture of getting shit done . 
  there is much to admire about that , wether you like it or not . 
  well , you know in rural areas , most people actually dont lock their doors . 
  maybe you are from the city , and i have to admit this was strange for me too when visiting my family in southern styria , but there are several reasons for that . 
  in a small town , people know each other , and they ofthen have quite a few children that go in and out , neighbours that might need something or sometimes its just down to sharing tools . 
  people dont just leave their doors unlocked because they are careless but because its part of how they live in rural communities . 
  its mostly the germans beeing germans . 
  if they do something , they do it right . 
  they do it fiercly and they do it thouroughly . 
  in italy , people are more lax , yeah they realize they were fascists , but they dont realy give a shit . 
  in germany , since world war 2 , they are pretty comitted to the idea of beeing the usa of europe , and yeah , they are strongly comitted to be a `` nation without a nation '' . 
  i think at first everyone encouraged it . 
  but nobody expected the germans to be germans and go this far with it . 
  and who says that ? 
  i am one of those `` anti refugee '' people if you want to call me that . 
  i hate neoliberals more than anything . 
  im in favor of a more direct democracy to stop big companies to interfere with the politics . 
  im in favor of more education . 
  im in favor of higher minimum wages . 
  and yes im in favor for higher taxes for well off people and even the upper middle class if it helps redistribute the wealth in the country and helps to create a broader and better educated middle class . 
  but no . 
  the narrative must be upheld !, 
  everyone against mass migration is a filthy conservative !, 
  a disgusting right wing nutjob !, 
  integration is seldomly achieved at all if its a majority having to integrate into a minority . 
  im sorry but those 1000 people wont integrate into a community of a hundred people . 
  in a best case scenario , these refugees will form their own community and live next to the germans as a seperate entity . 
   well , i am not and this is your problem . 
  you arent the only person living in germany . 
  some people actually might like german culture . 
  so tell me , if all those germans dont derserve their culture to be preserved : why do the refugees deserve that ? 
  what right do they have to preserve their culture ? 
  if germans dont ? 
  you are beeing ridiculous here . 
  just because you dont value german culture doesnt mean you get to make the call that nobody can . 
  and calling these people inbreds is so fucking typical . 
  you dont know these people , they live in a small village , so what ? 
  that makes them terrible people ? 
  neighbourhood rivalries are a german tradition !, 
  they cant just ruin you hating your neighbours like that !, 
  reminds me of mureck . 
  the pripyat of styria . 
  finnland in a nutshell !,
