  yeah right ? 
  sometimes you get so angry you just want to kick the shit out of these people . 
  hell , people , traitors they are . 
  austrexit when ? 
  what is this shit ? 
  why do we let em go through with this . 
  the eu in the last couple of years acts entierly against its population . 
  who wanted this ? 
  what is this undemocratic shit ? 
  well yeah , pretty sure neonazis and islamists are pretty much on the same side here . 
  dont want democracy ? 
  check want things to be like the were ? 
  check hates jews ? 
  check, 
  they know it works you know . 
  progressives taught them the exact words to use . 
  good , based denmark . 
  dictatorship my ass . 
  if you dont want secularism , you dont get to have citizenship in a secular country . 
  unless you are born a dane and have lived by the danish constitution , you are not entitled to danish citizenship . 
  its not like i say `` i want to be a dane now '' , im not , im not entitled to be a dane , neithe ris this guy . 
  the scots themselves probably not . 
  but there were alot of scandinavians living in ireland that adopted the gaelic language , it was those normans that helped spread the gaelic language to scotland , where formerly pictish was spoken . 
  yeah , we figured this in another reply chain . 
  which is ? 
  yeah , and the bavarians didnt even exist back then . 
  they formed from all kinds of germanic mercenaries and some of the remaining ostrogtohs . 
  also most likley from the celtoromanic original population . 
  this is why some scholars say that bavaria has a `` mediterran substrate '' ( obviously refering to austro-bavarians here not just what is called bavaria today ), 
  well for a while it was called avarenmark , later it was part of carinthia in the karantanische mark , it was only secedet after it was passed over to steyr . 
  makes sense, 
  i dont know , not a city ive ever been to , its just so out there , supposedly its been important once and now i dont even think about it . 
  great that nobody ever tells us that here . 
  true again i suppose , whats the point of that town anyway . 
  yes , yes we do tax food . 
  thats not how you say it tho . 
  fucking upper austrians and their stupid names for things . 
  can confirm , my grampa was a slovak from what is now serbia , he spoke five different languages because aperently thats how they communicated there . 
  half of austria can into balkans ? 
  this is a wonderfull response . 
  well i dont know , beeing in austria , you generally meet alot of people from those countries as we got quite a few immigrants from there . 
  generally i like em well enaugh , grown up with a couple of them , for some reason , i tend to reasonate well with yugoslavs , some anyway . 
  i guess i still have a couple of misconceptions about the political situation of those countries mostly because everyone i know from there is here becuase there was a war over there . 
  the balkan wars are pretty prominent in the memory of my generation , while it didnt affect austria , it was in the news constantly and you could watch the bundesheer secure the borders to slovenia , which is incidently where a part of my family lives . 
  then again , i have relatives in croatia and ive been to croatia and slovenia alot so i figure that kind of dims my misconceptions . 
  they are nice countries , they sold beer in 2 liter bottles before we did , and were fucking austria , we drink more than the germans last time i checked . 
  kind of alot of asorted thoughts i guess . 
  oh yeah , the slovenians are a bit of an odd one out . 
  we dont realy view them the same as we view the other yugoslavs . 
  they are slavs but they are ... us if we were slavs if that makes any sense . 
  on the austrian slovenian border , the austrians have a realy odd accent , then you see some slovenians and they have the exact same accent but in a different language , its realy weird . 
  slovenia , compared to for example croatia , also doesnt realy look all that different from austria . 
  so in general , we view em a bit closer to ourselves than to the rest of the yugoslavs . 
  just a funny personal anecdote : in austria , we ofthen refer to carinthians as `` north slovenians '' , then ive met some croatians who called slovenians `` south austrians '' , that one was hillarious for me . 
  huh , thats odd , what does that mean ? 
  yeah , vedunia , `` celtoromanic '' , which doesnt realy mean much i guess , the people that lived there were celts that eventually adopted latin , how much that changed their names for things is questionable . 
  right , carantania , almost forgot about that . 
  vienna is named after a river called wenia . 
  which is a celtoromanic word ( vedunia ) meaning `` forest river '', 
  sounds pretty simmilar , probably some noble that had regency of it named it after his home city , thats kind of what happened with styria . 
  not that we complain , else wed be carinthians , and who would want that ? 
  yeah , and iirc the boii settled in western bavaria and northern swizerland , which makes even less sense . 
  well the scots still kinda live there now dont they ? 
  pretty sure the culture of the picts got replaced by gaelic speaking normans from ireland . 
  well austria was the closest german empire to the arabs which is why they named austria after the word for german . 
  remember back then there was no `` germany '' that encompassed all `` germans '' ( well , some might argue there still isnt ), 
  this is interresting , for example on the slovenian border , there is a city called radkersburg , half of the city is on the slovenian side of the border and the slovenians call it gornja radgona i dont know if that means anything simmilar my knowledge of slavic languages is sadly limited but it does sound simmilar . 
  rijik i think was the original germanic word but it might have been r\u00eeh\u00ee aswell , but that one comes from celtic `` rig '' which means `` might '' but also translated into `` material wealth '' , aperently the loanword came into german after many germans in central europe copied some `` laws '' if you want from the local celts . 
   because not everyone coming here is some clichee fanatist religious idiot . 
  because it takes a fanatist religious idiot to not integrate . 
  thats ridiculous . 
  people dont integrate because thats not their culture . 
  integration is not a natural thing for humans . 
  throughout histories migrating people have always brought their culture . 
   can not return to their former home region for at least a few years and chances are they dont want to either if they make the track to middle europe . 
  you dont live in germany for a couple of years to then move back to rebuild a country after a war . 
   yeah , so give the them a chance . 
  we have before , it hasnt worked . 
   yep , am friends with a couple of them as well . 
  anecdotal evidence , if you follow my posts you might realize that i had that in my very own family . 
  but that doesnt mean its a universal truth . 
  the more people come the less likley they integrate . 
  also what is integration to you and what is integration to me is probably not the same thing . 
  in my opinion to be integrated you need to accept your host nations identity . 
   you might to also want to take a look at the many people who actually managed to integrate properly , and who thus are - ironically - not really noticed as `` foreigners '' anymore by many . 
  see above . 
  if you have proof that this group is a large one , then id like to see that . 
  a little bit of optimism wouldnt hurt . 
  however , i doubt it . 
  especialy with people that come in such large numbers . 
  bavaria isnt any better either . 
  bavarians means `` people from bohemia '' , so bavaria is `` land of the people form bohemia '' , which incidently is not in bohemia . 
  another fun fact , styria was named after the city of steyer , which is not in styria but in upper austria . 
  k\u00e4rnten is named after an old slavic kingdom called carinthia . 
  vienna doesnt actually come from vindobona as many stupid history teachers will tell you anyway . 
  also the name austria might be realy fucking old . 
  depending on your take on it . 
  ostarrichi in itself is a term that is pretty old , but some historians claim that the pre roman name of austria , norig ( or noricum as the romans called it ) actually also means austria . 
  the german word `` reich '' is actually not a german word at all but a gaulish loanword , meaning pretty much the same thing . 
  so one austrian historian theorized that norrig or `` nor '' - `` rig '' means `` east realm '' doestn help it basically had the same borders as austria does today .
