  they are all passionate individuals who , first and foremost , do it to secure their future and do not pursue a larger military career . 
  but as such , they bring with themselves a very different mindset . 
  you need these kinds of people aswell . 
  i for one am sure that they would not have considered joining the military if they werent drafted before . 
  it shows you what the military is like , it puts you through boot camp . 
  european countries arent like the us . 
  i cant talk about scandinavia but in central europe , the military isnt shown nealry as much respect as it is in the us or perhaps the uk . 
  the only way you can get more people in the military without conscription is by offering them alot of money . 
  and even then , you quite ofthen get those people that have nowhere else to go which realy isnt what you want , especialy if you mostly engage in peacekeeping missions . 
  from a personal standpoint i can also say that getting drafted might not be that usefull to you . 
  ok , thats a pretty weak argument , but everyone i know that did military service in my country , even if they didnt enjoy it ( because lets face it , there is little to enjoy about beeing shouted at and crawling around in the mud ) they at least had stories to share . 
  if you meet someone who was also drafted , chances are you can talk for hours upon hours just about that . 
  those guys that did civil service ( an alternative to the military service which takes a bit longer but gets you more money , which to be honest still isnt nearly enaugh ) just tend to look at you like you are out of your mind getting excited about telling everyone about your mud crawling adventures . 
  granted that all isnt much of an argument , its personal preference . 
  but i felt like sharing it nevertheless . 
  its an expirience you cant get any other way . 
  it doesnt ? 
  for one thing , migrants will eventually be able to work if they stay , companies tend to think long term . 
  and no , they are not just strengtheened and weakened by lawmakers . 
  if there are more potential workers , that means there is more people vying for the same job , which in terms mean they can decrease wages . 
  pretty simple stuff actually . 
  makes perfect sense too . 
  yeah , obviously amazon would like mass immigration , means workers have even less power . 
  amazon would quite like that . 
  why is nothing that ever happens in sweden something i aprove of ? 
  whatever , i personally have a modern name and i dont like it alot . 
  i feel like alot of these fashion fad names eventually bite you in the ass . 
  for me its not as bad as `` justin '' but im still pretty sure that alot of those `` modern '' names will in time just sound realy weird , while traditional names remain consistent . 
  well you could also have paralell societies that lead to poverty and educational seperation , the creation of a new class ( which is likley to be poorer than any other ), 
  quite beautifull , not a country you think about alot . 
  a stance one should change . 
  beauty lies in almost all countries . 
  i would say that i cant answer that . 
  since many painters were realy good at one particular thing . 
  i remember that russian one that got posted here that did nothing but paint the sea in ways no one else could . 
  so i argue the question should not be who was the greatest painter overall but who was the greatest painter for some specific thing . 
   which is a prerequisite for any form of successful migration citation needed . 
  heterogenity is no gurantee for integration . 
  it is just a way with putting up with no integration , or assimilation , happening . 
  regulating immigration to a point that assimilation is required simply because ghettoization is impossible tends to work way better . 
   you know , successful at attracting talent from other countries . 
  which is why the us and australia rank that much higher in general education than europe . 
  oh wait , they dont . 
  what europe needs is the possibility to * employ * the massive ammount of experts and academics it produces , this should be our goal . 
   they accommodate more readily those from other backgrounds than we do ourselves , who still nurse a sense of our homogeneity and difference from others . 
  which implies that this is something we want . 
  experts will integrate due to their work . 
  the us and australia are immigrant countries . 
  ethnic homogenity is no issue to them because there was never any to begin with . 
  the same isnt true for europe . 
  europe isnt even a country , europe is a conglomerate of countries and you can not simply ignore the history that these countries and peoples share . 
  so freedom of movement is more important than the identities and histories of the european nations ? 
  important to make note of yes . 
  at least he is not hiding these goals . 
  but it is important to have them in mind when listening to anything he says . 
  many people might agree with him . 
  but i for one dont . 
  as you said yourself , his background is that of a businessman . 
  i dont want to put words in his mouth , but i can only imagine that cultural cohesion , ethnicity , tradition and national states have been to him , as a businessman , nothing more than a hinderance . 
  this is kind of obvious isnt it ? 
  the economic `` upside '' of the refugee influx , if such an upside exists , is not going to benefit the average german . 
  in fact , if hes on the lower end of the spectrum its more likley to damage his life . 
  the only way that low educated people with poor language skills are to be integrated into the labour market of a high performing country like germany is to diminish minimum wage and social benefits . 
  the `` benefit '' would go to domestic companies now having a larger pool of potential workers to recruit from , this transfers power from the worker to the employer , obviously . 
  in general this is `` good '' for the economy . 
  but so was the industrial revolution . 
  well it shouldnt be but alot of online journalism basically boils down to that . 
  my thought aswell . 
  this will cause only a further rift . 
  but then again , it is not the job of the press to help the political climate of the country , it is their job to get alot of clicks . 
  to an even furhter extent how the central european media treats eastern europe . 
  attempting to blackmail a bunch of countries that up untill recently were forced to be satelite states of an authoritarian government . 
  that sure is going to make them sympathetic to your cause . 
  so you think this hitting the poorest of austrians is a * good * thing ? 
  the people already struggling to stay afloat ? 
  well you could argue people already use that . 
  i mean the `` crazy christian lunatic '' americans certainly isnt unheard of hear . 
  in fact , whenever people discuss americans here its either `` crazy right wing christians '' or `` gun obsessed fatties '' as for the germans : comparing germans to nazis is incredibly common , way more than comparing your average turk to isis so realy thats not an argument . 
  as for mexicans : isnt that a real thing either ? 
  people afraid to go to mexico because of the drug vioelence ? 
  id certainly be carefull around those parts . 
  for what its worth , when comparing turkey with the examples you have given , i would argue that the other countries are way more confronted with the negative connotations . 
  and by the way . 
  germany doesnt support any nazis , unless there are still some hiding on the moon or whatever . 
  im not so sure with turkey . 
  let me just translate to you what `` aufschwung '' means in this case . 
  something like a boost for our non german speaking redditors . 
  in fact , i dont think i need to tell you because quite literaly the first paragraph of that article already says it . 
   new records in unemployment it means we get alot more workers . 
  but these wont all have jobs , the reason for the `` economic boost '' is * not * that we have alot of people that will all get jobs . 
  what will hapepn is that the job market will be flooded with low level workers , which means more competition on the job market which equals lower wages . 
  which in terms is good for the economy , bad for the people . 
  yes there are some new jobs created due to the refugees but the job demand created by them greatly outweighs that . 
  in short : any `` positive '' that comes from that is not a positive for the average austrian . 
  thats not realy an argument in favor of that is it ? 
  if they already have that many immigrants . 
  chances are they dont want any more . 
  im not disagreeing with you all im saying is that its not that simple . 
  quite a few of them will continue to live that way and to teach that way to their children . 
  implying !,
