  for one thing , this is a problem in the muslim societies . 
  it can not be solved from the outside . 
  the west has tried , many many times and it never works . 
  radical islam needs to be changed from within or it becomes even worse . 
  every time the west tried to force the middle east to be peacefull it became more warlike . 
  you cant change a culture from the outside . 
  but somehow , especialy european muslim societies become incredibly silent everytime an attack happens . 
   also , they have to understand that a refugee can not choose the country he 'll live in if they come here , they already did , afterall they did not stop in safe non eu countries along the way . 
   if they 're not happy about it or move to another country , deport them back right outside europe . 
  but thats not happening . 
  if youve been on / r/europe the last couple of weeks youll realize that everytime they try to put em to poland or the czech republic they keep coming back to germany . 
   if they have safe empty zones then we should set up camps there but let 's be honest , we should also financially support those camps , some countries do which is what ive been saying , this costs way less money than housing them here , it also requires way less dangeorus traveling . 
   it 's not their problem until they start knocking at their door . 
  well technically it isnt . 
  the west decided it was their problem out of altruism . 
  the gulf states decided it isnt . 
   i would prefer that it was n't our freedom . 
  summed up niceley . 
  at this point , all that is beeing done fucks over europeans and doesnt do shit to prevent actual terrorist attacks . 
  what are legit refugees ? 
  its such a non term . 
  by law that would require political persecution . 
  or do you mean fleeing from a war zone ? 
  what about lebanon and turkey beeing safe countries ? 
  what about the fact that the women are aperently still there ? 
  its always easy to say `` just filter out the bad ones '' but its not that easy.how do you discern who is a legit refugee ? 
  you make it all sound so easy . 
  why not spend those limited resources in lebanon where you could build up way more than here with the same money without importing their problems . 
   uhm , source ? 
  so far there is nothing known off the identity of the terrorists and where they came from . 
  [ not the best source but the one i got ] ( http://mobil.krone.at/phone/kmm__1/story_id__482104/sendung_id__32/story.phtml ), 
  well you called me a nazi about pointing out that the other post is bullshit . 
  i think its bullshit to make this about muslims . 
  that doesnt make me a nazi . 
  that makes me sensible . 
  im disgusted for people already using this for their ideology and im disgusted at people going full apologist . 
  and you were specifically speaking about refugees . 
  which is another can of worms entierly which you cant blame me for because you opened it . 
  i got ta say i have a spark of feeling responsible . 
  one of the shooters went through a refugee route in austria , we didnt stop him . 
  so that alone is something i get pissed about . 
  and about the whole `` entire group '' thing . 
  its a religion , quit acting like its an ethnicity . 
  salafism is shit , im open in saying that . 
  i dont care if not all salafists kill people , they are a shit religion . 
  if you live in the west , there is no excuse to be a salafist , in the west no government forces you to become a salafist . 
  oh yeah sure , nazi party . 
  hyperbole much ? 
  i for one didnt kill anyone today . 
  but im the nazi here . 
  the goal of the attacks is the same goal all guerilla attacks have : to paralyze your opponent with fear , to keep him from acting . 
  which is exactly what we are doing right now . 
  `` think about x '' and at the same time dont do shit . 
  cracking down on the locals doesnt prevent terrorist attacks . 
  theyll highjack this , sureley they will . 
  they think europe is weak . 
  when i read the news , hell , we might just be . 
  they are a culture of power , they have only disdain for the weak . 
  look at the targets they chose . 
  concerts and restaurants . 
  what europe needs to do is show strength . 
  not weakness . 
  `` pray for paris '' is nonsense . 
  the response should be agression , not introverison . 
  its islams problem . 
  i agree . 
  we cant fix it ourselves . 
  so we must force the muslim communities to fix it . 
  we cant just hope they will . 
  because they dont . 
  oh right . 
  i guess many people dont know how many central eastern or eastern european countries are actually part of the eu, 
  already has been . 
  feels before facts . 
  on facebook ive seen people already posting articles declaring the muslims the true victims again . 
  cant say no bad about their precious little babies . 
  well you cant compare arab immigrnats to native muslim europeans like bulgarian muslims , polish tartars or bosniaks . 
  muslims . 
  interresting !, 
  i did not know that !, 
  now that article is just rich . 
  it combines everything i hate about this type of person . 
  excusing behaviour by the refugee by pointing out that germans somehow are also bad , just not as bad , and as a result refugees behaviour should be completley unobjectionable . 
  the part of `` new values '' is the typical vague newspeak you hear from postmodernists everywhere . 
  what are those new values ? 
  maybe germans should value women even less ? 
  is this what we should take away from this article ? 
  since this article already insists that the treatment of women is bad , but also claims this is not illegal ( id challenge both those claims ) fools like these are responsible for the situation germany is in , not the refugee situation , but the resistance to any form of criticism of the refugee crisis . 
  seeking the question of guilt , if there even is such a thing , with the german population . 
  its particulary hillarious that its an american expat of all people talking about this . 
  in my opinion , the opposit has been shown by history : integration is not good enaugh , for a coherent society : assimilate or leave . 
  no , the germany that exists now . 
  read the other post . 
  germany decided that the german nation is no longer tied to ethnicity . 
  so no , according to germany , we arent germans . 
  you cant have the cake and eat it . 
  either you are germany , or were all germans and you are a glorified prussia . 
  i always love it how germans want to rub this in our faces . 
  germans made that descision long ago , they made it long before ww1 , when they decided that prussia was the horse to bet on . 
  on one hand , you want to define who is german , on the other hand you get mad when austrians go their own way and succeed in doing so .
