  weirdly enaugh , originally `` moor '' was considered derogatory while `` neger '' was considered neutral . 
  this , sadly , these two things alike but they arent the same . 
  neger just means `` black '' in latin . 
  then again the american equivalent , negro , isnt exactly in common use either . 
  dont think they are still called that . 
  they ofthen go as `` schwedenbomben '' ( swedish bombs ) we do have mohr im hemd tho . 
  ( moor in a shirt ), 
  because the public narrative was that the greeks are lazy bastards who brought this upon themselves . 
  personally , i was fooled aswell , fully admit that . 
  check my post history, 
  someone has summed it up niceley the other day . 
  `` germany doesnt want to do good , germany wants to look good '' germany wants to live up to its own standard of beeing the `` good guy '' , anything else is just trying to justify it . 
  well yes thats true , but not in the way you think it is . 
  they dont flee certain death , they flee from bad conditions in turkey because they have been told that its better in europe ( it isnt ) people that are fleeing certain death are people that are politically persecuted , however talking about those people is unfashionable these days . 
  emotional arguments like yours get us nowhere . 
  good thing the majority of / r/europe isnt either . 
   inferiority complex oh yeah , that old bullshit . 
  how come everytime someone runs out of points to make in a discussion about germany they accuse us of having an inferiority complex . 
  what fucking for ? 
  right now , austria is way better off than germany . 
  there is a friendly rivalry between us yes , and yes right now alot of austrians are pissed off at germany . 
  but thats less because of an inferiority complex and more because they were spying on us and also keep messing with the eu . 
  you obviously dont understand the point im making and are just trying to bait out a stupid response at this point . 
   why are you so angry ? 
  the good old `` imply the other guy lost his temper '' one . 
  im not angry , im perfectly calm , why do you think im angry ? 
   what did it have to do with the `` germany '' back then ? 
  specify which germany you talk about . 
  if you talk about the holy roman empire : that one encompassed all german speaking areas . 
  yeah , that has nothing to do with the germany we have now . 
  again , by that logic pretty much any country in western europe could call itself germany . 
  well i dont own a newspaper . 
  all i can do is tell people i know , which i am doing . 
  well the name of germany isnt . 
  because germany isnt realy `` germany '' ; its a country that contains alot of germans but not all of em . 
  it realy doesnt have much more claim to the name germany than swizerland does . 
  `` germans '' the whole country is a bloody misnomer . 
  oh yeah , sure , europes fault again isnt it . 
  no , that sketch is shit . 
  somoene tries to illegally cross the mediteranean and dies , totaly europes fault . 
  but that doesnt change the fact that a german ethnictiy exists . 
  germany obviously can not define itself as the country of ethnic germans becaus ento all ethnic germans are part of germany . 
  can the narrative finally start to crumble ? 
  because its such an obvious thing . 
  germans are the largest european ethnic group but that doesnt mean they arent an ethnic group . 
  so i figured you wanted to make a point here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germans you could literaly look it up on wikipedia . 
  but i doubt that will suffice for you . 
  i sense that this is about ideology for you isnt it ? 
  there is a german ethnic group . 
  just because `` germany '' is called `` germany '' doesnt mean it gets to decide what is german and what isnt . 
  there is something like an ethnic german . 
  which this guy arguably is . 
  since his mother is german . 
  how many damn german rappers are joining isis ? 
  i mean , probably for the better , german rap is ridiculous . 
  good article . 
  summed up very well . 
  well i mereley pointed out what you said . 
  holy shit not even talking about h\u00e4upl that drunk loon , he should worry more about losing his grip on reality instead of losing his grip on his spritzwein . 
  as for the \u00d6vp : if it wasnt for kurz id generaly say they werent ever in touch with reality to begin with . 
  also agreed , faymann was never fit to be chancellor . 
  i dont know what it is with the sp\u00d6 as of late , outside of voves ( who now managed to fail his way out of landeshauptmann ) i cant think of a single sp\u00d6 politicans i actually trust to some degree . 
  this . 
  what the fuck people , we dont need more of them . 
  this is not our doing and not our responsibility to deal with . 
  the part about german arrogance truly does hit the nail on the head doesnt it ? 
  shows how important language is . 
  pretty much this . 
  the eu realizes they cant do it , so the countires individually build fences to fuck each other over , while at the same time beeing too pussy to admit that we got ta properly protect our outer border . 
  our politicians are hypocrits . 
  but its better than nothing . 
  still id prefer if we actually would secure our outer borders not our inner eu borders , that just leads to mistrust . 
  but still better than doing nothing !, 
  but in all seriousness its time we see an sp\u00d6 without faymann . 
  we are a top country ? 
  what ? 
  according to the statistics ive seen on / r/austria this is not the case at all !, 
  what a democratic person that erdogan is . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  by this rate , hell fit right in with the eus current leadership . 
  im talking about ww2 era songs . 
  verbotsgesetz is for one thing pretty looseley defined . 
  things like a hitler salute or a swastika are strictly forbidden but the rest is ... a matter of a case by case basis . 
  you could go to jail for singing a nazi song provided you get unlucky . 
  if publically yes . 
  it would pretty much be a hate crime by anyone . 
  you dont need to be a nazi sympathizer , if you call for the death of a specific people thats a crime one way or another . 
  this is funny , because sympathizing with nazis is a crime . 
  nice doublethink germany . 
  thats weird . 
  its not realy `` higher '' , and on a map its further south . 
  took you a day for for that eloquent response ? 
  you were the one who conflated unwillingness to integrate with religious fanatism . 
  if anything , you are the xenophobe here . 
  not born a dane . 
  he has the citizenship of his mother . 
  and this all makes you realize how big a hypocrit the eu realy is when you consider how `` we '' dealt with greece . 
  well , probably not . 
  pathetic , pathetic .
