  thanks for the history lesson . 
  heres one for you : germany decided that the german nation is no longer determined by ethincity . 
  you cant blame us for not sticking to it then . 
  when germany decided to retain that name after world war 2 and the v\u00f6lkerrecht was installed in a way that `` german '' was tied to the national state of germany , austria developed its own identity . 
  look , i know alot of germans still havent gotten over the fact that since ww2 we developed our own national pride while half of germany still hates themselves . 
  but this is far from our fault is it ? 
  implying germany hasnt ruined that term for everyone now . 
  thats the difference between actually helping and wanting to look good . 
  european nations right now are all about appearing as a saviour , when in reality europe cant accomodate most of the people . 
  if wed instead help them in lebanon for example wed be able to do way more with the same money without having to import their problems into our countries . 
  implying . 
  you mean beeing part of the holy roman empire , just like you were . 
  not quite the same as beeing part of * germany * but again : humor . 
  not known for your understanding of humors you germans , isnt that right ? 
  i think austria needs to take bavaria back . 
  highly debateable . 
  our historical ties to germany are either war or hitler ... 
  bosniaks are muslim bosnians . 
  bosnians is a catch em all term for people from bosnia . 
  i was about to say this . 
  by hungarian law ( and eu law ) they are illegal , what kinda weird implication is this ? 
  if anyhting , the word `` refugee '' is questionable . 
  as quite a few of them are proven to be not that . 
  more bosnians in austria then people from montenegro . 
  i personally know quite a few bosnians , not a single person from montenegro . 
  also historical ties you know . 
  and then her insurance fees climb up . 
  or maybe shes just in a spot where she cant afford it . 
  i prefer free healthcare or state financed insurance any day . 
  your sister will also have more hours than you , less offtime and when she has medical issues shell have to pay up . 
  i for one am glad im not over there . 
  i think europeans made the right choice when they chose free time over money . 
  have you actually raed the article or are you just trying to be a smartass ? 
  facebook claimed there were no german laws violated , so for what its worht , we have biased facebook and a biased german government . 
  there has been very little about the actual german * police * in that article.n furthermore the article talks about xenophobic comments . 
  if there was no wiederbet\u00e4tigung in there , then that is indeed very vague . 
  i for one am tired of condescending germans . 
   not some kind of facebook admins this is literaly about a facebook admin . 
   also , very rarely you will find a commenter complaining about censorship , that has actual experience with being censored . 
  now thats a good one . 
  think about it for a minute . 
   if someone stepped over the boundaries of legality if germany is anything like austria , what is legal and what is not is highly vague in the verbotsgesetz . 
  yes , because reddit knows exactly what happens if you let em do that : admins decide what is and what isnt offensive and just silence any dissent . 
  this is why censorship for any reason is a problem : it will be abused by those that have the power to censor . 
  the german gestapo is at it again !, 
  i am not surprised . 
  well they ar eall alemanns right . 
  you could argue that vorarlbergians are that , but only in austria , they are simmilar to the swiss , which i suppose makes em different . 
  alot of people do that yeah . 
  but id prefer if they wouldnt be dicks about it . 
   the local xenophobic funny how you attempt to lecture me on english and then you write stuff like that . 
  oh nice , thats condescending as fuck . 
  definition according to wikipedia :  xenophobia is the fear of that which is perceived to be foreign or strange oh look !, 
  you are full of shit !, 
  who knew . 
  refrain from insulting my intelligence in the future . 
   not many south tyrol is primarily german speaking . 
  this guy is a liar . 
  probably an italian in disguise . 
  holy shit , no !, 
  anything but an italian !, 
  im way too short as it is . 
  teutoburg forest best day of my life !, 
  no , xenophobia is beeing afraid of things that are different from you , whic is normal human behaviour . 
  all christians are christian . 
  is that racism ? 
  no , immigrants are not a race so it isnt racist , you dont get to define what is and what isnt racism . 
  what ? 
  i see no reason to think that the czech medical system is insufficient . 
  the kids were getting treatement in the czech republic they werent in germany . 
  what kind of balooney logic is this ? 
  solid logic, 
  doesnt change the situation , doesnt make it any better . 
   racists yeah , thats not any better . 
  people criticising this arent racists . 
  and ive said it before , this isnt black and white . 
  this in particular might be , these people are assholes . 
  but other migrants ? 
  they do what works , id do it to . 
  but that doesnt mean i have to support them . 
  they do it because it works , but it works against my interrest . 
  moralizing wont help , neither does accusing people of racism . 
  based france, 
  i dont think ive got to say anyhting here . 
  thats just disgusting . 
  at least it was only one of the families . 
  putting their children at risk , or more to the point : denying them help , because you greedily want to go to germany ? 
  thats just pathetic . 
  good !, 
  this would be a very good start !, 
  great minds think alike !, 
  he was ethnically serbian i guess ? 
  i mean none of the countries still exist anymore but the nationality of `` serb '' does , so i guess its best you say hes a serb . 
  vodka means water tho . 
  here its beeing sold as cypriot cheese so , yeah , we know at least . 
  croissant which people think is french and lederhosen which people think is german . 
  ( well lederhosen originally came from spain but it was pushed to its popularity and current shape by the austrian kaiser ), 
  why would you write it any other way than the german way tho ? 
  thats the only one you can do in one sweep . 
  i guess the dutch way is kinda simmilar .
