  it doesnt help anyone when its public once everything is decided . 
  is austria ... ... racist ... in the eu ... safe ... the same as australia that last one !, 
  nothing about mongolians . 
  booo !, 
   she did n't . 
  she criticized that hungary is the wrong country to do so , the refugees are not entering europe in hungary , and she criticized how hungary did it . 
  yes !, 
  yes they are !, 
  they are entering through hungary !, 
  not all of then enter via greece . 
  hungary -  austria -  germany you realized hungary gets the secon highest per capita asylum applications right after sweden ? 
   hm , where and when ? 
  after our foreign minister kurz proposed pretty much that he was heavily criticsed from the german side . 
  not much more to say on this . 
   just pushing the refugee trek around between countries in the balkans , ca n't be a solution . 
  and a competition in who deters refugees the best , also not . 
  this does n't mean that she not also wants to strictly limit the number of people coming to europe . 
  you do forget the blatant hypocrisy on her part . 
   merkel always supported the better sealing of the schengen outside borders , and insisted on dublin-iii very long no she didnt . 
  she suspended it , seemingly without telling the hungarians first . 
  and as for  that it stopped to work , is partially because of a competition to deter refugees and populist politics in some countries , but also because these countries just could n't take the burden anymore . 
  by which you mean what merkel did herself . 
  it was her populism that invited these people and it was germany that couldnt bear the burden . 
  also hungary and greece but merkel had only criticsm for them , while they stood with dublin 3 . 
   this does n't mean that she not also wants to strictly limit the number of people coming to europe . 
  things merkel says and things merkel does . 
  i for one would call that back pedaling . 
  first saying `` we can do this '' and then going `` no we cant '' isnt `` having always had that in mind '' its `` trial and error ''  germany would still take   25 % of all distributed refugees . 
  how generious of her . 
  so the rest of europe only has to bear 75 % of the burden that germany set on them . 
  now thats polemic but its not exactly wrong . 
  i for one wont be mad at any eastern european that feels cheated by germany at this point . 
   not sheltering and giving food to refugees i would love to have actual proof of this . 
  cause i dont buy it . 
   can only process 2-3 refugees an hour what would be a better solution ? 
  they need to be processed . 
  you need to adress the issue of nationality . 
  that problem would be solved by giving more support to hungary so they could make more centers in which asylum seekers can apply , shifting the workload instead of not going that route at all . 
   taken out of context now thats not true . 
  when german speaks of divine missions and `` we can do this '' i hardly see it as her beeing misrepresented here . 
   this is something also germany demands . 
  not the orban way , but between greece and turkey in a way according to international humanitarian law . 
  and what would be a more humane way ? 
  hungary built a fence . 
  thats crude but ultimatley a fence does not hurt anyone who doesnt try to climb it . 
   for the first - yes , this is a huge problem in germany id like to double down on that . 
  deportation needs to be completley reworked . 
  right now , if they dont know where they actually come from , they have no way of actually deporting them . 
  they need to rework the entire system to make it faster . 
   this ca n't legally be done at the border - but sure this is checked pretty well , e.g. 
  with linguist experts . 
  the chances to get asylum in germany by claiming to be syrian for sure exist , but they are very low . 
  i would agree with you ( see above ) however the problem is that once they are in , you wont get rid of them . 
  in sweden they are already disappearing off the grid . 
  and where do you deprot them if they have no passport ? 
  if they claim to be syrian but you can prove they arent / they cant prove they are . 
  what do you do ? 
  you cant deport them to syria , that would be acknowledging that they are syrian and thus eligible for refugee status . 
   geneva asylum is granted in germany for 3 years , then the situation is reconsidered . 
  yeah but thats not gon na happen . 
  not ever gon na happen . 
  syria is too far away , it worked with refugees from the balkans but it wont with syria . 
  as soon as the first children are born in germany absolutley nobody will be in favor of deporting them . 
   i do n't think this is legally possible , but well - i would n't be opposed to that . 
  but this would mean a much higher integration of the eu in respect to criminal justice - i do n't think the eeu countries want that . 
  but well , then there could still be financial support for those duties . 
  it wouldnt neccesarily have to mean to apply them somewhere else legally , rather see it as a way of outsourcing prison space . 
  small countries simply dont have that many prisons . 
  hungary and austria arent all that big . 
   that she acted in an emergency situation , which must be resolved as soon as possible , is not . 
  how she acts now is something that remains to be seen . 
  she seems to be pushing for her quota mostly which is ignoring most of eastern europe . 
  and lets face it . 
  she caused this large influx . 
  eastern europe will not accept her terms . 
   because they will have kids who will go to german schools and will speak german as their first language . 
  they will get jobs and pick up language skills and other skills too . 
  they 're not all mentally challenged . 
  proove it . 
  you think the majority of lets say turks are fully integrated into german society ? 
  nope . 
  and when you get such a large wave even less so . 
  i live in an area with alot of foreigners and i can tell you that integration is their last concern . 
   that is n't a settled matter and there are compelling arguments on both sides of the issue . 
  how isnt it ? 
  they wont bring germany money : they need to be housed , they need to be fed and they need to be taught german before they can even start to work . 
  disregarding the fact that germany already has unemployment . 
   you just have to deal with the financial burden of paying for all those retirees when they 're still alive , you just have to deal with the financial burden of all these reufgees . 
  same argument . 
  refugees will not save germanys technological advantage either . 
  they dont even speak germand and teaching them will take a long time . 
   france and britain are set to be the leading nations of europe by 2050 because their economies and population will be significantly larger than germany 's . 
  citation needed . 
  also , this clearly shows that refugees boost your economy . 
  afterall britain is known for taking so many refugees in comparison to germany . 
  if the refugees are so usefull , why does germany want to redistribute them anyway ? 
  your argument has alot of holes in it . 
  bordering to hungary , most people come through hungary . 
  i didnt say `` eu outer border countries '' point taken tho . 
  i see this argument all the time but nobody has yet explained to me how a bunch of uneducated ( relativeley speaking , the skills they acquired in their country will only transfer in meanial jobs as education standards differ ) foreigners that dont speak the language will somehow fix this .
