   vorarlberg i can see why , they wanted to be part of swizerland after ww2 . 
  and local dialect is actually more interresting for a linguist . 
  `` wald '' is the word everywhere cause thats standard german . 
  nobody here says `` wald '' , they mean `` wald '' but they dont pronounce it that way . 
  they say woid . 
  or would . 
  i like that this includes bavarian as its own thing . 
  now thats next level comfy . 
  yeah , that provides you actually find these people . 
  the closer the country is , the more likley they actually want to go back there . 
  and yeah , getting all those ... how many are there now ? 
  about a million right ? 
  yeah thats gon na be affordable . 
  just fly a million unwilling people to syria . 
  geography mostly . 
  going back to the balkans from germany isnt hard . 
  going back to syria ? 
  when you do not * want * to go back ? 
  yeah , thats gon na happen . 
  oh i wonder why they could possibly say that there is no link between the sex attacks and the crisis that they caused . 
  while it may not be the worst movie , afterall it has pretty nice effects and some well done characters ( well , one ) , it still has * that * ending that i couldnt make up any more ridiculous and out of place if i tried . 
  mabye not the worst rated but it has to be the worst . 
  ok , spoilers below . 
  this is a movie thats basically a spoof of `` the thing '' with oldschool monster effects and all that . 
  sounds great in theory . 
  the reason for me saying its probably the worst movie made in my country is because of its ending , and i wish i was making this up . 
  the movie ends with the hero having a child with his dog , a dog human hybrid . 
  this is portrayed as a good thing . 
  i couldnt make it up if i tried . 
   hite people outnumber arabs at least . 
  its europe , that doesnt realy surprise you does it ? 
  we are talking long term here . 
   the uk has not seen the same mass influx of young male middle eater and north africa migrants that germany has seen . 
  i was taking the uk as an example , most european countries do . 
  you sure ? 
  cause rigt now my government horks on about a cap of 30k a year , which wont happen anyway . 
  we got 8million people right now . 
  you tell me thats insignificant ? 
  it might sound insignificant on paper untill you realize that almost noone gets deported and the ammount of people looking for asylum is only going up . 
  look i got no problem with asking for sources , but at this point when something this obvious gets pointed out , asking for soruce just seems like a reason to delay the discussion . 
  so i found some statistics from the uk but thats from 2011 aka before the whole bunch of young male middle eastern and north african migrants arrived http://www.neighbourhood.statistics.gov.uk/htmldocs/censusethnicity/ethnicity.html http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2013/may/16/uk-census-religion-age-ethnicity-country-of-birth tl ; dr muslims are young , christians are old , number of muslims is growing . 
  also there are alot of young chinese people for some reason . 
  how is it not related ? 
  i was exagrating obviously , its not `` next generation '' but some future generation down the line . 
   the muslims in europe are a small minority . 
  only if you dont understand demographics , they are not a small minority in the demographic between 16 and 25 . aka young people . 
  aka the people that will run the country when this generation retires . 
   merkel got a huge popularity boost from it that lasted months i dont buy that for a minute . 
  you better be able to back up that claim . 
   right before nye , even after all of those migrants reached germany , 50 % of the people still agreed with merkels policies . 
  right before nye , as in when the press still kept things under covers , 50 % of people already disagreed with merkel . 
  thats pretty bad for her . 
  pretty much yeah . 
  its a classical tactic of supression actually : controll the language , controll the narrative . 
  i dont like calling it `` fear of change '' ; this makes it sound irrational . 
  it also makes the change sound inevitable . 
  both is wrong . 
  it is rational to fear a change for the worse , and no , that change does not have to happen . 
  hes right in the sense that yeah , they wont change . 
  however i disagree with his neutral stance on that . 
  i understand why he has it . 
  but in my opinion its not something that britain , or any other european country for that matter , should put up with . 
   i have had discussions with hard leftists who claim that all cultures are equal and should be celebrated . 
  cultural relativism isnt neccesarily wrong . 
  if you apply moral relativism . 
  that however does mean you have to say `` if women beeing second class citizens is their culture then thats fine '' , most of these people will * not * do that . 
  this is what i mean when they are so immersed in their culture they dont understand others . 
  they think they respect other cultures , but they dont . 
  they respect wearing hijab and they respect not eating pork . 
  they dont understand that culture isnt food and dress or music . 
  culture is how you aproach life , how you value different things . 
   there is also no reason that all cultures will be compatible with each other simply because of very basic ideological differences . 
  exactly , and these people do not understand enaugh about other cultures to realize that . 
  they think culture is just a coat of paint . 
  very important point . 
  ironically , they are so immersed in their own culture that they do not see how anyone could be any different to them . 
  i like it . 
  more of this stuff . 
  it may sound petty , but its a clear statement : our ( delicious meatball ) culture is here to stay . 
  especialy since its a reaciton to a ban that used to be in place . 
  headline is of coruse complete nonsense . 
  half a million men each year also wouldnt solve anything . 
  if you want to solve a demographic crisis you need women . 
  this isnt selective memory . 
  nobody talks about ignoring the worse bits . 
  well no shit . 
  we are proud of imperial austria aswell . 
  that whole `` colonialism was terrible '' thing actually isnt as popular as its made out to be . 
  yes , terrible things did happen . 
  but in general people like to look back at a glorious past . 
  and there is nothing wrong with it . 
  we also speak german in austria you know ? 
  as a result the same is true for us . 
  chemistry masters are tho . 
   stem field living in a german speaking country , most of our stem masters are in english . 
  sounds weird to me aswell . 
  especialy since swizerland has a siginificant ammount of anglo people living there . 
  i honestly didnt expect that . 
  i mostly think germany beeing the bigger business nation would have more people speaking english . 
  then you dont know alot turth beeing told .
