  and lets face it , that vision was wrong . 
  there is * no * upside to the refugee crisis , there was never ever anyhting to gain from this . 
  taking in migrants was never ever a better solution than caring for them in the countries right next to syria . 
  all it did was feed money into those opportunistic groups that now demand huge sums to actually house the refugees because there were no accomodations prepared when merkel decided to invite half of the worlds population . 
  well so far this side has been not only neglected but ridiculed and villified . 
  i realy wouldnt be particulary concerned about the feelings of the left at this point . 
  they need to realy think about what they did and how to fix the massive problems in their ranks . 
  right now , they are authoritarian , stubborn and resistant to a change in mind . 
  not to mention intolerant for all that they preach tolerance . 
  austria so far has followed the course of germany , france and a few left wing intellectuals at least in terms of the refugee crisis , that in combination with a bunch of economic liberals , weirdly enaugh , the left seems to have no problem with capitalists anymore as it has to focus on identity politics . 
  and if you ask me `` well why are you so upset about that '' then i have to tell you because i have voted left all my life and i am pissed off that realy have stopped caring about redistribution , social systems and education , instead focusing on playing favorites with various minority groups ( the best example of this beeing the red green nonsense coalition thats going on in vienna right now ), 
  edited again most likley , it definitly 100 % wasnt in the day after the newspaper came out . 
  deleted because they were africans , since then its been reedited again because people made a fuss in the comments . 
  curious , then they cahnged it back . 
  yugoslavian refugees were coming from a war zone across the border , means they were genuine refugees . 
  yugoslavian refugees were also more likeley to go back home and help their countires after the war because austria is right next to those countries . 
  the yugoslavian countries also have very simmilar cultures to austria which means integrating those that would stay is alot easier , thanks to a shared history . 
  none of this is true for the `` syrian '' `` refugees '' and you know what ? 
  if not wanting to import a bunch of people that were safe in five other countries already , that have a vastly different culture that will not integrate and that are not educated and thus not usefull for the country is xenophobic then so be it . 
  its their country , they can be `` xenophobic '' all they want , they get to make the call . 
  oh were they before ? 
  you mean by doing exactly what merkel tells them ? 
  despite the people that voted for them having a vastly different idea of what they should be doing ? 
  oh yeah , brave manly men they are for fighting against the opression that is democracy . 
  yeah but in this case the `` women can do no wrong '' narrative might be usefull for once . 
  oh yeah , more than enaugh space in an 8 million people country that mostly consists of uninhabitable mountain ranges , maybe you live in vienna and havent heard about that but austrias population density is only low because a large part of it can not be inhabited . 
   and muslims have assimilated perfectly well for hundreds of years and contributed greatly to austrian culture . 
  no they didnt !, 
  they never did , what kind of ridiculous notion is this !, 
  there is no muslim minoirty that has somehow magically integrated into austria before . 
  muslim settlers are a relativeley new thing . 
  unless you count austria hungary in this case : hungary was occupied by the ottomans , not exactly `` integration '' . 
   coffee we stole that , hungarian occupation  bakery slovenes are muslim now ... as for the academic sources : it was you who made some outrageous claims right now , burden of proof for those is on you . 
  well let me give you an anecdote about this one . 
  the whole article is actually pretty old , when i originally read it in the newspaper , the printed paper said the perpetrators ( 5 out of 6 ) were affricans ( tho it didnt specify what kind of africans , but i somehow imagine it wasnt a bunch of boers ) wanted to show this article to a friend of mine , turns out , the online version of the newspaper had immediatly deleted this . 
  no other article that reported on this had it in there either . 
  and how ? 
  this is not about political will , this is about space , money , food , housing , the ability to assimilate them . 
  thats a good tradition . 
   how did we cope with 100.000 last year ? 
  did we ? 
  as far as i can tell we still have issues with those . 
  and again , this is mostly about how to save greece aswell , yeah , walling it off would help us . 
  but were thinking about potential solutions without greece becoming syria 2.0 . 
  good point . 
  wait and see . 
  see if they finally managed to search their crotch for some testicles already . 
  well shit , guess you cant see less then nothing , so why not !, 
  i prefer double eyepatch to fancy glasses, 
  yeah this is the problem . 
  the eu plays by the rules while the migrants and turkey dont . 
  maybe we should stop doing that . 
  at this point i wouldnt be surprised if theres a dynasty of spineless politicians out there just getting each others in positions where they can be parasites . 
  we should empire again . 
  probably not . 
  seriously i cant even think of a way that the greek could survive this . 
  the way their coastline ( or the lack of a define coastline ) works makes it impossible to stop migration to their country . 
  the best way realy would be negative advertisement . 
  just take as many of the boats as you can and shove em back . 
  jail all the people traffickers you can find . 
  do not let them into the contries they dont want to get in . 
  in other words : make it not worth the trouble . 
  obviously not , that would require actually thinking about it . 
  well thats not fair , kurz did , and that was basically `` dont let them out of greece '', 
  well looks like our government is finally manning up , cant believe i lived to see that . 
  but good that they moan now , not when they suspended shengen . 
  oh thats embarassing !, 
  because there simply arent enaugh police officers , that simple . 
  sweden already has spread them very thin and if youve been following the news youd find out that they are already doing tons of unpaid overtime . 
  hmm , women , interresting . 
  this is going to be interresting . 
  male vigilante groups usually get treated and ridiculed like football hooligans . 
  in germany for example people were following around vigilantes and tried to bait them into violence . 
  women vigilantes will probably not get the same treatment . 
  and then theyd probably put you in jail for disagreeing with frau merkel !, 
  austrias pm is a pushover who doesnt even have a degree , he has no opinion of his own and is generally seen as the worst candidate his party has brought up in many years . 
  nobody takes him seriously , sadly , not just here , but also abroad , hes a pushover , a weakling and first and foremost a traitor . 
  the things he said ? 
  he said them to impress his masters who he thought were his friends . 
  but he was wrong about that to . 
  to merkel and juncker , hes mereley a lackey , they have no more respect for him than anyone else does . 
  since the eu is known to sanction countries for democratically electing certain parties , yes , there is a point beeing `` offended '' by that . 
  sadly i got ta agree . 
  well , faymann is not liked here very well anymore , hes basically merkels lapdog . 
  and look !, 
  now hes beeing treated like a dog too !, 
  just that this realy isnt a practical solution as that would require letting thousands of people enter , then checking them , and then expelling them again , guess how well that works !, 
  they didnt like one of the democratically elected parties in austria . 
  very much agree with that rundown . 
  democracy ? 
  national self governance ? 
  better listen to our glorious leaders !, 
  also particulary hillarious that he cites `` transit countries '' , and what is austria ? 
  not a transit country ? 
  i guess in junckers mind germany doesnt exist ? 
  so all the refugees that leave austria go `` nowhere in particular '' . 
  also funny that the other transit countries seem to be with austria on this one . 
  they dont care about beeing right , they care about saving face . 
  right now , austria is doing germanys dirty work . 
  the less we let in here the less end up in germany .
