  but im not a muslim so its not my problem . 
  however i would argue that not saying `` this has nothing to do with islam '' everytime a bunch of islamic terrorists kill people would help a lot . 
  nothing happens and it goes down . 
  strongly disagreed . 
  the 9/11 hysteria was present in america , but in europe this is not a terrorism problem , its an ethnic problem . 
  people are no longer feeling at home in their countries , they see muslims as an alien force occupying their home countries . 
  and then muslim terrorist attacks happen , what do muslims do ? 
  `` nothing to do with islam '' , yeah , thats gon na help . 
  i fully admit that this is a simplistic view of the situation , but most people have simplistic views of things . 
  salafists are also muslims , you have to admit that , anything else is no true scotsman for one thing , im not gon na debate the quran with you here , but when salafism reasonates so well with so many people , whether or not your interpretation aligns with that realy doesnt matter . 
  enaugh people consider it to be islam , so it is . 
  i agree with saudi arabia beeing a corrupting influence especialy in more western muslim countries . 
  but that wasnt even my argument . 
  what is or is not islam realy doesnt help the muslims huge popularity issue within europe . 
  a letter to some terrorists ? 
  i didnt even know about this , and i doubt many europeans know about this either . 
  honestly i dont think that strongly worded letters will do the people living there any good , or the victims of terrorist attacks . 
  we are talking about fighters beeing recruited in mosques . 
  we are talking about childcare services beeing run in such a way to promote middle eastern values within europe , this has recently come to light in my own country . 
  im not just talking about the isis fighters , im talking about everyhting else going wrong with your religion . 
  im talking about the leniency of mainstream muslim organizations with these radical elements , things that make your average european wonder how `` radical '' these elements even are by islamic standards . 
  again this might not be your personal responsibility , but chances are you could be punished for it regardless . 
  if i was you , i would not act defensiveley , i would be mad , i would be mad that these things happen in europe . 
  because its these things that are to blame for you beeing hated . 
   but do you think , it makes things easier , if the world woulnd ' t give those crazy , self-justified terrorists a reason to do the shit they do youve said it yourself , there is no excuse , so it doesnt matter . 
  it doesnt matter for the dead in belgium that the us started an unjust war in the middle east . 
  so what do you want me to tell you ? 
  and honestly , ive said it before , this is not about fairness . 
  its not . 
  youve got yourself an image problem , thats a fact . 
  and pointing fingers at everyone else will just make you look even worse . 
  im not gon na tell you how to fix things , because if i was in your situation , i wouldnt have a clue , gladly im not . 
  but i can tell you as much : there are problems in the fractured muslim communities of europe . 
  and people are running out of patience with muslims as a whole . 
   he is not guilty to what happened in brussels no , and thats not the point im making . 
  and im not speaking for you , but you think you speak for the majority of europeans ? 
  you know what ? 
  europeans are losing their patience with muslims . 
  and most europeans dont know how many kinds of muslims there are . 
  face it , the truth is completley irrelevant here . 
  muslims are running out of time , they got ta do something about their image problem and they got ta do it fast . 
  this is what i meant when i said this is not a threat , you obviously did not understand it . 
  this is not a threat made by me to this guy , he didnt understand it , you dont either . 
  anti muslim sentiments are rising , and only muslims can change that , and if they dont things will get realy ugly for them realy fast . 
  this is not me threatening this guy with violence or with `` the europeans '' . 
  this is me telling him that from what im seeing , from what i see people talking about , people like him need to act realy fast or things will turn from bad to worse for them soon . 
  im saying the majority of muslims is not adequatley dealing with these problems that exist within their society , they are just blaming it on a scapegoat . 
  maybe not all muslims endorse these things , but the ammount of muslims worldwide that endorse them is too big to ignore . 
  or do you think everyone in saudi arabia hates its laws ? 
  you think nobody agrees with them ? 
  but instead in the west and western media , everyone just acts as if this is limited to this small minority and thus everything else needs to be ignored . 
  yeah , and its very convenient to point at isis and just ignore the rest . 
  no hes not , you are missing his . 
  this isnt just isis this is ingrained in islam and the cultures surrounding htis , as hes poiting out , charlie hebdo ? 
  not is !, 
  not is either !, 
  blasphemy laws , the views on women , homosexuality , on democracy , on secularism . 
  these are not issues of the is , those are issues of the entire islamic world . 
  its very convenient to act as if this is only a minority , to make is into a scapegoat that excuses the rest of islam , but this isnt correct . 
  humor is a way to deal with tragedy , but not just humor . 
  and right now , we dont see alot of other than `` humor '' like this , or going `` think of the right wing backlash '', 
  and who else would belgium give the finger to ? 
  no , this is not good enaugh . 
  i agree . 
  im sorry but this isnt good enaugh . 
  enaugh of the other cheek , this `` haha look how defiant we are '' nonsense doesnt tell them anything . 
  actually we eat something that looks alot like this but without the cross part its kind of a sweet bread right ? 
  with raisins in it ? 
  we tend to eat it with horse radish and smoked meat, 
  is it ? 
  i dont know . 
  i know the albanian flag is based on skanderbegs standard !, 
  dunno how that holds up to the swiss most badass weapon : huge sacks of money . 
  that and surface to air missles hidden in alpine barns . 
  who cares , if everything is made up , nothing is, 
  yeah thats the one  like some hot cross bun malarkey wan na explain that one to me ? 
  for what its worth , austrias flag has the most badass story behind it . 
  i agree macedonias flag is awsome , tho somehow it looks like it belongs to asia ... 
  i agree macedonias flag is awsome , tho somehow it looks like it belongs to asia ... 
  i say it because he said * my * culture did that , his culture did too . 
  if by that you mean primitive then yes . 
  my culture doesnt kill jews anymore . 
  i dont know maybe you are still doing that but dont speak for all of us , german . 
  everyone will cry and cry and decry the great evil that is europe . 
  all the while ignoring the fact that who knows how many of them die on the route to europe because nobody tells them that they only get put in camps here and nobody actually wants them . 
  i dont care , go back to afghanistan then , im done with the guilt tripping . 
  is it fair ? 
  the world isnt . 
  we were lucky , you werent , maybe its not your fault that your culture is terrible , but i still dont want it here . 
  dont think so , austria got plenty of tourists , the only ones that shun us recently seem to be rich russians that now prefer the more posh swiss regions . 
  if you go on the / r/austria subreddit youll see that there are quite a few actually . 
  actually its not , i have already stated why i disagree with the premise of a free trade union with the usa ( or more to the point with a free trade union with any country that has different standards than we do ) , you cant realy accuse me of circular logic here . 
  however it is not helpfull when you keep going `` wait up , wait up '' because by then it might just be too late to do anything . 
  if you disagree on the premise then you definitly know its negative . 
   you can just confess you are afraid of change . 
  that will do . 
  thats not an argument . 
  yes i am afraid of a negative change . 
  so what ? 
  you think you just made a point ?
