  pegida arent just nutjobs at this point . 
  pegida are all the disgruntled people that were rejected by the mainstream media . 
  yeah , here too , basically if you have a dissenting view , you are just dumb and fell in for some rat catcher . 
  austrian here so i cant talk about sweden or germany : yes and no . 
  in public , yes . 
  you can probably not voice dissenting views in public without someone calling you out on it . 
  on a more personal level it kind of depends . 
  mostly peer groups form in one of either camp . 
  so you either have `` refugees welcome '' people or anti-migration people . 
  personally im a bit in a shit place because my friends are ( like me , altough people in reddit like to dispute that , full disclosure ) pretty left wing and as a result have bought into the refugees welcome narrative . 
  which leads to me beeing either on the defensive or attempting to influence the discussion indirectly . 
  in the media ? 
  well all austrian newspapers are pro refugees and peddle the narrative hard with the exception of `` die presse '' , however , that one is also a mixed bag . 
  even our populist newspaper die krone , which normally is accused of peddling populist , ofthen right wing narratives , is uncharacteristically supportive of the refugees . 
  social media are shit overall . 
  on one hand you got the refugees welcome narrative peddlers on the other hand youve got right wing people bringing up outrageous obviously fabricated stories . 
  but facebook was never good . 
  edit : another thing , there are basically two ways anti refugee people are labled as . 
  the first is the `` neonazi '' or `` extreme right '' slant , the other one is the `` misguided simpleton who was manipulated by rat catchers '' . 
  this is a very smart move by the media , this way , if they can not demonize someone , they can at least imply that this is an impressionable and particulary stupid person . 
  this feeds into another thing : tribalisation . 
  every dissenting view is treated as one of those two things above . 
  as a result , a right wing nutjob will be treated the same as a reasonable dissenter . 
  which of course leads reasonable people to join up with groups they otherwise would not want to associate with ( the rise of the fp\u00d6 is a clear example of this ) because the mainstream press and the two established political parties reject their ideas . 
  because youa re treating them like bumbling children that just do wrong because they havent gotten proper guidance . 
  these are adults , they make their own choices , and look at the choices they are making right now . 
   i think it 's also a matter of how willing and capable the individual people are in adapting to core democratic and liberal values . 
  and why sh ould they be ? 
  people dont change just like that . 
  what is there for them to gain ? 
  have previous immigrants done that ? 
  the answer to that appears to be a resounding no across all of europe . 
  and those were smaller scales than this is . 
  they remain in their communities , changing to a european culture ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  70 % of all statistics are made up on spot . 
  so is this . 
  they may be `` nice '' by middle eastern standards but they have grown up with very different values than the west has . 
  if you wan na tell me that only 2 % of these people would not shake the hand of a woman or respect a woman as their superior then you are lying through your teeth . 
  also the idea that europe is `` declining '' the birtrates are low but the european population isnt `` dying out '' ; its stable . 
  those statistics showing that the `` working age population is going down '' use `` babies '' in the same way they use `` old people '' in truth , the generation of my parents had very little children , my generation has more children again . 
  so obviously there is a gap where there are lots of old people and lots of babies simultaniously . 
  literaly a problem that solves itself !, 
  simmilar thing happened a couple of weeks ago when a german newspaper ( probably the spiegel ? 
  maybe the welt ? 
  i forgot , one of those two i think ) went on a rant about austrias politicians `` wrongthink '' the german media and politicians are becoming increasingly arrogant due to their leading position within the union . 
  they feel like they have the moral authority to walk over anyone else in the union . 
  arrogance coming from the fact that you are a big economy . 
  ive posted it a couple of weeks ago but we had a hit piece on austria like that aswell , i think it was from the welt . 
  german journalists realy love going off at other countries , especialy smaller ones , for the crime of `` wrongthink '', 
  divide and conquer !, 
  istn \u00c5land inhabited by swedes ? 
  wouldnt that explain it ? 
  typical arrogance of someone who rarely has his views challenged . 
  this happens when ideologues dismiss people that disagree with them as simply beeing `` wrong '' . 
  sadly a sentiment that is currently rising in germany almost as badly as it is in sweden . 
  damn , nobody invited me ? 
  how come this claim still goes unquestioned ? 
  if you flee from a war , you dont flee to live all the way to western europe , you flee to live untill you are across the border , then you flee for other reasons . 
  or , we use those resources to properly secure our borders . 
  does not realy make the situation any better does it ? 
  for what its worth , theyll have a rude awakening , a friend of mine works in a refugee shelter , theyll probably have to dump alot more cash than they gain from this simply on keeping this thing clean . 
  well sweden is already taking alot of people . 
  the thing is , they like it that way , because they are sweden , but now they want others to take what they deem neccesary aswell . 
  according to the video posted , the idea that the hoted `` failed '' is a fabrication . 
  totaly makes up for them beeing thrown out of their workspace that fast . 
  even if you get another job , this is shit for your career . 
  also , if you watch the video , its quite clear that this was pr talk from the side of the hotel , since the actual interviewed employees seem to know nothing of that deal . 
  i also dont like the deescalating tone of the whole thing . 
  keep peddling that pro refugee narrative , german media . 
  they dont care , they are sweden , they have nothing left but their high horse , they cant go back now , that would mean admitting that they were wrong . 
  they now want everyone else to buy into their ideology aswell to save their own asses without having to admit they were full of shit all along . 
  well scandinavia is beautifull , tho i certainly dont want to move to sweden , that country is fucked up . 
  but you got ta admit , norway is kinda great , its got mountains that hands down are as good as ours and they also got fjords and shit . 
  so i see the appeal . 
  also these are all pretty rich countries with good social systems . 
  and lets not even start talking about scandinavian women . 
  obviously . 
  somehow everything that comes out of this is terrible . 
  its like ttip was designed by a comicbook villain `` hehe !, 
  now we will undermine state independance , the internet and damage the enviroment !, 
  and i will get away with it too '' i mean seriously , this would be downright comical if it wasnt actually true . 
  imagine a movie with this plot , it would get terrible reviews claiming that the bad guy is a strawman of a corporate asshole . 
  reality is stranger than fiction . 
  well yeah , not letting them in would be a start . 
  oh isnt that predictable . 
  let everyone in , then demand everyone else to do the same . 
  sweden and germany are looking realy simmilar right now . 
  nobody conflated self defense with anyhting , thats a different thing legally . 
  alright . 
  so instead of reading the rest of the discussion you opted to make a wise comment . 
  good . 
  i hope you got your brand new tinfoil hat !, 
  while thats true , the context certainly was ethnic crimes due to the thread in general and ignoring that particular thing is kind of odd . 
  this is the genious of it isnt it ? 
  people feel powerless against the agenda that is beeing pushed . 
  some retards snap , the agenda is even more enforced !, 
  thats kind of what this discussion was all about tho wasnt it ? 
  well yeah , id prefer if they wouldnt settle here either . 
   it 's important that society understands a punishment and sees it as just talking about ideal scenarios here .
