  but when you look at law youll notice that this isnt exactly the case . 
   first of all , what 's law if not the manifistation of ethics / a moral code ? 
  i dont know if id agree with that . 
  morals go furhter than that . 
  many things that arent unlawfull are very much considered amoral here . 
   took into account her mental state , same argument could be made for ethnic crimes tho . 
  and in fact , has been in the past . 
  as for the rest , kind of depends , is an ethnic crime fundamentally more moralyl wrong ? 
  is killing for greed more moral than killing for skin colour ? 
  been a longer discussion , needs context . 
  that or hes a gay hindu . 
  well yeah but thats kind of the point im making . 
  a standardized higher penalty for ideologically charged crimes seems absrud to me . 
  which is already not the same thing by law . 
  thats why some countries have murder and manslaughter laws . 
  very different thing here . 
  why should ideological murders be persecuted higher than murders out of for example perverse drives ? 
  those killers are just as likley to commit a crime again . 
  not realy a discussion about what the law is and more about why it should be that way . 
  i dont know , maybe ? 
  have you ever talked to a nazi ? 
  i havent . 
  the guy im responding to has not limited this to nazis , so take that one in mind . 
  so youd enforce a higher punishment in that case ? 
   its implications could be more dangerous for the society at large . 
  and what decides what crimes are dangerous ? 
  this is all highly hypothetical . 
  aish and mennonites ( also hutterers ) are a different thing entierly and they dont realy live in mainstream american societies . 
   you are required to speak german when german is required by law , forcing people to use it in other circumstances against their will is just idiotic and will breed resentment . 
  so why shouldnt german be required in school ? 
  you are acting as if someone comes to their homes and beats them if they dont speak german . 
  school is a public place so they should speak german there . 
  will it breed resentment ? 
  probably . 
  but that doesnt matter because the alternative is that they never integrate . 
  so in this case you can only lose by not trying . 
  i did . 
  but that does not stop me from taking a jab at sweden anyway . 
  depends on your viewpoint . 
  what my personal ethical stance on this is , is kind of irrelevant isnt it ? 
  that guy would have gotten a sentance that the law seems fair , so why should the law differentiate between her and anyone else ? 
  i for one would certainly say she was justified , but then again im a biased emotional human beeing and i understand that it might be satisfying to see some vigilante justice beeing dealt out but does that justify accomodating the law for vigilante justice ? 
  i dont think so . 
  furthermore are we not talking about the reasons lessening the sentance but rather about it making the sentance harsher . 
  especialy with stuff like `` ethnic crime '' this is something thats extremley hard to differentiate . 
  so you want to limit it to ideologies now ? 
  thats no what your previous post said , y our previous point said that it was about things beeing emulated . 
  but yeah , you said it yourself now . 
  you think that warrants a higher jail sentance ? 
  i for one dont think it does . 
  there is a difference between attempting to start a crime wave and comitting a crime . 
  the further beeing a very different crime in itself . 
   enforcing cultural identity is nothing like ethnic cleansing , but they both lead to catastrophic results . 
  you just ca n't impose culture . 
  `` im not saying its fair to compare jaywalking to arson '' is what you are doing here . 
  you throw a term in there that you know you cant defend , but you throw it in there and go `` its not the same , it just kind of is the same '' not a tactic i agree with . 
  also  you just ca n't impose culture . 
  citation needed . 
  you clearly can . 
  the us did it with germans . 
   tyranny of the majorit you call that tyranny ? 
  that in a german speaking country you are required to speak german ? 
  what a terrible tragedy !, 
  well thats your problem then . 
  im not gon na argue with myself here . 
  getting into psychology here . 
  so what you are discribing here is not quite the same as the op . 
  a drunken guy beating someone in a rage is treated differently as someone planning to do the same for whatever reason . 
  but why would the reason be a further distinction ? 
  a good argument but still not one i can agree with , by this logic , you would have to apply this to any crime . 
  stealing from the rich should be punished harder because it is more likley to be emulated . 
  thats not a logic i can agree with . 
  at least in austria the law is extremley loose so it realy depends on the case . 
  reductio ad hitlerum how utterly predictable . 
  but hey , thats exactly what hitler did , he forced the jews to speak german ( opposed to jewish , which is a language ! ), 
  so they could integrate better into german society !, 
  he also clearly thought that jews should become german !, 
  no , nothing about races here !, 
   go do some research . 
  thats such an awsome thing to say , go do some research , go do my explaining for me , shut up and do whatever till you have my opinion . 
  you are conflating things like `` ethnic vioelnece '' with the difference between murder and manslaughter , id also like to point out that that difference doesnt even exist in all eu countries . 
  yeah but i fail to see how this is justified . 
  its in their best iinterrest and in the best interrest of the country . 
  its a win win , even if they dont see it that way . 
  thats true . 
  however if a german citizen would have made the claim it would be possible to put him in jail for holocaust denial . 
  thats probably the most italian thing ive seen in a while !, 
  sounds good to me . 
  well sweden changed !, 
  based slovenia !, 
  could not have put it any better than this article did . 
  its a better argument than the other guy made but it doesnt realy counter my point . 
  you can not know what someone thinks . 
  these kind of loose definitions in the end just bite you in the ass , it leaves ways to weasle out of a harsher sentance and it makes it way easier to fake a crime . 
  and not forcing them would have worked so much better , look at the ukraine !, 
  a country shouldnt be afraid of a minority . 
   there are multiple degrees of murder and the distinction between murder and manslaughter . 
  not in my country  the reason why somebody does a violent act is extremely important and warrants different punishments . 
  why ? 
  if i break your leg , does it hurt less because i * just * did it because you wore a purple shirt ?
