  and hes some form of neoliberal , at least i assume that . 
  which instantly makes me hate him . 
  oh man , here comes the salt !, 
  i do have a strong apreciation for this silent majority . 
  just for how mad it makes people that thought their opinion was going to be echoed back at them . 
  how is it nonsense . 
  genuinly asking . 
  its a demo for all i can see . 
  a pretty normal one at that . 
  its like this is some kind of lip service to some unspoken dogma . 
  the report says nothing on violence , nothing on property damage . 
  its a normal demo . 
  and here come the people talking about this beeing such a terrible thing . 
  why ? 
  i fail to understand ? 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  edit : not a single response . 
  only downvotes . 
  you are only making my point more aparent . 
  now thats some biased reporting if ive ever seen one . 
  eh , what now ? 
  britain already has tons and tons of foreign born people , yes this is mass migration . 
  kekd . 
  every time . 
  its delicious . 
  every sub im on that covers this topic has two or three people crying brigading . 
  and every time the mods look into it they find out that no , people genuinly changed their minds . 
  i suppose it must be hard to admit for someone who is used to thinking that his opinion is an objective fact . 
  every time i see those graphs i just cant get over how fucked britain already is . 
  yeah its a ridiculou sdoublethink is it, 
  good !, 
  about time !, 
  you misunderstood my post . 
  this is not about ethnicity . 
  for starts , stop using arabic letters for everything . 
  much in the same way that european christians stopped using latin . 
  new mosques continue to be built in a middle eastern sort of architecture . 
  this immediatly others the building and the people visiting it . 
  it clashes with the rest of the city and as a result looks like the monument of an invader . 
  to sum it up , they should distinguish themselves as european . 
  this is how they will get accepted . 
  in my opinion , it was never about racism . 
  it was about feeling that muslims are an outside force invading europe , not wanting to assimilate . 
  im austrian , ill give you bosnians as an example . 
  bosnians are treated like slavs are , the fact that they are muslims usually doesnt bother anyone . 
  because while they are muslims , and ofthen darker skinned , they do not convey the image of an invader in the same way that arab immigrants do . 
  you are right . 
  muslims only have to follow the laws . 
  but if muslims want to be accepted , they should pick the european side . 
  they live in europe , why should they want to be anything other than european ? 
  or specifically like the country they live in . 
  `` muslim '' is not a nation . 
  alot of aesthetics associated with muslims are mostly middle eastern . 
  im not trying to police how you live your life . 
  im telling you how muslims would not only assimilate better but how they could gain the respect of europeans . 
  i know what beeing polemic is . 
  my point is that i think that this doesnt help the point the article is making and highlights a shift in thinking regarding respect for the neighbour . 
  it is polemic in the way it features a neighbour country ( personally i have a dislike for patronizing the political leanings of another country from the top down , but thats for another topic ) specifically , however refuses to treat the own government which is featured in said article in the same manner . 
  at this point i feel that beeing polemic stops beeing a rhetoric tactic and starts becoming a political act in itself . 
  as for badly written . 
  i would argue that it isnt particulary well written . 
  see the concern above . 
  why even have the shopping centre thing in there ? 
  it servers no purpose , its just there , seemingly for filler only . 
  as to what is and what is not a good example to judge the german media : in my opinion it is an excelent example . 
  it beeing the piece it is realy doesnt matter for the point im making . 
  the point im making is about it getting published/green lit . 
  this is what highlights whats going on in the german media scene , not the actual content . 
  now im not `` offended '' , i am not saying that pieces like this shouldnt get published . 
  what im saying is that some higher up decided that this piece would be beneficial to publish . 
  take a look at the comment section of said article and youll find out that most readers tend to agree with me . 
  ok im gon na add this to the post : this is not about ethnicity . 
  i dont `` demand '' muslims to be blonde . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  and i see what you mean with personal freedom . 
  i do not propose a law . 
  i do propose something that would help european muslims to be accepted in europe . 
  and it should be awfully clear that this will not happen for a long time if they do not change . 
  it would start with not using arabic symbols for everything . 
  i for one am glad that the church stopped using latin for everything . 
  personally if id be a turkish muslim id be sort of insulted to have my religion be associated with another ethnicity . 
  but thats another point . 
  secondly , with alot of new mosques beeing built , i see that they are built in a middle eastern architectural style . 
  i fail to see the point in that , that others muslims even more . 
  im not saying that they should look like churches , that would be ridiculous , but they could make a step to look decidedly more european . 
  this is not something id impose as a law . 
  this is something i would want to encourage muslims to do in order to break out of their victim role and become an active participant in the culture of their country . 
  not my first language . 
  but thanks . 
  oh please , misrepresented . 
  i speak german , im not a retard . 
  the article has some serious mental dishonesty in there which makes me question your `` meta analysis '' hypothesis . 
  for example : why even have the part about the shopping centre in there ? 
  what was the point of that ? 
  or how about the part where the article criticises the politicization of the dead refugees in the truck while doing the exact same thing ? 
  acting as if said tragedy has anything to do with politics . 
  acting shocked that an opposition party , gasp , doesnt change its course because of a tragedy . 
  but thats just polemic journalism for you , its something i dont like but the meat of my complaints is probably in the later section . 
  the `` eu dwarf '' , in its endless wisdom the article at the same time criticises austrias initiative and at the same belittles it for beeing small and thus not able to actually get stuff done alone . 
  merkels course is not brought up once , no shes used as a raised finger to say `` look , there is your master , dog '' the article then ends with a moralizing jab at the public perception of tragedies in austria .
