  its not like that hasnt happened before * cough * pharma companies withdrawing production to different countries * cough *  but in total it 's a benefit to broader society . 
  and you define what by broader society ? 
  cause yeah , germanys economiy for example is way better than austrias , yet austrians make more money and have higher living standards . 
  i wonder if that has anything to do with economy not beeing a zero sum game like you make it out to be . 
   ( example : canadian dairy producers might loose their jobs as their costs are higher , but every canadian has the benefit of cheaper dairy , the benefit to all canadians is bigger than the cost to canadian dairy producers ) oh yes the desturction of the domestic industry is great for the consumer . 
  what are you smoking man ? 
  consumers work in those industries , and those industires do not exist in a vacuum . 
  if one big domestic industry goes down , you can expect others that rely on that to follow suit . 
  you are actually attemtping to sell this as a good thing , while fully admitting that this will cost jobs . 
  not even mentioning that this will lead to lower quality products in those areas that have the highest quality of products right now ( by which i mean europe ) you said it yourself . 
  but thats exactly whats gon na happen . 
  how do you think you will get cheaper dairy if canadas domestic industry goes belly up ? 
  by having lower quality dairy products . 
  and dont even get me started on what this means for europes regional products . 
  it would mean that regional products that only exist there would get phased out because they can not compete with a global market . 
   only 30 % of the refugees germany took were not syrians . 
  thats hard to say since alot of people didnt have passports and most of these claimed to be syrian . 
  lets just say i have [ different statistics than you do ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6887997/3-18062015-cp-en.pdf/4457b050-26f9-4cf1-bf27-9ffb73ff8c7b )  why does their gender matter ? 
  because the idea that only men flee a warzone sounds ridiculous to me . 
  the truth is that the women and children are already in turkey and lebanon , it puts the humanitarian argument to shame . 
   the sides were set from the beginning : germany and france for accepting refugee quotas . 
  ee for refusing quotas . 
  and in the middle people stuck in a war that 's lasting for 4-5 years now . 
  in the middle of it people wanting to go to europe , not stuck tho , since the chaos in europe mostly means that they are the opposit of stuck . 
  stop making an appeal to emotions here . 
  hungary doesnt border syria , they havent been in a warzone for a while now . 
   how many people can poland take ? 
  honest question . 
  you can only do it country by country . 
  so how many people can poland or romania ( the biggest ee countries ) take ? 
  all good questions . 
  it looks like most eastern european countries say `` none '', 
  because the humanitarian argument made is not a rational one . 
  there is a law in place already that covers the humanitarian side of things , a law that merkel conveniently chose to ignore . 
  and in what cases would that be the case ? 
  i mean malice is a pretty big assumption . 
  the example given was commercials for cigaretts getting shut down . 
  you could argue that htis was specifically targeting a certain group of companies . 
  but would you argue that this entitles them to get money ? 
  poland obviously doesnt want any refugees , its a point he probably doesnt double down on because he doesnt want to lose face in his own country , but thats just me making assumptions . 
  however his point still stands . 
  `` can you do better '' is not realy an argument in world politics . 
  especialy if you fuck up as bad as merkel did . 
  she made the bed and expects everyone else to lie in it . 
  politics isnt simply that easy that he can just go out and state a plan of his own , that must go through some party lines id have to imagine . 
  under what circumstances would you propose that ? 
  it is a company suing a country over said countries descision of a law . 
  thats extremley anti democratic if you ask me . 
  but remember guys , dont judge ttp before you have seen it !, 
  this . 
  oh yeah what did that poor eastern european country do ? 
  how about what did they not do . 
  which is invite people and give them a false sense of hope that everyone will be permitted in europe . 
   why do humanitarian arguments obscure anything ? 
  because they obscure whats actually going on . 
  the humanitarian argument was never actually close to reality . 
  `` how many of these people are actually f leeing war ? '', 
  - `` how many of these people are actually syrian ? '', 
  - '' how many people can we actually take in ? '', 
  - `` how does one explain that most of these people are men ? '', 
  and the humanitarian answer to that tends to be `` but think of the children ! '', 
  now that is hyperbolic but when merkel speaks of a god given mission to take these people then perhaps it is not quite as hyperbolic as one might think . 
  as for what he means : in short : merkel is not creating a dialogue . 
  she is talking to people in absolutes , she does not permit backtalk . 
  when during an interview a woman from the audience asked her why she invited those people merkel basically said she doesnt care they are here now . 
  thats not a dialgoue . 
   realistic about what though ? 
  about how many people europe can take . 
  about how realistic her plan of redistribution actually is . 
  about who is going to pay for those new houses that will require to be built . 
  about the fact that the war in syria is not ending anytime soon and so far they have not properly distinguished between refugees from the war and economic migrants from other countries . 
  or how about the fact that refugees are treated like seekers of political asylum which is not the same thing at all . 
   but what is his solution ? 
  all he brings up again and again is the need for a dialogue because you cant talk about a solution when no criticism of the current course is permitted . 
  you need to start a dialogue before you can begin to talk about solutions . 
  and from seeing some other parts of this thread . 
  the entire idea that a company can sue a government because of a precieved loss that said government caused them by a law is the most disgusting thing ive heard in a long time . 
  maybe i just didnt use it before because it was kind of obsolete . 
   discourage other governments from enacting similar laws how is this good ? 
  this is an intimidation tactic * against * pro health laws . 
  how on earth are you defending this ? 
   compensate for damages and this is a good thing now ? 
  let me get this straight , the banning of smoking ads for health reasons results in the cigarette company suing the government over financial losses . 
  hollywood likes to do this alot too . 
  `` piracy cost us this ammount of money '' unless i understood this very wrong , which i dont think i did , what you are saying is just as bad . 
  its saying that companies can demand governments to pay up for precieved losses that said governments may have caused them . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  its bad enaugh without the fear mongering bullshit . 
  i fail to see the benefits for the consumer . 
  just because it might `` not be as bad '' doesnt mean that its going to be good . 
  and chances are , it aint . 
  open markets means dumping prices which means a loss of jobs which is ultimatley bad for me . 
  then more money they can put into their slave trade . 
  does foreign industries dumping the prices in the domestic economy benefit the consumer ? 
  no it doesnt . 
  theyll reveal it at the last possible time . 
  and when they reveal it , it will be an all or nothing situation . 
  thats the issue , even if it takes long to pass . 
  from what we know from wikileaks , once they finished the draft its take it or leave it , no changes . 
  the changes are beeing made right now , without the public seeing any of it .
