  they are already beating each other up . 
  they have already threatened people who converted and they have already refused to live with people of a different ethnicity . 
  it is ridiculous that you want to play the holocaust card on me while you try to shove the racist problems within immigrant populations under the rug . 
  citation http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6887997/3-18062015-cp-en.pdf/4457b050-26f9-4cf1-bf27-9ffb73ff8c7b the problem is that everyone keeps throwing away their passports . 
  everyone knows that syrians have a higher chance of getting accepted . 
  plus if you dont have a passport , they dont know where to deport you to . 
   how about you address the content instead of deflecting it ? 
  there is nothing there to adress . 
  yes people will call me emotional . 
  but im not in this regard . 
  i may be emotional about some aspects of this issue but its not an emotional reaction of me to call merkel emotional , its the only thing that makes sense to me . 
  i can not understand why merkel acted in the way she did . 
  even if she mereley wanted to double down on the right of asylum then the way she did it was nowhere near justified . 
  there was absolutley no logical reason to suspend dublin if her goal was to uphold the right of asylum . 
  quite the opposit in fact . 
  which is why she is calling for the redistribution now . 
   nstead of acknowledging you do this because of your pre-concieved values which implies that i stated that my course of action is the only logical one . 
  read above . 
  i tried to understand why merkel did it . 
  from what she says , it seems like her motivation is to uphold the right of asylum . 
  i havent even stated my opinion on the entire thing here so you are the one assuming thats what im doing . 
   you 'd realise the german state is not acting this way because one person is a mushy mushy pushover . 
  and how isnt it ? 
  tell me . 
  im genuinly interrested now . 
  why did merkel call for a suspsension of dublin and now calls for a redistribution again ? 
  what was the goal here ? 
  what am i missing ? 
   what your values are does n't even matter to me , but the very fact that you seem to judge that mrs. merkel and the majority of the german population are basically stupid and devoid of rationality because they have a different view from you says enough . 
  emotional isnt stupid . 
  i think that the german population has not seen the effects of this firsthand . 
  you need to consider that the people that get to talk in public are not the general public but mostly upper middle class people . 
  they dont live in districts that have alot of foriegners . 
  those immigrants they meet are those that managed to get college education . 
  so those that they see are those that managed to integrate . 
  as a result , they view is biased towards thinking that integration is not all that hard . 
  why do i say that ? 
  because ive grown up in a relativeley lower class district , which isnt even that bad because austria is still alot nicer than germany in that regard , at least from what ive seen in traveling to that country , but due to my family not beeing lower class i know quite a few people that grown up elsewhere and i can see the difference in perception of immigrants between lower class and upper class people . 
  now to continue . 
  in my opinion , these upper middle class people are 100 % honest about what they are doing . 
  they want to help people , they see that people are fleeing form a war , they want to help . 
  what they hear is protest against that and because they dont think that integrating this many people is an issue . 
  and because they are not lower class workers which will be hit by lower salaries due to a large influx of people that will work for below minimum wage , they believe that the concerns people have are overblown and xenophobic . 
  can i prove that ? 
  but that makes the most sense to me . 
  ultimatley , nobdoy can see what other people think . 
  we can only make assumptions based on our own expiriences . 
  i think im probably not so far off . 
  so what i think is that the people that influence the media in germany got onto the refugee hype . 
  and alot of people responded with genuine altruism . 
  never ever have i said that there was anyhting malicious in the refugee hype . 
  i just think it is misguided and the dangers were deliberatley kept under the rug and i think that the reason for thsi was very much an emotional response . 
   of course you do n't , you 're stuck so far up your ivory tower you basically refuse to accept you 're subject to any biases , and pontificate that your view on the world is the only rational one . 
  more assumptions !, 
  i wouldnt call myslef an ivory tower . 
  for what its worth my view is constantly beeing criticised thus its realy not easy to be in an ivory tower . 
  i fully understand the rational reasons of other people to support immigration . 
  i just disagree . 
  there is not one rational view . 
  there are sevearl rational views and these rational views differ because hey have a different outcome in mind . 
  for example merkels current course of action is actually not that bad . 
  trying to ally up with turkey in order to house more migrants there . 
  also , trying to distribute the refugees among other european countries makes alot of sense for germany . 
  what i can not make sense of is germany inviting them . 
  and thats a thing that happened . 
  and that didnt make an awfull lot of sense for what merkel was trying to do . 
  first opposing the redistribution of migrants and then asking for it again . 
  she shoot herself in the foot with that and when i say that that was irrational then i dont think anyone can disagree with me . 
   you should come to terms with the fact that you are subject to the same vulnerabilities as every other human being . 
  and that justifies accusing me of sexism . 
  ok .  and , to be frank , the likelihood that mrs. merkel is both better in control of her emotions \u00e0nd vastly more intelligent and wise in the ways of politics than you is logically almost overwhelming . 
  merkel is also not in my position . 
  she fucked up . 
  there is no nice way of putting it . 
  merkel fucked up big time . 
  merkel was elected by the public and now merkel has to lie in the bed she made . 
  you realize that most of these people dont actually have passports right ? 
  because alot of them arent syrian and as a result nobody knows where they are from . 
  what tends to happen is that translators in camps actually find out that alot of `` syrians '' arent actually syrian since they dont speak the syrian dialect or dont speak the language at all . 
  ultimatley merkel opened the floodgates , the implication was clear , we accept everyone . 
  wether or not thats true isnt exactly relevant since thats what the refugees understood . 
  well im still waiting for your justification . 
  well see about that . 
  a lack of options normally doesnt stop people . 
  in my country the \u00d6vp and the sp\u00d6 are rapidly losing votes to the fp\u00d6 who up untill this point has been considered to be absolutley shit by alot of people . 
  morals as defined by whom ? 
  if you try to wind this down to a very simple moral vs imoral thing then im not gon na accept that . 
  morals are subjective . 
  and if you already want to start with morals . 
  whats moral about letting in a bunch of people that were already safe in turkey , which have completley different moral understandings than western europe . 
  the argument you just made is actually something that doesnt compliment your position at all . 
   they 'll say you act and speak the way you do because of emotions of fear . 
  of course . 
  the good old reversal , a classic rhetorical tool . 
   those are all assumptions without basis . 
  these are assumptions . 
  they are however not without basis . 
  merkel did say that it was a god given mission to take in these people . 
  merkel did say the famous words `` we can do it '' . 
  this is not how a rational person acts .
