  look at the neoliberals downvoting this guy . 
  how dare anyone ask for transparency in democracy !, 
  and people wonder why nobody likes neoliberals . 
  they hide the negotioations . 
  it doesnt `` exist yet '' in the fact that its not done yet . 
  but it very much exists , early drafts of the paper exist , parts of that have been leaked . 
  they have been posted on this very subreddit . 
  if there were benefits for the consumer they wouldnt keep it under wraps for so damn long . 
  or at least theyd try to push said benefits instead of going for the nebulous `` its good for the economy '', 
  milk was one of the examples given back then . 
  not too bad with domestic products i think . 
  but there is still alot of packaging bullshit going on pre packaged goods , for example milk products or hell even cornflakes . 
  in austria we actually do it that way now , that supermarkets display the price per kilogram i think it is so you can properly judge how much you are paying . 
  plenty of threads up on this my friend . 
  im normally not the guy who doesnt post sources but its late and come on there are four threads about this on the frontpage that link to sites that do a way better breakdown than i ever could put together . 
  how about this : when we see it , it will be too late to change it . 
  im against it just for that reason . 
  i mean also weve seen leaks so im against it anyway , but even if we didnt know shit , why would we agree to something we have never seen ? 
  good point . 
  keep mixing those two up . 
  am i in favor of neoliberal policies that dont benefit the consumer ? 
  well take a wild guess . 
  neoliberals always do that . 
  argue economics one time , politics the next time . 
  i for one would love to see those high quality goods that europe has to gain from this ... 
  eh , mostly due to spiral of silence probably . 
  good post . 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  there have been leaks you know . 
  `` wait untill it is too late '' , doesnt sound fair to me . 
  you know what ? 
  ill give em a shot when they actually let me see whats on the table , thank you very much . 
  oh yeah found the neoliberal . 
  free trade , yeah exactly , tighter limitations on reproduction of intellectual property , free ^ tm trade and yeah i can see that net positive existing for companies . 
  for europe that means more undeclared products , less quality assurance . 
  remember when they said that removing standardized packing sizes would be a net positive ? 
  dont leave out what those corporate interrests could be . 
  nameley changes in the way trademark works for pharmaceutical stuff . 
  right now i think they are limited to 20 years ? 
  were pretty much in the dark , having to rely on wikileaks but for what its worth this stuff could get people killed by proxy . 
  good , let them see how many are fed up with this . 
  the main problem is that they probably already know and dont care . 
  i never trust it when the government hides stuff this important from the public . 
  hyperbole . 
  i expect those muslims that will stay here to adopt a european identity . 
  but that wont happen . 
  integration is a flawed concept . 
  as a result , id prefer if wed take in less of them . 
   you will find abhorrent results in opinion polls everywhere . 
  during the series of raf terror attacks , the public opinion rose to 67 % support of the death penalty , something fundamentally at odds with our constitution . 
  go ask the people what they want to do with child molesters . 
  this doesnt excuse it . 
  at all . 
  on one hand you call me a racist for saying that this is a cultural thing , then you disagree with a statistic , after oyu posted one of your own , which also says this is a cultural thing . 
  the plan was never to leave them all in hungary thats nonsense , even the eu isnt that stupid . 
  and i get why eastern europe is hard against redistribution . 
  they feel like germany invited those people and now germany asks them to bear the consequences . 
  actually yeah , if that guy gets all hi smoney to isis thats just a bunch more weapons for those lunatics . 
  i dont know the article you posted pretty much says that in these countries the agency of women is not a thing that exists . 
  i wouldnt say the article disagrees with me at all . 
  and so ? 
  the victims beeing male changes anything ? 
  no it doesnt . 
  i for one can only refer to the study that was posted on here i think yesterday or so http://www.realcourage.org/2009/03/turkey-war-on-women/ ignore the clickbaity title . 
  i for one reject the notion of racism here . 
  honor killing is a very specific thing , killing someone out of grief or whatever is somethign entierly different . 
  reading the newspapers and such , i would not say that every murder commited by a muslim is labled an honor killing . 
   you are essentially arguing that there are no universal morals , and you can just define them however you personally want . 
  while i must accept that different people do have different morals , i still think there are objective morals , and all those personal codes are just approximations . 
  well i dont . 
  there are no objective morals . 
  doesnt mean i dont have any . 
  but morals are dictated by societies , there are no objective morals . 
  personally i reject the idea of merkel acting morally ( in the european context of moral ) because i fail to see how that was moral at all . 
  she encouraged more people to take a dangerous journey , and compleltey ignored the wishes of her people . 
  thats hardly moral by our standards of it . 
  now , thats my opinion . 
  but what you hinted at is that you dont actually disagree that much with me . 
  it was moral for merkel to do , perhaps not moral for the rest of us . 
  moral isnt objective , its subjective and most ofthen it is based on culture . 
  and while i agree that parties should be elected to reflect the moral convictions of society , i think they also should not overrule the public because of precieved morals . 
  it was always the intention of redistribution else countries like hungary and italy would have all refugees . 
   assuming people are bad because of their race or culture is racist . 
  wrong and right . 
  yes its racist to assume people are bad because of their race . 
  no it snot racist to assume people are `` bad '' because of their culture . 
  why ? 
  because `` bad '' is a cultural relative term . 
  killing a girl because she was raped is bad in the western world . 
  in other cultures , this is considered normal . 
  this is an ugly reality you need to face . 
  the rest of the world does not share your european values . 
  honor killings are unlike the european examples you discribed . 
  said examples were never accepted by the societies they originated from . 
  this is not true for honor killings . 
  yes it does , the point is that they get registered int he country of entry , to be redistributed later , basically what merkel wants now , just that they all registered in germany rather than the country of entry . 
  and as the wikipedia article quite clearly states is that it is very looseley defined . 
  then you contradict your previous statement . 
  why suspend dublin ? 
  this was the plan all along !,
