  what can not be done can not be required . 
  am i selfish if i say i dont want these millions of people in my tiny country ? 
  maybe . 
  but then again : so what ? 
  well we might disagree here . 
  but i dont like political goons , . 
  also hanging out with the antifa crowd ? 
  doesnt sound like a nice expirience . 
  moralizing wont help you . 
  now you call me selfish but when hungary doesnt want to bear the load themselves they are bad aswell ? 
  nobody has the right to choose where they get asylum . 
  turkey is the next secure country . 
  my country also got a ton of immigrants in the balkan wars because were right next to em . 
  dear american : do you consider yourself a foreigner in america ? 
  because thats the kind of argument you are making here . 
  its usually refered to as `` braunes gedankengut '' , its actualyl quite common . 
  maybe its more common in austria . 
  heh , the problem is that people actually say stupid stuff like that so you can never know if its serious or not . 
  `` brown '' as in `` the nazis '' , a reference to the nsdap . 
  all those that are already in turkey . 
  which is all of those that would be coming to europe . 
  please quit trying to argue with emotions . 
  first.safe.country . 
  beggards cant be choosers . 
  western europes population growth is actually increasing again . 
  and no , immigrants that dont speak the language and that have no translateable skills will not support welfare , they will draw from it . 
  if your post was sarcasm i apologize . 
  depending . 
  in politics ? 
  because beeing a nazi is a crime and thus wrongly accusing someone of beeing a nazi is a crime too . 
  however in general ? 
  sure . 
  the word `` nazi '' isnt always used . 
  it ofthen is refered to as `` brown thinking '' and `` something something , the past '' . 
  the word `` ewiggestrige '' is used alot , it means `` eternally ( of ) yesterday '' , implying that these people wish they would still live yesterday ( nazi germany ) , funnly enaugh that word was coined by hitler . 
  how many would have died coming from states where they arent in danger ? 
  yeah i feel like the first stage has always been creating a resentment for the own ethnicity . 
  also portraying it as boorish , stupid , ignorant and backwards . 
  in austria there is this common self portrayal of `` the austrian '' as a dimwitted ignorant who can do only wrong . 
  for some reason it stuck . 
   `` 4 in 5 do n't support honour killings , hooray ! '', 
  i dont know why i laughed out when i read this . 
  thats pretty fucked up, 
  reminds me of the media coverage of anti immigrant marches in germany , where they never actually interviewed any of the protesters , but instead interviewed some local muslims for some weird ass reason . 
  well alot of them are , i fail to realize how anyone can get this euphoric about refugees welcome . 
  it was like living in a bizarro world where everyone has lost their minds for two weeks . 
  when academics and politicians suddenly argue with emotions rather than with facts . 
  merkel beeing the best example of this . 
  no mercy with the greek , always adhering to the laws . 
  and suddenly `` think of the children '' ' i got ta say as stupid as that sounds : im kind of feeling good about myself . 
  when i read history books i always think `` how could people not have seen this '' and then i think to myself `` but i wasnt there , i probably would have been one of those idiots that dont see the obvious '' now such a situation * did * come along and i didnt fall for it . 
  nice for me i guess ? 
  tho i suppose for the deluded , the initial hype about the refugees probably felt realy good . 
  so maybe i missed out on that idiocy induced happyness . 
  spot on with the talk about the pictures . 
  they are always carefully managed to only show young , attractive , caucasian looking peoploe and focus almost exclusiveley on the children and young mothers . 
  when they show young men than always `` white enaugh '' looking ones that they claim are academics . 
  i would argue that its the media that portrayed it as if there were far more children on the run . 
  the 70 % male statistic has ofthen been lampooned as a right wing conspiracy theory over here before we had the official stats from germany . 
  when in doubt , argue with emotions . 
  well you are biased arent you ? 
  i dont buy that you actually believe these things . 
  beeing labled a nazi is extremley easy . 
  in theory its as you discribe it , just the difference is that what kind of rhetoric is nazi rhetoric seems to change every day . 
  agressive reporting is a good way of discribing it . 
  ive seen alot of preemptive judgement . 
  for example an article about the refugees attacking the fence in hungary , preemptiveley attacking any critics that dare use this to argue against immigraiton . 
  depending . 
  in public it can be damning and big corporations are big corporations , they dont want any nazis in leading positions . 
  on a small scale its usually alienation of friends . 
  and that tends to happen . 
  its a spiral of silence kind of deal , everyone thinks that the rest of the country thinks that his is realy important so they act as if they htink its realy important aswell and as a result it becomes realy important . 
  no , in the german speaking world the word nazi still holds alot of power . 
  in public , people will apologize if they are labled one . 
  if you personally dont give a shit about it , which is how alot of people handle it these days because you can get labled a nazi for basically anything ( its pretty much a witch trial at this point ) , then at least there will be a couple of people ganging up on your because of your horrible crime of having been labled a nazi by some random person . 
  pretty much this . 
  children and young mothers everywhere . 
  i have seen this hillarious pic of a huge dump of baby food / diapers at some train station because hundreds of self styled helpers brought a bunch of baby stuff only to realize that there werent actually nearly as many children as they believed . 
  well also from austria . 
  i think op is on to something , i would like to add somehting : austrias media is generally not the best , we dont realy have a high profile newspaper . 
  but what happened with the refugee chrisis was uncharacteristical even for austrias media landscape : it was hype , it was euphoria . 
  just like the people were euphoric . 
  the undertone of course was always `` better dont be one of those right wingers '' it wasnt quite as bad as germany , where that was actually said out loud . 
  i remember watching german tv in the evening and have two random hipster faces insult the hypothetical viewer , going on an incredibly embarassing rant about the evil right wingers . 
  note that this was before the backlash , this was done preemptiveley . 
  they realy put all their eggs in one basket , and you could see from the way the media reported on it . 
  even our more right wing oriented newspaper bought into the refugee hype . 
  it was actually quite interrestign to see . 
  i got ta agree with one thing especialy the op said : i too have never quite seen anything like this . 
  ive never seen people so hyped about something like that . 
  if it wasnt for the german media i would say austrias newspapers couldnt have done a worse job reporting on this issue . 
  there is one thing of the op i got ta disagree with . 
   the right wing media is as usual the other extreme . 
  actually no . 
  no not at all . 
  the krone ( while not right wing , populist at least ) bought into the hype . 
  the only slightly sceptical newspaper is die presse and that was not extreme at all . 
  they were initially relucant and later sceptic but never ever were they as bad as their left wing counterparts . 
  but this might just be ops attempt to `` bring balance to the force '' of right and left by claiming that they were equally bad . 
  which isnt true , but kind of expected of you these days , lest you agree with the evil right wing .
