   no allowance within the 1st 3 months i would have imagined longer actually , shows how little i know . 
  im talking longterm obviously , not a couple of months . 
  amazon is a big business they wont go down in the next couple of months . 
  they can plan ahead . 
   this is theory . 
  in reality the whole process of receiving a work permit takes much longer because authorities are overallocated right now . 
  obviously . 
  we are talking long game here tho . 
   given , that there are less jobs available than people searching for a job . 
  which is not the case in germany right now exactly . 
  right now . 
  this is the point im making . 
  amazon would like this to change . 
  very true . 
  the point i was making however was that the measures that were taken to create that new identity eventually backfired when nationalism rose , as now the different nations were all rubbing backs with each other while simultaniously hating each other . 
  how well a society works internally . 
  how trusting people are of each other . 
  if there is low social cohesion , people will distrust each other . 
  which kind of implies that they think that there is an alternative . 
  they are stuck in their education just like the men are . 
  id compare it more to britain/ireland, 
  what you say isnt wrong . 
  but the perception isnt there . 
  this is for two reasons . 
  1 . the nazis , obviously , cant change anything about that . 
  germany . 
  germany named itself germany and as a result austrians dont want to be germans . 
  its kind of obvious when you think about it . 
  austria and germany had a friendly rivalry for a while , the last thing austrians want is to be seen as `` yet more germans '' or `` should be part of germany '' if that helps . 
  its mostly a question of pride , not one of actual ethnicity . 
  its like if i was saying serbians are croatians . 
  id probably get shanked . 
  the difference is , you can say you both are yugoslavs . 
  there is no such thing for germans . 
  basically imagine it like this : croatians call themselves `` yugoslavs '' and nothing else . 
  its not wrong of course . 
  would serbs call themselves yugoslavs then ? 
  probably not . 
   keep their own ethnic identities and refuse to see everyone as human beings . 
  what a ridiculous hyperbole . 
  just because you want to keep your own ethnic identity doesnt mean you dont see anyone else as a human beeing . 
  also , if wanting to keep your ethnic identity is refusing to acknowledge other ethnicities are human : why doesnt anyone else abandon their ethnic identity ? 
  does any other culture other than the european one want that ? 
  no , nobody wants to lose their ethnic identity . 
  to say europeans dont see anyone else as humans because they do something everyone else also does is nonsense . 
   i think people and their cultures should adapt to whatever they feel comfortable , but what they find comfortable will be different from what other people and their cultures find comfortable . 
  this `` everyone can have their own thing and everyone is happy '' idea is flawed . 
  beeing familiar with the culture istn enaugh tho . 
  turks are familiar with german culture for a long time but these two groups still are strongly divided . 
  i dont think that does enaugh . 
  you can use money to teach them . 
  but you cant use money to force them to change , not in a society like the european one . 
  assimilation for the most part comes from a lack of options . 
  how would you fix it with money ? 
  you cant throw money at people and expect them to change their innermost feelings . 
  but do they want to ? 
  do they have an incentive to do so ? 
  and even if they were adapted into the liberal mindset , would that stop the cracking of social cohesion ? 
  i dont know if we ever will find out . 
  this is what im thinking alot about aswell . 
  the economy can change fast , banks crashing , the euro falling . 
  a new country rising . 
  it can go either way very very fast . 
  look at europe post world war 2 . 
  some countries regained their status realy fast , some are still catching up . 
  but social cohesion , when thats broken once , it takes generations to fix it , if it can be fixed at all . 
  look at the balkans . 
  what tito tried was admirable , but his idea of mixing up the population to make them one nation ended up in genocide . 
  but that conflict still isnt resolved at all . 
  maybe its not violent now , or less violent . 
  but that still hasnt fixed any of these issues . 
  and it wont be fixed for a long time . 
   you are the property of the government subject , not property . 
  the government cant * sell * you so you arent property . 
  also , no , they cant decide everything you do . 
  you can refuse to serve with a weapon . 
  its not neccesarily about virtues . 
  comradrie maybe , you dont learn that in school , too much of a competetive enviroment in many cases . 
  as for police work and fireman : in the rural regions most people here are voltunary firemen ( tho voltunary , you know , its not like anyone * isnt * , if you arent part of that , you realy arent part of the community ) . 
  policework is quite a bit more of a job . 
  its not like conscripts get an officers education . 
  in the draft you are nobodys property , your human rights are not beeing violated . 
   age of consent  18 you can consent to stuff earlier than that . 
  also in most countries with conscription it starts at 17 . 
  in my country it ends after half a year . 
  but thats not the point . 
  beeing able to consent is no problem . 
  its an obligation and thats fine . 
  because people wont chose to do so . 
  the same argument could be made for education . 
  yes people learn more if they chose to , but most people would rather choose not to because education doesnt pay right away and people are impulsive . 
  there is a reason education is an obligation and not an option . 
  what about anything else mandatory ? 
  as someone else mentioned education ? 
  is that slavery ? 
  what about adhering to laws ? 
  tax ? 
  all of that is slavery ? 
  problem with not having conscription is that in countries with lower populations you dont tend to get the right kind of people for the job . 
  ive been drafted myself and quite a few of my family members eventually became soldiers after beeing drafted .
