  and now merkel sees this and thinks `` heh , i can save face and get the benefits by just making a stink about it '', 
  well there we go . 
  turns out , everyone saying that the eu would undermine national sovereignity was actually right . 
  you know what ? 
  feeling vindicated about beeing called an eu truther realy doesnt help the situation much . 
  just makes me feel sick . 
  not only are we attempting to solve the western eus problem , now juncker and merkel think `` hey , we can totaly claim the benefits of this and save face by just condeming austria for doing what benefits us too '' im not particulary proud of my government . 
  for what its worth they have been merkels lapdogs . 
  so as far as im concerned : take note austrian politicians , when you act like a dog , you will be treated like one . 
  oh yeah , great . 
  now austrian is at fault . 
  thats what you get for trying to solve a situation that someone else messed up . 
  first victim of refugee crisis germany !, 
  totaly not going along with it !, 
  all austrians were resistance fighters !, 
  and you got the proof for that where ? 
  cause i * have * given you proof in the form of a link . 
  now tell me where those right wing blogs are , link me one . 
  and link me proof of your claims . 
  you cant just expect me to eat it all up . 
  thanks . 
  i fixed my comment . 
  now yours looks weird . 
  hooray !, 
  death of the author . 
  that `` durchwinken '' meme again . 
  germany demanded refugees , were not gon na take the brunt of it , youve got more space than we do , so yes , naturally were gon na let them through . 
  but the whole idea that austria only gets them to germany is blantantly false , per capita we probably have more asylum requests that you have in germany . 
  you could also interpret it as muslim immigrants grasping at europe as a concept , a continent , a measurement of wealth . 
  based poles !, 
  no , the present has already proven her wrong . 
  the history will not look favorably upong merkel , in fact , the history will be like it always is . 
  future generations will look upon this situation and say `` how could anyone be this stupid '', 
  yep thats it , real criminals keep getting away with crimes but hey , better arrest people over wrongthink . 
  at this point , its not just wrongthink , its not just some agenda , its quite literaly the state silencing dissenters . 
  this is pathetic . 
  were back to authoritarianism . 
   global media agenda no , its mereley the government telling public broadcasting what to do . 
  and it is mainstream media wanting to fit in with the left wing crowd as this appeared to be the way the wind was blowing last summer . 
  now they refuse to back down . 
  it doesnt need a conspiracy , its just plain old narcicism , incompetence and saving your own ass . 
   because that was two days before the official statement by the prosecutor was made ? 
  seems like a relatively simple explanation . 
  acutally it quotes the same source , its just slanted to fit the narrative . 
   source on that ? 
   i 'm sorry if i hurt your feelings . 
  no , you attempted to ridicule me in order to make my argument look weaker , a particulary weak tactic usually employed by people with no facts to back up their claims . 
  im am only offended by you believing ill let you get away with it . 
  oh yeah , yahoo news , the fucking pinnacle of maisntream newspapers . 
  how come that the exact opposit of this headline appeared on a major german newspaper a couple of days ago ? 
  and again `` muh conspiracy theory '' is a pretty weak argument at htis point when we have members of the german public broadcasting services coming out and saying that they were given orders to report favorably about the current regime . 
  of course it easy to go `` hurr durr muh conspiritard nutjob '' but realy thats not an argumen its just an insult to make yourself feel better . 
  `` official '' official by whom ? 
  because there is a difference between the eu definition and the geneva convention definition . 
  and again , even if you are a `` refugee '' you can still be an economic migrant . 
  one is a legal definition , the other one isnt . 
  and go on and tell me how any of the refugees in europe arent economic migrants . 
  because thats exactly what they are . 
  `` media '' , maybe , but certainly not traditional media , you find out about it over the internet , people talking to people . 
  not journalists . 
  becuase thats what they are , duh . 
  see the other post , youre not wrong but you are also not quite right . 
   considerate calling people racist for disagreeing is considerate . 
  yeah , right . 
  no , i did not admit there is one single thing , i said this is the first in the search , not the only one . 
  give me something that proves what you claim , i have given you proof . 
  no , he has to go to the nearest secure country , otherwise hes not a refugee . 
   the way the moderate western press thats funny , because that isnt whats happening at all . 
   calling a syrian whose house was bombed to dust a refugee ? 
  this appeal to emotion is however . 
  the whole idea of calling them `` refugees '' when this word is not in any way representative of what they are ( since they already passed safe countries and as such are not refugees even if they are literaly syrians whose house has been bombed ) was started by the `` moderate '' western press , and suddenly its everyone elses fault for running with it ? 
  so wasnt there an article a week ago saying that most * werent * refugees ? 
  turns out thats nonsense . 
  wew lads , its almost as if the media has an agenda . 
  but thats just right wing conspiracy theories , right ? 
  well i think this comes from austria in general beeing very fractured . 
  carinthians think of themselves as carinthians first , people from salzburg as just that . 
  its mostly vienna , upper austria and lower austria that realy are less like that . 
  the rest has alot of regional pride , i wouldnt say that means they dont consider themselve austrian tho . 
  is it just me or is the visegrad group building austria-hungary without austria ? 
  well its kind of shit if you tell me `` oh yeah its all wrong , besides this one '' , show me some examples of bogus that gets posted here . 
  well yeah , which is also why austria has alot of cultural simmilarities with slovenia for example ( hell , ive heard my croatian relatives call them austrians in denial ) or hungary and the czech republic . 
  ethnicity is something thats hard to realy define since it realy isnt stuff thats easy to nail down . 
  you can quite clearly see linguistic simmilarities , but when it comes to cultural concepts that is very hard to pin down . 
  especialy when it comes to very old cultural elements that might actually predate the current culture because it was lifted from an earlier culture that either got displaced or subsumed into the new culture . 
  just going with the first thing that springs up on the search function . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40dc1w/swedish_police_covered_up_abuse_at_festival/ is this a right wing blog ? 
  well i dont know if it is getting better , there is still the issue with bozen which the fascists dropped countless italians in and now we got one of the major cities in south tyrol having an italian majority population . 
  i wouldnt say that austrians are friendler with italy as a result of the autonomy , since , as youve pointed out yourself , it wasnt exactly italys idea , they tried to italianize them once and then they tried to it again by making south tyrol beeing part of a larger region where italians held a majority . 
  they however overestimated an austrians ability to learn italian , it will never happen !, 
  for what its worth , i see quite a few south tyroleans studying in austria , i dont know if they consider themselves austrian , tyrolean mostly i think , but they certainly have ties to us , especialy to the austrian part of tyrol , but also the rest of the country . 
  well , ethnicity isnt an easy subject . 
  id say that `` german '' is pretty broad a term already . 
  if croats and serbs arent the same ethnicity are saxons and bavarians ? 
  there is probably a larger difference between saxon and bavarian language and culture than there is between croats and serbs , and just like with croats and serbs there is a religious difference , with austro-bavarians beeing mainly catholic while northern germans are primarily protestant . 
  by that i dont mean that `` germans '' are a different ethnic group than austrians . 
  id say that `` germans '' is an umbrella term that includes several ethnicities such as alemannians , bavarians and saxons that are both culturally and linguistically distinct from one another . 
  you could probably also make an ethnic argument but biologism is largley unscientific and thus irrelevant . 
  salty about south tyrol , not about south tyroleans , they tend to be very popular here . 
  but mention south tyrol anywhere and youll see some austrians popping up `` gib south tyrol plox '' , hell , this probably includes myself .
