  but merkel suspended dublin and then decided to go back to it . 
  there is a fault somewhere here , one way or another . 
  well im not from hungary so i cant say . 
  im not gon na defend orban on grounds of ideology , ill defend him if hes right . 
  and if hes not i wont . 
  but thats what ive been told and what i conclude from what youve shown me . 
  i havent * been * there so i dont know . 
  you just disagreed with yourself . 
  on one hand it is moral , according to the german constitution , to suspend dublin because countries like greece and hungary cant be trusted with refugees . 
  on the other hand now it is moral to distribute the refugees to countries that `` cant be trusted '' what kind of logic is that ? 
  the point of the fence is that it guides people towards official registration centres . 
  baring refugees from trains is not inhumane . 
  its a way of controllign the situation . 
   the laws passed that allowed the hungarian parliament to reject asylum seekers without due process . 
  see above . 
  from what i can see , what that law does is punish people that actually cross the fence . 
  as the registration centres as far as our media tells me are actually on the border . 
  so unlawfull corssing of the border cant apply to people registring because those havent crossed the border yet . 
  yeah because they know europeans will associate more with them . 
  `` they are not so different '' is the image they want to convey . 
  note how they also tend to picture attractive women . 
  almost never do they show men . 
   racist oh here starts the moralizing . 
  people dont adapt . 
  thats a lesson we have learned from reality . 
  they havent adapted in sweden , they havent adapted in germany . 
  this is not racist , this is a reality . 
  germans dont ten dto adapt either , nobody does . 
   or what you think those are i dont know how about you ask that girl that was murdered for beeing raped . 
  and how do you define human dignity ? 
  so you are saying merkel is now acting immoral for wanting redistribution ? 
  you realize that by your logic , either way merkel is immoral . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  its the german moral to criticise hungary to not adher to a law of the german constitution , in hungary . 
   in my opinion it is the attitude and modus operandi of the hungarian government that makes their action inhumane . 
  which is ? 
   it 's primarily racist which is motivated by fear of the unfamiliar . 
  this is complete hyperbolic bullshit . 
  no its not racist to assume that people from syria have grown up in syria and have syrian morals and picture laws as syrian laws . 
   entered the eu via germany you mean from swizerland ? 
  maintianing power is a gamble every politician makes . 
  however i would not call the hungarian way of dealing with it inhumane . 
  mostly they were on their own enforcing protocolls . 
  criticism of it was ofthen hyperbolic . 
  for example faymann decided to compare hungary to the nazis over the bus thing . 
  perhaps thats correct . 
  ive changed my mind before tho . 
  i used to think merkel was right on greece . 
  now that i see this crisis i realized that we let the greek down and the austerity measures will destabilize their country even further . 
  now theres some hypocrisy . 
  what you just did was hyperbole . 
  nobody said the muslims will kill us all . 
  but not it is not emotional to expect middle easterners to act like middle easterners and not like europeans . 
  and the german constitution says dublin needs to be suspended and hungary needs to be criticised for sticking to eu protocol ? 
  merkel constantly criticised orban for doing exactly that tho . 
  called it inhumane and called for the opening of the borders . 
  now i concede that this is mereley a matter of interpretation . 
  i count the criticism of orban as that . 
   http://simonhedlin.com/2013/01/21/demographic-cliff-ahead/ you realize that statistic counts children aswell as old people right ? 
  as said , position of stress right now . 
  but its a problem that solves itself . 
  in the next generation . 
  we will have us beeing the old ones . 
  and we are very few compared to our parents . 
  its gon na take time , its gon na take stress on our retirement systems . 
  i for one advocate higher taxes on the rich . 
   you seem to not like our muslim friends at all . 
  polemics . 
   the syrians actually lived under a secular dictatorship back in the day . 
  much like you did . 
  but your problem is probably with them being muslim . 
  women 's rights is a problem in islam but that problem will become smaller as they integrate into european culture . 
  fun fact , the swiss women got the vote in 1971 , the syrians did in 1953 . 
  fact remains . 
  the syrians are often educated and stem from a civilized society . 
  sooner or later they will integrate . 
  i thnk you gave the best answer yourself here . 
   much like you did which would be not at all ? 
  im 22 , just like most of these migrants . 
  i have seen neither the nazis nor austra fascism . 
  now the syrians did see assad , for them , secularism is tied to fascism . 
  and they have not grown up in a secular society one way or another . 
  im not going to attempt too hard to simplify the syrian civil war but suffice to say the religious feelings of the sunni muslims played a big part in that . 
   fact remains . 
  the syrians are often educated and stem from a civilized society . 
  sooner or later they will integrate . 
  how is this a fact ? 
  why do people keep saying people will integrate . 
  there is absolutley no precedent for that . 
  even people that trickeld in in way slower waves have failed to integrate . 
  now we have so many it will be impossible to teach all of them the language at the same time . 
   a lot of the chaos in the middle east stems from the colonial times . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sykes%e2%80%93picot_agreement genocide is n't a part of their culture or dna . 
  i can promise you they wo n't genocide each other inside europe . 
  exactly its not genetic . 
  which is why this comment . 
   also i would n't expect such a smug attitude about genocide from an austrian . 
  is compleltey out of line . 
  i didnt participate in the holocaust . 
  what i can say however is that there are already ethnic tensions in the refugee shelters .
