  the money we spend in austria is paid to companies and private people how much of that stays in austria you cant say . 
  and that doesnt counter the fact that way more costs come from that . 
  if you tend to them in arabic speaking countries you dont need to attempt to integrate them into a workforce that has no use for them . 
  refugees cost money . 
  and not just housing . 
  you need to educate them , you need to feed them if they cant find work and of course they cant find work if they dont speak the local language and have no transferable skills . 
  in short . 
  if you argue that the money going into foreign countries to be an excuse to call the refugees to europe , a perilous path where quite a few die , then i realy question what your motive is here . 
  do you just want to import them as a cheap labour force to destabilize minimum wage ? 
  i dont think ive ever seen anyone arguing with an economic argument for bringing em to europe other than this one . 
  faymann is quite the disappointment for me . 
  for all criticisms there are of orban , i got ta agree with him here . 
  this is exactly true . 
  with the ammount of money we spend on refugees here just think how much we could acomplish anywhere else without putting europes identity at risk . 
  faymann is for what its worth a lapdog of the larger eu countries . 
  even before that he was refered to as a `` populist without a cause '' in austria . 
  realy he doesnt seem to have any ambitions at all . 
  him lashing out at eastern europe ( and also comparing hungary to the nazis which is even more ridiculous if you ask me ) is done because he feels that he is in a position of power , beeing backed by the larger eu countries . 
  in reality , the population here is rapidly losing faith in him . 
  i for one am quite angry about him tranishing our image in europe as a whole . 
  i for one do not wish to be represented by a man that has neither an oppinion nor a spine to call his own . 
  remember that this isnt slavery . 
  we have this very archaic picture in our heads here in europe . 
  that of the poor victim who is absolutley unwilling and the apelike perpetrator . 
  in reality , the opression of women in near eastern countries isnt completley male dominated . 
  women have that mindset there . 
  you could argue that adopting it is a requirement for living your live over there . 
  i wouldnt even call it stockholm syndrome . 
  its a cultural factor . 
  women might be treated like prisoners in some of these countries but thats not their mindset , because they dont know anything different . 
  also remember . 
  this is not an ideology of `` we are stronger we are going to do this '' , this is seen as `` good '' and `` moral '' , so quite a few women might actually resist change . 
  very important point to make . 
  i think it is a fallacy of the modern time to judge people by modern standards . 
  every man is a product of the time he lives in . 
  it also is a fallacy to act as if the same isnt true for us . 
  we have not reached the end of history , im pretty sure future generations may also resent us for the views we held dear . 
  i would say it centers around ethnicity . 
  not just culture . 
  ethnicity is kind of inbetween `` race '' and `` culture '', 
  thats because the numbers are far higher in younger age groups which makes them more visible . 
  also its important to point out : the muslims in europe ofthen are younger than the average , due to them having quite a few children . 
  as a result , muslims tend to have far higher numbers in younger age groups . 
  also its important to point out : the muslims in europe ofthen are younger than the average , due to them having quite a few children . 
  as a result , muslims tend to have far higher numbers in younger age groups . 
   legitimate britain and france have simmilar territories but thats about it . 
  at some point there were some burnings of teutonic tabards , they literaly are still mad about the actual crusades . 
  or well , symbolically they are , the crusades basically stand for anything that they deem the west has done to them . 
  there were quite a few german crusaders , they were more prominent in the baltic crusades with the teutonic knights but there were very much still german crusaders in the middle east . 
  yeah , for some reason we still cant get rid of that notion . 
  yeah we had this stupid discussion before . 
  so the situaitons in those countries would have been catastrophic , good that you send em there now ! . 
  prolly not , neutrality and all . 
  no , dublin was part of the eu treaties , which prompty got ignored , untill the problem spiraled out of controll . 
  as far as youve explained yourself , dublin doesnt mean you can voltunarily take responsibility and then demand they are sent back . 
  germany first suspended dublin , then decided to invite everyone . 
  and now all these people that wouldnt be here if it was for dublin because border countries would likley have turned them away , are beeing redistributed among europe because germany cant keep its promises . 
  thats not the same thing at all germanfriend . 
  i dont know . 
  i honestly dont know . 
  ive had dinner with these people today . 
  they are nice ordinary people . 
  but they defend merkels bullshit to no end . 
  they see no fault with this , they just dont . 
  i for one dont understand them . 
  they dont understand me . 
  to me , it appears to be so obvious . 
  i dont get it . 
  i guess it comes from beeing sheltered . 
  and your solution ? 
  its always easy when all you have to do is disagree . 
  right now , isis is losing big in their home turf . 
  * this * was not their goal . 
  but its still happening . 
  the kurds are blowing them up pretty well . 
  but this isnt about their home turfs . 
  they need to be agressiveley rooted out in the west . 
  aperently in austria alone we got 200 people under surveilance right now , personally , im not a supporter of higher infringement on personal freedom . 
  but if we already lock up people for beeing nazis , we might aswell start locking up people for beeing radical muslims . 
   the root causes of this problem . 
  dangerous thing to say as an austrian . 
  see how well that works at stopping terrorist attacks . 
  i think declaring the nazis as a religion goes too far , but the point still stands . 
  we in europe dont criticise religion because we dont take religion seriously , as a result we dont beleive that anyone else does . 
  you have to get tough against someone . 
  thats the reality of the situation . 
  right now opportunists within our governments attempt to use this to further strengthen their controll on the european population . 
  if we arent tough , they will be tough on us . 
  they will install more surveilance . 
  this is what `` security '' looks like if you dont want to act . 
  europe needs to man up . 
  europe needs to strenghten its borders and work together , europe needs to go into the ideological and political offensive on this , because if it doesnt , and it hunkers down , then the population will pay the price by our privacy beeing infringed upon and by terrorists continuing to undermine our cohesion . 
  could be , i know after charlie hebdo the only muslim country that managed to speak out properly was iran and most western communities did stay silent . 
  the west is not used to a religion that isnt christian . 
  we are used to religion beeing a secondary thing . 
  most people in the west have a hard time believing that someone could take religion this seriously , and those people that do , whcih tend to be those in more rural places , never actually see muslims as they tend to be concentrated in urban areas . 
  the idea of enforcing western values on a religion seems alien to most europeans because what europeans see as `` religion '' is mostly harmless . 
  of course not . 
  thats not even beeing considered . 
   i 'm sick of people being apologetic to the muslim society which is so fucking weird .
