  its right there in the name . 
  its just not the dominant culture . 
   very integrated seems like blacks are earning about half of what everyone else earns . 
   but you ca n't really expect everyone to continue speaking their language when , economically , speaking english or spanish is preferred to any other language in the united states . 
  kind of the point i was making . 
  well , that sounds terrible then . 
  i for one am glad my country is interresting enaugh on its own . 
  but then again , you are from an immigrants perspective , probably you just feel liek you are more interresting than those people . 
  oh yeah im sure that within these 1000 people there are surely so many ethnic groups that none exceeds 99 people . 
  but thats stupid anyway . 
  they wont integrate into 100 germans , for them , thats just one more annoying ethnic group . 
   why ? 
  where do you get that ? 
  chinatown broke new york city ? 
  california is a broken state ? 
  sry i do n't buy it . 
  cause it leads to poverty and different standards of education . 
  it doesnt break down the host society but it creates a rift between the two , which mostly is economic . 
   how do you get to 10:1 ? 
  you realize the thread you are in right ? 
  this is about 1000 refugees beeing shipped to a town with 100 people living in it . 
  thats a real thing thats happening . 
  and yes , these people do share more than they share with the residents . 
  and yes , these people will rather stick together than stick with the natives . 
  why ? 
  because one threy are all in the same situation while the natives arent , secondly because most of them are muslim . 
  if they are allowed to stay , good chances are most of them are from syria . 
  i have literaly no idea wehteryou are serious or sarcastic . 
  this is one of my biggest criticisms of merkels intellectual course here , not just of the real handling of it . 
  there is so much mental dishonesty here . 
  in fact , the way germany handles the refugee crisis made me change my mind about the greeks . 
  i kind of feel ashamed for jumping on the greek hate bandwagon . 
   immigrants add value to the incredibly boring . 
  and that 's why immigration to canada can only be a good thing . 
  here is the thing tho . 
  european countries arent boring . 
  i dont think if canada is boring either , maybe you just view it as this because to you its `` normal '' . 
  but whatever . 
  if there is a native culture , what you discribed doesnt work in the same way . 
   you make the shortsighted assumption that it has to be either their way or ours . 
  im taking a history lesson . 
  there are substrates and superstrates . 
  there will always be a mix , but there will always be one culture that reigns supreme and one that marginally contributes . 
  the alternative to this is a paralell society . 
  cultures have different intrinsic values . 
  as such , cultures clash , they can only work together if they are simmilar or if they are made simmilar . 
  which in history has always been by one culture subsuming the other . 
  paralell societies tend to break the society they exist in . 
   what kind of culture is that that ca n't bare a bit of competition . 
  seems a bit weak to me ... 10:1 is not `` competition '' . 
   still we get along somehow i wouldnt exactly say that . 
   on a sidenote : a deeply religious person from syria might have more in common with a deeply religious german than you think . 
  thats a troubling thought , i dearly hope that there are very little such people in germany . 
   same for scientists or athletes for example arguably , but how many of those do we have ? 
  not alot if the statistics are to believed . 
   and a fugitive fleeing from a police state might value free speech as much if not even more than you do ... 
  depends on why hes fleeing from the police state ... 
   you 're a troublemaker . 
  an undesireable you could say : ^ )  there . 
  germany . 
  without . 
  auschwitz is in poland but i guess you didnt mean that did you ? 
  nazis are part of germanys history , but that doesnt mean that they are the defining factor of german identity . 
  and if they are , this doesnt mean that the current german identity is in any way `` lesser '' because of the nazis . 
  you might aswell argue that genghis kahn is part of the mongolian identity . 
  yes , but is that relevant to modern day mongolians ? 
   that 's academic consensus . 
  thats not proof . 
  the burden of proof is on you since you made the claim . 
   how about finally defining those totally unique cultural aspects instead of just insisting that they 're totally there . 
  i did . 
  all or nothing . 
  its the german way of doing it . 
  since you insist on bringing the nazis into it . 
  thats a good example . 
  absolute oblitoration . 
  alot of people did genocide , but nobody did it to such a degree . 
  but there are different examples also . 
  what other country is as comitted to the refugee situation as germany is ? 
  germany doesnt do half measures , its a cultural trait . 
  this is also true in corporate germany . 
  germany solves problems by building groups and acting as groups , not as individuals . 
  as someone who is not from germany , i can tell you that even with our little geographic difference , the way germans and austrians handle problems in a group enviroment is very different . 
  thats anecdotal evidence , i admit as much , but it is my expirience . 
   that is the obvious implication of your statement . 
  not every culture is good at everything . 
  every culture has positive and negative traits . 
  there are alot of cultures that arent cultures of getting shit done . 
  the austrians for example are not a culture of getting shit done . 
  we have other qualities however , but thats not what we are talking about are we ? 
   there are ideologies doing so yes there are ideologies that reject the human rights . 
  but there are also cultures that reject the human rights . 
  there is no single morality that is accepted by all cultures . 
  tell me how the human rights were accepted by roman culture , that wasnt an ideology , slavery was normalized in that culture , just as it was normalized in alot of cultures . 
   cultural relativist so ? 
   racist . 
  pffh , prove it you are ridiculous . 
  i dont think that forcing my worldview on others is my right to do . 
  i dont think that i have the ultimate say on morality . 
  i think that my morality is correct .
