  once this pops up , you can practically smell the agenda in the air . 
  european islam ? 
  to me this seems to be a couple of thiings at once : 1 . 
  attempting to calm down the public 2 . making the claim of islams legitimacy in europe seen as undeniable 3 . make it appear as if there is a single solidified religious institution in europe that would even be able to do such a thing as change `` the muslim faith '' ( which in itself is not realy a defined thing ! ), 
  you should have read his post , thats essentialy what he says . 
  the entire `` but someon eelse did something bad too ! '', 
  approach is nonsense . 
  its a two faced approach . 
  the reason they use this defense is because they know it works . 
  the reason they dont activeley work against those elements is because they actually endorse em . 
  not even secretly , they tend to be honest about that , the public just mostly ignores that . 
  id honestly like to see some examples of multiculturalism working . 
  thanks , i will probably forget this immediatly tho . 
  hillariously incompetent overlords are the most cozy overlords i suppose . 
  those are pretty uninspired . 
  is problem mit the papa und the penis, 
   wants they are already doing that . 
  also on criticising the german government . 
   gets more diverse am i the only one that * realy * hates this way of labeling it ? 
  no were not getting more diverse , were getting a bunch of foreigners with a different understanding of right our wrong into our countries . 
  evil mountain germans evil is sexy afterall , and when you are the evil counterpart to germans of all people , you know youre business . 
  also i realy like the juxtapose between the grandeur of the imperial austria image with its fancy uniforms viennese coffee houses , wide streets with beautifull architecture that invite you to wander about next to cavalry officers with their big fancy moustaches and the rugged mountain aesthetic , you know , the almost tundra like appearence of the highlands , how you usually can only see to the end of the valley , the trees bent by the wind , the snow blowing over the peaks with stern eyed bearded people living in the shadow of these ancient molochs that tower over the countryside . 
  i like that . 
  i also like the idea that austrians are fond of the other ex habsburg regions , evenif they dont neccesarily like us back . 
  it kind of is a nobrainer isnt it ? 
  when you like a country for what it is , you dont want it to change . 
  when i like a country , i dont need it to be more like my home . 
  why would i want that ? 
  i already like that country , why would i want it to change ? 
  if they sink their own boats thats not massacreing them, 
  well thats kind of their own problem isnt it ? 
  the fact that they are already vanishing . 
  quite literaly physically turn em back . 
  if you can shoot em you can turn em back too, 
  so `` fuck greece '' then , these people wont go back after the war . 
  and what else would you suggest ? 
  fuck greece ? 
  or you know , you could just turn em back , like the australians do . 
  for what its worth , that would still be a tremendous effort . 
  the problem is the greek coastline , or the lack of a defined coastline that is . 
  good luck with keeping them out . 
  the only way is to stop them from coming , which means making sure they know they wont go to germany . 
  giant jesus lifting a house also isnt so bad . 
  the bosnian resisting saudi propaganda truly is good news . 
  very good news . 
  because the ones giving them orders are `` soft '', 
  it isnt * yet * look at turkey . 
  turkey is a secular country , but look whats happening with erdogan in power . 
  guess what . 
  syria also is a secular country , now youve got religious crazies shooting people up . 
  `` officially '' oh come on . 
  as if there is a unified community . 
  its the demand of their holy book itself . 
  which contrary to the bible also claims to come directly from god . 
  no , i dont , because i dont want it here . 
  i just think that banning it wont acomplish that , it needs to be corrupted from within untill it eventually destroys itself . 
  what outrageus demands ? 
  you mean that people follow their idiotic religious law ? 
  i didnt sy that , as ive pointed out numerous times now . 
  you know , slavs for example have ofthen been the main `` population '' of europe dwelling horse nomads . 
  there is a reason we dont have many asian looking people in europe despite the avars beeing here for quite a while , the avars were mostly the ruling and warrior caste while most of the population were slavs that they picked up along the way . 
   muh right wing boogeyman you are arguing on the false premise that muslims are peacefull once they reach high numbers . 
  jews wont be afraid of neo nazis if muslim migration continues going like this . 
  in fact , they are already fearing for their lives in france and belgium . 
  the idea that `` right wing '' europeans ( which you equate to neo nazis which you equate to violence ) are somehow more dangerous than traditional muslims is ridiculous . 
  the potential for extremism among natives isnt nearly as high as it is among muslims . 
  no , no you can not ignore islam if it reaches a certain ammount of followers in your region . 
  they wont let you ignore it , they will demand that you pander to their religious sensibilities , they will demand that things in the public are changed according to their religious law . 
   hitlers way polemics much ? 
  where did i say `` put them in gas chambers '' . 
  godwins law , this argument is over . 
  it stopped because christianity itself transformed  what is the reformation seriously , sotp acting as if medieval christianity makes todays islam any better . 
   thats valid for most religions no , christianity doesnt do forced marriages anymore , doesnt kill you for leaving christianity . 
   hate speech laws and how well do those work ? 
   religious tolerance fighting strength with weakness . 
  every fucking time . 
  its a religion but not a religion like the western religions are , it is also a political ideology . 
  `` muh crusades '' every fucking time . 
  no , as youve noted yourself the crusades have benn 500 years ago they dont have anything to do with this . 
  and how is it fundamentally different ? 
  it demands a religious law , christianity does not . 
  as simple as that . 
  thats not even close to beeing the same thing . 
  im sorry but no , the mainstream religions are largley ignored in europe and their demands are far less outrageous !, 
  and what is your idea to fix it ? 
  and the power they have is small ? 
  i tend to disagree , in areas where they got the majority they got quite a bit of power . 
  and lets not even talk about the power they have over their own people . 
   centuries look at the uk , it already has power . 
  and so far nothing has worked in attempting to make them moderate . 
  the best idea ive got would be to try to get a bunch of fake imams in there and try to change their religion from within while strongly supressing traditionalist views , but good luck with that . 
  also good luck getting people on board with that.\u00f6, 
  it doesnt yet , i mean in the uk it kind of has . 
  there are several parties in my country for example courting them . 
  when the muslim population rises , which it does , they will get their demands into politics . 
  this needs to get into peoples heads , this is not a cosmetic or minor issue . 
  once islam gets * power * in europe , youll see these countries making some very drastic changes for the worse very fast . 
  its banned in germany . 
  as for islam : i wasnt the one with the idea , again , talking hypothetics . 
  i also think that banning islam wouldnt solve the problem , but it * is * a problem .
