  who cares ? 
  i dont . 
  at some point we need to accept that not all religions are like modern christianity . 
  some religions are closer to a political ideology . 
  and there is no political freedom in europe . 
  man , its good to see my country represented with * good * news for once . 
  this is not about reddit and thus you are wrong . 
  in the media they have largley been ridiculed and made fun of . 
  again , in germany a group of people dressed as clowns followed em around trying to bait them into violence to try to make them look like hypocrits . 
  ans realy i wouldnt say that this thread is full of negativity . 
  you seem upset . 
   do n't forget that migrants and refugees are two different things . 
  thats right , and by your definition everyone that lands in austria is a migrant , not a refugee . 
  austria shares no border with any of those countires as such nobody is forced to come to austria . 
  this makes every single `` refugee '' a migrant , by your very own definition . 
   but this is just one survey its also a newspaper with a strong pro refugee bias that has been involved in the hounding of anti refugee voices that i have discribed earlier . 
   he un expects about 1 million refugees and migrants to arrive in 2016 : not gon na quote the entire thing because that would make this reply very long . 
  there are a few things to consider : 1 million refugees arent 1 million austrians . 
  these refugees are largley male and around 16-25 years old . 
  so the percentage that these people make in their age group is actually far more significant . 
  gender also plays a big part here , having this many more males than females in a certain age group is potentially dangerous . 
  china already shows it . 
  it leads to alot of frustration among both sexes . 
   split among the member states which isnt happening and not just because the member states disagree . 
  these people want to go to very specific countries because , again , they are migrants , not refugees . 
  they want to go to germany , austria and sweden . 
  this has been referred to as `` asylum shopping '' . 
  if you were to distribute them , they would use the open borders of the eu to nullify that attempt . 
  even if it would take a longer time for them to do so . 
  and as for merkels plan : it just ignores the democratically chosen party lines of member states . 
  you know what , if the czech republic doesnt want muslims , then it doesnt have to take them . 
  this is not just about `` everyon trying to screw each other out of taking migrants '' . 
  this is also certain countires not wanting to take this specific type of refugee . 
  and you know what ? 
  that is their good right to do . 
  when the pm of the czech republic said his people dont want an influx of muslims then its his good right to say so . 
  and even if thats not an economic argument , it is an argument one way or the other and it is not up to you , me , merkel or juncker to decide if its valid or not but for the people of the czech republic . 
  as for the  migrants sent home thats a very optimistic stance on it . 
  in theory yes , but in practice this is simply not happening . 
  how would it ? 
  these people have no passports , we dont even know where to put them , we ofthen dont even know from what countries they crossed the borders . 
  bureocracy completley fails when it comes to such masses of people . 
   see , for example , a report by jimena leiva roesch and jill stoddard , in which they say `` a negative narrative on migration persists , even when there is overwhelming evidence that historically , migrants have been agents of development and have enriched their countries of origin , transit and destination . '', 
  i have indeed read that in the past but realy this doesnt quite compare . 
  the article you posted realy isnt the best one of those tho , basically anything that talks about `` women , children and even babies '' is something you should discard simply because its a baseless appeal to emotions . 
  i however still disagree with the less `` emotional '' parts of it simply because they have quite a few holes in them . 
  for example when the article explains that migraiton has been an `` enrichment '' in the past then they give no example of what that should have been . 
  you mean the irish migration to the americas ? 
  yeah sure , they were treated as expandable work force , not realy a positive example . 
  chinese migration to tibet maybe ? 
  `` enrichment '' indeed . 
  you mean the germanic migration into the roman empire ? 
  im genuinly asking now , what migration has been a boost ? 
  other articles that are a bit less focused on the `` political '' part of this have cited economic factors , however i would argue that these dont quite compare because these studies were about 1 . controlled immigration in 2 . migrant countries like canada or the us . 
  realy all the article you posted says is that it will attention to syria which realy isnt an argument for taking in refugees at all . 
  its an argument for sending money to jordania to help the actual poor people that dont have the money to migrate . 
  doesnt help that the rest of the article is typical political drivel . 
  i mean it includes the `` heforshe '' thing for some reason that i cant quite discern other than namedropping . 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/10131876/the-truth-about-immigration-its-good-for-britain.html this article is much better than the first one and i wont berate you for using it . 
  you might just be of a different political opinion than me . 
  tho i did not expect you to be a economic liberal / us style conservative after the rest of what you said . 
  this article basically explains two things , one that the local economy can be boosted by importing young , low qualified but high consume intensive workers , as they will generaly demand lower salaries and benefits than older more expirienced locals and secondly that the import of highly skilled foreign students creates an important influx of know how into the local economy . 
  something the us has always understood better than most european countries . 
  however as someone who is economically very left leaning i can not agree that this is a good thing . 
  the first beeing farily obvious , its an anti socialist thing . 
  it shifts the power from the employee to the employer , big no for me . 
  the second in my opinion isnt helpfull for this debate because syrians arent foreign students , they are largley uneducated . 
  this article also does not touch upon issues of culture and ethnicity at all . 
  this is unsurprising since economic liberals generally do not care about culture plurality or culture at all , its not what drives them so they ignore it . 
  you can not deny that these people arent europeans , values of free expression and equality mean little to them as they are nonexistant in their countries . 
  their general ideology and religion largley also makes them immune to integration as they see such western values as damaging to their identity . 
   the world has 7.5 bn citizens . 
  while huge , let 's not blow the refugee crisis out of proportion . 
  i admit beeing polemic at this point . 
  however what i was saying is that this is just the start . 
  there are more coming . 
  africas excess population is not just going to wait till they starve , they will look towards the propserous europe to sustain themselves . 
   to me it appears that austria is really split on this issue , i.e. 
  50-50 , 60-40 , give or take . 
  this i dont buy . 
  i feel like alot of people that believe this are mostly upper class and just have very little actual contact to people affected by this . 
  but if youve got numbers to back that up fine . 
   i think it 's more or less universally accepted that merkel 's proposed measures would probably work if only all countries worked together in this crisis . 
  no , no its not . 
  and its not because they will stop working at some point . 
  there needs to be a point where we need to stop and people have decided that it has already been passed but even when everyone would agree with merkel then it would have to stop at some point , there is only so much space in europe . 
  and merkels plan doesnt involve what the migrants want . 
  the migrants dont want to live in poland , the migrants dont want to live in serbia , as such even if the entire eu works together it wouldnt work . 
  and that doesnt take into account the real reason why its doomed to fail : the syrian refugees are only the tip of the iceberg . 
  at some point in the near future there will be a massive migration coming from africa . 
  that continent has a huge ammount of excess population with nowhere to go . 
  this for one thing * is * a universally accepted fact . 
   nope , most countries do n't want to take in refugees . 
  austria is one of these countries , like it or not . 
  it were the austrian elites banking on them beeing able to controll the narrative enaugh that there will be no public backlash , they were wrong . 
   austrias or merkels vision i feel personally insulted by you saying this was `` austrias '' vision . 
  im sorry but no , no it wasnt . 
  the large majority of austrians , and politics show that , do not stand behind that vision at all . 
  the elites do , the media does and for the most part the big parties do because they are afraid to go against the eu consensus . 
  but in reality , no , this was not the vision of austria .
