is this new ? 
  the police has been universally villified for a long as time now . 
  activists on all sides of the political spectrum have come to resent the police and yeah hooligan, 
  thats true , they probably couldnt get past the lava flows goddamnit iceland , glaciers and volcanos , im fucking jealous !, 
  but the other five dont want them right ? 
  they invest in most european countries , in austria weve since banned them from building mosques . 
  is that not hillarious ? 
  i love how suddenly its ch promoting violence , the doublethink is through the roof . 
  just because they rightfully point out that islamic extremists are at worst supported and at best tolerated by the muslim mainstream community . 
  at least thats what i gut from their article, 
  agreed , the rest of the article does stand on its own tho . 
  i personally only ever met one and she certainly wasnt . 
  so i dont think i can give much input here . 
  well the sad part is that iran used to be very ... not that . 
  is it a law ? 
  are you required by law to wear a headscarf ? 
  i mean then again in that country you get killed for apostasy so who knows ... 
  on ours and on the germans national anthem aswell . 
  also south tyrol ... 
  oh come on , realy ? 
  they have been radicalized later and this is evidence that muslim terrorism has nothing to do with islam ? 
  just take a step back and think about how ridiculous that sounds . 
  crime and terrorism is not the same thing and one does not naturally lead to the other . 
  their entire defense is yet another generalization i would argue . 
  what does `` second generation european '' mean ? 
  now they arent europeans , they are the second generation that lives here thats not the same thing . 
  at this point the author seems to have worked himself into such a frenzy that he goes on to blame belgium for the `` lack of assimilation '' ( citing the flamish/wallon conflict which is especialy hillarious when you consider that this mostly means that belgium is not a homogenous country at all ) this article is rubbish . 
  its yet another damage controll articles desperatley clinging to any explanation of muslim terrorism that doesnt include islam . 
  i can tick one of those boxes , and the other one might be true too , but i got no direct evidence of that . 
  thinking your countrymen are stupid , but thinking everyone else is even more stupid . 
  austrians tend to have this cynical self image , but they ofthen cant hide the fact that they are actually a pretty proud people that just does not like to admit it . 
  kind of like reverse germans . 
  but quite ofthen remarkably simmilar in the way we feel superior by constant self criticism . 
  we tend to be proud of our humor too here , we also tend to revel in the fact that it is mean and almost never good natured , while we do admit that our humor is the way it is , we usually do not admit that we take smug pride in this fact . 
  what incident ? 
  and afaik the identitaires are relativeley tame as far as activists go . 
  german autocorrect , the other user is right . 
  its very annoying . 
  protests are always starting anger , or lets say for the most part do , i for one do not see it justified to stop a protest because the people beeing protested against are going to behave as the protesters discribe them . 
  in that case the police should show more presence to avoid riots , they should not shut down the protest . 
  they must protect the poor muslims from the evil criticism !, 
  else they are forced to respond violently !, 
  in all seriousness at least in my country the identitaires are some of the least violent activists . 
  and no im not a member of them in case anyone wonders edit : in case anyone wonders about the ridiculous spelling and wrong words : writing on a cellphone that doesnt understand english . 
  pretty based !, 
  cause we arent controlled enaugh . 
  and because all that has thwarted so many terrorist attacks so far . 
  no , fuck this . 
  get the problem by the root and leave the rest of us out of this . 
  i think the last paragraph is realy waht to take away from this . 
  stop searching for the reason with ourselves , they are responsible for their actions , not anyone else . 
  and it is not our interresting to fix their problems in a satisfactory way for them , if they cant fix it , we cut out losses . 
  im part of a smaller religious minority than them in my country , clearly im just too lazy to be a terrorist !, 
  i agree , honestly i dont think they even have a * right * to keep their culture . 
  even if it wasnt a terrible culture that doesnt go well with ours , migrants dont automatically have the * right * not to assimilate completley . 
   eight hours what ? 
  unless they are using old records from the holy roman empire ... 
  i was about to post this, 
  nothing , i didnt hear anything good of soros so far . 
  they * could * yes , the point is restricting that . 
  however i would not say that based on this principle the state should not interfere with how imams are educated . 
  well , most things ive heard of soros is , well i dont know if its trustworthy . 
  explain what you mean by internationalist . 
  oh this is just fantastic . 
  someone is actually tolerant and considerate and he gets murdered . 
  no fucking words . 
  theres a reason that we used to idenfiy by nation ( which doesnt neccesarily mean nationality ) rather than citizenship ... 
  but thats the evil boogeyman now . 
  they are born here but they grow up in their communities . 
  they are not assimilated culturally . 
  they arent natives ( and yes i know , `` native '' means born , but im pretty sure nobody would argue white americans are `` native americans '' either ), 
  seperation of chruch and state mostly means that the church doenst get to influence the state . 
  i couldnt care any less if the state influences the curch . 
  i suppose that does make sense . 
  is lower styria `` lower '' than the rest tho ? 
  im not that great in geography i admit as much , id argue all of southern styria is `` lower '' compared to the rest of styria , not just slovenian styria . 
  yeah , actually no , ive been to africa and asia , never to the us . 
  tho i do have relatives in canada and some remote ones in the us . 
  but what do you care . 
  you just seem to be upset because i dont care about your countries overblown ego . 
  slovenian styria is refered to as `` lower styria '' rather than southern styria , dont know why . 
  so no not in slovenia but on the border yeah , near radkersburg , gornja radgona for you guys . 
  well my relatives in southern styria do dress that way for things like weddings and family gatherings occasionally , realy depends . 
  tho i admit i dont get to wear my lederhosen alot . 
  compared to us ? 
  yes , you are very backwards . 
  you have a two party system , both of which came from the same ideology i might add , a big part of your population doesnt even believe in evolution , your education is not standardized at all leading to an extreme difference in education between the classes . 
  compared to most western european countries , you * are * backwards . 
  well yes . 
  all im saying is that when a terrible ideology is this ingrained in a culture and this widespread its extremley dangerous . 
  no , i said you cant beat terrorists on their home turf , so the point is to not let europe be their home turf . 
  remove the organization aiding them , stop making up excuses for them , stop giving them cover . 
  well i think that in this case the fact that its a religion is dangerous because said religion is older than most secular ideologies , but i do not disagree with your in principle . 
  fear is one way of getting people to do what you want . 
  pathetic !, 
  id prefer if they would invest in security rather than in giving in to a segregated society . 
  pretty sure theres more than one , well , mosque i dont know but there are quite a few prayer houses that arent mosques . 
  the law is only a year old i think . 
  which is probably the reason . 
  i know we got one bosnian mosque with dubious backgrounds .
