  and thats pretty much the only `` foreign '' ethnic austrians that i can think of , i mean there is one tyrolean village in south america , i think it is in brazil , but they are realy tiny i think most people here dont know about them . 
  the hutterites were also from tyrol but since we kind of chased them out of the country for not beeing good catholics they probably dont like us very much . 
  come to think of it , the only austrians that ever seem to migrate en masse are tyroleans , tells you alot about tyrol i guess . 
  one could make the argument hat bavarians and austrians are the same ethnicity ( austro-bavarian ) , our relations with them tend to be pretty good , a shared distaste for the prussians and a simmilar language certainly help . 
  so you are saying that all those reports of aftonbladet what its called supressing information is bogus ? 
  its a dank maymay , mate !, 
  `` muh far right boogeyman '' every time an article like this gets posted one of you will pop up and lament how the europeans are just as bad . 
  never with sources of course . 
  well no , because they think islam can destroy the west faster . 
  based kurz is at it again !, 
  well to be fair not all conservatives * look * that way since there are several kinds of islam and they have different priorities . 
  well i prefer us permanently occupying syria than syrians permanently occupying europe . 
  tell me about all the political power the pope has . 
  you can rationalize away almost anyhting if you digg deep enaugh but that doesnt change the fact that no western country is a theocracy and in no western country you will be sentanced to death for leaving a religion . 
  im actually not implying that at all . 
  when i say `` they '' i said whoever had that idea . 
  since i dont know whose idea that was , i didnt specify . 
  i can read headlines you know . 
  i mean if you have to assume someone is too dumb to read a headline in order for that person to `` imply '' that then that probably means that person didnt imply that at all . 
  maybe that was just what you were looking for to read ? 
  yeah , they do love their doublethink . 
  well im not a muslim and im criticsing it right now . 
  just because other muslims dont like it doesnt mean its a good idea . 
  good point . 
  but you know , still looking like that was the idea behind it . 
  and here i thought they were gon na build a fence out of bacon . 
  thats something i keep hearing but i dont buy it honestly . 
  just because germany has a party with `` christian '' in its name doesnt mean that the church gets a say in politics . 
   humanist i disagree . 
  mostly because its kind of hard to pin down what `` humanist '' values are . 
  humanism imo is a flawed concept because every humanist ideology basically has two stages . 
  they search for what defines what a `` human '' does . 
  this can take a while since humans do all kinds of things . 
  eventually they settle down for one idea of what `` human '' is . 
  they go out of their way to enforce their idea of what `` human '' is . 
  as such , humanistic concepts all tend to vary ( i mean for crying out loud , both communism and capitalism are humanistic ideologies ) but on one point : that point beeing that their totaly varied idea of humanity is legit and all humans adher to it . 
  that already exists tho , for some ridiculous reasons that i cant figure out . 
  for some reason feminists just seem to * love * muslims . 
  you can tell by how fervently they hate hirsi . 
   i think that most of their children , in the west , are more liberal than their parents . 
  in general they want to rebel against their parents , but most do it by becoming more westernized . 
  is that so ? 
  because thats not what im seeing at all . 
  rather i see them rebelling against society by becoming increasingly conservative . 
  i have seen this personally in an old school friend of mine . 
  he was , basically like everyone else . 
  he was more of what you could discribe as a `` rebel '' personality , you know while in school hed pull all kinds of shit . 
  next time i see him was in military service , by then , hed have this huge beard ( normally youre not allowed to keep a beard , but he could keep his for religious reasons , hell , i didnt even know he was a muslim before that ) and told me how he was married and had a kid . 
  he was 18 i think , maybe 19 . 
  not saying he was a radical of course , far from it . 
  he still was a neat guy to be around . 
  but he certainly was more conservative than what i knew of him . 
  ok i give you one thing , thats a personal anecdote , but its what im seeing quite alot . 
  young people beeing in general those that are in favor of conservative values . 
  shows you that good intentions ofthen leads to the exact opposit . 
  on the other hand , and maybe thats just my cynicism , it appears that denmark here is trying to solve the muslims problems in the same flawed way they attempted to solve the wests problems . 
  in scandinavia and the us we see a large push for gender segregation by some far left people . 
  this seems to me just applying the same flawed logic to a different thing . 
  i dont know , religious indoctrination goes a long way . 
  you see it with all those women ( some even from austria , tho they werent austrians ) joining isis , to some , opression isnt seen as that , it is seen as the role that some higher power has chosen for them . 
  and more likley than not they believe this because their parents told them so , and the parents believe this because their parents told them so . 
  which is why paralell societies are so dangerous . 
  all those are western inventions . 
  many of them are based on christian principles . 
  im more talking about democracy and equality . 
  but alas , im not a raving atheist , for what its worth im not an atheist at all , so im gon na give you that one . 
  maybe christianity simply grew up and islam didnt . 
  but im not gon na wait for islam to do that . 
  i dont follow . 
  well right now the children are arguably more conservative than the parents . 
  many muslims that came to europe did so because they wanted to escape theocracy . 
  and now many of their children are extremley conservative . 
  salafism is a youth cult afterall . 
  well yes , i know very well that the change was gradual , instantanious change was never what i proposed . 
  tho , gradual change of muslims * in * europe . 
  we just dont have that kinda time . 
  so in europe , you could accelerate that change by assimilation . 
  but neither immigrants want to be assimilated and european countries are too tolerant to force it . 
  so it wont happen . 
  its a dilemma that nobody can solve because nobody wants to do the dirty work . 
  in the end it will come down to demographics . 
  and this is relevant to my argument in what way ? 
  im realy tired of thsi `` but . . but . . . but europe is bad too ! '', 
  the world isnt perfect , but we are better . 
  from our position . 
  we need to realize that our position isnt objectively right , however we also need to realize that * we * get to say what is right where we hold the majority . 
  well not just desire , it is the irrational idea that it is that way . 
  we can not deal with other countries properly because we assume that they are like we are . 
  yeah , nonsense !, 
  that would actually be usefull !, 
  thats right , mongolia !, 
  im not expecting islam to westernize at all . 
  i hope that maybe middle easterners can westernize without islam . 
  just like the west `` westernized '' when it left christianity out of politics . 
  yeah , thats your brain on cultural relativism , its a wild ride !, 
  but thats haram !, 
  if you stand on the other side , the woman mosque would stand * in front * of the man mosque !, 
  thats what happenes when you cant check on people cause there are too many and when you cant get space to put em all . 
  so let me get this straight : swedens system is collapsing , and its the fault of all those evil countries that acted smarter than sweden ? 
  is this what this article is telling me ?
