  south tyrol did not make that development with us , so it would be up to them to decide wether or not they want to join us . 
   western europe needs to remember that they are aging . 
  western europe is aging , you need immigrants to survive : ^ ) that meme again . 
  remember , those uneducated immigrants that we will have to build new houses for and that we will have to teach our language too will pay for you pensions !, 
  building houses costs money ? 
  teaching people things costs money ? 
  what ? 
  we already have unemployment ? 
  well it is all solved with neoliberal magic !, 
  with people like merkel ? 
  im sorry but germany isnt what it used to be . 
  i wouldnt want to be another bavaria . 
  id prefer a new austria hungary !, 
  get in here eastern west europeans !, 
   we fought a world war well , thats debateable, 
  i wouldnt have thought that its a hot potato , mostly i see it as italians trying to italianize the country , for me , thats qutie worrying . 
  i see alot of pictures from south tyrol posted on reddit with the italian names for places ( which arent correct and mostly were made up by a single fascist weirdo ), 
  well technically austria isnt allowed to have s\u00fcdtirol back , but i for one would not see why most austrians wouldnt . 
  i think its mostly that people dont care . 
  i would have thought that italians dont want to give em away cause s\u00fcdtirol is quite rich . 
  nah , i think most austrians dont see them as italians . 
  most of them speak german . 
  i think a large part of non tyrol austria simply doesnt care enaugh . 
  damn , i didnt think sweden was * this * stupid . 
  pretty much this yes . 
  found the neoliberal . 
  lower wages equals lower prices !, 
  exactly thats how it works . 
  this is why the industrial revolution had the highest living standard in hisotry !, 
  if only those pesky unions wouldnt have ruined it for everyone !, 
  man i want to live in the neoliberal world where stuff like that makes sense . 
  its not like anyone could have predicted that . 
  oh wait , everyone did . 
  when people claimed immigrants would be a good thing for the economy , what they meant is that now they dont have to pay people proper slaries anymore . 
  i guess alot of my unpopular ideas arent unpopular anymore . 
  so how about : south tyrol should not be part of italy . 
  `` democracy '' , nobody ever wanted this . 
  and yet it exists , germans wont be getting rid of this either . 
  for all germany wails about the dangers of authoritarianism , its going into that direction aswell . 
  so why does the headline say educated people are more in favor of immigration when their statistics say the opposit ? 
  well i agree , but i dont think that hits means we need to allow refugees to pick and choose what countries they can go to . 
  i know that wasnt your argument , but its something iw ant to say in the context of this thread . 
  the bullshit argument is that because wars create refugees that means europe has to act in a certain way . 
  which is what i said . 
  it isnt , but an argument that has been thrown around here for quite a bit . 
  yeah , pretty much . 
  biologism is complete bogus but nations have formed way after europeans intermixed . 
  i mean did you people read how old these genetic markers are ? 
  thats prehistoric stuff , they dont know shit for nations , they are just interresting . 
  yeah its kind of cool isnt it ? 
  hungary is extremley close to its neighbour countries ( duh ) but they speak a completley different language . 
  thats just fucking awsome . 
  dont believe the mongolian !, 
  yeah what alot of people forget is that y haplogruops are patrilinial and as a result just can not show the actual genetic makeup of a country very well . 
  it still is highly interresting . 
  for example for some reason there is a relativeley big concentration of a haplogroup that originated in the caucasus around the alps , but nowhere else in europe . 
  doesnt realy say much but its kind of interresting . 
  yeah but thats not an argument to let in another religion is it ? 
  this is a bullshit argument . 
  so europe is at fault for everything in the world they didnt decide to fix ? 
  is europe also at fault for an earthquake in japan because europe didnt do anything against said earthquake ? 
  also . 
  even if europe would be at fault here , to say that europe is now required to take all those refugees is moralizing again . 
  by law , they are required to get asylum in the first safe country . 
  i have not disputed that have i ? 
  but europe is not required by any law to allow them to pick and choose what country they go to . 
   so , to take one example , the handicapped do n't have a right to life ? 
  you misunderstand me . 
  nature gives none of us the right to live . 
  the handicapped live because our society supports them , because our society , me included , collectiveley believes they have a right to live . 
  but nature doesnt give em that right . 
  we as a society do . 
  good old nazi club logic . 
  `` people have a right ot the land of their heiritage '' - nazi `` people dont have a right to anything '' - nazi you cant win in this deranged game . 
  well to be fair with the war not ending anytime soon eight years isnt alot . 
  yes , christians `` came here '' too . 
  islam still was never part of europe . 
  just as christianity was never part of europe before it came here . 
  europeans also werent part of europe before they came here . 
  i see alot of variations of that argument beeing thrown around . 
  but in truth , this doesnt matter . 
  ethnicities adn religions established themselves over time . 
  nobody has a `` right '' to anything given by nature . 
  that right was taken by them on their own admission . 
  the question is not if islam has any right to europe , the question is wether or not europe wishes to allow it . 
  to turn this into a debate of moraltiy is stupid . 
  if orban wishes to have a europe without islam , then it is his good right to wish that . 
  i think many europeans wholeheartedly agree . 
  im also pretty sure alot of baltics would be happy if christianity would have never arrived in europe . 
  so whats your opinion on the christianization of eastern europe ? 
  laughed at both of those . 
  mongolians ... 
   except that a monolithic ` native american culture ' does n't exist , there are hundreds of native american cultures , some of them extremely different from one another . 
  so at it 's very foundational point , there was never a ` monoculture ' . 
  well yes because canada wasnt founded by these people and as a result its borders ignore the national lines of that . 
   make your politicians stop the wave of migrants coming your way , or you 'll end up living in a ` terrible ' place like i do . 
  will do, 
  well as weve talked about earlier , canada is not a country that has a majority native population . 
   canada is a settler nation , not a native american nation , so i 'm not sure that 's correct . 
  native american is still the native culture of canada .
