  edit : something i forgot . 
  there was a huge shift that took place over 2 days . 
  i think it was when the picture of that dead kid was published . 
  at first we had a split if you want . 
  you had moderate crticis , not too loud of course because the narrative was already going , and the refugees welcome crowd . 
  but in two days , the first camp completley disappeared from the media spotlight and , as said above , even right wing outlets started chanting `` refugees welcome '' . 
  you know how many people die trying to immigrate to australia ? 
  none . 
  because australia closed the borders and now nobody is coming . 
  its literaly that easy . 
  that line pretty much shows the entire thing . 
  these people made the assumption that germany invited them . 
  so they do not feel like they owe anyhting to germany for taking them , they feel germany owes them since germany invited them over . 
  no no !, 
  remember , everyone saying these thigns are evil right wing reactionaries who just come to this sub to brigade !, 
  havent you heard ? 
  heh , but yeah that didnt last did it ? 
  everyone in america is an immigrant as such the argument ( that wasnt made by me ) was faulty in the first place . 
  and certainly nobody integrated into native american society . 
  i never called them immigrants . 
  i said issues with ethnicity . 
  these are two different topics . 
  oh merkel realy is the one who should be talking here . 
  something about throwing rocks and sitting in glass houses . 
  its one of those things again . 
  you are arguing semantics because you take offense at the notion that this picks out muslim schools in particular . 
  in reality , as you said yourself , this would make no difference . 
  the difference that it would make is that it would not state its targeting islamic schools . 
  but thats what it should say because otherwise it would be dishonest . 
  this must be shut downf or obvious reasons . 
  dont let this one slip under . 
  its obvious what those authoritarian laws are for . 
  do not question the eu , do not question our descisions , or we have a very looseley defiend law to crack down on you . 
  arent you supposed to wear realy fancy shoes to your adidas sweatpants ? 
  i would argue that the situation of black americans could be discribed as that . 
  since they pretty much are an ethnicity of their own , lacking any knowledge of their original nation of origin . 
  these issues overlap . 
  just because ethnicity issues dont need to neccesarily be racial issues doesnt mean racial issues cant be issues of ethnicity . 
  oh come on you are grasping for straws . 
  you are again arguing semantics while ignoring the point that stands for a couple of posts now . 
  the most influential place in britain has no majority of the britano-saxon , if we want to be specific , ethnic group . 
  missed the point i was making and again arguing with silly semantics . 
  nationality isnt ethnicity . 
  we were speaking about one of these things and not about the other . 
  fun fact , bavarians are both bavarian and german , ethnically . 
  but thats besides the point . 
  you made the argument that beeing majority of the native population is not a factor for beeing the capital and you took bavaria as an example of that , i refuted this claim . 
  you cant now go act like it was * me * who made that argument in the first place . 
  what ? 
  america still has huge problems dealing with ethnicity . 
  it isnt the capital of bavaria . 
  bavaria may be part of germany but it is a free state , did you not know that ? 
  berlin is the capital of bavaria but its not the bavarian capital . 
  berlin is the capital of germany . 
  bavarians are a sub group of germans . 
  who knew . 
  as a result , they are both represented in their respective capitals , as germans in berlin and as bavarians in munich . 
  sweden beeing sweden . 
  `` ethinicties exist '' eugenics, 
  you are conflating ethnicity with nationality . 
  but those are all just semantics explaining away the realiy . 
  the bavarian capital of berlin . 
  ok . you are beeing purposefully ignorant there . 
  there is such a thing as ethnic british . 
  well the problem is if they have no passport , there is nowhere to deport them to , so they just stay in the country with no papers . 
  which isnt any better . 
  more american ? 
  strongly disagree , we dont need more neoliberal shit . 
  we have enaugh of that already . 
  stuff like free education and public health care is amazing . 
  but sweden exists . 
  beware becoming sweden . 
  this is the true face of it yes . 
  how dare the swedes have democracy !, 
  dont you see the genious of it ? 
  muslims beat up jews , they can blame swedes for it !, 
  its a self perpetuating narrative . 
  hahahaha . 
  sweden . 
  yeah , sweden is racist . 
  sweden the least racist coutnry int he world . 
  when will sweden be good enaugh i wonder ? 
  must they all flagellate themselves in public ? 
  will they be good enaugh then ? 
  this is why you never give in to these people . 
  they will never stop demanding more . 
  but hey , saudi arabia ? 
  totally rad dudes !, 
  better watch out for those racist swedes !, 
  the problem here is that right now nobody is actually sent back . 
  asylum equals citzienship due to naturalization after a set year of residence which alot of european countries have . 
  everyone was appalled when in britain the police went silent on sexual crime by foreigners , and now it is suddenly a good thing . 
  nice doublethink !, 
  ( not talking about the person im replying to , just in general people saying that this behaviour is acceptable ), 
  its not them wanting more panic , its them not wanting more criticism of the government . 
  i thought that was already the case, 
  excellent . 
  this will probably acomplish nothing but still , they have to pay for cleaning up all that wet paper . 
  well i dont know anyhting about his political stuff despite doing essentialy what european right wing parties do these days which is talk about immigraiton which no on eelse does and thus siphoning voters . 
  for what its worth , i know hes an asshole .
