  but no , critical voices are still not allowed . 
  huh , then i like this guy . 
  well heres the good thing . 
  im not right wing , i dont give a shit about capitalistic assholes . 
  well yes , bavarians are probably more like austrians than a protestant from hamburg . 
  but then again , im a protestant from austria . 
  yes national states do not perfectly reflect actual ethnicities , but they get close enaugh . 
  to take the austro-bavarian example . 
  austrians and bavarians are rooted in the same ethnicity . 
  however politically they have been divided for so long that it does not appear weird for us to be divided . 
  we dont feel like we are part of one whole , even tho we openly recognize how simmilar we are . 
  but seriously even in the holy roman emprie bavaria and austria were seperate entities despite beeing made up of basically the same sub ethnicity of `` germans '', 
  i was about to say that . 
  huffpo is mostly clickbait leftism . 
  oh thats great , give merkel the nobel prize for saying `` all come to germany '' , bunch of people died getting there but who cares . 
  disregard the germans that have to bear the burden of this descision . 
  so what they want to do ehre is give merkel a nobel prize for not doing anyhtin gbut making an unpopular descision that did not work out like she planned ? 
  shut up and eat up our crap while we observe from our ivory towers . 
  fuck these people . 
  trying to impose authoritarianism upon slavs is such a good idea ... 
  absolutley no respect for the beauty of the world . 
  they speak about homogenity . 
  however , he is the one who is pushing for homogenity . 
  shit like this gets me so fucking angry . 
   national identity through language austrian here : wroooong wrong wrong wrong wrooooong wrooooong umberto eco aperently doesnt know shout about europe , interresting . 
  additionally : the idea of abolishing european identities in favor of one huge european identity is stupid . 
  it worked so well for the us . 
  because its not true . 
  middle europe has the highest child birth rate it had in years . 
  also , population growht is a shit idea in central europe anyway . 
  yet you dont seem to define yourself as `` ethnically american '' . 
  our `` nation '' as a `` nation '' or the thought of it as a nation only exists since the end of world war 2 , before that we refered to ourselves as germans . 
  i just wonder why americans refer to themselves as cultures they dont have anything in common with when thy have a culture of their own that they could identify with in the very same way . 
  probably . 
  look at germany . 
  `` orban is the devil for building a fence '' - `` we need border controlls ! '', 
  full on double standard mode . 
  a murder of two happens . 
  an article gets written in the style of a bad detective book . 
  discribes that the murderer had to face terrible horrors . 
  he was to be sent back to italy . 
  just like the holocaust . 
  ok that last bit was maybe hyperbole but seriously that article is trash . 
  who the hell goes about discribing a murderer as handsome ? 
  for what reason ? 
  this is pretty much the textbook do not do this thing for murder : do not focus on the murderer . 
  do not under any circumstances make him into some sort of anti hero . 
  there is a special kind of hypocrisy that is accusing your political enemies of capitalizing on a tragedy while doing the exact same thing . 
  america has a real problem with nation . 
  its probably because nation is defined differently in europe . 
  ancestry is part of it sure . 
  but if ancestry is all youve got we usually dont see that as beeing part of that nation . 
  the thing is that the usa doesnt see itself as a `` nation '' , whcih is kind of unfortunate for that sorta thing . 
  1 . negative feelings ? 
  yes , traveled there ? 
  so i cant comment . 
  2 . see above 3 . 
  depends . 
  do they speak the language ? 
  do they know the culture ? 
  have they actually been here ? 
  i know that some tyroleans live in south america that speak german and are basically tyroleans , so yeah , sure . 
  i would say they are `` ethnically austrian '' if such a thing exists . 
  those that are just americans who have austrian ancestors ? 
  im not a slovak either because my grandfather was . 
  awsome mountains and an interresting history . 
  also the worlds biggest medieval weaponry . 
  well no it has to do with the refugees not wanting to stay in those countries , which is exactly what happened in hungary . 
  well there are plenty more . 
  hungary for example which very much is an eu country . 
  and yes , them beeing poorer countries ( tho i wouldnt argue that turkey is poor ) was the point i was making . 
  nobody has the `` human right '' to live in a rich country . 
  in some countries yes . 
  however i would argue that my stance of characterizing powerfull figures as undemocratic when they openly oppose a view of the general public is not a flawed one . 
  note , nobody is asking for said countries to break any laws ... 
  putting words in my mouth . 
  i dont claim to be objective . 
  i mereley point out that you arent either and as a result your point that democracy is defined in such and such a way is not realy something you can hold against my argument . 
  yeah , you are obviously biased . 
  you present the opposit side in an extremley simplistic fashion here . 
  if slovakians do not wish to have refugees redistributed to their country because where they are is not a war zone then no thats not them beeing clueless twits thats them having an opinion and their government disregarding this opinion is anti democratic in any potential meaning of the word . 
  you are technically right on one thing and wrong on a part of the first thing and also wrong on a second thing . 
  ill start with the big wrong : wether or not democracy needs `` pillars '' is not for you to decide . 
  the greeks didnt have these when they invented democracy and the german thing didnt either . 
  neither did the romans and quite frankly post revolution france doesnt either . 
  what there is are laws . 
  and laws can only be changed by having a large majority beeign in favor of it . 
  it is a fallacy to think that there is any law that is beyond questioning . 
  when you forbid questioning somehting , it becomes a dogma . 
  this is how authroitarianism works . 
  the second part is the asylum bit . 
  you are right , technically everyone has the right to have your application for asylum tried . 
  but not in every country . 
  nobody has the right to go to germany . 
  they have the right to get asylum in some country . 
  and if that country is called turkey , or serbia , then tough luck . 
  beggars cant be choosers . 
  furthermore , europa is not required to take as many people as there are . 
  i dont know the exact source for the statistic so please dont pin me down on that one but i think i can say that a large portion of the world is eligible for asylum status in europe . 
  as a result , the idea of first come first serve is ridiculous .
