  well but thats a pretty meta viewpoint . 
  i mean , sure you could say those thingsa are a given but they matter to people , you cant just rationalize that away , if ethnicity is a big deal for people then it is . 
  and with freedom , well i dont see if i want to give people the freedom to be whatever culture they are , diviisons exist but not all divisions are the same , and the divisions that we got right now are strong . 
  he argues as if the divisions were the same always , but thats not actually true . 
  some are stronger , some are weaker . 
  interresting article , but i dont think he draws all the right conclusions . 
   the experience of living in a society made diverse by mass immigration should be welcomed . 
  first on he goes on to say how it all doesnt work , and then that . 
  heres the thing . 
  he came on to say that the french and english solutions , altough compleltey different , had the same result . 
  but that doesnt say anyhting other than that ethnic diversity in general breeds resentment . 
  thats all it says . 
  and yes , i understand his argument about the working class in past eras beeing treated as a different race , but that doesnt change anyhting about the fact that it , as he says himself , fractures society . 
   both regard minority communities as homogeneous wholes not something i disagree with but there is no other way of going about it . 
  they do that with natives too . 
  `` those are the conservatives , those are the liberals '' there are too many people to admit every sinlge one . 
   europe needs not so much new state policies as a renewal of civil society . 
  and thats gon na happen now ? 
  calling for a `` renewal of civil society '' is fine and dandy but how do you want to go about that ? 
  tupac alive in serbia !, 
  kill your horse !, 
  i do agree with that beeing the best solution, 
  and who defines what is and is not racist ? 
  oh yeah the women are an issue , my dad told me that aswell cause he used to be a teacher in an immigrant heavy school . 
  basically * if * the parents would show up , the father would do the talking , hed later find out that the women ofthen didnt know german because they kind of see the man as the one who does the talking so they figured they dont need to know german . 
  well no thats not the idea , we arent realy obligated to do any of that . 
  but whatst he alternative ? 
  letting in all of them ? 
  they have to grow up as a nation at some point and do things properly . 
  we should help them achieve that . 
  that beeing said , this probably wont work , it hasnt worked in the irak and it wont work in syria . 
  but taking in refugees isnt a solution , it just transfers those problems to us . 
  its like we find it heartwarmign when a puppy trips and flops about or a monkey falls over . 
  for some reason we find stupidity cute . 
  well yes and people that claim asylum also want naturalization . 
  but that doesnt work . 
  thing is , morals tend to trump reason here . 
  they will always show pictures of little children in the mud and people forget logic . 
  eastern europe isnt more racist , it just doesnt cry racism at everything . 
  this eastern europe isnt more racist , eastern europe doesnt cry racist for no reason . 
  it solves our problem , not theirs !, 
  this is not realy the responsbility of europe is it ? 
  we cant play nanny for the rest of the world . 
  this . 
  the problem is that people will start moralizing then `` but the children grew up here '' `` we cant send them back '' and the shit starts from anew . 
  we had this here already . 
  to be fair , i have very little problem with those that want to leave . 
  afterall , thats the point of asylum . 
  the problem are those that want to stay but not integrate . 
  true that , if anything , they should be persecuting her for that , not for speech !, 
  i havent been there !, 
  thats pretty bad , i got ta go there !, 
  you know what ? 
  no , no you shouldnt be put into jail for that sort of speech . 
  i just hope this was for the right reasons . 
  that person is an absolutley disgusting asshole and a huge hypocrit . 
  it is important that her ideas of `` racism '' or more to the point what is and what is not racism will be seen as what they are : idiocy . 
  [ archived link ] ( https://archive.is/qtldy ) !, 
  do not give ad revenue to buzzfeed !, 
  because its buzzfeed and buzzfeed is stupid stupid stupid clickbait and that link should be archived !, 
  authoritarianism is rising everywhere , scary shit . 
  and i thought our politicians are stupid , i mean they are , but not that stupid, 
  doesnt sound particulary professional . 
  thats a politicians ? 
  sadly not very , dont speak swedish . 
  source ? 
  if im already getting angry im better doing it for a reason . 
  honestly i wouldnt have problems with seein more scandinavian women when im on vacation in greece ... 
  dont forget the teutonengrill . 
  as for squatting / r/slavsquat is the sub it hink . 
  its mostly associated with russian gopniks and polish lower class people . 
  the typical picture is a group of slavs wearing adidas tracksuits/jogging pants with gold chains and fancy shoes , sipping cheap beer or vodka and smoking while all squatting down in a circle . 
  wait , digging is the german equivalent of slavsquatting ? 
  better be joking . 
  well they * did * build a muslim prayer house up there because they thought it would get them wealthy saudi tourists . 
  they didnt realy think that the saudis prefer to be in swizerland with all the other rich people . 
  im afraid i dont follow . 
  i dont know about that guy . 
  but i know one thing , iceland turned around realy fast and in full force . 
  i have no idea how they did it but i assume witchcraft did play its part . 
  heres a story about that mountain : the zugspitze was a gift to germany by the austrian kaiser so the germans would have at least one tall mountain . 
  what do the germans do ? 
  they build an ugly as fuck platform on top . 
  i guess they wanted to make it more tourist friendly . 
  but to me thats just ugly . 
  even worse than what they did with our dear dachstein . 
  a day later actually , and we do it here aswell . 
  i think its a catholic thing . 
  post national identity . 
  it almost sounds as ugly as it is . 
  personally i find that ... not aesthetically pleasing is i guess the best way i can discribe it . 
  identifying a german `` nationalism of economy '' is very interresting nad not a way i have looked at it . 
  maybe that explains the german way of looking at themselves very well . 
  it is disgusting and idiotic that someone has an opinion !, 
  let me instead be vague and dismissive !, 
  yeah , / r/europe is the shithole , right . 
  well yeah . 
  they arent an outgroup . 
  thats the important think to take away from that . 
  yes but in the context that `` moor '' is a term that refers to a black person .
