  when its talking about a `` failed test '' and `` ethnically homogenous countries '' ( as if thats a bad thing ) refusing ? 
  wait . 
  so they are fighting to modernize islam by ... segregating genders even more ? 
  is this for real ? 
  had this discussion on here already , if they only disable it on certain topics that to me is the same thing . 
  deliberatley supressing opinions they know will pop up . 
  pretty much my reaction , i should have known after / r/centaur tho ... 
  shit , here i am agreeing with an american on eu politics . 
  yeah , well said mate . 
  because muslims rank higher than jews on the opression olympics . 
  this is a sentiment that europe has imported from the us where jews are seen as wealthy and powerfull . 
  which is realy weird . 
  for all its holocaust obsession , central europe , especialy austria and germany , is quick to throw jews under the bus in favor of the newest `` opressed '' group . 
  my guess : too few jews here so that they are worth pandering to . 
  i for one feel that the eu is actually opening up the individual nations to corporate power , instead of protecting them . 
  yeah right , the guardian , like how you totally dont censor your comment sections . 
  oh right . 
  i actually agree , im quite happy that we still have it . 
  funnly enaugh , i wasnt happy when we voted on keeping it . 
  but hey , hindsight . 
  the local is a racist propaganda site ? 
  oh come on . 
  its not exactly mainsteam but * racist propaganda site * ? 
  if thats a racist propaganda site to you then you just prove that what i think about sweden is correct . 
  i dont know , muslims tend to not get westernised , especialy if there are alot of them . 
  well no , no im not . 
  im not reading any blogs . 
  im reading this sub , and every single submission about sweden is a desaster . 
  heh , but well , they probably do it one way or another , terrible people that they are . 
  no , i think such a thing would be bad . 
  nationalism in europe should be based on its individual nations , such an idea of a pan european nationalism would fail . 
  and if it would succeed , it would basically be `` murica 2 : eu boogaloo '' you can not force a nation , europe is not * a * nation . 
  the idea that europe needs to be homogenized is ridiculous , it is putting culture against economic gain and as such is not particulary far sighted . 
  a good or a bad economy comes and goes in a couple of years , cultures last centuries , longer than that even . 
  trying to destroy that to strengthen the internal consistency of the eu realy just means that you are attempting to controll the european people . 
  for me personally , the idea is simply not aesthetically pleasing and thus irrelevant . 
  no lukewarm `` eu '' nation could ever please my sensibilities as such i have no love for such a ridiculous concept . 
  well its good they do that now . 
  the higher the muslim population the higher the chance of this actually working out . 
  if they had waited it out for a couple of years this could be far more effective . 
  good , prove em right !, 
  how would it be ? 
  every single article posted by someone who actually got to see it said that there is no positive in this . 
  also the idea alone that even politicians only get to see it for what ? 
  two hours ? 
  with no translator programs and only written notes ? 
  thats ridiculous . 
  anything that is this restrictive should be declined immediatly , there is no reason for this secrecy other than to supress the fact that this is not to the benefit of one partner of the negotiation . 
  i didnt say ttip is treason , i say those people that vote for it are traitors , there is a difference . 
  treason is a crime , beeing a traitor isnt . 
  simply put : there is absolutley no reason that anyone with the best interrest of the european people in mind would vote for ttip , my best guess : anyone that votes for it is either bought or is following the party line made by people that are beeing bought . 
  given that the one swede here said all the problems will solve itself if only you wait long enaugh ... 
  keep telling yourself that , swede . 
  you think if you pretend that you know the answers already , your version of the story will come true . 
  well this isnt happening and its quite obvious . 
  right now you remind me of some medieval peasant thinking that his prayers will eventually pay off . 
  well in sweden , given the extreme views their press has , it might seem very likeley that you have a `` social taboo '' opinion even if it is perfectly normal . 
  only 40 % ? 
  the swedes must be either the most patient or the most insane people on earth . 
  this , they are afraid that someone might actually leak something , but if they were to take a picture one way or another , the program would immediatly recognize which person that was , or at least at what time what person was reading . 
  obviously this would not work if one were to type this up , but then again this would make it less believeable . 
  all this ttip stuff makes me realize one thing : we used to hang traitros , not elect them . 
  imo if ttip passes , it would be a good idea to dig into those that voted on it . 
  chances are , youll find corruption . 
  there is no way anyone would vote for something that is so anti consumer and so heavily in favor of big foreign companies without beeing corrupt . 
  its simply not possible without that person beeing corrupt or very stupid , in either case they shouldnt be allowed to have a say on * anything * . 
  not talking about news but german private tv you know . 
  isnt hessian a southern german accent aswell simmilar to bavarian or alemannic ? 
  pretty sure even if hessian isnt bavarian they still use simmilar grammar . 
  so yeah , probably a northern german thing . 
  but thats what an austrian thinks of a german . 
  you can probably blame tv aswell , since almost all german tv has this pseudo berlin dialect . 
  worst part is when you hear kids talking like that . 
  vorarlberg is actually closer to swissgerman than austro-bavarian tho . 
  i think this mostly comes from germans using the preteritum which in austria is only used for writing , which means they sound overly formal and posh to us . 
  i think its more a grammar thing than a pronounciation thing . 
  does remind me of our perchts quite a bit . 
  well , geographically close , who knows from where , or when , that tradition realy originates from . 
  they got something simmilar in swizerland too . 
  actually its germany who doesnt . 
  they stole our old one . 
   german in europe ? 
  not as french or english for sure . 
  german is the most spoken native language in europe , germany the biggest economy . 
  english matters more but german is the tyroleans native language afterall . 
   but the world is globalized . 
  only if you allow it to be . 
  dont make it sound inevitable . 
   economic benefits of schengen and more integration are undeniable . 
   schengen not realy a great timing for that argument isnt it ? 
  maybe less so for italy but for central europe ? 
  yeah , not great timing . 
  thats utter nonsense . 
  they arent housed permanently . 
  and just because `` they have a roof over their head '' doesnt mean they arent homeless , it just means they have shelter for the night . 
   it is literally impossible for you to end up homeless in germany if you do not want it . 
  this is what some people actually believe . 
  holy shit . 
  this is such a ridiculous mindset . 
  `` anyone who is homeless deserves it '' , no , you have no idea .
