very true , it was a meaningless war . 
  thankfully it is doubtful that such an ill considered war will ever be fought again, 
  i agree with most of your points , but the blockade on germany is what caused its surrender in 1918 , and a generation of young british men was lost on the western front . 
  the contribution of britain and her commonwealth in the first world war was one of the largest . 
  please forgive us , not all britishers are like that specimen, 
  where are the mongols when you need them ? 
  not in the video game , which is what his presumably means, 
  not the game , which is what is being discussed here, 
  get out . 
  sadly it 's too late for my country, 
  can wales become part of scotland please ? 
  perhaps it will buy us independence once the tories really fuck up, 
  it 's the case in other eu countries too , not sure why i 'm giving an idiot like you the time of day to be honest . 
  enjoy your bliss in ignorance, 
  happened with the hillsborough disaster too , do n't try to spin it up like it was a government conspiracy for muslims , it is the police being dicks because they can, 
  you do n't get that in the uk , you can express what opinion you like , you may be hated for it and heckled , but you wo n't be arrested . 
  you obviously are against the freedom to express opinion , if you are against so called `` traitors '' from expressing opinions, 
  cover up ? 
  i 've heard about it , as does every single person i know , by definition not a cover up, 
  username checks out ... hypocrite, 
  i 'm not complaining , i was just counteracting the claim that our media is somehow light on islamist terrorism , which it is n't . 
  the guardian is the only one you could think of eh ? 
  far more papers orientated to the right you will find, 
  i 've had a gutsfull with the eu referendum debate , shit slinging on both sides by the right wing capitalists on one side and right wing nationalists on the other , our media is definitely not leftist , they have n't even branded the murderer of jo cox a terrorist yet , the media is n't sympathetic to extremists , it just knows there will be consequences if we brand someone as something too soon . 
  dude , i 've lost the will to try to convince you to come back from the dark side , try to look at the world with a lighter perspective . 
  also i 'm not a `` liberal '' , that 's a centre right term , 
  i see you 've got you tinfoil hat on , until you take a good long hard look at yourself and realise that you 're a part of the problem there will be no hope for humanity, 
  fascism goes both ways , not only muslims can be extremists , we saw jo cox murdered by another sort of extremist in this ` war ' that 's going on . 
  i was n't on about burying our heads in the sand , but there are alternatives to brutally murdering people in the street and the outright ostricisation of anyone who adheres to a certain religion , as you seem to condone, 
  holy shit , i did n't realise this was such a wide problem , so who are you assigned to assassinate then ? 
  hahaa hahaha ahahaaha hahaa you 're serious ? 
  really ? 
  you seem to forget the mp jo cox is on the left , was she a fascist ? 
  are people who battle for workers rights , universal healthcare , freedom of speech fascists ? 
  what kind of fantasy world do you live in mate ? 
  your comment does not detract from the fact that islamists are far right reactionaries . 
  a true man of the left does not accept bigotry and hate , i condemn anyone who lays a hand on another simply for their words spoken . 
  i am no apologist . 
  i have no sympathy for those who incite hate , be it towards religious minorities , or towards freedom of speech . 
  what world are you living in mate ? 
  your words echo those of the nazis in 1930 's germany , blaming a minority for the `` downfall of the europe '' . 
  we are living in the golden age of human peace and cooperation , and it 's the far right that threaten everything by dividing briton on briton , european on european . 
  i hear of no anarchists using violence , i hear of no `` freedom fighters '' destroying people 's lives . 
  i hear only elements of the far right being radicalised be it motivated by outdated religious teachings or irate nationalism , which only serve to divide for the benefit of the few . 
  if we forget our past , we will be condemned to repeat it , war is no longer an option , as it will result in the death of all people . 
  and it 's people like you who scapegoat the most vulnerable that are going to incite this war , no one else , but you . 
  no , i 'm clearly expressing my opinion towards the far right fascists who commend violence and deserve nothing but contempt, 
  the left is the last bastion of true freedom for people , islam is the product of the reactionary right, 
  you do n't care about europe if you do n't care about the freedom to express opinions , you absolute shitcunt, 
  disgusting fascist , showing their true colours now i suppose . 
  why ca n't the people who want to do these things off themselves rather than harm innocents, 
  if anything it 'll be us that collapses, 
  as a welshman , this triggers me hard, 
  no , the uk could have done that through being in the eu and vetoing everything and negotiating special deals for itself , like it always has done, 
  your should see the pro brexit propaganda ... 
  the uk contributed a lot to the eu though , you can hardly call a net contributor dead weight . 
  this opinion coming from a remain voter, 
  to be honest i see and speak to muslims every day , and they 're people like anyone else . 
  there are extremists , but the extremists i 'm most afraid of are those of the far right . 
  one of our mps was murdered by one not too long ago , and they 're far more prelevant in europe than islamic extremists . 
  you are clearly not from any european country, 
  all of those things are completely compatible with europe , hence why we are in it . 
  that 's what 's so funny, 
  what do you mean ? 
  most scots voted remain, 
  indeed , the anti european propaganda from out tabloids i would consider to be the prime reason people voted out, 
  i remember there we 're a few polls on yougov . 
  just under , and possibly over , half the country being in favour of remain does n't constitute a `` very small minority '' either , i might add, 
  indeed , i wish more people , regardless for what they voted for , will understand this, 
  this is just upholding our democracy , sadly parliament will all but vote leave, 
  indeed , leaving the eu will have a terrible effect here in wales especially, 
  not really , if anything more people would now vote remain if there was a second referendum, 
  it is indeed the best thing for our country , regardless of our opinions on the matter, 
  can wales into relevance ? 
  we 'll agree to disagree , the eu has contributed loads to peace in europe and closer cooperation socially and economically . 
  no one says the eu is perfect , and i personally feel that a close relationship between european nations is essential , if we are not to become pawns in the superpowers ' games, 
  no worries , i definitely can be an idiot sometimes to be fair, 
  i meant the person who literally commented before you the exact same thing, 
  witty retort boyo , have n't heard that one before, 
  you just know they will though , and their kids will have equally shitty and condescending personalities, 
  okay . 
  you win this internet fight , i guess , congrats , your kids will be proud, 
  i 'm intrigued , in what way am i supposedly right ? 
  it makes me seethe to the core , our offspring will look at us like we are idiots, 
  the uk has very tightly controlled immigration , stop flogging a dead horse . 
  the eu is far more than just an immigration deal, 
  i 'm just dissilutioned about it all , the only good outcome is remaining in the eu , everything else results in loss, 
  should of , could of , didn ` of, 
  there is still time , send help !, 
  haha i figured as such , and you are n't far off i 'm sure !, 
  well i was using sports as an example of the deeper sense of adherence to a nation in these countries , if you asked a person from the uk what their nationality was , you would n't find a huge amount calling themselves british as such , in germany i 'd imagine most would answer german rather than bavarian or rheinlander also i 'd definitely recommend visiting wales !, 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find a friendlier people , 
  never knew that either , i highly doubt people will confuse the two nowadays to be honest, 
  perhaps , ` great ' britain an arrogant name in my opinion , but that may be my welsh instincts coming though haha, 
  you 're strictly correct , however it 's common to have the uk be portrayed as countries in union more than a country in itself , hence why it 's displayed in this manner, 
  well being from wales myself we very much consider ourselves as a country within a union , we even have our own sports team and national anthem . 
  but yeah we are n't ilan independent sovereign state so to speak, 
  i 'm personally happy to see our glorious dragon on the map , your miles may vary of course , 
  it 's from all the british nation subs , r/wales r/scotland and r/england ( with what ever the northern irish one is ), 
  because the united kingdom is truly a union of nations , with strong national identities with each .
