  who gets the better deal depends on who has the leverage . 
  that 's how diplomacy works . 
  if you look at that and see a big corporation shitting on a small business then that should already tell you a lot about how tough these negotiations are going to be . 
  not because the eu wants to make them tough , but because the uk is in a weak position . 
  anyway , i 'm not so quick to count them out . 
  brexit was the uk taking a massive dump on the eu to protect their own interests , it 's not like they 're helpless . 
  i want to see both sides do well , we 're all european after all . 
  see ? 
  it 's already starting . 
  look , it 's not in either side 's interest to make enemies out of each other . 
  but the eu is interested in preserving the eu . 
  they 're going to look out for their own interests * just like any country would * . 
  whatever deal the uk gets out of this will be a deal negotiated between two world powers to the best of their respective abilities . 
  but what should be clear from the start is that , with respect to the eu , the uk 's access and influence will be * less * than it was . 
  that 's the only acceptable outcome for the eu because anything else would mean the end of the whole endeavor . 
  the eu does n't need or want to see the uk crippled , but it ca n't allow the uk to retain the benefits of being in the eu from outside the eu . 
  if the uk can deal with that and prosper anyways then awesome , best outcome for everyone . 
  if not , that 's on * you * , not the eu . 
  this is what you ( the people ) voted for . 
  greece was given bailouts , was n't it ? 
  the unemployment system works because there are measures in place to make sure it 's not abused . 
  being on welfare sucks ass , everyone knows this . 
  if it were a breeze then the system * would * collapse . 
  it will probably come to that eventually but it 's not a simple case of ` what 's best for greece ' . 
  if the eu 's only worry was growth in greece of course they 'd have cut the debt a long time ago , but it goes beyond that . 
  there * is * a kind of punishment being inflicted here . 
  it 's not just greece 's financial stability on the line but that of the whole ez . 
  greece was given access to cheap loans because they were backed by the strength of the ez , and those loans were abused to fund an unsustainable fiscal policy . 
  if you let that slide with a bailout and a haircut that erodes trust in the credibility of the ez as a whole , it has a negative impact on * all * ez countries . 
  investors will have to start assuming their money is n't safe there . 
  any country could be the next to default on its obligations and then their cash is gone . 
  in addition it sends a signal to other ez countries that hey , do n't worry about your irresponsible spending . 
  if you get into trouble we 'll fix it for you . 
  not only is that sure to breed more crises down the line but you 'll never sell that approach to the voters in the ez countries who will be ponying up the cash to fix those problems . 
  the * worst * thing you can do to a welfare system is to give the population funding it the impression that it 's being abused at their expense . 
  it 's a shitty situation for all involved . 
  obviously it 's the most shit for the greek people , but the ez has their own worries . 
  they did n't choose this course just to be dicks . 
  would n't be so surprising since most european countries were ` doing fine ' before the eu too . 
  would basically mean the benefits and liabilities of being in the eu sum to zero in the end . 
  the interesting cases are the uk doing much worse or much better . 
  obviously if they do much better outside the eu that 's a pretty good argument against the whole system . 
  first year after i moved to germany i was chastised by my boss for * not * taking my full 6 weeks vacation . 
  that was quite a shock coming from north america . 
  headline is complete bollocks . 
  `` some greek economists '' ! = `` the country 's officials '' . 
  i 'm glad we could preempt a bad meme chancellor with our own competent meme chancellor . 
  so smart . 
  someone get ja rule on the phone !, 
  lets see what ja 's thoughts are on this whole trump situation . 
  the longer these protests go on the more the pressure builds , not just from the people of romania but from inside the government , the eu and other democratic countries too . 
  you can bet there 's a lot more going on behind the scenes than you 're seeing . 
  just keep the pressure up . 
  what else would you be doing that 's more important than this ? 
  that 's all well and good if you can offer a viable replacement to the role that journalism is supposed to serve . 
  their job is to bring information to the public that was n't already in the public domain . 
  who 's going to take over that responsibility ? 
  what 's happening in society today is that critical thinking is becoming the most important skill you have . 
  it used to be that certain sources of information could be trusted , the news for instance , or doctors , or scientists . 
  today nothing can be trusted , * everything * has to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  we all need to learn how to wade through the bullshit to find the real facts . 
  that 's a skill and it needs to be practiced and applied to everything . 
  see an article quoting a politician that seems biased ? 
  go find the original video or the transcript and look at the context yourself . 
  science news claiming something 'cause s ' cancer again ? 
  go find the original study , find out who sponsored it , find out where it was published , what were the actual words the scientists used in their results ? 
  we all have more free time today than any of our ancestors did and we 've got the entire planet , everything humanity knows , inside our fucking smartphones . 
  what a sad state of affairs if we still rely on other people to tell us what 's true . 
  there are a few things to consider . 
  first the $ 7,7 is a cap , not a fixed rate . 
  companies are free to make deals with each other for less , and now that they ca n't shovel the fees directly onto the roaming customers there will be more incentive to do that . 
  companies with better roaming deals will be able to reduce their costs . 
  in fact they could reduce their cost * and * continue to limit roaming data using the 7,70 figure . 
  second , the cap decreases year by year down to $ 2,5 . 
  this also means roaming customers will be able to use more data , but it gives the industry time to adjust . 
  and lastly there are safeguards in place for ` abuse ' , both in cases where individual customers are roaming too much and on a provider level . 
  the vast majority of people might only be roaming for a 2 or 3 weeks a year so it probably wo n't be a massive problem . 
  i think roaming charges between carriers will fall dramatically , well below the eu mandated cap . 
  they 're all in the same regulatory boat now and providers who continue to act like arseholes might find themselves without any roaming agreements going forward . 
  the way it 's set up it is n't as a big a problem as you might think . 
  costs for the provider are essentially capped by what the customer pays for his plan : http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/memo-16-4396/en/factsheet_roaming_technical_jan17.pdf, 
  check here , there 's a better explanation on the second page : http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/memo-16-4396/en/factsheet_roaming_technical_jan17.pdf tl ; dr : if you have an unlimited plan you 'll get unlimited calls and texts abroad with no extra charge , but your data will be limited to 2x the cost of your plan at $ 7,7 / gb . 
  so if your plan costs $ 50 you 'll get 2 * 50/7 .7 = 13 gb to use abroad with no extra charge . 
  i do n't think this is how it works . 
  look at the wording in here : http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/memo-16-4396/en/factsheet_roaming_technical_jan17.pdf  example : zoran has a $ 20 pay and go ( pre-paid ) card for data , calls and texts . 
  by the time he goes on holiday , zoran has $ 13 credit remaining on his card . 
  ** while being abroad , zoran can enjoy a volume of data equivalent to the value of his credit . 
  ** this means he gets the equivalent of $ 13 worth at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
  based on the caps agreed by the european parliament and member states , this would give zoran almost 1.7 gb of data roaming in as of 15 june 2017 and 5.2 gb of data roaming as of january 2022 . 
   example : with his $ 70 per month contract , tim living in the netherlands gets unlimited calls , texts and data for his smartphone . 
  while travelling abroad , he will have unlimited calls and text . 
  ** for data , he will get twice the equivalent of $ 70 worth at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
  ** based on caps agreed by the european parliament and member states , this would give tim over 18 gb of data roaming as of 15 june 2017 and 56 gb of data roaming as of january 2022 . 
  so according to those 2 examples , you ca n't use more data than you pay for in your home country . 
  thus the losses to your provider are capped , and since the whole idea of this scheme is to offer free roaming for * travel * and not as a permanent thing , those losses wo n't be ongoing . 
  plus providers will be encouraged to secure good roaming deals with each other now that they ca n't pass the charges off directly to the roaming customers . 
  before this was n't an issue for them , since everyone just accepted that roaming fees were fucking ridiculous . 
  now the providers who can secure better deals ( cheaper than the caps the eu set ) will be able to reduce their costs . 
  it 's all been thought through pretty well imo . 
  i found a clearer explanation of it in their technical fact sheet : http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/memo-16-4396/en/factsheet_roaming_technical_jan17.pdf  example : with his $ 70 per month contract , tim living in the netherlands gets unlimited calls , texts and data for his smartphone .
