  while travelling abroad , he will have unlimited calls and text . 
  for data , he will get twice the equivalent of $ 70 worth at the wholesale roaming data price cap . 
  based on caps agreed by the european parliament and member states , this would give tim over 18 gb of data roaming as of 15 june 2017 and 56 gb of data roaming as of january 2022 . 
  no it really is roaming fees they 're talking about so it 'll be a seamless transition . 
  i could cross the border into the netherlands and keep using my german data plan there at no extra cost . 
  what * is n't * included ( i think ) are long distance calls . 
  so if i call a number in the netherlands from my german plan i 'll be paying long distance fees , even if i 'm * in * the netherlands when i make the call . 
  basically it all works as if i were still in germany . 
  as long as you 're just traveling there yeah . 
  if you live there the german provider could ask you to prove residency or a `` stable link '' in germany ( like a job ) . 
  we 'll see , but part of this deal was regulating the wholesale price that carriers charge each other for roaming customers . 
  that 's being forcibly kept low now . 
  it could even end up making prices cheaper . 
  link here : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-193_en.htm, 
   mobile operators have to offer their roaming services at domestic prices to consumers who either normally reside in or have stable links to the member state of the operator , while those customers are periodically travelling in the eu . 
  if necessary , operators can ask their customers to provide proof of residence or of such stable links to the member state in question . 
  no , he 's not arguing that it 's undervalued . 
  he 's arguing that germany is deliberately undervaluing it to exploit its trading partners . 
  those are two different things . 
  it 's not a position . 
  he said the uk would be welcome to reapply in the future and the negotiations for that would start from scratch , with a faster process than normal given their history together . 
  and he was n't shouting about it , he was pressed to answer the question by the interviewer and seemed reluctant to talk about something he saw as `` unrealistic '' . 
  hey , we could try watching the actual interview to see the context this was said in . 
  could be interesting !, 
  4m40s : http://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/upfront/2017/01/brexit-uk-deal-170127123245345.html the interviewer pushed him to answer the question `` could the uk rejoin the eu if they wanted to in the future '' and his answer was basically `` sure , if they go through the application process of course it 's possible '' . 
  where 's the news here ? 
  that 's exactly the answer you 'd expect . 
  in particular this part of the msn article :  mr verhofstadt 's remarks to al jazeera english reflect a stubborn strand of thought in brussels eu institutions and some eu capitals that britain will bitterly regret its decision to quit the eu and will soon be seeking a way to rejoin the club . 
  is purely editorial because at no point in the interview did verhofstadt give that impression . 
  in fact it was exactly the opposite , he seemed adamant about getting the article 50 negotiations done by 2019 . 
  [ good old canadian wisdom . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqx56-vwim4 ), 
  we can have the next war in vr . 
  each country sends best esports team , everyone agrees winner has made his country great again . 
  so do we but it 's not the same . 
  cooperation with other eu universities comes practically for free in terms of added bureaucracy , when you bring an international partner into the mix it all gets much more complicated . 
  for example , international partners in any project funded through an eu grant need to fund their part themselves . 
  that brings questions of ip ownership which necessitates a formal contract . 
  access to resources like supercomputer clusters needs to be tracked and compensated . 
  data protection and privacy policies need to be agreed on ( eg . 
  hosting medical data of patients outside of the eu ) . 
  these are all standard things that need to be worked out on a case by case basis , the international agreements just provide the legal guidelines for doing it . 
  most of that becomes unnecessary when you partner with another eu country because we 're all operating on common ground so to speak . 
  i think people underestimate how much research funding comes from the eu these days . 
  i know in our department over half the projects are funded directly through eu grants and a lot of them involve collaborations with universities in other eu countries . 
  it 's gon na be a real mess to find a solution that does n't ostracize english universities . 
  wilders is trying hard to duplicate that weird furry gas on trump 's head . 
  then we need more regulation , but you ca n't charge them for acting like a business . 
  they saw a risk-free opportunity for profit and took it like any business would . 
  the failure was allowing this investment to be risk free without proper regulation to control it . 
  if you ask me we need much tighter controls on the banking sector . 
  any business that 's too big or too important to fail needs to be prevented from exploiting that fact . 
  last i heard the eu was working on new banking reform legislation but i 'm not sure how far that got . 
  might be difficult to find a law to charge them with . 
  they bet on loans to eu member states being secured against default regardless of the risk , and it turns out they were right . 
  when you 're faced with something that could impact you directly but is n't understandable the natural question is `` can i trust the people and the process involved to look out for my interests ? '' . 
  the people lost trust in that process with ttip , that 's what it boils down to . 
  sure but after reading `` plan for ** britain ** '' 12 times in a row i 'm almost convinced it 's a plan for britain . 
  anyone who 's interested in how this all went down and the differences between how the us and eu responded to it should check out [ daniel lange 's talk at 33c3 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ktd4pwfagu ) . 
  almost every car maker was involved in this scandal and i think this is good evidence that expecting an industry to ` police itself ' is not a good idea . 
  there was also [ a second talk by felix domke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccu8xihjkwc ) but it 's very technical and probably only interesting to programmers and hackers . 
  he pulled apart the ecu software of a specific opel model and found very clear emissions cheating in it too . 
  this was done for an investigative reporting piece by wdr ( [ press release here in german ] ( http://www1.wdr.de/daserste/monitor/extras/opel-128.html ) ) . 
  i guess because it 's a holiday anyway . 
  everything is closed , the streets are relatively empty , makes the evacuation easier . 
  the real festivities are on the 24th anyway , for a lot of people christmas day is spent visiting extended family . 
  i spent some time in italy and loved it there , wayyy too much to see in a week though . 
  [ sunset in florence ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d07uc0w.jpg ) [ inside saint peter 's in the vatican ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jogssfu.jpg ), 
  $ 75k a year gross is around $ 3,500 a month net in the highest tax bracket for singles with public health insurance , so there 's an extra $ 600 disposable income for you . 
  with private insurance you could probably save another $ 100 a month . 
  i think quite a few people lease cars here , so they 'll get a new model every 2 or 3 years and the lease just rolls over to it . 
  the only purpose in all of this is to sell the idea of tolls to the german public . 
  in 5 years they 'll reinstate the old car tax under the guise of environmentalism or something * and * leave the tolls intact , then we 'll be paying double . 
  every german i 've given root beer to has told me it tastes like cough medicine or that stuff they give you at the dentist , nobody liked it . 
  maybe it 's just something you have to grow up with . 
  could n't find the exact same products on the german site but similar stuff is also around 5 or 6 euros . 
  or it could be those extra precautions are being used as justification to allow cheaper , sloppier farming practices . 
  ironically salmonella is a much bigger problem in the us than in the eu . 
  the real red herring is the claim that the issue is with the chlorine bath itself . 
  i do n't see how it 's dishonest when they 've been open about their priorities from the start . 
  settling obligations from the previous relationship seems like a reasonable place to start negotiating a new relationship , the eu put out their position , the uk told them to `` go whistle '' , so now they 're practicing their whistling . 
  they 're calling a bluff , simple as that . 
  even if your interpretation is right , so what ? 
  i would n't expect anything less from the eu than to go into these negotiations looking out for * their * best interests . 
  they think they hold all the leverage here and they 're probably right . 
  at the end of the day this whole thing was the uk 's decision . 
  the people in charge over there think they 're better off standing up to other world powers on their own so here 's their chance to prove everyone right . 
  ok . will be interesting to see if the uk can find enough leverage in the negotiations to shit on its obligations because it changed its mind , and if it ca n't i 'm sure people will claim it 's the eu 's fault like it always is . 
  i 've seen [ the tower that they 're building in rottweil ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j3sk1cdvdyk ) to test this ... from the outside ... driving by on the autobahn . 
  even the platform that they used to build it is a kind of elevator that gradually moves up the tower . 
  well no , as soon as the budget is decided money starts to get spent on planning , hiring contractors , clearing the paperwork , starting construction , because that money is * guaranteed to be there . 
  * that 's what it means to agree to a budget . 
  some of those projects are planned in the uk and they should be completed even after the uk has left , because that 's what was agreed to . 
  in return the uk should pay what it agreed to pay and not a cent more or less . 
  anyway , it 's a bargaining chip . 
  the eu * could * decide to cover the uk 's share of the costs but they 're not going to do that without getting something equally valuable in return . 
  why should they ? 
  put a couple sheets of toilet paper on the shelf before you sit down , then it flushes cleanly every time . 
  i get triggered when i see an article reference a study ( especially by a * consultancy firm * ) without linking to the actual study . 
  i ca n't even find it on google .
