even in super progressive/hipster berlin the germans , turks , africans and even european migrants coexist but do n't mingle or socialize much . 
  that 's true even for different groups of germans . 
  people here tend not to mingle with strangers without a reason ( like joining a club or something ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pnjg22gbo6u link to that video for anyone who has n't seen it yet , it 's great . 
  charlie brooker had [ a great piece about this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4vuufntekg&amp;t=1m41s ) in the last wipe . 
  the interview was 60 minutes long , i 'll translate the question and the answer that that quote belongs to but even that 's only a snippet 3/4 of the way through the interview after a lot of stuff was discussed : q : i wonder , frau merkel , how you can have such a positive outlook on the situation in the eu right now when many others are not so optimistic ? 
  for example jean asselborn who just recently said `` we have no clear line to follow anymore . 
  we 're moving toward anarchy '' . 
  do you really believe this anarchic eu , as he describes it , is still willing to participate in a unified solution ? 
  a : first of all i respect the foreign minister of luxembourg very much , but at the end of the day we , as politicians , have a responsibility to carry . 
  anyone can describe a situation , that 's all well and good when you 're a sociologist or a journalist and so on . 
  but we as politicians have the responsibility to take difficult circumstances and find a sensible solution to them . 
  * this * is what drives me and this is the same responsibility that all 28 leaders of the eu states carry . 
  i -- q : but are n't you frustrated that this solution does n't seem to be working ? 
  a : yes of course it frustrates me sometimes . 
  but you take that frustration and you try to find a way to make something sensible of it , that 's what it means to be a politician . 
  you do n't become a politician just to describe the world and conclude that it 's a catastrophe . 
  sometimes things move too slowly , sometimes things do n't work the way you imagine due to conflicts of interest in europe , but , if i can put it this way , it 's my damn duty and obligation to do everything i can to ensure that we find a united solution to this . 
  if you ask me she was talking about her duty as a politician in the eu , and she obviously believes the other 27 leaders have the same duty if the u in eu is supposed to mean anything . 
  nobody * wants * to make trade difficult . 
  the current trade agreements are based on the eu single market system . 
  if you leave that system those agreements no longer apply . 
  it takes time to draft new agreements . 
  those are all simple facts that have nothing to do with how anyone feels about all of this . 
  i 'm guessing [ it went something like this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4f24ozkf7a ) great movie btw . 
  even there things are pretty messed up . 
  here in germany they stream star trek and star trek voyager , but the other star treks are nowhere to be found . 
  explain that one to me , cbs . 
  that definition is so broad that it would include almost any violent conflict , including turkey 's bombing of isis . 
  seems absurd does n't it ? 
  lets not define it `` in its broadest sense '' because it 's not very useful for discussion that way . 
  i 've seen jack links sold in some stores but it 's not exactly high quality . 
  just oven dried meat that was soaked in a bath of sugar water with smoke flavoring . 
  i do n't know enough about the proposal to have an opinion on it , but i do think there 's a lot of pressure from the us and corporate interests to pass it . 
  that in itself is n't a bad thing , they 're just doing their jobs and looking out for their own interests . 
  but it does make me glad that there 's a lot of public pressure * against * the agreement , even if some of it is unfounded or misinformed . 
  that solidifies the position of * our * representatives in these negotiations , who are also doing their jobs representing the interests of the public . 
  if everyone followed the usual advice given here `` lets just wait until it 's finalized '' that counter pressure would be largely absent in the negotiations , and by the time it materializes the agreement is an all-or-nothing deal favoring one side over the other . 
  the deal would ultimately be voted down and all the work would have been for nothing . 
  i think they 're still holding a grudge over what happened during the oil crash in the 80s . 
   mediocre food except butter tarts , those are awesome . 
  i do n't think that would work . 
  honestly this whole situation draws a lot of parallels to federal vs state government , you get the same kinds of arguments there . 
  my state does n't agree with these laws , my state does n't want its tax contribution used for this and that project and so on . 
  in fact the closest analogy i can think of is the [ bloc quebecois ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bloc_qu%c3%a9b%c3%a9cois ) in canada , who want sovereignty and autonomy for quebec at the federal level while keeping the benefits and influence that comes with being part of the federal union of territories . 
  yeah that 's a great deal , but it 's not realistic . 
  you 're either in the shit with the rest of us working to make it better or you 're out , if there were an acceptable in between then surely every country would take that option . 
  they 'd be stupid not to . 
  so really this boils down to 3 choices . 
  stay in the eu and accept the bad with the good , leave the eu and negotiate your position from `` outside the club '' like any other non-eu country or dissolve the eu entirely and everyone goes back to the old europe to start again , which is a huge unknown in terms of what would happen . 
  some of the things the article mentions might have been put in place if the eu never existed , but i do n't think they 'll be as easy to negotiate with the eu from outside the eu . 
  what kind of message would that send to other eu member countries ? 
  you can leave and keep the benefits you like without the things that you do n't agree with ? 
  that can only have one outcome : scrap the eu altogether . 
  now maybe that 's the best thing to do anyway , scrapping the eu , i do n't know . 
  but it would be taking 10 steps back in the hopes that the 10 steps forward over the next couple of decades will put you in a better place than you are now . 
  that 's a big gamble for all of europe , not just the uk . 
  keep in mind treaties like this are designed to be a foundation for businesses to invest on . 
  once they 're signed and ratified they 're very difficult to change because entire economies will change to take advantage of the changes they bring . 
  being able to abolish it on a whim would defeat the purpose of having it in the first place , you 'd not only be risking your own economy but all the economies that ratified the treaty as well . 
  that kind of thing would n't be taken lightly by those other countries . 
  well they 're still trying to sell us a reason for keeping the solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag now that east germany is doing fine , i guess this fits the bill . 
  the important thing is that everyone had fun , we 're all winners !, 
  ok but most western countries have high taxes on alcohol and tobacco , including the us . 
  maybe the italian delegation to iran is hoping for a giant hooker and wine orgy as a sign of respect in return . 
  good . 
  swr should let the spd and the greens sit it out if they want to . 
  it 's not up to them to decide who gets to take part in the democratic process and who does n't . 
  inviting only parties that are in the parliament already is stupid , how are they supposed to have a fair shot at gaining seats in the next election if you exclude them from things like this ? 
  you do n't need to invite * all * the parties but at least take the top 5 in terms of recent polls . 
  depends , have they applied for the proper tanzgenehmigung ( dancing permit ) or not ? 
  also not all dancing is treated the same , you might get a permit for a waltz but not for twerking . 
  it is a religious day after all so you got ta show a bit of respect . 
  time to raise those petrol taxes !, 
  the problem is these agreements are so convoluted that anyone who is n't an expert in international law has no chance of deciphering them . 
  so we all rely on other people who ( hopefully ) * are * experts to do that deciphering for us , and then that gets filtered down into news media and gets filtered down again when it ends up on sites like reddit . 
  so what are we left with when it reaches us ? 
  the overall tone , that 's all . 
  and if the overall tone from those sources near the top is `` there are some problems here '' * that * is what gets amplified in public opinion . 
  i mean what other choice do we have ? 
  we all have jobs and families , we do n't have time to verse ourselves in every complicated issue of international law . 
  ttip alone is thousands of pages of dense legalese , not even short summaries of the key points are reliable in that kind of forest of vagaries and loopholes . 
  if that 's the strategy you 're going to employ then you should n't be surprised when the general public bases their opinion on feeling and intuition rather than hard facts . 
  i 'm going to read into this some more because obviously i do n't know enough about it . 
  my concerns as a layperson are that it seems to shift a lot of risk over to the state . 
  the whole process does n't seem very transparent and is open to abuse . 
  take lone pine for instance , a canadian company suing the canadian government under nafta through a shell company in delaware . 
  is that what isds was designed for ? 
  i 'm not saying companies should n't have legal recourse if they 've been screwed , governments have that too if companies break regulations . 
  but ( in gabriel 's case ) suing a country for 2 % of its gdp through a shell company in a country that you do n't even operate in seems like a pretty shady arrangement . 
  ah you 're right , they 've already [ sued romania through uk-romania isds agreements ] ( http://www.theecologist.org/news/news_round_up/2984989/romania_faces_256bn_claim_for_failed_gold_mine.html ) for $ 2.56 billion because they happen to have a shell company registered in jersey . 
  and they 're threatening further lawsuits through other agreements up to $ 4 billion . 
  see if ceta had been passed already there 'd be an isds lawsuit on romania 's desk right now . 
  all from the same shop probably , that 's why she got knicked . 
  rhodes himself set up the trust and the scholarships , they were n't named after him later . 
  and i do n't think we have any business renaming something that he personally set up . 
  whatever else he did in his time * that * particular act was good and has done a lot of good for a lot of people , and we can certainly honor that . 
  the same way we can honor churchill for the good he did during wwii and not the fact that he was a racist . 
   interfering with poland 's sovereignty .
