  [ obligatory lewis black ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s8_jxde8ahe&amp;t=1m47s ), 
  not really . 
  the eu made a list of things they want to be compensated for and third parties ( like the financial times ) went through that list and came up with an upper bound of 100 billion . 
  like any negotiation both sides will go in asking for 150 % of what they want and end up settling on 80 % , or whatever . 
  angela bless the eu . 
  honestly i 'm quite sure the tax will be back up to pre-toll levels in 5-10 years and we 'll all end up paying double anyway . 
  it 's given away by the fact the tax is being * reduced * instead of * replaced * . 
   fact is , people who own a house - and therefore preferable persons above the middle class - profit . 
  while everyone else pays . 
  those people also invest tens of thousands of $ of their own money . 
  how much electricity could they afford to buy for $ 20000 ? 
  i pay around $ 60 a month for my electricity , so for the cost of a solar array i could pay my electric bill for 27 years . 
  it only starts to make financial sense when you factor in the ability to sell the excess electricity back to the market . 
  if you think about it what the government actually did is convince homeowners to take a huge portion of the upfront cost on themselves with the promise of a return on investment later . 
  there 's a lot of risk involved with that ( price of solar arrays sinking screwing the early adopters , or the risk of this electricity buy-back program ending at some point , risk of the panels breaking , normal maintenance costs ) . 
  other people do n't have any of that risk , we just pay our electricity bill with the eeg tax and that 's it . 
  that 's how we contribute . 
  if the government had built the arrays themselves they 'd have been responsible for that $ 20000 up front cost per unit , instead of random home owners . 
  that would have translated into a lot * less * solar arrays being built . 
  that 's not even what i wrote . 
   they force rich energy companies ** to buy electricity ** from these normal people . 
  but really , how would you have done this differently ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  that 's a huge stretch if you ask me . 
  they could have just given the whole eeg umlage straight to power companies and told them to build green energy , instead they set aside a bunch of it for normal homeowners . 
  not super rich people , normal people who own a home or a small business . 
  and on top of that to make it more affordable they * force * rich energy companies to buy electricity from these normal people . 
  how would you have done it differently ? 
  what do you mean by profiting ? 
  basically it 's like this . 
  we decided we want to build green energy . 
  green energy is much more expensive than dirty energy . 
  there were two ways to handle this : either force industry to build the expensive stuff and pass the cost onto the customer or tax the customer and use the money to subsidize the expensive green energy . 
  it 's only a question of who controls the cost and obviously the government chose to control it themselves . 
  it 's not automatically corruption just because the government is involved . 
  we have the highest power prices in europe because around 1/3 of it is extra tax to fund all this green energy stuff we 're doing , all of it is much more expensive than coal and gas . 
  those lobbyists are also being forced to buy the energy produced by wind and solar at market rates at their expense . 
  i mean i 'm sure there 's some amount of lobbying and corruption going on but it 's really misleading to just blame it for the high prices . 
  at the same time , fuck the autobahn maut . 
  i would also ban wearing too much cologne or perfume , sometimes it invades my personal space so strongly that i need to move a few feet away . 
  what is it about ireland that made all the other pms unhappy ? 
   companies should pay taxes where the provide their services . 
  if a country has no population then clearly the firm provided services abroad and should be taxed there . 
  that 's a nice sentiment but it 's not how international tax law works . 
  if we can manage to change it and abolish tax offshoring then sure , i agree with you that competition can work . 
  but as long as companies can funnel profits earned in other countries through a single tax haven it 's literally acting as a parasite on the rest of the world . 
   who decides what is whisteblowing and what is blatant publishing of company secrets judges do  in this case they decided stealing documents and publishing company secrets should result in a small fine and $ 1 paid to the company , instead of 10 years jail time . 
  that 's the difference between being a criminal and a legitimate whistleblower . 
  it 's not that it ca n't be tracked , the problem is it 's perfectly legal to avoid paying tax in one country by moving your profits to another . 
  the simplest example is paying a huge `` licensing fee '' for some intellectual property that a sister company of yours owns . 
  you own both companies , but as far as the law is concerned the company in germany had 0 profit because it was all eaten up by a huge licensing fee paid to the company in ireland , or wherever . 
  so legally there 's no profit left for germany to tax despite the fact that it was all ` earned ' in germany . 
  i do n't think it 's something that one country can change without the cooperation of a big chunk of the world , certainly not without the rest of the eu . 
  i mean imagine your country is the only one in the world where corporations actually * have to * pay 30 % of their profit in tax . 
  you 'd destroy their ability to compete in the global market . 
  i think that 's fine . 
  if we can stop all these tax avoidance schemes then it 's fair for some countries to attract companies with lower tax because there are ` controls ' on how low this can go . 
  attracting companies would mean you 're attracting actual production , real jobs . 
  that means you need infrastructure and social programs to support them , so there 's a kind of limit on how low you can go with the tax rate before it becomes unsustainable . 
  it would actually be a healthy way to promote development . 
  but as long as companies can avoid local tax by funneling profits to tax havens it 's just going to end in a worse situation for all of europe . 
  in the current system you 'd be a fool to hinge your country 's economy on low corporate tax because you 're competing with other ` poor ' countries who want the same , and there 's no limit on how low it can go . 
  you 'll end up with almost nothing and you wo n't even have the jobs to show for it , because your country will be full of empty offices whose only purpose is to funnel money through a bank account . 
  i hope people do n't see this as big countries shitting on smaller ones . 
  we need to find a way through this that makes * all * of europe stronger , that 's what the eu is about . 
  at least i 'd like to believe that . 
  competition wo n't save you here . 
  thanks to the wonders of modern tax avoidance companies do n't need to leave a country in order to avoid paying tax in it , they can funnel their profits to a country of their choosing . 
  what this means is tax revenue will continue to drop in countries even if they stop lowering their tax rate , because their local tax rate is being * avoided * . 
  so taken to the extreme the choice for any european country will be lose * all * corporate tax revenue by holding their tax rate steady or regain * some * of their previous level of revenue by dropping it below the lowest tax haven in the eu , thereby becoming the new tax haven . 
  without rules this process will continue to the bottom . 
  lets say they lower their tax rates , what then ? 
  you 'll lower yours even further ? 
  down and down we go until all of europe levies next to no tax on corporations ? 
  lol , that photo . 
  one of the things the eu does is funnel money from rich countries to poorer ones for exactly this reason . 
  it 's not easy , but then again neither is our current system of tax avoidance . 
  it 's one of the most complicated areas of economic law . 
  changing it will change how international companies operate , there 's no getting around that , but it 's doable if there 's a will to do it . 
  problem is it 's going to take a commitment to change from most of the western world at the same time , and from the looks of things we ca n't even agree on a plan to maybe not destroy the environment before this century is done so i 'm not optimistic . 
  that does n't work because unlike population there 's no relationship between the number of corporations registered in a country and the cost of services needed . 
  to keep things simple lets look at an extreme example where a country has nobody living in it , requires practically no services like health care , retirement , unemployment etc. 
  yet has thousands of corporations registered in it . 
  why ? 
  because it charges 0 % corporate income tax . 
  how is another country with a population to look after expected to compete with that ? 
  this idea that corporations should be able to tax their earnings from one country in a totally different country is absurd . 
  it 's asking to be abused . 
  just imagine if citizens were allowed to choose where their income is taxed , what a joke that would be . 
  it 's just the title of the article , i doubt anyone is actually confused about what 's going on with little donny . 
   when they realise how foolish they 're being in subsidising agriculture so heavily , of course they 'll stop what if it 's just naturally cheaper for them to produce due to climate or the way they run their society ? 
  then it 's ok to remain dependent on them for your own country 's security ? 
   the only sensible argument against free trade that i know of is one of security how about preventing a race to the bottom ? 
  say one country treats their workers like shit and are able to produce things cheaper because of it . 
  in a free market how does your country compete ? 
  we 're talking about the entire workforce , across all industries . 
  either you sacrifice your own industry and buy everything from them or you start treating your own workers like shit too . 
  or hey , you enact tariffs . 
  you keep saying your workers should just produce something else , but if you let this ruthless competition go unchecked there wo n't be anything left that ca n't be supplied cheaper by someone else . 
  someone who does n't care about workers or the environment or public safety .
