  membership in the eu is by definition an interference to poland 's sovereignty ... 
  these days it 's not hard for things like this to start small and pick up steam as people post to social media about it . 
  especially when it happens at the central train station in a big city on nye when thousands of people are out partying anyway . 
  to be clear i was n't implying that all migrants are from war zones , what i 'm saying is those that are ( syrians mainly ) ca n't be deported even if they commit a crime here . 
  i think eu law forbids deporting people back to a war zone . 
  laws that were meant to help people are being abused by a bunch of idiots , and as a result everyone 's going to suffer now . 
  ideally those laws will be changed but we all know how long that can take . 
  in america eggs are washed before they 're sold which removes the anti-bacterial layer around the shell . 
  in europe they usually are n't , so that layer stays intact and you can keep them outside the fridge for longer . 
  i think better controls on `` deactivated '' guns are a good thing . 
  it 's a lot easier to buy those guns here and smuggle in a couple of small parts to `` reactivate '' them than it is to smuggle whole weapons . 
  glasses are n't covered at all by the public insurance . 
  some of the private ones might but i 'm not sure , do n't wear glasses myself . 
  i think we 're talking about a different kind of coverage . 
  if you can get a root canal tomorrow without paying any extra i 'd have to wonder how a system like that can be sustainable on $ 3 a month . 
  you 're right . 
  it covers the white fillings for your front teeth , for the back ones you need to pay a surcharge . 
  i think mine was 20 $ when i got one a few years ago . 
  actually something that might be foreign to north americans is that dental work is covered too . 
  when i was living in canada dental coverage was always considered a job perk , and i never had 100 % coverage for anything , it was always some kind of percentage based reimbursement thing . 
  meaning i had to pony up the cash and then convince my insurance to reimburse me some of it . 
  here you can walk into a dentist office , get a checkup , root canal , fillings , or complicated dental surgery and not have to pay anything out of pocket . 
  however cosmetic things like teeth whitening usually are n't covered and dental implants are only covered to a certain percentage , so that 's one area where private insurance can offer more . 
  even david cameron was `` hugely concerned '' by their actions . 
  i mean , not concerned enough to do anything obviously , but still hugely concerned . 
  if they keep on like this he may run out of adjectives soon . 
  well no , you 're right of course . 
  i was thinking more that the tests do n't mimic real world conditions very well . 
  and as mentioned in the presentation a lot of cheating is tolerated ( taping up seams , removing mirrors , over-inflating tires etc ) . 
  anyone who 's interested in a really great overview of exactly how and why vw cheated these tests should watch [ this presentation from the chaos communication congress in hamburg ] ( https://media.ccc.de/v/32c3-7331-the_exhaust_emissions_scandal_dieselgate#video ) last week . 
  the first half gives some insight into how a car manufacturer operates ( from a guy who worked at bmw for many years ) and the second half looks into the actual ecu code involved in cheating the system . 
  to cut a long story short : there 's a very specific set of conditions in the code that intentionally disables the nox scrubbing system during normal driving conditions . 
  you can watch this happen in real time in the talk and there 's no doubt it was deliberate . 
  pulling this off had to involve hundreds of people at vw , not just a few engineers , and in fact vw 's own internal investigation team seized hard drives from 380 employees including managers . 
  some of this we knew before hand but it 's really interesting to see how it was done and just how bad the current emission test procedures are . 
  australia did n't `` degender '' their passports , they added a third `` indeterminate '' gender option which requires proof that you 're undergoing a sex change . 
  it 's a combination of different photos . 
  you can tell the fireworks were taken with a much shorter exposure time , less than a second . 
  the background was much longer , from the motion of the stars i 'd guess around 30 seconds . 
  with a long exposure time and relatively clear air they 'll show up fine even in a city . 
   the man was subsequently charged with causing disruption to the president and sentenced to 4 years in federal pound-me-in-the-ass prison . 
  arte is great , i guess it 's a joint french/german channel since some of our tax money funds it too . 
  it 's what the discovery channel used to be before it was overrun with rednecks , truck drivers and `` documentaries '' about ghosts and alien abductions . 
  it 's not so bad really . 
  there 's a lot of garbage but it 's mostly contained to the private channels ( rtl 2 , sat 1 etc ) . 
  the public ones ( funded with tax money ) are pretty good . 
  lots of documentaries , `` investigative journalism '' , political talk shows and debates with prominent politicians , german films like tatort , all without commercials after 8pm . 
  germans like to complain about it but it 's so much better than the tv i was used to in north america . 
  thanks , did n't see that yet . 
  seems like somebody at juniper had a real hard on for the nsa . 
  it was n't just a simple security hole , somebody built a backdoor into the code on purpose and disguised it to look like harmless debugging code . 
  using this backdoor you could log in to any juniper firewall as long as you knew a valid username . 
  that backdoor was eventually discovered by unnamed hackers who used it to compromise juniper firewalls and vpn connections . 
  whoever planted the backdoor did all the hard work for them . 
  juniper firewalls are used in a lot of critical industry networks , think power plants and factories , so you can imagine the kind of damage the hackers could have done had they wanted to . 
  just one of the reasons why mandatory backdoors for government are a bad idea . 
  7 cm of water cuts the amount of radiation received in half . 
  a few meters is all you need to bring even highly radioactive waste down to normal background levels . 
  we already store spent fuel rods in pools of water for several years before moving them to more long term storage . 
  problem is these pools need to be continuously monitored and cooled , so it 's not a viable long term storage solution . 
  it sounds ludicrous i know , and i 'm not suggesting we just throw spent fuel rods over the side of a ship . 
  encase them in the same containers we use here on land , even solid concrete . 
  the point is * when * it eventually leaks ( because over 10,000 years it * will * leak no matter what you build the containers out of ) it 'll leak into billions of cubic meters of water , thousands of km away from population centers . 
  as opposed to leaking into a groundwater table or irradiating the entire storage facility it 's in . 
  yeah i know , save the whales and we have no business messing up the habitat of sealife and all that feel good argumentation . 
  but fact is the waste has to go somewhere and the ocean is a * vast * place . 
  there 's no other place on the planet as removed from human civilization as the ocean floor in the middle of the pacific . 
  let them break , they 're surrounded by thousands of km of ocean several km deep . 
  no danger of anyone coming into contact with it down there and by the time it reaches any shore it 'll be diluted into the level of background radiation . 
  it 's going to ruin a few square km of ocean floor , but realistically it 's going to ruin the environment no matter where we put it . 
  i 'd rather have that be under 5 km of water in the middle of nowhere . 
  we do n't need to launch it anywhere , just dump it in the middle of the ocean . 
  water is a great insulator of radioactivity and any leak would be diluted immediately . 
  no danger to human populations or groundwater tables . 
  it 's currently prohibited by several treaties but that can always be revisited . 
  and it 'd be a lot safer than strapping the stuff to a giant rocket or trying to store it near population centers . 
  if you have n't read endurance : shackleton 's incredible voyage yet it 's well worth it . 
  i 'm going to say it has to do with a european expedition and it took place during world war i , so check and check . 
  another option is to buy a cheap burner phone or prepaid sim and use that to register , then just throw it in a drawer . 
  it was a jury trial , believe it or not . 
  with a full 30 minutes of deliberation !, 
  why are n't all fines based on revenue ? 
  maybe we can solve this awkward situation with a new guideline , something like the applausdauerlimitierungsrichtlinie recommending up to 30 seconds of applause with a clapping frequency of not more than 5 hz . 
  also , who applauds for nine minutes ? 
  after 30 seconds i 'd be like `` alright guys , this is getting silly now '' . 
  funny video , kind of reminds me of the soviet cutscenes in command & conquer : red alert . 
  even if it were true i imagine the support is more like `` we bombed the islamists in support of the rebels , and then we bombed the rebels '' . 
   although it would be expensive , we could afford that . 
  it all depends on what happens in the next 5-10 years . 
  i have no doubt we could handle the financial stress for a little while , but long term this can only work if the majority of those people start working again . 
  that 's assuming we do n't get a million more showing up next year and the year after that . 
  plus it eliminates the buffer needed to withstand tough economic conditions . 
  if something like the 2007-2008 crisis comes around again we 'll be in a much worse position than we were last time . 
  there are no good solutions imo . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not one of the people who has to figure all this out because it 's a right mess . 
  good place to start would be to convince women to friendzone the `` hard men '' and cozy up to the `` nice guys '' instead , because until that happens nothing 's going to change . 
  finding a mate is still the biggest driving force in human nature . 
  or am i misunderstanding what she means by `` weakness and vulnerability '' ? 
   in january , discussion guide lines will also be handed out to the teachers to facilitate the discussions in the classrooms . 
  i trust the guidelines will start sensibly , like :  the teacher should make it clear that these are only opinions being presented .
