  then when it all blew up in their faces the more fiscally responsible countries had to step in with their own money to bail them out , or risk losing some of their own banks to this mess . 
  when you look at it like that i think it 's easy to understand why these countries insist greece fix its policies in return for those bailouts , even if it 's economically painful . 
  the point of austerity was n't short term economic recovery it was to ensure this does n't happen again in the future , especially given greece 's history with defaults and debt problems . 
  if you buy your phone up front you can take any month-to-month provider , there are plenty of those here . 
  there 's no need to be locked into a 2 year contract . 
  let me provide a counter argument to that . 
  i work as a researcher , not for fraunhofer but for a similar kind of institute here in germany . 
  the money you see being funneled into these institutes is n't making a handful of people filthy rich , it 's being used to employ thousands of researchers , phd students and engineers . 
  a lot of these institutes ( including fraunhofer ! ), 
  are non-profit , meaning close to 100 % of the funding they receive must pay for expenses ( the biggest being salaries ) . 
  if they get more funding they use it to hire more people . 
  a lot of this money ends up `` wasted '' in that no viable product comes out the other end . 
  but for every 100 failures you get one really big success , fraunhofer invented the mp3 for instance . 
  and in every failure you learn something new . 
  results are published , papers are written , and even if your project fails something you learned or did could be the missing piece of the puzzle for some other project 's success . 
  point is r&d is always expensive . 
  amazon and google both spend around $ 13 billion a year * each * on r&d , combined that 's over 8 times what the entire eu spent on the security research mentioned in the article . 
  and most of that is ` wasted ' . 
  just look at how many failed projects google has under its belt , and you can bet there are dozens more that never saw the light of day . 
  some of the eu 's research grants are almost guaranteed to fail , but even the worst of them are directly supporting regular people 's jobs rather than stuffing the pockets of some billionaire . 
  we definitely can and should work on allocating this funding in the best way possible ( believe me there 's plenty of room for improvement there ) , but i do n't want the public to get the feeling that this cash is just being pissed into some rich company 's bank account or something . 
  `` look at what 's happening last night in sweden '' seems to me like he began to say `` look at what 's happening in sweden '' , then remembered mid-sentence something that actually happened `` last night in sweden '' to strengthen his argument . 
  if you ca n't see why a large number of people interpreted it this way then i ca n't help you . 
  if he is n't held accountable for what he says then how can you possibly maintain a functioning democracy ? 
  that enables him to make things up , get things wrong and misrepresent reality . 
  if nobody challenges him on these things they can quickly turn into ` facts ' , especially among his supporters . 
  he 's the president of the united states , people naturally assume he knows what he 's talking about . 
   i think you are being extremely alarmist and disingenuous if you think his words are remotely likely to start a war . 
  it was a bit of hyperbole to make a point . 
  unlike some guy in a bar his words can have real consequences , both for the us and around the world . 
  no , the message itself was deceptive . 
  he insinuated something happened last night in sweden as more evidence that sweden is `` having problems '' , but nothing actually happened . 
  right , but on the other hand the leader of the country needs to be very careful about what he says publicly because words mean things . 
  if he ca n't do that off the cuff then he should start using a teleprompter . 
  i mean i do n't like overly sanitized politician speak either , but this other extreme of incoherent rambling is definitely worse . 
  the problem with always saying what you 're thinking is that we * all * sometimes are thinking bullshit . 
  with some friends at the pub that 's no problem , when your bullshit has the potential to start a war you should probably think carefully before you speak . 
  i do n't think the average taxpayer in the uk will be better off after leaving the eu , i think the same problems will remain and possibly a few new ones will be added . 
  the roads will still be shit , the nhs will still be in trouble , people will still struggle to support themselves . 
  and i think deep down everyone knows this , because you see similar complaints in literally every country on earth . 
  well , maybe not in north korea . 
  we 'll be close allies for sure , but the strong european unity you 're talking about * is * the eu , for better or worse . 
  i think we absolutely do need a political union of some sort , otherwise we 're just 27 individuals who happen to be friends at the moment . 
  the same europe we 've always had , fragile and prone to war . 
  we 're in uncharted water with this eu thing but i think we can make it work . 
   in a speech in the north-western city of bielefeld on monday fake news , obviously . 
  good one financial times , you almost had me there . 
  i mean on the one hand you say `` strong european unity '' and on the other you want to bring back border controls , visas and stop funding improvements in poorer european countries . 
  i guess we have different ideas about what unity means , because to me that 's just the same diplomatic friendship that we share with 90 % of the world . 
  because the funding was already agreed to * by the uk * in 2014 , it 's only spread out over 6 years to make it easier to pay . 
  it 's like buying a new phone on a 24 month payment plan . 
  the money is already gone , you ca n't just stop making the payments because you decide you do n't want the phone anymore . 
  you pay what you owe and you get what you 're owed . 
  it was a headscarf , not a veil , and the guy 's a religious leader , not an official of the lebanese government . 
  i agree , i 'd like to see a breakdown too . 
  i 'm sure this is n't the only ` scheme ' that 's involved . 
  that 's not the cost , it 's the portion of the pot set aside for projects in the uk . 
  and it 's only 16bn , the other 11bn come from the uk gov. 
  you 're paying in 60bn and getting 16bn worth of projects out of it . 
  the rest of the money is going into projects in other eu countries . 
  it 's basically a wealth redistribution program to provide funding to under developed areas all over europe . 
  the budget is set in 6 year increments and the last one was negotiated in 2014 . 
  the uk ( and everyone else ) agreed to the commitments from 2014-2020 and planned all the projects that the funding would be used for . 
  over the next 3 years the rest of those projects will be started and the funding that was already agreed to will be payed out to them . 
  simple as that really . 
  edit : this is only one part of the whole eu budget , there are probably other `` schemes '' involved in this `` brexit bill '' too . 
  all that money went into a pot and was used to fund `` schemes '' in every eu country . 
  some of those `` schemes '' are in the uk and they 'll be completed just like the rest . 
  ok , here we go then . 
  the central premise of the article is that the general lack of patriotism in germany is enabling the far right to make headway in the elections . 
  america is extremely patriotic , the far right won the presidency there . 
  france is very patriotic , the far right is making strong gains there . 
  the uk i 'd say was moderately patriotic , the far right made gains there . 
  germany is decidedly unpatriotic , the far right made gains here too . 
  if germany were as patriotic as the us this article would have been about how unchecked patriotism is fueling the far right in germany . 
  fact is you can find a way to pull people 's strings regardless of the society you 're in because we all have emotions , and emotion is what populism feeds on . 
  convince people that their world is changing and spin that change as negative , that 's already enough to set the fear and anger off . 
  turns out what * really * fuels populism and the far right is having those emotions ignored or trivialised by the rest of society . 
  we leftist rationalist types tend to do that because to us it 's perfectly clear that we 're right . 
  we point to charts and numbers and facts but we may as well be talking a different language , we 're completely missing the point . 
  it 's not about facts , it 's about feelings , and our biggest failing is to not take that difference seriously . 
  lets wait for her to [ repost the same article again a month from now , ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/18/world/europe/germany-afd-alternative-bjorn-hocke.html?rref=collection%2fbyline%2famanda-taub ) maybe she 'll have some new ideas by then . 
  can you point to where it says they did n't find anything please ? 
  apparently one of us ca n't read and i just want to make sure it 's you . 
  generally speaking the pdo rules only apply within the eu . 
  third time 's the charm !, 
  the scary thing is he seems to actually believe some of these things . 
  it 's one thing to lie deliberately , it 's another for the president to be so ignorant of the facts that he thinks he 's telling the truth . 
  pollution fans disguised as windmills , that 's genius . 
   they are fully aware we could do very well on our own , and they hate that concept . 
  i honestly do n't think they see it that way . 
  i think they 're convinced that being in the eu is better than not being in the eu . 
  you can see it in the way they ( especially verhofstadt ) talk about it , they believe it so much that they 're practically radiating smugness . 
  see how you feel about the uk ? 
  that 's how they feel about the eu . 
  there might be plenty of other people who are n't so sure about the future of the eu , but they wo n't be sent to do the negotiating . 
  just like the uk is n't going to send a bunch of remainers to the table . 
  but we 'll see , anything can happen . 
  no , i 'm describing two parties sitting at a negotiating table doing diplomacy . 
  each side has its own goals and interests , they negotiate , and they reach a compromise .
