  at least we still invest in ours , the pacers that are going over here are still better than some i have ridden in the continent, 
  the tgv is good but the ter is a pain , i had to get it every day for a course i attended , it was never once on time and this was literally a 30km shuttle from paris, 
  well in france i guess . 
   tickets if you know how to take advantage of the various rebates and travel card schemes its a faff to organise . 
  at least booking a flight is pretty easy, 
  missed out turin, 
  zzzzzzz germany are awful at the moment , pretty shocking they put 2 past england but of course they must be hyped, 
  most footballers wo n't be able to understand the equations, 
  russia is only marginally in europe, 
  some of these `` leaders '' are amusing , wetherspoons which is alcoholic central , phones4u which went bust clutching at straws i think, 
  that is turkey screwed then, 
  well the paris attack originated from belgum and parts of brussels are infamous for being a hotbed of islamist twats, 
  yes but we do n't have open borders with other countries ( except ireland ) , it would have been alot harder for someone like these thugs to get here so easily and move all their weapons etc. 
   i find the argument that britain and france wo n't hand over their military to brussels a little silly . 
  nobody trusts brussels with a military, 
  i do n't really like the idea of a european military, 
   are you suggesting we invite the american 's to handle internal intelligence operations on eu soi and they are n't already ? 
  well its the defacto capital of europe , ghettoed communities etc. 
  why ? 
  we have nato, 
  and this is the alternative to russia is it ? 
  yes they have proof - lines drawn in ms paint, 
  the epp in the uk are a fringe party who only got < 0.5 % in the eu election . 
  they are complaining because everyone hates juncker in the uk, 
  we have had freedom of movement with ireland from day 1, 
  4/10 ca n't stand the anthem ( considering the composer died long long before the eu existed ) , like the idea of the eu , the implementation sucks however, 
  the eu would n't survive loosing both france and the uk , germany would have to contribute far more to meet their budget or the whole thing will just collapse . 
  the dutch may exit and possibly denmark having two of the largest members quitting would be terminal for the eu . 
  its still mixed however , it could be swung, 
  thats actually the ballpark of the uk polls a couple of years ago . 
  the commonwealth is n't a political union, 
  i think the eu should butt out of ukraine , all its doing is provoking russia, 
  its good for the crap they want like ttip, 
  i think you are overestimating, 
  is it really any of his business ? 
  not as much as we did . 
   in the sciences and in engineering , phd students get a ( small but sufficient ) salary from the university and the universities are universally quite good ( although quite unknown ) . 
  as does the uk and ireland . 
  i was on a marie curie fellowship so i got that and money from the eu it does n't seem any different from anywhere, 
  you mean that self hating scottish mep who hates same sex marriage and is a complete bigot ? 
   intentions of a more connected europe that is a simplification , we are n't against more connected , we are just not keen on a superstate . 
  we are n't the only ones according to the eurobarometer the nordics are as anti-federal as we are, 
  russia is n't being considered for the eu, 
   mini version of the united states . 
  we really are n't , considerably more liberal , less religious , far more left wing ( we invented universal healthcare ) , less nationalistic ( the only time i had to pledge allegiance to the queen/country was in cadets and the uas not in school ) and a lot more polite . 
   can someone explain me how schengen fucks uk ? 
  er calais ? 
  it would be a lot harder for these undocumented people to get that far if they had to pass through several borders on the way, 
  if ukip were n't so brazenly homophobic and casually racist i would consider voting for them , i support their animal welfare policies and their education ones, 
  well not exactly , erogan would still have gone crazy islamist since he was one before he was president . 
  also turkey is n't technically in europe to start with, 
   who will work as bar staff in costa coffee and starbucks ? 
  well most are english where i come from, 
  so we have to contribute our money and have no say where its spend and have no participation in the eu elections . 
  thats fair is n't it, 
  you are legally a minor, 
  scottish italian and turkish ? 
  so you can have a kebab pizza deep fried ? 
  no but the dup are so blunt about their homophobia and what not then i doubt all the support for ssm up there since if they honestly cared so much then it would be a deal breaker, 
  big issues there, 
  so if the dup are so out of touch why do people vote for them ? 
   the dup has consistently blocked gay marriage in the assembly yet polls consistently show cross societal support for it . 
  i have heard horror stories about homophobia in northern ireland, 
  considering isis put ireland on the same `` evil '' list as the uk , germany and us since ireland allows the us military access to its airspace for logistics and what not i do n't think an irish passport going to get you anywhere, 
  yes, 
  the uup have 2 mps and 13 mla , dup have 38 mla and 8 mps . 
  they are the dominant force for loyalists, 
  thats within the schengen though, 
  considering how much an irish passport is being to that guy in egypt probably not as good as you think, 
  there are direct ferries from france a lot of freight comes in that way, 
  not likely since the dup are advocating an out vote and sf are advocating an in vote, 
  hardly anyone identifies as british, 
  the uk passport has more visa free travel than the irish one however . 
  i do love the appropriateness of hms vengeance 's name, 
  most muslims do n't speak arabic anyway . 
  also what form , classical arabic is very different to the modern form . 
   the milk at the local preschool is provided by eu funds etc. 
  thats a way to turn people off the eu school milk, 
  avs have been able to detect polymorphic viruses for a while now, 
  hanson is n't osx unix derived like linux , is n't it as hard to write similar malware for these ? 
  universities are pretty politically neutral . 
  add jaguar , tornado , eurocopter tiger , every airbus but the a300 , the french caravelle had rolls royce engines , assault vehicles ( armoured 4x4s are a uk italian venture ) , etms ( in about 20 years all european standard gauge railways will be interoperable ) , eurotunnel , eurocontrol . 
  also people seem to forget that if it was n't for the uk the eu would n't exist , why else were people so insulted when degaulle basically betrayed us . 
  why for greece ? 
  i am going to vote to remain but this type of plea from other countries is n't going to swing anyone , especially the country which has caused most of the recent problems for the eu . 
  do n't come back, 
   we 'll be the only english speaking country left in the eu malta would be and they have tax perks . 
  also since a lot of the higher end of the continent 's workforce speaks english i do n't think it will be an automatic win for ireland . 
  nope cyprus and malta, 
  honestly the eu needs to stop expanding, 
  this is a parody , probably in reference to the ukip calypso crap last year, 
   for one i doubt that foreign nationals need fear deportation , i imagine that securing a bilateral deal where brits & europeans are given visas to remain in their country of residence at the time of referendum or similar will be one of the first things agreed upon . 
  i see no real reason for this not to happen . 
  i ca n't see ones with a criminal record being allowed to stay, 
  irish citizens have the right to remain outside of the eu, 
  i would say the british empire was the most powerful organsation in the world 's history . 
  it controlled a 1/3rd of the planet, 
  the eu is n't a charity, 
  i would say france, 
  that would backfire since the uk buys alot of european stuff , germany wouldnt want to loose all those bmws and volkswagens being sold in the uk .
