  it was abolished in 1998 when the human rights act became law . 
  nobody has been charged with treason since lord haw haw, 
  we have the best military vehicle ( land rover ) also trident can be used without any input from washington, 
  yes but france is a bigger country , per capita the uk has a bigger military . 
  also it gets complicated when you define what is military , does the gendarmerie in france or the carribineri in italy count as military ? 
  i find the `` ever closer union '' is a bit unreasonable to have in a treaty , its vague, 
  the uk is a net importer, 
  they also deal in billions of sterling , dollars and yen, 
   does n't deter crime crimology 101 , murders do n't think about the punishment when they murder people, 
  yes but at least they can get released ( and have a chance of having a life after they are exonerated ) , its still not perfect but you ca n't bring someone back from the dead in the uk its very rare to have whats called a `` whole life '' tarrif anyway ( only used for exceptional cases , such as the man who hacked lee rigby to death , the monster who abducted and murdered abi jones ( the judge threw the book at him when he claimed non-guilty until he saw all the evidence against him ) etc. ), 
  most get a minimum of 10-15 years before they are considered for parole and only released with alot of restrictions ( remain until they die ) which generally involved constant probation , if they go wrong are returned to prison etc. 
  not all americans are for killing people , there are a considerable number of states which abolished it, 
  fraud is hardly worth loosing your life over is it ? 
  also the reason why the uk suspended it for anything other than treason ( until it was formally abolished in 98 ) was that they executed people who were later found to be either non-culpable or innocent . 
  as long as there is a chance of killing an innocent person then there sould be no capital punishment . 
  if you really want to see being falsely sentenced to death does to a person look up the west memphis three ( one did an ama ), 
  while its consigned to the history books in europe ( except belarus but thats a country that thinks its the ussr ) , alot of the allies of europe such as usa ( still a federal punishment even in the abolitionist states ) , japan , south korea , taiwan , jordan etc. 
  alot of the people on this thread do n't seem to realise that in these types of negotiations they always start as extreme to `` test the water '' . 
  cameron is wanting the eu to play their hand so to speak . 
  ever heard of the term `` flogging a dead horse '' ? 
  yeah , i do n't know how that got accepted into a treaty, 
  not entirely , if it was n't for the tories we would n't be in the eu . 
  if foote won in '82 then we would probably have left the ec ( as it was back then ) , ken clark is very pro-eu and he still has alot of clout with the tories ( and i will put money that he will head the in campaign when its launched , since the other most vocal pro-eu person is mandleson who is more or less universally hated by everyone ), 
   do you think the uk should move closer to it 's neighbouurs , its peers , and its economic partners ? 
  the thing is the uk has other partners outside of the eu . 
  the commonwealth is a big one ( considering we share a common head of state with a load of them ), 
  very few people live there . 
  the largest eu militaries are already in nato so they cooperate alot outside of the eu . 
  some go further , the uk and french militaries are increadibly close such as ( www.gov.uk/government/news/uk-france-defence-co-operation-treaty-announced--2 ), 
   france . 
  the french military has been cut alot lately . 
  they needed raf help to get supplies into mali a couple of years ago ( the raf gave them a couple of c-17s ), 
  other eu countries have opt-outs en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opt-outs_in_the_european_union, 
   ( because reu except sweden does n't have a notable banking sector itself ) er frankfurt and luxembourg ? 
   i still think they 'll need at least to cooperate on tax harmonisation to put an end to the rampant but sadly legal `` tax evasion '' that undermine the system or similar topics i bet luxembourg would love that . 
  if they made all eu countries have the same tax systems then luxembourg would loose out alot . 
  the problem with the `` ever closer union '' is thats increadibly vague . 
  define close ? 
  you know that is what cameron wants with the eurozone quote ? 
  he wants the euro seperated from the eu in a way, 
  that has been a problem since the euro was first drempt up due to the lack of a fiscal union from day 0 . 
  there has been a 2 speed europe for the past 15 years . 
   the uk has and always will stand against `` powers to brussels '' during treaty-changes , so their demands for an opt-out is pretty natural . 
  considering that the european consitution was killed by france or ireland was the country that rejected lisbon some seem to have selective memory i think, 
  they already can since most domestic issues are devolved anyway . 
  you know that degaulle 's initial veto is responsible for alot of the uk 's eurosceptism ? 
  after ve day the uk was starting to see itself as part of europe more than ever ( churchill wanted a unified europe ) . 
  his vito was kinda a back stab for the uk and probably led to it running to the us for a period . 
  also i do n't get what you are inferring with your second point , most eu countries are willing members of nato ( nothing to do with the eu ) so the uk is n't the only one that sees the need for us involvement in european defense . 
  also since france is also a nato member its a bit of an obsolete point to bring up, 
  i do n't see all of these that unreasonable . 
   forcing brussels to make `` an explicit statement '' that britain will be kept out of any move towards a european superstate . 
  this will require an exemption for the uk from the eu 's founding principle of `` ever closer union '' . 
  the idea of a federation is increadibly unpopular in the uk and other eu countries . 
   an `` explicit statement '' that the euro is not the official currency of the eu , making clear that europe is a `` multi-currency '' union . 
  ministers want this declaration in order to protect the status of the pound sterling as a legitimate currency that will always exist . 
  again he has a point . 
  the euro wo n't be the official eu currency until all 28 states use it  a new `` red card '' system to bring power back from brussels to britain . 
  this would give groups of national parliaments the power to stop unwanted directives being handed down and to scrap existing eu laws . 
  i agree the eu needs reform but i admit this is a bit daft  a new structure for the eu itself . 
  the block of 28 nations must be reorganised to prevent the nine countries that are not in the eurozone being dominated by the 19 member states that are , with particular protections for the city of london . 
  well he has a right to defend the city . 
  the fact that london is n't in the eurozone goes give the uk and the eu some advantages . 
  the uk has n't held the union back to be honest . 
  erogen isn ; t really for `` western inspired ideals '', 
  until they stop treating kurds like dirt . 
  oh and maybe tick the box of actually being in europe, 
  religion , i would imagine atheists and irreligious in general will highly outnumber muslims, 
  it went of on a tangent . 
  tarom does have a few airbuses ( bizarrely the a318 which is n't worth much sadly ) they probably cost about a billion new . . 
  is the a380f still going ahead ? 
  i do n't get why its so unthinkable , boeing do something similar in seattle where they build the 737s at renton ( short runway ) and then fly them to boeing field for the demonstration and test stuff . 
  a lot of airlines for international travel do an id check at the gate . 
  yeah but it has to be an approved form of government id . 
  like a passport or id card ( the uk and ireland has n't got government id cards ) the only technically international flights to the uk that allows you to travel without a passport are the ones between uk and ireland ( except ryanair because they are just difficult ), 
  re-establishment of the ussr, 
  france lol the uk has many accents which one was silly ? 
  the cockney ? 
  received pronunciation ? 
  the a380 actually does n't need that much runway . 
  not as much as you think to be honest . 
  it has well designed lift surfaces and massive flaps so its landing speed is actually similar to an a320 ( 130-140 knots ) . 
  a citation x ( little bizet ) has a similar vref . 
  combine that with a lot of braking capability ( it has a lot of wheels ) and the reverse thrust ( the low speed is one of the reasons why it only has it on the inboard engines ) it does n't need much runway for a plane of its size . 
  according to this ( http://planes.axlegeeks.com/compare/242-282/airbus-a380-800-vs-boeing-747-8 ) it needs less runway than a 747 . 
  i also ran it for the a320 vs a380 and the 380 actually needs less runway to land ( http://planes.axlegeeks.com/compare/230-242/airbus-a320-vs-airbus-a380-800 ) the main hindrance to a380 operations is taxying the thing since xfw only really deals with a380s coming from france for fitting and european deliveries the ones departing will have little fuel on them so takeoff distance wo n't be much anyway, 
  i think its because most of the refugees/asylum seekers are young men ( if you look at the ques in greece and what not its majority that demographic ) so people do n't care . 
  it was n't until that kid drowned that people realised kids were involved with it . 
  you also have this innate human desire to protect kids ( its an evolutionary quirk ), 
  there are identity checks are check-in . 
  also most international flights require at least one form of photo id . 
  ba do n't on domestic flights but require a credit card that was used at booking to be produced . 
  still better than the uk when the government killed off remploy ( uk equivalent i guess ), 
  its interesting to say the least , in the uk its gone from `` refugees are trying to invade , taking all our jebs '' then that infamous picture of the dead little boy emerged and now its `` wo n't someone please think of the children '', 
  yes but finkenwerder was more or less disused for a time before they started 319 and 321 production there . 
  before airbus moved in it was only transall who were there . 
  no worries final assembly is in france and germany but the components are made all over , the wings are from wales and england . 
  avionics are english and french , fuselage comes from italy and spain . 
  airbus has always been a european project they wanted it that way so all countries involved get benefits like employment and investment . 
  the only reason why france was selected for final assembly was more logistical ( toulouse had a lot of land at the airport to build the lines , a lot of open airspace for test flying and a great big canal going into the med ) .
