  ah but the rooms were small so its legit . 
  wow some of the comments on that depress me , but they are all putintrolls ( the guardian has a problem with them i recognise the accounts ) see for them this is n't a referendum because scotland was not given an option to be annexed into the russian federation so its wrong . 
  i love their justification `` the rooms are too big '' wthf, 
  i saw this coming . 
  he lost in the snp heartlands they had everything going for them , they even managed to convince me ( i used to be strongly against the idea ) to support independence . 
  i think he just failed to answer the fundamental points, 
  i found it a bit odd that eu citizens could vote in the referendum . 
  i mean i think constitutional matters like this are really a decision for citizens . 
  eu citizens ca n't vote on referenda in ireland and other countries, 
  i thought everyone hates the tories, 
  they have more of a mandate for referendum than scotland did . 
  not at the moment , currently there is a huge constitutional upheaval for the uk planned in the wake of the vote and a general election . 
  these should be the priority, 
  while i would support that idea , i am being realistic, 
  i doubt they will get a majority, 
  that would probably be less pollution on transport costs and considering that romania are in the eu it may be cheaper due to taxes etc. 
  i guess they must build rhd models in india, 
  at least give the devo max a try . 
  that is actually what most people want and since its going that way anyway it may make full independence look not worth it, 
  high . 
  the places that votes yes had a lower turnout for some reason, 
  he wo n't be there this time next year so would n't worry, 
  but they are unrelated . 
  the uk and spanish governments are completely different . 
  i do n't see why people are surprised spain is blocking catalan , i mean they do n't care about the gibraltar referendum that showed that 90 % of them wanted to be british with no spanish influence but that does n't stop spain complaining, 
  well it has n't happened so this is mute . 
  also irish independence was different . 
  you know easter rising , wars , murder etc. 
  ireland worked because of the pegged currency and there was a lot of negotiation between london and dublin , this was n't really done with the yes lot, 
  i do n't agree with this scotland = catalan stuff . 
  people got irritated when the scots told england to mind their own business while having these `` revolutionary tourists '' camp out with the yes lot . 
  its really none of their business , we are n't going to interfere with spain, 
  true alot of the snp heartlands , including salmond 's constituents rejected it heavily, 
  both sides pledged this would be the only one in a generation, 
  thats not going to happen , not since scotland got devolved, 
  i do n't know . 
  it was almost like it was meant to fail . 
  it had no power or anything . 
  it was just a glorified council with no real power , if it was like the welsh assembly or the scottish parliament it would have passed . 
  also in 2004 there was a lot of anti-labour going on with regards iraq so that would have gone against it, 
  that was just for the north east , it was badly executed and in 2004 nobody really saw the benefit of devolution . 
  in the north west we never got a say , if it was actually a decent proposal it would pass . 
  a lot of people in the north are sick of all the focus on london and how that scotland can get what it wants but we are all ignored . 
  damn ipad, 
  i know but they are just forcing their own beliefs onto their kids , if that did n't happen religion would die out . 
  i am actually against faith schools ( i went to one and it was n't the best environment for a gay kid ) and actually these saudi funded madrassas as well if they want a religion they should be allowed to wait until they can make a justified rational decision . 
  true but this is a british paper so its focusing on the uk, 
  i know but that is assuming alot , most people in the uk are fairly ignorant of the eu and just get all the crap ukip coverage . 
  there was a study that showed that uk people who were educated on the eu actually changed from being against it to for it, 
  worst tattoo ever, 
  they are as bad as the edl as far as arrests etc. 
  did n't brevick think he was a templar ? 
  probably not going to have a dragon , last idea i heard was impose the black flag with yellow cross from the flag of st.david onto it . 
  it actually looks alright , a flag with the dragon on did n't look right too much red, 
  the problem is , hypothetically if a place on the border did have 80-90 yes no , it would be more democratic than ni would be , i mean it may end up being in scotlands interests to not have a town that does n't want to be part of them, 
  it would cause huge problems . 
  the scottish border has changed a lot , carlisle used to be scottish ( its only 5 miles away ) and edinburgh actually used to be part of the kingdom of northumberland ( kind edin ), 
  there is no such thing as a muslim child . 
  only a child with muslim parents, 
  they seemed to surrender fairly easily when they locals outnumber them and tell them to fuck off, 
  also i think this is appropriate https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aipd8qhhtvu, 
  and yet people wonder why we ca n't fly a st. george 's flag, 
  that is offensive to gimps , not all gimps are brain dead racists !, 
  interesting there is a thing for taboo bsdm , like nazi uniforms and shit , i wonder if they would be into that, 
  wait the edl is still a thing ? 
  they look like either a lame mexian wrestler , those masks they make violent convicts wear so they do n't bite the guards or hannibal . 
  these guys are fucking idiots . 
  can we just send them to sealand or somewhere so they can have their very own little england ? 
  own language , identity etc. 
  northern england, 
  i am a northerner, 
  yeah but this question said * did * so i assume ex-meps count, 
  eickea not ikea, 
  when the dacia tv adverts appeared people in the uk were a bit surprised . 
  but i think we will still say daycia , i mean we have said ikea and peugeot wrong for decades, 
  so eurotrip is accurate about something for once :-) i was in serbia last year and it was that type of price ( literally 2euro for a bottle of wine ) but thats not in the eu , maybe they tax it less there, 
  nick griffin by a long shot , then probably nigel farage nick griffin a lovely man https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l3vittpolxi farage a bit of an embarrassment https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoatcs7wxhy, 
  interesting , but i do n't feel it , i live in ireland and i get shocked how much cheaper things are when i go to italy . 
  i mean a bottle of beer is 2-3 euro cheaper in italy than ireland, 
  they should be allowed a say , i mean the catalans are very different to the spaniards, 
  are n't they just renault 's built in romania ? 
  i wonder how much advertising they got from top gear with the sandero meme !, 
  to be fair they look decent cars for what you pay for them , better than some of the korean offerings , its seems that renault are doing the same as what volkswagen has done to skoda i.e make them good had to :-) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ylxcu7e8if0, 
  til there is somewhere called transnistria, 
  so there are 26 other countries wanting us to stay in . 
  is n't it obvious we are wanted in the eu , france has always had beef ever since de gaulle , which annoys me because i love france, 
  well fair enough its free , always updated and is n't 13 years old, 
  for me i would like to see a eu as a federal state , i know thats unlikely but i think its the best way to compete with the us and china . 
  i ca n't see the eu expanding to be honest , maybe serbia may be admitted but i do n't think there will be a ukraine or turkey in the eu although the former may be on the path . 
  i hope the eu parliament would have some form of reform or something, 
  kinda funny for the first few seconds . 
  i ca n't wait for this to be over, 
  nighthawks and a chinook , mostly transport . 
  probably on training or something , as a private pilot myself ( although fixed wing ) if the weather does become bad we are trained to make a contingency diversion if the weather becomes unsafe , if its dire that can also mean landing in a suitable field . 
  they did the right thing , its better a few nighthawks and chinooks land safely in a field and depart than try to fly in dangerous conditions and hit something, 
  i do n't know why i put so in there . . 
  i think it was a typo sorry :-), 
   i 've often had conversations with english people abroad insisting ireland was part of the uk still and yet on the other side most people in the uk do n't care about northern ireland , a lot of people do n't recognise it as part of the uk, 
  i am english and i am sympathetic to the republicans , i highly doubt i would be the only one . 
  yes that would be my boyfriend,
