  i mean assume juncker would become my president , he is used to representing a country the size of manchester , not 1/2 a billion people, 
  since when has that been a problem ? 
  get a 4 year old to draw the welsh flag :-), 
  left below ? 
  it could be the flag of europa . 
  see what i did there, 
  do n't they have their own flag anyway, 
  http://rt.com/news/russia-gay-law-myths-951/ the stuff it claims about a gay person who was brutally murdered, 
  yes ok it was on the bbc and the guardian i just wish the op would avoid using rt links when there are more acceptable sources out there, 
  yes but it includes each of the member states . 
  i do n't think the current flag means anything , its nothing to get behind unless you like golf, 
  sorry i meant the emblem http://i1.wp.com/stuffled.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/national-emblem-of-belarus-vector-image.png?resize=1020%2c680, 
  nigel farage, 
  that should be the flag of the queen i would love to see that on top of buckingham palace . 
  i do n't know its boring and its shared with the council of europe so the mail readers keep on getting the echr confused with the eu i would rather have 2 different flags . 
  ukraine ??? 
  that looks like the sea of some communist country it reminds of belarus for crying out loud, 
  hahahah so funny, 
  its also olive green so reminds me of military gear ew, 
  is there any meaning to it ? 
  i do n't really like the eu flag , its a bit dull and the 12 stars do n't represent anything to the layman . 
  i actually like this idea , it would have to be extended ( its from 2002 ) but its the national colours of every eu country http://image.guardian.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2002/05/08/eulogo.jpg, 
  yeah rt is a website that i simply do n't trust . 
  not after the crap it said about lgbt people . 
  it is the fox news of russia, 
  seriously after russia has threatened to review the declaration of independence of the baltic countries , maybe we should reconsider recognising russia as a successor to the ussr, 
  well that 's a gaffe . 
  juncker is seriously awful, 
   i think the eu should remain together and should strengthen ties . 
  but that is n't actually what i think they will do . 
  not many people want a european federation , its mostly a few loudmouth meps and luxemborg who want it . 
  i know if they ever propose such a thing the uk , france , ireland , denmark , holland and others will reject it in referendums, 
  there are a few claims from economists that in the longer term the uk may do better outside of the eu . 
  well it has the double headed eagle, 
  sadly klansmen have existed in europe in while, 
  i would have money that if a women in a niquab appeared they would be yelling `` ban the burka '' dressed like that, 
  did n't someone fly a drone with an albanian flag before a match and cause a riot a few months back, 
  if that happened it would be allied force 2 since croatia is a nato country, 
   \u00bf por que ? 
  it was the start though , it was those types of actions that got her a lot of support . 
  while boudicca was treated that way it was more institution discrimination and persecution that got her popular support, 
  i did french was alright at it , i remember being awful at spanish, 
  oh okay , so everyone form the uk and ireland has the same common ancestor ( native population ) ? 
  haplogroup ? 
  from what i studied in school not that great at least as far as how they treated the ancient britons ( ethnic groups that sort of remains in parts of scotland , according to my genealogy some bits still survive in my dna ) . 
  some tribes did a deal with the roman invaders and got a good deal and limited power ( although the druids and what not were persecuted , it lead to boudicca 's uprising ) . 
  although a lot were just seen as slave stock considering some writing they found on sites showing the pricing for slaves from britain ( apparently the men went for a bit since they were hardy and could work in the winter ) . 
  although some did join the legion ( non-romans could be auxiliaries ) and some were known for being strong warriors and after their service they were rewarded with citizenship as a roman and were given property so there was a path to sort of equality i guess . 
  the ex-soldiers were responsible for the latinisation of england to an extent as part of their service they got education and what not, 
  luguvalium ( aka carlisle ) is on there yay, 
  yeah shut up . 
  if labour want to represent the working man then this will just piss everyone off . 
  its not exactly islamic , it got retconned into the form of islam in those countries when they converted . 
  the arab countries do n't do it at all for instance, 
  the other 16 % disappeared, 
  for those who do n't know cable is a geriatric lib dem who lost his mp seat in this election ( he was a cabinet member in the coalition ) , so his opinion is fairly worthless . 
  lib dems harp on about lgbt rights but obviously they do n't care if they get money from oligarchs, 
  you lost me at daniel hannan, 
  i got bitten by one once , probably because i made a mess when i attempted to catch the thing . 
  it stung for about an hour but thats it, 
  yes but what about diana seriously these are harmless , i found one in my parents house i just did the glass and card trick and released the thing into the garden , they are actually `` friendly '' in that they catch and eat disease carrying flies and what not , and are part of the ecosystem ( birds and what not pray on them ) so its not really justified to swish them on sight . 
  also they have been around damn longer than humans have been, 
  yeah but in islamic countries , the ones in the uk are just concrete boxes with an onion ontop of them . 
  oh okay , i assumed you mean a policy of withdrawal and disarmament ( he wants to scrap nukes and turn the military into a defence force like ireland and japan ), 
  would it really affect nato if a country withdrew ? 
  talk about scaremongering, 
  normally it would be , but since corbyn has limited support in his own party , the blairite faction are just waiting for an excuse to oust him, 
  he has a lot of support from places . 
  owen jones is doing an almost daily arse kiss in the guardian on him . 
  also as ukip demonstrated the influence of the press on people is a bit overestimated, 
  if we was adamant it never happened , he could sue for libel . 
  he has n't so, 
  what else he is meant to say, 
  thats really sad . 
  it probably saved her from the endless conspiracy theories that were around at the time, 
  the only thing islam , christianity etc. 
  have over scientology is that their founders were n't recorded as saying they did it for a bet to make money, 
  i once dated a gay arabic ex-muslim , guy is terrified of his relative and what he refers to the `` mosque mob '', 
  well its an interpretation . 
  the preacher i was referring to would happy murder someone like me if he could get away with it, 
  they do n't serve the student population , they get hijacked by students from saudi etc. 
  most moderate muslims avoid them like the plague . 
  a good example is the christian society ( i was in that ) , they had a view that all interpretations were equally valid and its no one 's place to try to force their views onto everyone else . 
  i remember they had no problem with an openly gay catholic ( as i was at the time ), 
  probably outlawed as well . 
  undercover mosque exposed mosques having banned preachers lecturing through the internet, 
  jazzhands all around seriously i loath the nus after spending 3 years involved with them , although i remember i was in the protests in london over fees, 
  homophobia aside , i do find orthodox christianity 's churches and what not beautiful, 
  a large number have, 
  although a private facility should have the right to not allow them to say it in their property . 
  its not an isolated thing , i remember at my uni ( i was an official in the lgbt society and i was the lgbt student rep for my halls ( hell i got paid by the uni for that ) ) and there were some incredibly vile preachers speaking at their isoc , seriously they had this one guy who openly preached for stoning gay people in public , that aids its allah punishment for homosexuality ( and that a good muslim should try to convert them before they die , if they refuse they should be left to their fate in hell ) . 
  we flagged this to them and just got called islamophobes . 
  when a fundie christian tried something a couple of weeks later ( same medieval beliefs ) they shut it down immediately . 
  so the russian supremacy of the ussr never happened then ? 
  sometimes i wonder if small countries would be better off outside of the eu, 
  its such a vague term that i do n't use it to be honest, 
  how about this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kkne__timzo, 
  i think the cop is there to prevent the pooh bear and the priest from interacting, 
  i generally get my meat from free range butchers and what not, 
  clever girl,
