  moroccans are n't arabs . 
  yes its looking like this guy was an islamic terrorist but your bile is hardly appropriate , yes he deserves to rot in prison for a long time but advocating vigilantism is hardly a solution, 
  / pol / is leaking, 
  apparently it was an off duty us soldier who tackled him down http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34023361 its probably incredibly fortunate they happened to be on the train, 
  it was a reference to the demands from the greek government to repay all the war debt from germany which they decided was no longer settled, 
  maybe to greece , france etc. 
  depends though , maybe the gold should go to the countries where it was pilfered from ? 
  that tattoo thing is pretty depressing , they started doing them so they could n't be forced converted into islam, 
  wrong ;  you must have been registered to vote in the uk in the last 15 years and be eligible to vote in uk parliamentary general elections and european parliamentary elections . 
   hungary , bulgaria , germany , and poland would give you fairly different answers to related questions , and they are all in epp . 
  not really , the epp are a minority government , only 43 % voted in the elections ( and i would imagine a lot had no idea who the epp are ) and only about 40 % of them voted for the epp in the first place . 
  personally juncker has n't got much of a mandate for his role and to be honest he should have to share it with other parties ... 
  well then thats their problem i am afraid . 
  also i think its like # 1000 to give up citizenship so it will be an expensive do, 
  that could cause problems if they wanted to return to the uk, 
  european people 's party ( juncker 's lot ), 
  but they have n't lived in the uk for 15 years , so why should they be allowed to influence a country that they have n't paid taxes or contributed to in over a decade ? 
  the uk is actually fairly generous , some countries have no voting for expats at all, 
  its too much hassle to move out of the uk just for work when i can get a better paid job in my field here . 
  if i ever did i would rather go to nz or australia to be honest, 
  there are only a handful of those countries where people actively move to and work so its not out of the question for something to be negotiated, 
  non eu countries can do what they want with immigration requirements the fact that vietnam allows swedes to go visa free has nothing to do with the eu . . you can travel tax free , buy things and claim the tax back like americans and chinese do when they go around europe, 
  whatever happens its the result of a referendum therefore it has a mandate behind it . 
  the whole idea of eu citizens was brought in suddenly as a result of maastricht anyway , getting rid of it should n't be that hard if it ever happens . 
  i think this is why there is a 2 year negotiation period after the referendum, 
  it depends , most people do n't vote in the eu election or in local elections so i doubt they would miss the voting rights if i am honest . 
  there are also some advantages of being out of the eu at least for travel reasons , tax could be reclaimed on purchases, 
  very few people see themselves as eu citizens in the uk . 
  i do n't know , the fact that i am making a valid criticism on the campaign and getting such responses makes me think this sub has become a epp circle jerk, 
  the guardian has gone downhill of late, 
  was n't the previous `` strike '' a bit of a damp rag ? 
  well an irish passport and citizenship, 
  tesco probably is n't a good example since the company is completely screwed over to massive fraudulent practise by the directors . 
  they may have to sell their non-uk operations off . 
  its not in their interest to go hard on the uk , since the uk will just go harsh on eu products ewan, 
  it could be a problem , does n't germany not allow dual nationality ? 
  said person could find themselves unable to reside in the uk, 
  tesco also exists outside of the eu more than it does inside the eu . 
  i have never seen a tesco on the continent just a load of lidls . 
  mini are owned by bmw so i doubt they are really a british company anyway . 
  the problem is a lot of nato countries ca n't justify the cost of a foreign deployment . 
  i know the uk wo n't see the benefit of having a base in east europe since they have one in cyprus anyway, 
   down here people do n't want controls on immigration you mean germany ? 
  whilst also allowing companies who think they have been hard done by to frivolously sue the government ? 
   joys of being the only eu state without a land border er ireland , malta , cyprus ( de jure ) ? 
  the main problem with uncontrolled immigration is the level of unemployment will skyrocket , immigrant communities have a significantly higher unemployment rate as it is . 
  i do n't get what problem people have with controls on immigration . 
  allowing in skilled people only . . 
  something is wrong though when the support for an exist almost doubles at the very next demographic . 
  maybe by the time people are done with uni or something they do n't see the point in the eu ? 
  not many people have $ 1000 lying around, 
  we already produce things to other standards . 
  most countries do already . 
  ttip is a complete waste of time and money, 
  labour 's election promise was a referendum on the eu constitution ( aka lisbon v1 ) . 
  brown did n't respect that . 
  why else do you think he was so unpopular in 2010 ? 
  his intervention will probably some rambling about the lisbon treaty he signed without giving anyone a say, 
  yeah , its scaremongering otherwise . 
  it would n't be in the reu 's interest to have draconian restriction on uk imports because the uk would just do the same and i doubt bmw and audi would want to loose such a big market for them for example, 
  this is just scaremongering . 
  i knew this would happen the yes side would start this type of scaremongering and repeat the scottish referendum the fact that i am getting down voted for criticising the campaigns is just proving my point . 
  honestly the attitude of some is making me seriously consider voting no in the referendum, 
  there are a lot of people who do n't care about the common market since the eu is shrinking in terms of trade with the uk and the reu would want decent export import terms for their goods, 
  yeah , if say spain wants to kick out all of the brits then all these spanish students in london and what not would find themselves sent back in tit-for-tat, 
  i do n't think immigration is the main argument for a brexit , the current eu setup stinks it needs serious reform, 
  then that is n't a refugee but by definition an economic migrant, 
  in england 0 surveyed muslims support ssm, 
  out of curiosity what are polish jails like ? 
  kinda wonder what pile of shit this dumb stunt has got him into, 
  yes but it was n't very funny, 
  you say that but both of the monsters to hacked lee rigby to death managed to sneak back from kenya and others, 
  and for obtaining the common counsel of the kingdom anent the assessing of an aid ( except in the three cases aforesaid ) or of a scutage , we will cause to be summoned the archbishops , bishops , abbots , earls , and greater barons , severally by our letters ; and we will moveover cause to be summoned generally , through our sheriffs and bailiffs , and others who hold of us in chief , for a fixed date , namely , after the expiry of at least forty days , and at a fixed place ; and in all letters of such summons we will specify the reason of the summons . 
  and when the summons has thus been made , the business shall proceed on the day appointed , according to the counsel of such as are present , although not all who were summoned have come . 
  thats a very liberal translation you have http://www.constitution.org/eng/magnacar.htm, 
  yes but western european white converts are fairly uncommon , most are over zealous and a bit loopy . 
  look at some of cat stephen 's latest beliefs for an idea, 
  was n't he an airport worker ? 
  and deepfried foods, 
  my grandad served in the asian theatre , i am not going to let some religious cracks ruin the memory of the people who served with him and never made it home, 
  well i was in catalonia the other week which is legally spain and i caused no problems, 
  next up in the world 's dumbest criminals, 
  any other source than aljazeera ? 
  here is an actual photo of the rafale , it has two sticks on the left ( throttles and i guess a weapon systems interface ) . . 
  i do n't know if i like this or not http://tpe-rafale.e-monsite.com/pages/rafale-ses-caracteristiques/cockpit-ihm/, 
  not really here is another angle https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2776/4038483878_a893ed5e08_b.jpg this was in maintenance so the wiring wo n't be visible , but its fairly well laid out . 
  the buttons and indicators on the left are navigational radios and autopilot controls , below the hud is weapons and radar controls , on the right you have your backup horizon . 
  side sticks have been a thing since the f-16 . 
  the lightning ii has a side stick , i imagine that would be the raf 's first with a side stick ( not counting the a330 ), 
  yell yes , but the rafale goes non-standard with its second stick , also most of the work i do is civvie not military, 
  since when is hipster a european value , its an american term, 
  liveleak are n't neutral , also its like youtube anyone can upload onto it, 
  it would be interesting to see how that works . . 
  yeah but i meant its a country where english is more or less spoken everywhere due the history of the place, 
  its more the uk 's international obligations, 
  it has happened a couple of times . 
  i know it happened in my home town since he was friends with the guy doing the hiring . 
  both got sacked, 
  you say that but there have been cases where nhs staff have been unable to deal with patients properly . 
  yes but most public sector jobs need a c or above in gcse english , someone with that level of english would n't be hireable .
