  the journey was wild -- he was speeding and swerving and driving like a raving lunatic . 
  i noticed he 'd taken a much longer route to my destination , most likely to hike up my cab fare . 
  thats normal for crap taxi drivers , again race has nothing to do with that  whilst i was on the phone , my driver started telling me off and saying he will be keeping the meter running until i get out of his cab . 
  again thats normal , you are still using the taxi . 
   then he threw my receipt at me and threw my change ( in coins ) at me -- yes , i had to pay this guy with my hard earned money even after he called me a scrounger he threw the coins ? 
  how do you throw a receipt its made of thin paper  i have since been told that this particular cab company is notorious in the area for hiring racist , sexist , abusive drivers . 
  according to whom ? 
   he stank and smelt of alcohol , unkempt , mumbling , making noise and just being a nuisance as someone who has also lived in coventry this is just par for the course . 
  there are always drunk idiots on the trains around there . 
  they go aggro on everyone, 
  who pays for open office ? 
  just a point , a beech 1900 is a turboprop not a turbojet, 
  if its unproven then bosh could sue for libel, 
  hey , do you find that meps have such large constituencies ( i mean yorkshire is the biggest country in england not including humber ) that it makes it hard to represent people and actually campaign for the elections ? 
  where i am is much worse since its the whole north west, 
  this does n't even work considering one of the first words is goose-stepping and there was no goose-stepping at all . 
  dublin already has the bus corridor, 
  therefore its not an eu army, 
  whenever i think of the idea of military cooperation i think of the a400m , a plane that nobody needs but brussels bullied countries into keeping their orders . 
  the raf are struggling to find a use for the things, 
  or the nordic countries , or france , or poland , or romania . 
  it will just be small countries too cheap to send money on their own military and will end up being dependent on nato if things ever do kick off, 
  i ca n't think of a single event when such a thing is even needed, 
  actually the german military is pathetic compared to the other two . 
  the swedes and danes do n't want a unified military either , neither does the dutch so it will probably get a veto from the countries with actual militaries, 
  meh the uk and nordic countries would just veto it . 
  then why bother ? 
  defence forces are tiny compared to proper militaries , a country like russia would make mincemeat out of it, 
  there are rumours about character checks and employment requirements, 
   there now debates with the ` candidates ' to the presidency of the commission eh ? 
  there were n't any in the uk or in ireland last year, 
  as does iceland , they rejected the eu last year, 
  why norwegians do n't want to be in the eu or in the euro, 
   so people under 30 have lived pretty much all of their lives in an european union . 
  i am 25 and i do n't feel european either . 
  its just two words on a passport that lets you que jump at airports and no more stamps ( shame ) in politics in school the european elections are never mentioned either , i remember in 09 i got sent this ballot card for an election i never knew existed . 
  why would n't it ? 
  france manages to have overseas departments in tahiti and off canada and seems to have little problem running them . 
   besides , i think there are plenty americans in britain as-is . 
  well if they are legally whats the problem . 
  there are bound to be a higher proportion of us immigrants to an english speaking country due to the lack of language barrier . 
  i would swap those russian oligarchs for 100 americans, 
   also as you can see in the graphic , the eu ( not counting the uk ) takes more irish emigrants than usa + canada + australia . 
  most are casual summer work in places like spain and what not . 
  and retirees, 
  i find it too vague . 
  its like calling a japanese and chinese oriental, 
  but then what about iceland , malta , cyprus and the greek islands, 
  most are from your own country putin . 
  so what are you going to about it ? 
  have another chechen war ? 
  well scotland has a lot of problems at the moment , and the snp seems to be doing bugger all to solve them , apart from ranting about westminster . 
  maybe they should fix the problems with police scotland and the scottish nhs first before coming up with lofty ideas . 
  why does scotland even need its own digital currency ? 
  the whole point of bitcoins is they are politically independent, 
  there were some polish sympathisers ( just like how there were british and american and french ones ) but it was a tiny minority . 
  sigh, 
  wow pakistan is incredibly below , its worse than north korea and eritrea, 
  i still am amazed at how that is viable, 
  meh , during the tory conference someone hung an effigy of cameron from a motorway bridge in manchester, 
  it was headline news, 
  as would a year in a saudi prison, 
  sadly more countries than you imagine have it . 
  saudi , oman , malaysia , indonesia , singapore , brunei etc. 
  all have corporal punishment , although only saudi still does it publicly, 
  that was very hammered home when i got into the us on a j-1 visa on a college exchange thing when i was only 19 . 
  the dude at immigration at phl basically told me i would be `` in deep shit '' if i engaged in underage drinking there . 
  as a gay guy who has travelled to places like malaysia or brunei ( both ban homosexuality ) i did n't sleep with anyone there since well its a criminal offence . 
  i find the law abhorrent but i do n't want to rot in a malay prison for it ( and probably cause an international incident ) the thing is when a country allows you entry its under condition that you will respect and follow their laws . 
  if you do n't like their laws then do n't go there . 
  they are correct in doing so , the point in the investigation from the dsb is to determine what brought down the 777 . 
  i have read their report and they find the most likely culprit is a buk missile detonating in the front port area of the jet ( next to the cockpit ) . 
  if you read it they discount all other possible theories such as a catastrophic failure , weather , even stellar phenomena like a meteorite hitting it they have found what killed those those people and the likely trajectory of the missile and have made safety recommendations to icao and easa etc. 
  regarding risk assessments in volatile regions of airspace . 
  that is their responsibility . 
  parallel to this will be a criminal investigation due to the investigation being satisfied it is in fact a shootdown so the criminal investigation will be concerned in bringing someone to account ( its an act of mass murder ) . 
  their job is to find who fired the buk the dsb like most aviation accident bodies are a mix of engineers , human factors experts , ex-pilots and other specialists not criminal investors, 
  maybe its better to say the uk dislikes migration, 
  i guess , in 2019 there could be no uk meps in the parliament so it would be interesting to see what that does to the power dynamic ( it will probably make it a lot easier for the epp ), 
  good, 
  thats lovely, 
  can we ban the term brexit ? 
  i did when i once took the tgv from paris to turin ( had a meeting the following week in turin after a course in paris and well the train goes through the figging alps so there was no way i was n't going to do that ) and that was interschengen, 
  one of my housemates when i did my msc was italian and he did his msc in england since it was only a year . 
  screw you napoleon people claim rhd cars are more expensive but there is n't much of a difference ( there is a reason for the popularity of jcars in uk and ireland ) , also the fastest growing car market in the world drives on the left an idea for the cost , in the uk they considering following ireland and moving to metric , it was # 750 million just to do that , with no real safety benefit or practical advantage it was n't seen as worth it . 
  ireland also considered moving to the right and it was swiftly rejected as incredibly expensive . 
  ireland has a lot less roads than the uk . 
  also then all buses will have to be rebuilt for right hand traffic , again billions . 
  its not going to change i am afraid, 
  there were far far less cars on the road in 1967 , that was 48 years ago . 
  also when they did it most people had lhd cars already, 
  you know the government a while back estimated the cost it and it would cost billions . 
  this is a single incident , if you ca n't figure out driving on the other side then maybe you should n't be driving there in the first place . 
  we have problems with european drivers here ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/3042816/foreign-lorries-eight-times-more-dangerous-than-british-trucks.html ) i was in spain the other month , hired a car and i had no problem driving on the right . 
  15.5 miles, 
  this attitude is my main problem with the current eu, 
  probably, 
  could be worse , at least they have n't wheeled out mandelson, 
  yes , but since the eu recently voted that life imprisonment is n't against human rights its a moot point, 
  the other 17 percent disappeared,
