  the uk provided logistical and medical help to the french during the mali conflict and the uk and france have signed security partnerships that go far beyond nato . 
  to be honest we are closer to france than the us now, 
  just out of interest , what is so great about a federation ? 
  i hardly trust westminster but i trust brussels/strasborg even less at the present, 
  aww i love his little fluffy ears, 
  well they should n't have `` voted '' to be part of russia then, 
  in my part of england we have cumberland wrestling , its kinda weird https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cumberland_and_westmorland_wrestling, 
  the bridge one is interesting , you can see where the waterline was 1/2 was across it, 
  this kid probably has a few screws loose . 
  she needs help, 
  how long will someone come and accuse the ft of being bias ? 
  or buddhism . 
  actually sikh women have less dress and grooming restrictions than men . 
  i understand why he did it , but he still broke the law and thats generally what happens . 
  although i do somewhat blame the selfish eritreans who got him caught in the first place . 
  this may be a daft question , but did you own the car like you would today or was it leased from the government ? 
  it carried on post-ussr . 
  the ladas were somewhat popular in the uk since they were dirt cheap ( now people buy cheap kias and hyundais ) , in the early 90s many of them were brought back at a decent price ( compared to how much you would get for it domestically ) and re-exported to russia . 
  41 is a bit like a parallel universe cadillac, 
  thats the same conclusion when top gear did a video about ussr cars , they had a lada riva , a vaz thing ( with a hole in the bottom for ice fishing ) , one of those kgb cars , they have a niva at the end which they admitting to liking, 
  number 18 is the same colour as my grandad 's lada estate car he had . 
  first david bowie and now this . 
  what a depressing week, 
  you are seeing it respectively from the outside . 
  from their point of view they had little choice , they were n't aware of the `` final solution '' ( most germans only found out when the americans frogmarched them to see what hitler et al. 
  had done ) , and they had the fear of arrest or worse if they refused . 
  people do what they can to survive . 
  thats what happened to sadam 's army during the second gulf war , forcing basically everyone into the army ended up with the british and american units being greeted by whole platoons of iraqi soldiers waving the white flag without a shot being fired . 
  they were mostly conscripts who had little choice in the matter ( unless they wanted to get guillotined/hung for treason or desertion ) . 
  the reich started indoctrinating them from a young age ( the hitler youth was mandatory ) . 
  the soldiers were n't seen as culpable since they were under orders ( the luftwaffe pilots captured by the uk were decently looked after in pow camps ( compared to how the soviets treated pows ) ) . 
  if they were seen as directly responsible for the atrocities then there would be tens of thousands being tried and the nuremberg trials would still be going on . 
  i would n't say that , there is eurosceptism over here, 
  as is serbia and montenegro ( i know they are separate countries before someone steps in ), 
  in the margin of error so its practically 50/50, 
   what makes you so hostile towards federalization ? 
  its not going to work , people in the uk do n't want to be part of a federation . 
  considering the eu management are pretty out of touch with us then i do n't like the idea of them having even more power and influence . 
  also there is n't really a european identity , the only time anyone will fly a european flag is if they are a golf fan . 
   the european arrest warrant means that we can extradite criminals to the uk in a matter of a couple of weeks . 
  previously the process could take up to nine months . 
  we used this after the london bombings to extradite a suspect from italy to the uk . 
  i see this are a double edged sword , there have been people arrested on spurious evidence under the eaw systems, 
   subjects of the uk . 
  the term subject has been discontinued, 
  some are a bit homophobic which worries me . 
  a lot of people with polish names are probably of polish decent if we are honest due to a lot staying after wwii . 
  i do n't think polish names are as common as you are making out , most seem concentrated around a few cities . 
  in rural parts you probably wo n't find many, 
   british ex-pats in spain : most of them are n't really interested in spain , but more in `` britain with sun '' . 
  a significant part of them live in their own ghettos all along the mediterranean coast and in the canary islands ( where i am from ) where they all speak english , have british-style pubs , british supermarkets and so on . 
  basically , britain with sun . 
  to be fair there are spanish supermarkets in parts where a lot of spaniards have moved to . 
  the uk has been a net contributor to the eu for all of the eu 's existence . 
  thatcher fucked the place up, 
  you can easily kill someone with fireworks , they are made of gunpowder, 
  yeah it does . 
  we cremated my grandfather a couple of years back ( he wanted that way ) and we paid a lot of a granite plaque on the wall of remembrance . 
  it only lasts 20 years until we have to pay again to renew the spot on the wall . 
  its not much mind over 20 years ( like a couple of quid per year ) . 
  thats why people will pay to be in the book of remembrance since that is permanent, 
  great use of our tax payed buildings, 
  my heart bleeds, 
  i just do n't like being part of some supernatural bastard 's grand version of the sims, 
  while a nice change i do n't particularly like being seen as a creation of god, 
  you would think the pro-eu lot would want him to shut the hell up, 
  is this even a country ? 
  this kind of blase attitude to the eu referendum is probably going to have the uk out . 
  in the north of england there are people who have been flooded considering voting out since the uk 's net contribution could be used to build better flood defenses over here etc. 
  at least from what i have heard . 
  ca n't see this happening , the serb part will just want nothing to do with the eu and will threaten to separate from the place again, 
  no it does n't . 
  the eu is n't very good at campaigning , i remember they went crazy to get people to vote last year , and again the turnout decreased for another year, 
  a free crystal of chernobylite, 
  well considering the `` unified '' solution was immediately rejected by the likes of croatia, 
   or machines that do n't take them . 
  do vendor machines across england generally take ni and scottish bank notes ? 
  not when i tried . 
  most vendor machines only work in coins . 
  the few that takes notes will accept all notes . 
  it could just be your note being a bit manky or torn or something . 
  subway will accept notes , but anyone who goes there is worthy of judgment imo . 
  the eu is n't really a union , currently it does n't work . 
  its too fragmented and its probably going to end splitting into fractions, 
  they are n't accepted by people who do n't know what they are . 
  major retailers accept them no problem . 
  personally ni and scottish banknotes should be scrapped but that is never going to happen . 
  this is exactly why the eastern countries should n't be allowed into the eu . 
  the european values and what not were formed based on western values . 
   european lefties are now losing in all countries . 
  the eu need to reborn as conservative organisation conservative values have just fucked countries up . 
  the echr has done bigger all for lgbt people . 
  just think russia is in the echr so that should give you an idea, 
   family values are pillar of society and ridiculing it with something like gay marriage is one of the worst things what can happen to society . 
  i just mean canada , norway , sweden , france , uk , us are so struggling are n't they ? 
  fuck you, 
  why ? 
  ukraine proves the eu is completely inept at international relations . 
  i do n't see why you are obsessing over this non-issue . 
  the euro does ' t allow any countries to make their own bank-notes or anything so its a bit irrelevant,
