  which is well golf  cameron could have stopped his appointment if he wanted , but being the shit country we ( britain ) are . 
  he decided to leave the party he was part of , join a different party ; and complain avidly from the sidelines that he has no say in anything . 
  i ca n't blame cameron from wanting out of the epp . 
  the tories do n't want to be european federalists but the epp does . 
  i do n't think cameron reflects the whole country either . 
   the epp appointed him because he is an extremely capable technocrat i still do n't think he is fit and proper to be in the role he is . 
  i think the eu parliament had no guts in the vote of confidence in him after his dealings in luxembourg . 
  since when was the eu a technocracy anyway ? 
  he may be good at looking after a country full of bankers but the eu is a different ball game . 
  i do n't like the idea of an unelected figurehead ( he is n't even an mep ) having this type of power a bit anti-democratic, 
  the bible is equally ridiculous but i think a flying horse with a women 's head is more absurd than a talking donkey, 
  and wooly mammoths, 
  i have read it and it was bizarre , certainly not the perfect word of god ( as muslims claim ) it repeats itself all the time , contradicts itself , has seemingly bizarre events in it . 
  is n't miliband of jewish decent ? 
  i actually hope he does n't become pm , he is shockingly awful, 
  when i hear that name i immediately think of the simpsons `` we do n't put euro onto everything you know ; euroguards take him away in eurocuffs '', 
  turkey is in nato , they are n't going to do anything i would be more worried about the cypriots allowing the russian navy in to be honest, 
  western ukraine may be more european than the rest , but the eastern 1/2 is more pro-russian . 
  there has been tension there for a while to be honest . 
   it would be nice to think there is some unified cohesive eu thinking , but there is not . 
  its disjointed , confused and incoherent . 
  it can barely exert itself internationally , let alone on its own doorstep . 
  thats exactly why the eu ca n't have a military , its nowhere near stable or unified enough . 
  this is about step 100 on the theoretical `` to do '' list on how to set up a federation , we are n't even on step 1 ( do we actually want a federation ) juncker needs a reality check to be honest . 
  i have no idea what the epp were thinking when they appointed him, 
  you can do that without the military element , erasmus , fp7 etc. 
  all already do that . 
  also i was in cadets and i have been to germany etc. 
  with them so these opportunities already exist , eu militaries already coordinate on these types of things i do n't see the need or even the will for this to follow through . 
  i ca n't see this happening anyway so its a bit of a moot point i am afraid . 
  this is just juncker trying to sound big and important , i have n't seen any defence ministers , senior army people etc. 
  saying this is a good idea . 
  at least nato is fairly politically independent , the eu is too fractioned for a common military and foreign policy . 
  they ca n't even have a shared currency between the 28 even procurement , everyone wants different things hence why france did n't join the eurofighter programme and built the rafale . 
  same with the a400m , look at how late and overpriced that has shown to be . 
  also foreign policies are very different , like it or not the uk will always be closer militarily to the uk , france has different drivers ( currently in africa ) etc. 
  this is just a way for smaller countries to have some form of military ego boost without actually paying for it . 
  i mean most of the military power in the eu comes from the uk and france to be honest . 
  why should uk and french tax payers have to support countries which do n't spend on it . 
  where is the money for this coming from as well ? 
  what about countries like ireland when they are constitutionally obligated to be neutral ? 
  why not ? 
  for putin loosing most of the ssrs from the cis would make him look uninfluencial . 
  no i am referring to the way the eu kicked the hornets nest with ukraine , ashton etc. 
  were idiots . 
  the point is , part of the problems with ukraine were partially due to the eu 's approach to the place . 
  its pretty obvious they would love an eu country to be on putin 's door step ( kalingrad does n't count , it should n't be russian to be honest ), 
  the problem with randomly reading a holy book is that followers of a religion cherry pick the bits they like , so it wo n't improve knowledge over a religion . 
  assuming that people actually listen to this , a lot probably wo n't, 
  could you be any more stupid if you try ? 
  it was the eu lobbying ukraine, 
   fyi not all of us are vile bigoted fucksleeves so feel free to come over that there are lot of '' vile bigoted fucksleeves '' in the uk there are n't, 
  well you are the ones making brash assumptions about a whole country . 
  you do realise that parts of scotland are the most sectarian places of the uk ? 
  i ca n't see this happening . 
  it would get a veto by major eu countries . 
  fact is a lot of people would n't want to serve in a european military , i certainty would n't , not with the way the eu has been running its foreign policy lately, 
  the uk would opt out certainly . 
  i could imagine an eu army having a recruitment problem , in the uk at least not that many people see themselves as eu citizens, 
  the uk 's view on the eu has changed alot since 98 however, 
  i ca n't see a european army working . 
  the uk and france would veto the idea and i would imagine they would have a big recruitment problem, 
  did n't they bully a gulag memorial museum into closing down ? 
  even the an225 has a market . 
  there is a lot of demand for super heavy freighters to ship things like trains , military gear , aircraft components between factories etc. 
  both the uk and us military charters them from russian companies , i would imagine they would prefer to have them based in a more friendly country . 
  i think a fully modernised an-124 ( complete new avionics fit , 2 man flight deck , glass cockpit etc. ), 
  would be fairly successful . 
  it would save boeing and airbus the hassel of building and certifying things like the dreamlifter, 
  yeah i flew the an-2 in the uk , you can fly one on a ppl they do experience flights on one that visits every summer . 
  pretty awesome to be honest . 
  is the an-124 still ongoing or will they stop selling those to russia in light of recent events ( to be fair they would probably find a customer for those in a lot of places ), 
  lowest homicide rate ... ca n't complain, 
  i hope antonov survive ( aircraft manufacturer ) they build some awesome trainers, 
  the turkish one looks like stalin, 
  just a point , this is n't 75 % for disarment this is 75 % against trident renewal which is an overpriced mess to be honest, 
  no it may make the uk consider stopping defence cuts but it wo n't cause the uk to remain in the eu , its not even a factor tbh we are in nato which is nothing to do with the eu, 
  how is english `` foreign '' to 10 % of the people surveyed in the uk ? 
  its not by definition a foreign language, 
  they probably think the ussr and comintern were good things that `` helped '' the countries . 
  no doubt the ussr tv ( and probably russian ) made no mention of the governments in exile , the declarations from estonia and lithuania that they were illegally occupied etc. 
  debatable over a period of 10 years, 
  yes i agree , its why i am for keeping the uk 's deterrent . 
  ukraine gave up theirs and look at the mess they are in . 
  the big thing with nukes is the damage they cause if they are ever used , imagine pressing a button to launch one knowing that thousands possibly millions of people are going to be killed/maimed for life by your action ? 
  that you are basically going to obliterate a city , homes , hospitals etc. 
  ( look up the photos taken right after nagasaki , its like in sim city when you deleted all the buildings and left just the roads ) that turns most people off them one thing with war is that it is more or less expected that you avoid directly targeting innocent civilians , hard to do that with nukes . 
  a rifle is precise , you do n't shoot someone and a couple of dozen are killed collaterally, 
  when the uk proposed something similar the eu went into a shitstorm, 
   the uk needed us assistance to fight the falklands war yes in 1982 we needed some satellite assistance , since then the uk has developed skynet ( seriously ) that is our own network of spy satellites . 
  falklands also have a great big airbase with constant fighter deployments there so its completely different . 
  anyway the us government nearly abandoned the uk during the falklands, 
  okay but then you will have to take your bases back with you from uk and germany , no more staging places in europe or the overseas territories in the middle of the atlantic and indian oceans, 
  germany does n't want to develop them , as does italy , eastern europe wanted rid of them post ussr, 
  well there are already nukes in the eu , uk and france have deterrents . 
  the uk one is sub launched so is fairly movable . 
  also the us has nukes over here as well, 
  to be fair having a military can sort of help peace , the cold war stayed cold due to the stalemate of nato vs ussr, 
  to be fair if you get involved early enough the us does do cost and development sharing . 
  like the f35 , alot of the development and production is done in the uk bringing jobs and what not,
