  its derived from eirrean which is on the bus network , the telecoms etc. 
  victim blaming is disgusting, 
  well if the uk remains in it will be the most commonly spoken language in the eu ( first and second ) esperanto is n't really anything more than a hobby . 
  its spoken by most maltese and a huge chunk of cyprus, 
   even esperanto . 
  its basically dead , it does n't work the way its meant to, 
  how is the eu meant to stand up for public ownership , they do n't like the concept, 
  i would say italy 's press is more right wing to be honest, 
  not the netherlands or west of vienna . 
  also the caliphates were ironically far more sensible and liberal than the shit isis believes in, 
  i do on occasion drive a volvo and go to ikea but thats how scandinavian i get, 
  so it was never over here in history . 
  should we just go to the middle east and demand that western culture is forced on them, 
  deliberate physical signs marking people out as asylum seekers no it was n't deliberate , the company who was contracted to deal with accommodation did what most large landlords did and buy house fittings in bulk . 
  another one gave them wristbands so they knew who is meant to get food allowance , you know like you do on an all inclusive holiday . 
  idiots . 
  if they like isis so much why do n't they fuck off to there, 
   are you a fucking idiot or what ? 
  there is limited archaeological evidence since they incinerated the bodies . 
  just because you ca n't find a body of every single person murdered in the camps does n't mean it did n't happen . 
  i work in academia and making rash claims without any real evidence from yourself makes me question whenever you have actually studied archaeology, 
  or / u/stormfront, 
  if they were n't all executed where did all those innocent jewish , roma , homosexuals etc. 
  holocaust denial is actually an offence in most of europe , in the uk and ireland it forms part of racial hatred laws to deny it . 
  only someone with no morality would try to deny one of the worst atrocities in human history, 
  spot the racist, 
  iraq was n't a reaction to 9/11 , that was afghanistan, 
  so is everyone, 
  er the death camps were found intact , also evidence from the ss and gestapo were recovered, 
  and britain first ( a minor right wing party that got less than 1 % of the vote ) has the most likes on facebook of any uk party . 
  facebook likes can be brought, 
  i know what you are trying to do here, 
  yes because i live here, 
  no i am usually active on / r/europe, 
  so do n't feed the troll, 
  i never once said i was proud of anything the uk has done in the past, 
  i have no pride for any of them so please do n't put words in my mouth . 
  i was having a rational discussion about perceptions of historical figures and saying that cromwell was hardly the only psychopath in that era of history which is a fact . 
  source, 
  the so called ira groups in ulster killed more innocent people than anything else, 
  oh fuck off with your 0 % trolling . 
  do you have a similar view of mao ? 
  judging by some of the responses the only acceptable stance is guilt . 
  therefore every muslim is a shameful apologist for muhammed 's war lording , every swede is a shameful apologist for the vikings , every catholic is a shameful apologist for the crusades, 
  also voting down every post i have made is a bit childish, 
  well he was a uk citizen as a result . 
  considering a lot of ireland considers that egyptian guy who got caught in some brotherhood stuff irish then surely he is as irish as connolly is scottish ? 
  i guess but unlike fawkes i do understand why connolly did what he did . 
  the uk government made awful decision after awful decision regarding ireland . 
  if they listened to the likes of parnell then things would have gone very differently . 
  it is interesting how immediately after 1916 he was seen as just a terrorist in ireland , it was only after he was executed for treason his ideas got popular support . 
  ( i am going to go into the debate whenever he should be executed or not that is a thorny topic since he did technically commit high treason since he was a british subject ), 
  i live in ireland and i have come across people who think that connolly was born in ireland . 
  he was technically scots-irish, 
  yes but neither should we be ashamed . 
  if i was responding to this i would have put neither, 
  here is something for you look at 64 ( he was born in edinburgh and had the accent ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/100_greatest_britons down voted for pointing out a fact ? 
  sorry wrong reply, 
  i remember having to study the russian history during gcse history and i was struggling to see how the tsars and lenin would be useful in my day-to-day life in the uk . 
  most conflicts are senseless ( with the exception of wwii and the balkans , hitler and the serbs were actively committing genocide ), 
  yes but they have links to actual neonazis ( not in name due to the laws over there , but they are certainly of that ideology ), 
  i do n't get people have an expectation of colonial guilt ? 
  why should i have to be guilty for the actions of people who existed a long time before me and the only real link is being born in the same arbitrary border as them ? 
  have they though ? 
  germany may have basically banned nazism but considering the size of groups like pedia i do n't think its come to terms with it to be honest . 
  great does n't mean good . 
  it means a large influence . 
  hitler was a great leader since he has such an impact on world history . 
  muhammed had a great influence on arabia and his life was n't exactly spectacular either, 
  to be fair you have to find more than an independent article . 
  they forged an identity around their neutrality etc. 
  during the wars . 
  counterpoint : canada and the constant quebec separatism, 
  you know i did a cmv on this very topic , some of the replies are interesting https://www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/2xov0d/cmv_oliver_cromwell_is_the_most_evil_figure_in/, 
  but a ( sic ) after it, 
  point 3 is a bit unfair , radcliffe was under incredible pressure from both hindu and muslim nationalists . 
  if he did nothing then india would have ended up in a ethno-religious war that would have been worse than the conflicts that have happened . 
  i did slavery in primary school . 
  to be fair its easy to judge cromwell and the like based on today 's moral standards . 
  in cromwellian eras that type of behaviour was common worldwide . 
  the question asked was a bit loaded and skewed to the positive . 
  you would n't get away with that in real research ( by that i mean academic ), 
  to be fair alot of guardian readers are planning to vote out , they have had a fair few columnists advocate an exit . 
  yes but they work because they share a common language , mostly a german identity and language . 
  also they have been linked as far back as the prussian empire in some form of another . 
  an eu federation would be joining countries which have never been linked , have their own cultures and languages . 
  its a completely different ball game . 
   new cockpit hardware that is apparently too bright for night-time operations . 
  whoever was the contractor for that must be an idiot , obviously no real hmi studies were done, 
  they must be less sophisticated compared to the british gr7 version that we operate . 
  they have a lot of night operations under their belt ( iraq , afghanistan , kosovo etc. ), 
  although the luftwaffe has a lot of old gear , they are still operating f-4 phantoms for crying out loud, 
   it will take a good while for that to permeate through the british psyche , i think . 
  i think its almost there , the whole anti-french is more banter than anything . 
  seriously look at how the uk responded to the paris attacks . 
  nearly every national monument was lit up in the tricolour , the uk joined in the moment 's silence , the french anthem was played before every epl and rugby union game , most people see france as an ally since the entente cordiale , also the amount of british blood that was spilt in the liberation of france during wwii . 
  hence the quotation marks, 
   on the flip side , its foreign policy interests often do n't fit with those of the rest of the eu . 
  it fits more than it does n't . 
  the uk has been alongside france a lot recently , such as in lybia and syria .
