   it 's good for our shareholders , and it 's good for the company itself , can a business argument really convince the actual voters ? 
  there are more than 3 . 
  bt , virgin , ee , plusnet , talk talk , sky , vodafone , 3 , kingston etc. 
  there are literally dozens . 
  if vodafone disappear from the isp market they are hardly going to be noticed . 
  because welfare in the uk is means tested , people in london get more than someone in say leeds due to the different cost of living . 
  a kid in poland needs less money spent to have the same quality of life as one in the uk . 
  personally a kid in another country could be seen as not the government 's responsibility, 
  they seem to be happy to exploit religion as a cash cow , i mean mecca is a mess . 
  all the history there has been ripped out and replaced with hideous gaudy hotels for rich muslims who want to hajj in style ( surely defeats the point ? ) . 
  the non rich muslims , well they do n't care about them , look at the crushing incident a few weeks ago . 
  then this happens : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fty6kj_pqq, 
  i find it hard to take this seriously when in the erc funding , israel a country not even part of europe is given considerable more funding than european countries ( see http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/nov/11/leaving-eu-would-be-a-disaster-british-universities-warn ), 
  the problem is europe is already split from north to south . 
  i do find he has a fair point with regards to paying child benefits to kids in another country , it should be based on what the standard is in that country . 
  canadians replacing the brits, 
  i still think bombardier should have played to their strengths ( i.e the dash-8 which is arguably the best turboprop in the world ) . 
  the problem with the c-series is that its an incredibly oversaturated market , and they are late to the game and sort of have a successful regional jet already ( i.e the crj , which is n't being phased out of production anytime soon ), 
  its still a substantial decline in a matter of months, 
  to be fair before the rajj india was a collection of warring kingdoms , it would have been very different if the uk never colonised it . 
  france has done its fair share of colonising by the way , a lot of things in the louvre etc. 
  are n't french, 
  except its not the government , its a bunch of rich indians wanting free media time . 
  very few countries actually had a vote on maastricht , there should have been a referendum ec wide for that . 
  not really , its a vague term that fails to define close, 
  it did n't work in cyprus, 
  actually a lot of those claims are false . 
  some of the bankers think the uk would do better outside of the eu, 
  other countries also have a ton of opt-outs, 
  straight bananas, 
  isis ? 
  i was on about the ypg, 
  the engines are part american ( iae are a uk , french and american going venture ) as are a lot of the avionics and other systems, 
  us airlines operate in and out of egypt as do uk airlines . 
  also considering the a321 was registered in ireland therefore the irish would be involved in the investigation which brings easa into it . 
  its common for another country to assist in such as investigation , the us had satellite data in the region and i bet the investigators would love to have it . 
  except the ypg could arguably be seen as freedom fighters , they want a state where kurds are safe . 
  isis do n't stand for any freedom ( apart from the freedom to murder , rape and enslave ), 
  surely to be a freedom fighter you have to you know fight for freedom , not impose 7th century authoritarianism on the place, 
  as would colonising mars, 
  that nearly happened in the 50s amusingly, 
  i think that is his point, 
  the status quo mostly works ( apart from stormont ) , there is no border and controls between the uk and ireland , you can drive dublin to belfast and the only clue you have changed country is the road signs switching to imperial , no irish on them and a small sign saying welcome to northern ireland , measurements are in miles, 
  yeah the vatican has zilch influence compared to 50 years ago . 
  i do n't know , ni needs heavily subsidy , i do n't think dublin can afford it even for a short term . 
  they struggle to support public services as it is, 
   the republic joining the uk ? 
  not going to happen, 
  manx pound is on parity with the sterling , they are used interchangeably, 
  the military is planning to evac them to cyprus where regular airlines will take them back to the uk they are n't stranded , since the russian plane was possibly brought down by a bomb in the catering carts or the baggage hold no airline wants to risk egyptian airports for the time being, 
  i do n't think it will be that straightforward , a lot of multinationals operating in the uk have their hqs in places like luxembourg and others . 
  i was friends with a guy who was in this group . 
  he spent all his time ranting online for them , hardly went to lectures and was then pissed off he only got a third in film studies, 
  if it was , then this was a cathedral before it was a mosque, 
  only if muslims give back churches that became mosques, 
  it also expanded far too fast , it almost doubled in 10 years, 
  not going to happen . 
  fg are big epp supporters ; ff are in the same eurofederalist liberal group as the uk lib dems ; labour are big s&d backers ; sf are probably the most eurosceptic but i doubt they would be able to get a referendum into a coalition agreement , assuming any other party will work with them, 
  so it was a transformer ( nothing to do with the nuclear reactor ) in a shut down plant . 
  oh wait its rt is n't it, 
  how ? 
  he was awful, 
  well duh , since his government is the one occupying it, 
  you still have ireland, 
  they are all more or less in the error margin , so its pretty neck and neck . 
  the commonwealth is n't a political union , its just a glorified talking shop and a less interesting olympics, 
  there are claims he wants to declare himself as the sultan, 
  how ? 
  they did n't get a majority, 
  well its unfair for anyone who is n't a heterosexual male arabic muslim, 
  they could be film studies academics ( i.e not really academics ), 
  well that depends on the referendum, 
   french is the natural language of diplomacy was , defacto is english now, 
  it would be interesting to see what universities they come from, 
  thats not approximate, 
  as a british academic myself i refuse to go to conferences in countries that persecute lgbt people , i wonder if these 343 ( < 0.2 % ) would support that, 
  er yeah, 
  194245 so 0.17 % https://www.hesa.ac.uk/stats-staff, 
  religious types are experts at cherry picking, 
  how is the uk referendum a crisis ? 
  most ukrainians ( not the transplanted russians ) do n't want anything to do with russia , i mean they did just invade the place and are responsible for a chunk being a literal nuclear wasteland, 
  nope , nein , non the eu needs to stop expanding , and i mean doe these 72 % considering the amount of eu money ukraine will suck up . 
  i mean 1 . 
  the cost of securing the boarders of that place 2 . 
  parts are in civil war 3 . 
  a chunk is a nuclear no-go zone , since the russians who built and ran the rmbk reactors which caused the disaster do n't feel they should pay for the clean up of it , we will get foot with the bill . 
  i do n't want a boarder with russia , it will just escalate the situation with putin even more ( before anyone mentions it i am aware of kalingrad but that is an enclave russia has no right to hold and knows it ) 5 . 
  the ukrainians will flee the place , there are not enough jobs for another load of eastern immigration . 
  their government is far right , we have enough of that in the eu as it is, 
  above, 
  africa 's development is screwed by rampant corruption in most of the place, 
  unless you buy diamonds i do n't see much that people want from africa to be blunt . 
  what do they export that people really need in the uk , most of it is raw metals that we have no use for, 
  maybe we do n't want to take your crap anymore saudi , maybe we do n't want your absurd royal family descending on the place and causing havoc , maybe we do n't need your oil as much anymore, 
  why do we need to partner with africa . 
  a theoretical non-eu uk would probably go to east asia for trade and the eu . 
  there are n't many things africa has that the uk buys . 
   on wednesday , i caught a cab from uxbridge station to brunel university . 
  my driver was a gruff , old ( ish ) white man . 
  my spirit did n't take to him but the ride was supposed to be short so i did n't think on that too much .
