  why they are criminals ? 
  meh its not comparable to the recent videos of the queen of england 's childhood . 
  the qataris let in migrants , just they never leave, 
  yes but he is a persona non grata for all of europe and turkey , so he has nil chance of getting out of syria, 
  he is one of the most wanted men in the world atm , along with the head of isis . 
  cage are a joke . 
  they are run by a known terrorist and claim this crackhead is a `` meek and mild gentleman '', 
  obviously unhappy that idiot on the train is getting all the terror coverage . 
  i really wish someone would chop his head off, 
  well yes , a jury is hardly going to ignore a dozen eyewitness reports , cctv etc. 
  maybe quantum sting theory is right and somewhere else in existence a bullet was fired and it caused an identical bullet to exist at that very time and place / s, 
  so if i find an ak in a park the first thing i do is get some ammo , a knife and a handgun , go onto a packed train and then run down the carriage brandishing it ... his thinkness would be amusing if he was n't going to murder dozens of innocent people, 
  except the parliament is probably the eu 's biggest flaw, 
  not really , most in employment will be allowed to stay as far as i am aware . 
  there were rumours of a character test ( i.e criminal background ), 
  why ? 
  that is what they want , they want to be martyred , this thing probably wanted to get shot by the authorities after he ran out of ammo . 
  dumping in a cage for the rest of his life is probably a worse fate, 
  its probably crap ammo, 
  the french actor lacerated himself with the emergency brake lever, 
  i was n't being serious, 
  having blood come out of all your orifices as a result of your immune system self destructing your body is pretty disturbing for anyone, 
  kalashnikov saw himself as partially responsible for everyone murdered with one http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-01-13/ak-47-rifle-inventor-mikhail-kalashnikov-regrets-creating-weapon/5198396, 
  the uk does it similar as does spain . 
  when i was in barcelona i visited the sagrada fam\u00edlia , there were cops armed to the teeth around it, 
  and far right ( london nail bomber ), 
  i was referring to handguns like the americans have, 
  new york . 
  i meant grand central, 
  these seems apt https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewlwnxfh2rg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mgqah3-lk54, 
  i think they are part owned by the various country 's rail operators . 
  i guess its just something that i think of a lot , i come from right next to lockerbie and being born a couple of years after that i grew up around all the trials and investigation into it . 
  meh just dump him in gitmo, 
  seems possible , its not that absurd considering the uk , us , france and the netherlands are all close allies with each other, 
  did n't the ira call in warnings ? 
  when i used the sa80 and its derivatives in cadets and the uas we used 27 ( although the ones we had were the rejects from iraq ), 
  in the uk walking around with a gun ( even a replica ) is an automatic 5 year prison term , and probably being pounced on by the local aru, 
  i was more referring to the commendation from the queen , i would imagine these marines deserve something similar ( probably more ), 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2007_glasgow_international_airport_attack#john_smeaton it was a kick to the balls , very apt for glasgow, 
  yeah the ak47 is infamous for jamming . 
  now i understand why before he died kalashnikov had deep regret at inventing the thing . 
  his name is forever associated with these types of people, 
  i do n't know , i am probably to have to move to somewhere like london for work and i am worried . . 
  i know thats letting them win but you see mi5 etc. 
  foiling plots but what if they miss one ? 
  i would n't be surprised if the uk goes to critical again ( i would imagine there will be a cobra meeting due to this attack to assess the risk for a similar copycat in the uk ) , considering the worry about vj day attacks and what not, 
  and a knife and a handgun, 
  they had that awful attack in mumbai, 
  i know paris has them in museums , the louvre has a complete airport style security check on the way in, 
  they 'll just target other trains . 
  look at london , you ca n't have an armed officer on every london bus or tube train , you would need thousands . 
  the only way to stop these attacks from happening is to stop people from being radicalised to do these things . 
  the idea of the marines beating the shit out of him is a bit comforting . 
  thats darkly ironic, 
  when i was at central station there were metal detectors and signs saying no firearms like you get in us airports, 
  amtrack have checked luggage ? 
  its probably not hard in the paris underworld either, 
  i am sure they will get some recognition , probably from the french and the us . 
  it sort of reminds me of the airport worker who rugby tackled one of the attempted suicide bombers at glasgow airport . 
  he got a medal from the queen for it, 
  yes the eiffel tower is still there, 
  they are monsters . 
  anyone who thinks its justified to murder innocent people in cold blood are pure evil beyond redemption in my opinion, 
  is n't a thalys just a modified tgv to work multi voltage and signalling and a nice paint scheme ? 
  a tgv at full spend needs a lot of track to stop , although you would hope an emergency brake application may force the gunman over or something, 
  well this has happened in madrid and london, 
  for an idea a standard ak mag is 30 rounds , so he had enough ammo to kill a lot of people plus the handgun and knife . 
  shit so at least 240 rounds ( assuming the standard 30 round mags ), 
  there were about 550 people on that train , it would have easily been the worst terrorist attack since 9/11, 
  this was far far far too close for comfort , this could have been a massacre, 
  he was a man with an ak47 i.e a man with a gun therefore a gunman compound nouns are n't hard, 
  here we go, 
  they live here , they are our problem 7/7 bombers were all homegrown , as was the pair that hacked lee rigby to death, 
  us marines are probably the best trained in the world ( either them or the royal marines ) . 
  they probably will , it will most likely be a civilian french decoration though since they were n't on duty but they will get recognised for it . 
  reminds me a bit of that airport worker who rugby tackled one of the glasgow airport bomber , he was given a medal by the queen, 
  i do n't care where he came from to be honest . 
  anders brevick , this guy , that orthodox crack who stabbed those lgbt people in jerusalem , the germanwings pilot who flew his airbus into the ground . . 
  they all occupy or will occupy the same area of hell as far as i am concerned, 
  no paramore , no mustangs , no breaking bad , no us house of cards , ontb , himym ... yeah , the us has been churning out some great stuff in the past 10 years, 
  what you are proposing is as bad as the people you are complaining about . 
  i loath islamists as much as i loath neo-nazis as yourself, 
  can you blame him really though ? 
  he survived a massacre that murdered most of his colleagues and friends . 
  any sane person would be scared . 
  what about the millions of copies sold of their survivor issue ? 
  i even saw them in ireland ( i got one ) , in dublin where i study the french embassy had dozens of flowers left in their memory and hundreds of je suis charlie stickers outside it as well . 
  its early , there are conflicting reporting claiming one of the men who stopped him was british or that one of the wounded persons was british . 
  how many people on a tgv ( a talys is just a repainted tgv ) ? 
  upto a 1000 especially if its a double decker . . yeah this could have been one of the worst atrocities in recent history . 
  someone had someone looking out for them i guess ( i am not religious , just a figure of speech ), 
  so the massive support toward charlie hebdo after the massacre never happened in your world ? 
  in the uk most of the anti-us stuff is more just banter . 
  not many people really have a problem with their bases in england , nato or the 5eyes etc. 
  we are just kinda petty about our culture and form of english and do n't like americanisation much, 
  source ? 
  ( not implying anything just wondering since it was mentioned briefly over here ), 
  english is an official language of india , that does n't make indians english, 
  firstly this was n't an arab . 
  arabs are actually a minority of muslims ( its saudi imperialism that creates that misconception ) .
