  that worked so well in afghanistan did n't it ? 
  in dublin there are a lot of visit tunisia ads on buses and the like . 
  sadly i think this will undermine their efforts somewhat . 
  i never understand how a religion from a supposed omnibenevolent and omnipotent entity ends up allowing people to murder innocent people in it 's name, 
  as a gay person the islamist flag is deeply offensive to me so i do n't see how its different, 
  well they are engaged in operations against islamist terrorists in syria and mali . 
  it is possible this monster was linked to groups france is engaged against, 
  i meant how the attack was designed in such a way to grab maximum attention and fear . 
  it was a spectacle murder, 
  they make compressed gases and products . 
  stuff like liquid nitrogen for cooling , dry ice , xenon , freon . 
  that stuff is harmless they may also do liquid oxygen and hydrogen gas products which are incredibly explosive , i do n't know if this plant made much of that stuff ( i doubt they would have large stocks of it though ), 
  sadly not always , some of those morons who have run off to syria were n't known, 
  also the head was apparently pinned to the gate with some arabic writing stuck to it . 
  this is pure terrorism this one, 
  oh god . 
  i would hate to be working in a us org that area ( air products is a us company , probably why they were targeted ) i hope to police / army / whatever get him before anyone else has to die, 
   there was arabic writing on severed head pinned to french factory gates , a legal source tells afp . 
  fuuuuuck , good lord what a monster . 
  what on earth possesses this people , who on earth thinks that such an attack is justified ? 
  this is sick . 
  i wonder how much greece would save by getting rid of conscription, 
  this is exactly why i think foreign funding of religious organisations should be banned . 
  salafism only exists today thanks to saudi money . 
  the problem is the echr can do bugger all to enforce its rulings . 
  they can fine people like they did to france once but that is always nothing for a country, 
  this is just catholic groups trying to have a show of source after being humiliated in ireland and malta over their homophobia the vatican is slowly loosing its influence on people 's lives, 
  does n't a load of the ex-soviet satellites loath russia now ? 
  i am fairly sure that estonia for example officially considers the estonian ssr as an occupied country and was illegitimate, 
  its very early , the no campaign has n't even been launched . 
  it could very easily be swung , especially considering the attitude of some eurocrats, 
  i was referring to how turkish airlines let a load of unaccompanied teenage girls onto a fight to turkey which they used to join isis, 
  also the best airline for sneaking off to syria, 
  since this is in the margin of error and its based from uk polling data that has been completely wrong in the past 18 months it could mean anything, 
  even though england are shite , they do have alot of fans who travel to games etc. 
  i saw the us and south american teams including brazil etc. 
  are also involved with this . 
  a world cup with no , brazil , england , germany , holland etc. 
  wo n't be worth watching . 
  i would blame the morons who let any country into the euro without actually checking they are suitable . 
  if the uk was in the euro and was seriously affected by the eurocrash then i would put money that the uk already quit the eu and euro by now, 
  the eu leaders are as bad , when ireland rejected lisbon they descended on the place and demanded another referendum, 
  maybe we should get rid of luxembourg then , they are far bigger tax haven than london is europe, 
  the uk seemed to be able to provide a significant loan to ireland in 2010, 
  do n't most people copy kalashnikovs ? 
  what will turn the uk against the eu is attitudes like this . 
  i said this last year , juncker is an awful head of the commission but i got down voted , his arrogance is one of the primary reasons i ca n't stand him . 
  probably , some of the recent research into the older demographics is suggesting that more will support it than was claimed, 
  that is just a rebadged sandero, 
  james may actually likes the sandero , i mean for what it is , at that price you ca n't really go wrong with it http://www.telegraph.co.uk/motoring/columnists/jamesmay/6670473/dacia-sandero-in-praise-of-the-anti-fashion-car.html, 
  the sandero is the cheapest new car in the uk at # 6000 seats cost more , their main competition will be the east asian companies like kia and hyundai, 
  are n't dacia just cheaper renaults ? 
  like how a skoda and a seat is a cheaper volkswagen ? 
  and a swaztica on the side of the road ... 
  except its not basically everything, 
  a hypothetical use will only happen if each country agrees to it , there are several who will reject it . 
  also did n't the eurobarometer rubbish this claim ? 
  transnistria is n't recognised by anyone, 
  why ? 
  the eu 's agriculture policy is a joke , its a good thing people are opposing it, 
  the us has a lot of foreign built gear , the navy 's primary training aircraft is the goshawk , which is a navalised british aerospace hawk , the marines use harriers still , the f35b 's avionics is developed by the uk, 
  two languages are far easier to manage than 25 languages, 
  no , its not going to work . 
  i am a european but i also see myself as english . 
  i just ca n't see it happening , europe has a lot of cultures ( something i love ) and i ca n't see them integrating into one superstate to be honest . 
  i mean do you think ireland would want to be in the same state as england and france ? 
  have a fiscal union yes , and a political one but leave states as is . 
  i somewhat hope that if the uk votes to stay in , in 2017 then the uk will drop this 1/2 in idea, 
  yeah or mint . 
  i am skeptical about this , this is a really low ranking person who probably has no real understanding about the project . 
  i ca n't stand ubuntu , that unity thing is an example of bad ui design . 
  its no surprise people are using mint and other things to get away from it, 
  what if you want to work on it in school, 
  sort of . 
  a lot gets garbled, 
  my uni had linux boots on a load of the computers . 
  it was never newsworthy, 
  as a gay guy living in ireland this is really starting to depress me . 
  who the heck wrote that . 
  it seems to be plugging a pointless visa agency as well, 
  why 2016 ? 
  surely if a specific sect of christianity has no problem with same sex relationships and marriage should n't be allowed to marry them ? 
  its why the uk has an opt-in system, 
  never heard that stereotype either ? 
  are you thinking of mykonos ? 
  you seem to be ignoring the fact that congregations have walked out on priests ranting about gay marriage . 
  tell me why should be take such a hypocritical organisation seriously , they go on and on about `` sin '' when they are constantly sinning themselves . 
  marriage is n't a religious institution , have your own crazy religious ceremonies if you want but it should have no effect on civil rights, 
   you are poorly informed . 
  is does not care about us , they mostly just want to be left alone while they kill and terrorize people in lybia and syria . 
  their goal is to make their dream islamic country in the middle east and that every `` real '' muslim joins them there . 
  actually isis believe that muslims should try to establish a worldwide capulate, 
  well abu hamza came over as a claimed asylum seeker, 
   work towards stabilizing the middle east , ease tensions and make sure those states can deal with threats like is themselves thats probably the most sane option . 
  he is too stupid to be an informer, 
  well he did `` radicalise '' morons like those two who hacked lee rigby to death, 
  yes but from my experience , bucharest is less compact that dublin so the infrastructure wo n't be as loaded, 
  does n't romania have alot less subscribers compared to dublin ? 
  hence why i am on upc, 
  happened in ireland as well .
