  seems east berlin uses plasma street lighting ( i.e the yellow glow ) , the uk used them until recently, 
  fox is a private company though , rt and others are state owned which is more worrying, 
  just ban it overall, 
   indigenous homosexual i am one of those i think and i have n't come across problems from these lot . 
  you know its the identical position to christianity ? 
  actually most persecution suffered by ahmadiyya 's is from other muslims ( mostly sunni ) do we even know who torched their mosque yet ? 
  also i am going to point out the mosque had insurance , so there is n't really a need for a whip round, 
  uk for one, 
  in her field however its a bit unusual, 
  also 62 pages is a pretty damn short phd dissertation, 
  okay sorry . 
  i just remember the previous one was far more recent, 
  why do these come out only after they have taken office , do the german universities not use turnitin or other plagiarism software now ? 
  well it is , we are still paying and are still eu citizens i am afraid, 
  you know juncker really should resign , he is partically responsible for the rhetoric over here, 
  yeah, 
  i suppose but i could see catalan leaving spain and the eu then immediately planning on rejoining, 
  hard to say , its too early to say, 
  mostly due to catalan , spain may veto any attempt at scottish assession due to it setting a precedence in the eu, 
  what about the significant copic minority ? 
  whats next are turkish airlines going to blank out airbus on their aircraft ? 
  yes germany 's policy is to admit the holocaust and bring those responsible to justice if and when possible ( i.e nurenburg trials ) . 
  turkey 's policy is to deny and have any attempt and silencing people bringing it up . 
  not exactly comparable, 
  no thanks i do n't want any more vile oligarchs over here, 
  could use them for target practice, 
  women are drunk , its loud etc. 
  also they generally go for women who are isolated etc. 
  how exactly can you claim asylum from pakistan ? 
  its against the electorial commission 's regulations and it can have affects, 
  cough canary islands cough, 
  is twitter a legitimate news source now ? 
  well its the new statesman, 
  maybe canada has a better impression and considering they share a head of state we take them more seriously, 
  the tories are n't abstaining , you are thinking of ukip, 
  why should one party have to rule the eu . 
  do we even need a role like juncker ? 
  schulz is hardly any better, 
  it 's only relatively recently that these roles have existed, 
  they are n't in the epp, 
  not really i want to stay in the eu, 
  that is literally any uk party, 
  how can we get rid of this clown ? 
  well yeah , every uk citizen is a european citizen , its stamped on our passports and driver 's licenses , ever our car registration plates have eu flags on them, 
  no idea ? 
  probably similar to why we have a queen, 
  the lord mayor ( most cities have one ) is a guy who goes around dressed in a fancy outfit to public events etc. 
  the actual mayor is either a politician from the council or increasingly a directly elected careerist, 
  irish car bomb . 
  or `` as an irish american ... '', 
  does n't it have loads of bbc shows on it ? 
  also the killing , the first girl with the dragon tattoo movie , pan 's labyrinth are a few `` european '' movies that i have seen on it some countries do it and it just comes forced , canada comes to mind . 
  lord mayor is different , its just ceremonial, 
  well yes and they are but its still a needle in a haystack, 
  if they confirm a fireball then the plane broke up in mid air . 
  could be a catastrophic structural failure , explosion etc. 
  it does n't look like there is much hope for survivors from this one if these reports are correct, 
  it 's a long shot , why would they target a egyptair plane with the majority of egyptians onboard ? 
  sadly not it lost contact 6 hours ago near the coast of egypt , it has n't been seen since . 
  unfortunately , it 's likely to be at the bottom of the med . 
  the only american sport that has any form of a following this side of the atlantic is american football ( mostly in the uk as a result of the wembley fixtures ) and to a certain extent basketball and ice hockey in the nordic and russia . 
  nobody cares about baseball, 
  rounders with hockey was my school 's unisex pe game . 
  that 's a bit of a tedious link . 
  are you inferring we should have bomb disposal guys everywhere ? 
  with the notable exception of the french game at wembley right after the paris massacre last year you do n't routinely deploy this level of security services to a football game , they are more interested in stopping holligans, 
  as a gay guy i do n't know what to think, 
  is an old fiat made out of pig iron with no powersteering and aluminium brakes really any better ? 
  it looks like a ripoff of the dacia sandero, 
  it could just be cheap . 
  is this really a move forward from the 1960s italian technology improved by the russians built in egypt and sold as a lada ? 
  its even worse than those chinese pickups that last 2 years before falling apart pretty much a perfect analogy for the russian economy under putin, 
  english is defacto official though , all business and government operates in it . 
  well kosovo is recognised by a number of un states , the others are n't, 
  even if the uk leaves there are still 3 countries which have english as a major language ( i.e spoken by the majority ) - malta , ireland and cyprus, 
  depends on the car , my citroen has the indicator on the left but my mum 's nissan has it on the other side . 
  also just keep it in third on the roundabout, 
  as someone who has spent 3 years living and driving in ireland its not really any difference . 
  any benefit will be offset by the cost of changing all the signs , markings etc. 
  i thought we already had europol . 
  its not a terrible idea but countries should keep their own and maybe sent people to represent on a pan-eu one ? 
  i mean something has to change considering the eu did n't notice a load of guns and stuff being smuggled across 1/2 the continent, 
  from what i have heard the average argentinian does n't care about the falklands , its just a thing used by the government to rile up the nationalists . 
  was n't poland annexed by the nazis and the population completely restricted in their rights with the view of slowly replacing them with `` ayrans '' in the major towns and cities ? 
  its not like hitler politely asked them `` sorry do you mind if we set up camps and murder a few million jewish , homosexuals , roma etc. 
  in your country '' seriously wthf is wrong with people ? 
  the poles were also victims of nazism ( and to an extent also stalinism ), 
  my heart bleeds, 
  if you want a reason why look in the mirror, 
  should the eu move to be nuclear free including blocking the us storing warheads in europe as well, 
  i live in ireland and my car has the eu flag and irl on that blue box on the left of the plate . 
  i just wonder why the eu flag surely these boxes are meant to ease the process of identifying a car 's registration country so would n't a flag make it easier to identify instead of solely having the country codes ( i mean some are not what you would expect them to be ), 
  they are deeply dangerous to everyone, 
  so i am very pro-eu and i am from northern england , i guess i could be considered a federalist . 
  the amount of ukip coverage in the press is making me think that there is almost no support of the eu in the uk, 
  some yes supporters have claimed that the uk would also have negotiate eu entry and all that crap if scotland goes, 
  with scotland now remaining within the uk it makes a labour majority in westminster in 2015 look likely , since labour support the eu and do n't plan for a referendum in 2017 then it looks more likely the uk will be part of the eu for a while . 
  i do like the idea , i mean having the eu as one state would be a huge superpower and would probably challenge chinese , indian and american influence in the world and dominate trade and bringing brits , french , spanish etc under one flag would be remarkable but do you ever see it happening ? 
  the scottish independence vote did that for catalan, 
  to be blunt my future plans probably have me living on the continent using my rights as a european citizen .
