  i would agree with that , it seems that the uk , poland and france seem to be the only eu countries with decent military spending, 
  does n't ireland have constant referenda ? 
  at least the uk has a government currently, 
  in the event of a brexit alot of the pro-eu tories would loose their influence it will possibly be the end of cameron, 
  why does a tiny nation have such influence in the eu ? 
  yes but they could have put terms in the loan such as only allowing it to be invested n the eu for example , or they have to keep the uk plant open, 
  actually article 50 does n't need a referendum , although it would be suicide for a government to do it without one ( unless right after an election an eu exit was one of the manifesto policies ), 
  you mean like funding a car plant in turkey after ford closed one in the uk ? 
  at least i know a couple of germans who got it from cover disks from uk magazines etc. 
  i prefer serbia when a friend and me were having a road trip from novi sad to belgrade and they played motherfucker by faith no more on the radio at 1pm, 
  that was ramstein not rammstein, 
  yes but even them it was a pointless censorship exercise , wolf 3d and quake disks were just brought elsewhere in europe or shared through bbns ( 90s version of torrenting ) australia has a similar policy of censoring games but people just torrent or get the uk or american versions, 
  well i guess it does sum up the german view of love . . 
  yes but you need papers to rent a house , get a loan , get a job etc. 
  if you did n't have those papers in a hypothetical brexit then it could be impossible to live in the uk , if you went abroad then you could end up being denied entry etc. 
  in know but its still pointless, 
  squeaking, 
  i think people with serious convictions may be made to leave, 
  if you are n't resident in the uk , probably not , a ni is n't permission to work you would need a visa . 
  any visa wavers would be given to people normally resident in the uk at a certain date, 
  you are forgetting pussy which as its name suggests is literally porn ( as is the video ), 
  talk about nannying government , if a under 18 wants said album its on spotify , itunes etc. 
  for crying out loud and every torrent sight on the planet , its an obsolete law for starts, 
  its called a representative sample, 
  india only exists due to colonisation , if the uk never colonised india it would still be a load of waring states , also both pakistan and bangladesh broke away from india very quickly after independence and india and pakistan are still in a stalemate over kashmir . 
  china had a civil war between maoists and the republicans , china has been mostly unified since the dynasties, 
  the entire campaign is full of negative campaigning , its based purely on hypotheticals as well . 
  they argue there could be better links to the commonwealth but there is no guarantee for an example, 
  not from what i heard . 
  hangon how can that even be possible , libya has a government which does n't even control the whole country, 
  aww but they are adorable, 
  its more an awful campaign, 
  cameron resigning wo n't lead to another general election, 
  you poor person, 
  some europeans see the uk as a reality checker for the eu , without the uk countries like germany will more reign to do what they want, 
  that is males that are n't related . 
  if you get a pair of brothers or a couple who have been together all their lives you will be fine, 
  i guess but its pretty unfair on the females constantly getting humped, 
  nearly all pet shops wo n't sell a single guinea pig , the only exception is rescue males who ca n't be put with females ( piggy boom ) or they will fight with other males . 
  i had one he was n't that lonely because we gave him alot of attention etc. 
  somewhat hypocritical coming from rt also looks like a damp rag, 
  pikeys or chavs, 
  thats a word i have n't heard before, 
  well its not exactly surprising with all the bs putin has no doubt been feeding them, 
  well it is, 
  i guess but according to this chart we are doing okay in that department, 
  it pays for their tourism campaigns, 
  i guess but for the uk point of view its not really worth it as far as strategics go , we already have access to eastern european airspace though cyprus and since the military 's budget is tight ( still maintaining the nato requirements ) especially when we have big procurement projects ongoing its hard to justify putting uk troops there just for the sake of looking tough to russia . 
  i mean what would they do in poland ? 
  there is n't a border to monitor like there was in germany, 
  my heart bleeds for the criminals who exploited the vulnerable, 
  are n't the uk and us stationing troops there ? 
  `` the jews '' ? 
  is that meant to be israel ? 
  flights to and from the us have extra security so every passenger 's details are checked on a security database . 
  in addition if you are denied entry to the us due to no visa or something then the airline has to pay a flight back to where you came from so they want to avoid that, 
  i still see them in airports . 
  no we nearly had them but nobody wanted one and they were axed by the last government, 
  yes but the us sort of grew as a federation , in 1776 places like new york of philly were nothing like they are today . 
  the eu is a bunch of countries in varying stages of devolopment that have grown their separate ways . 
  the us for instance has a common legal system , in the eu you have napoleonic , common , hellenic , scots , norse legal systems all very different in how they operate for instance, 
  its nothing new , a load of catalans camped out in scotland during the referendum there , sort of backfired to be honest, 
  have different rights compared to someone born in the uk, 
   issuing patents european patents already exist  border security frontex  diplomacy eu has a diplomatic corps  military not going to happen , the uk and france do n't want to basically have to run the military of all of europe when alot of members do n't even maintain the minimum for nato . 
  neutral countries like ireland would also have a problem with that idea, 
  you ca n't have a federation based on an economic argument . 
  this type of argument just does n't work , look at the uk 's remain campaign they are making it alot based on economics and efficiencies but seriously the average joe does n't give a damn about any of that . 
  the states of america did n't federalise because it would be more efficient it was to have a common identity and what not to be able to be viable and shake off attempts to quash independence from europe, 
  not really , it does n't really specify what `` ever closer union '' actually means, 
  while there are a handful that want it but they are somewhat different politically and what not so i ca n't see it working . 
  take luxembourg which is probably the country most for it , however i would imagine the other countries in a hypothetical federation would want to shut down its tax loopholes and what not, 
  its still not fair , what if a group of countries screw up and push the eu over the limit , why should i have to suffer because a few romanians or bulgarians have no respect for the law, 
  also i dread to think the mess an eu passport body would be in having to issue passports to tens of millions of people . 
  it would cost billions that could be better spent, 
  well it sort of is that already . 
  id cards wo n't be standardised anytime soon since some countries do n't issue them , i still have no idea how italians get away with that flimsy bit of paper they have as an id card, 
  most of us would n't want a eu passport . 
  it is n't , it literally says from hm government : this is why you should vote to remain, 
  not to be rude but am i the only one sick of hearing about edward snowden , its not like this is anything to do with him, 
  i ca n't wait for junker to get involved in this, 
  to be fair to americans we should let them as a tourist if they pay $ 10 and have to answer a silly form asking whenever they are a nazi jihadist drug addict, 
  they are n't occupied by a foreign force , south ossetia , north cyprus , donesk etc. 
  are occupied by other countries . 
  it reminds me of places like the lithuanian and estonians ssrs , they were seen the same and had exiled governments, 
  sort of but if you recognise south ossetia then why not recognise places like sealand ? 
  juncker is fast becoming the eu 's worst asset, 
  should n't it be `` president '' of `` south ossetia '' since its a country that does n't exist, 
  i plan to vote in but i always find the eu flag ugly and boring, 
   this treaty with ukraine is so important for peace and stability in the eu well its not , ukraine is n't in the eu , is n't in nato etc. 
  the whole ukraine thing just stinks of a cold war ii mentality, 
  so you only like minimum turnouts when it works out for yourside ? 
  i guess it can be seen as the first step towards that however, 
  that title has atrocious grammar . 
  why ~ ~ to ~ ~ you should vote to remain in the eu referendum !, 
  ftfu, 
  the uk one used to have blood in one of the removed verses, 
  david cameron an absurd suggestion for an absurd idea, 
  same thing happened after 7/7 and woolwich in the uk . 
  paris in france ( fn ) why give them the attention they want, 
  the french `` legacy '' railways are worse than ours , they spent all their cash on the lgv lines and the non high speed lines have ancient locos and carriages .
