   it ca n't remain the way it is , or we 're doomed to perpetual crisis and decline at best , and collapse at worst . 
  what makes you think a hypothetical federation would be any better ? 
  a bullshit guardian article is n't evidence . 
  i have always accepted ni or scottish banknotes . 
   scotland 's public universities are free for scottish as well as other eu citizens , but not for those coming from england . 
  yes and next year there is a high court appeal considering this is discriminatory . 
   scottish notes are n't accepted down in england and they will tell you your money is fake never having seen such a thing . 
  they are . 
  try getting a euro accepting in the uk  scottish and english football teams are separate . 
  serbia and montenegro had separate teams when they were in union . 
  ireland has a rugby team that is shared between the ni and the roi , also the uk has only one olympic team  ntegration is not intellectually honest . 
  the anti-eu sentiment results from dissatisfaction due to the current crisis . 
  it does n't steam from a deep well founded ideological stance . 
  actually a lot of sceptics have a problem with `` ever closer union '', 
  i would disagree , the eu is n't unified . 
  germany has its own ideas , france has its own , eastern europe has its own and southern europe is pretty much abandoned, 
  not really , the eu ca n't enter into international treaties on its own , it ca n't have official embassies or have a military etc. 
  i think you are overestimating the commonality of english in europe, 
   ( minus uk of course ) well we would n't want to be in a federation . 
  why do we honestly feel the need to be meddling with other countries, 
   rome proven a united europe is possible and powerful , we will get there again eventually , you have to be blind to think it wo n't . 
  rome fell , as will a reluctant superstate  an eu super state is needed to balance out the china , russia and america . 
  no it is n't . 
  russia will probably implode on its own eventually , china will eventually when the cpc looses influence or succumbs to corruption . 
  i do n't want anything to do with a superstate , i ca n't see the uk wanting to be part of it . 
  considering the eu has no common language , history or anything that prevents other super states from imploding then i do n't think it will happen, 
  well stop charging us and asking us if we are a nazi terrorist whenever we go there, 
  religion is used as a method of economic control however, 
  er hitler was a christian , the japanese empire was also heavily religious to the point of being a virtual cult . 
  we are n't , the immigration argument is overplayed by the pro-eu lobby to make eurosceptism look backwards and racist . 
  to be honest a lot of eurosceptics want closer relations with the likes of india and brazil, 
  immigration , the `` ever closer union '' , eurocrats , merkel , crisis after crisis , ttip, 
  that would end well ... not, 
  it got easier as it went through , like as soon as it mentioned star systems its pretty obvious . 
  yup my hometown of carlisle has led streetlights everywhere . 
  sadly it was supposed to be completed this month but the floods have obviously put a brake on it since the council have far more important things to deal with, 
  i always find the eurofighter 's ascetic is ruined by the apu exhaust right in the middle of the wing root ( hence that black soot stain thats always on them ) it would be awesome to do that in a couple of years when the lightning ii is fully operational , it would make the us not look so advanced i suppose, 
  it was more than scotland it was the whole uk since the firearms act was uk wide, 
  i know the usaf considers lakenheith and middenhall us territory on loan from the uk, 
  they have 3 , out of 40 welsh mps, 
  is that transylvania in romania ? 
  its pretty unlikely , kernow have a single counselor . 
  even plaid have far more than that . 
  london and whole northern 1/2 of england have separatist movements btw even if they are n't going to happen isle of mann is n't part of the uk , its a crown dependency its defacto independent as far as its own affairs goes it just goes under the uk for international relations since the queen is the lord of mann , they are uk citizens but they have different rights compared to uk citizens from the uk ( biggest one is they are n't european citizens ), 
  so are microtrasistors, 
  is it really any of their business ? 
  where is my tardis ? 
  well it would be big for the credibility for juncker et al. 
  , they do n't want to be the first commission to loose a member, 
  they can just seem to defer it as much as they want , they just have to make a `` commitment '' to enter the zone, 
  so an autocracy ? 
  it already is concurrency , currently the eu contains : the sterling , the danish krona , the lev , croat kuna , fronit , zloty , swedsh krona , and a few more, 
  ironically your country has no problem using other countries to launch attacks . 
  pretty much the same as far as tapping http://www.france24.com/en/20140528-france-national-front-policy-eu, 
  hollande is going even more to the right , there does n't seem be much between him and sarkozy anymore . 
  it reminds me of bush 's kneejerk to 9/11 with things like the patriot act etc. 
  the difference is the 911 hijackers had a religio-politico manifesto and were organised by a known terror group . 
  that copilot was seriously mentally ill ( and i mean far more than the depression he previously claimed about ) . 
  i doubt he was acting rationally when he did it . 
  regardless they both occupy the same area of a theoretical hell imo, 
  its the lingua franca however . 
  all the road signs and business is done in french, 
  considering the uk gear is more modern than the russian stuff as well ( the gr4a tornados can deliver paveways and brimstones ), 
   i guess america has somewhat of a cruel solution to this . 
  they have some prison where you are in total isolation all the time . 
  it stops them recruiting and becoming extreme , but its basically a form of torture . 
  actually the echr does n't believe its cruel and unusual , they approved the extradition of a load of uk based islamists to those types of facilities a couple of years back, 
  yes but french is the lingua franca , just like in ireland english is the lingua franca . 
  meh i am not that posh , i sound like a stereotypical northerner . 
  other kids were mini camerons but what can you do, 
  i think a problem is that so many young people move to the uk , canada , oz , us and nz so they have no real need to hold on to irish post leaving cert . 
  i have a relative who can speak scots gaelic and she just holds onto so she can bitch about other people without them realising ( she even admits that herself ), 
  the most ironic thing is in wales , they had a similar system for speaking welsh but today welsh schools ( some do english one week and welsh the other ) do n't seem to care about letting a kid wet himself if he ca n't remember the welsh for can i go to the toilet etc. 
  they do protect their own language , just nobody really speaks it or wants to speak it . 
  alot of countries do n't have their own language , is the us not a country ? 
  is luxembourg not a country ? 
  thats common all over the place , in scotland scots words are used in day-to-day language , where i come from in cumbria old cumbric words are still used in the dialect . 
  english dialects used to be alot more varied until about 100 years ago when communication etc. 
  started to standardise it more around the southern english form, 
  yeah i live in dublin and i very rarely hear irish spoken at all . 
  my other 1/2 did it until leaving cert then forgot most of it , apparently it is poorly taught, 
  i did gcse classics and latin, 
  why is this flaired culture ? 
   churchill retirement living i.e a hedge fund that charges exorbitant rates to gullible oaps, 
  do n't mind him , he 's from barcelona, 
  whose idea was this ? 
  thats blocking an amendment this happens all the time . 
  the uk never vetoed a treaty which is what you post infers, 
  er you are aware a huge chunk of the place is about to declare independence, 
   the eu or in england better known as `` the eurocratic dictatorship '' i have never heard that once , i am assuming you have pulled that out of your rear end . 
   who 's still vetoing most `` closer eu '' votes and treatises , from lisbon to nice ... no wonders why de gaulle did n't want the uk to join . 
  ireland and france, 
  i do n't think its that important , there are more important things to cover in school . 
  we have pshe ( personal , social and health education ) and politics does come up in that , but its only westminster . 
  eu never comes up , nobody pays attention to the eu elections and to be honest the only clue to the eu is shoehorning it on passports and driver 's licenses, 
  stop reading the mail and the express then, 
  did n't the euro predate the schengen ? 
  erdogan 's response to a shootdown turkish f-4 by syria a while back was both emotional and unfitting as well . 
  just saying he is a tad hypocritical like most megalomaniacs, 
  yup and i think its going to happen , the uk public seem to support that due to paris ( despite the history before the 20th century the uk sees france as an ally ) corbyn is looking isolated more and more , even the snp are considering supporting them as well,
