  this is crazy, 
   obviously , because one of ukip 's prime directives is to separate the uk from the eu , they 've no interest in most things the european parliament gets up to . 
  i do n't accept that since they claim expenses and live off eu money for the past 10 years . 
  its not like sinn fein who refuse to even be sworn in, 
  i live in ireland so i voted in the irish eu elections back in may . 
  there does seem to be alot of ignorance in ireland to what meps actually do as well . 
  i remember the ads for that socialist candidate , it had `` stop the water tax '' as its tagline , which is odd because the eu has nothing to do with irish water and i could n't tell any difference between labour , fg and ff their policies were pretty identical from one another with regards to europe . 
  the main problem with ukip is they are fairly crap meps , they never show up and they have this odd policy of voting down anything , even things that would be in the uk interest . 
  e.g farage got onto some fishery sub committee and he could have lobbied to overhaul the eu 's crazy fisheries policy , but it turned out he never turned out to any of the meetings . 
  its almost like they are just meps for the expenses . 
  the lib dems would just block it , they are a minority party they cant put through an act granting a referendum without the lib dem 's backing . 
  they probably did try to get labour mps on side since there are eurosceptic labour mps but i do n't think they had enough otherwise they would have done that , i mean it would make ukip far less influential, 
  i do n't see how they can do that , i ca n't vote in irish referendums ( although being uk i can vote in the dail ), 
  yeah i cant see the belgians liking the idea of loosing a chunk of their capital and since they have spent billions in the eu part of the place then i cant see the eu wanting to meet elsewhere . 
  its even daft things , i do n't understand the point of the strasbourg shuttle it must cost s fortune to truck everyone down there to do the exact same thing they would do in brussels, 
  its easily winnable , all you need is 8 % swing its nothing . 
  most people are ignorant of the eu, 
  i live in dublin so, 
  i have n't been before so how can i go again ? 
  ( yes i understood what you wrote , i have only just started german so thats about my limits ), 
  kosovo has a right to independence , but the serbs who are there are being ignored and almost pushed aside imo . 
  it is their home as well as the ethnic albanians . 
  i think kosovo will be independent but with a potential for an agreement that will respect the rights on the serbians involved with this and ensuring that both countries recognize each other . 
  i suppose , but blair did actually pledge a referendum on the eu constitution which was pratically identical to lisbon so he sort of renegaded on one of his election pledges . 
  one that was incredibly easy to implement, 
  the british government was pretty evil back then . 
  putin has been very close to the orthdoxy in russia . 
  his party 's scapegoating and persecution of lgbt russians was possibly a way to keep them onside, 
  it was due to carlisle 's proximity to one of the main ammunition factories it allowed the state to directly control the opening times so the works ca n't get drunk off their face all the time http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_management_scheme interestingly the redfern is my old local, 
  i said eventually, 
  yeah i meant i do n't like farage 's attempts to politicise pub culture . 
  slightly off topic in my hometown the pubs were nationalised which is more or less the opposite of ukip mentality, 
  yeah i am sorry you have had to put up with that junk . 
  we are n't all like that honest :-) ukip seem to have an obsession with pubs the amount of times i have seen farage drinking a pint with a cig in hand . 
  one thing that could undermine ukip is that uk ex-pats can vote in the last constituency that we were resident in for 15 years , so if ukip become a thing then a lot would vote against them this way , as a load would in a referendum, 
  i know but ukip do n't seem to accept that , the amount of times i have heard `` but norway and switzerland blah blah '' from the eurosceptic crowd as a eu member the uk can influence these laws ( although ukip meps do bugger all so we could have far more influence ) so it sort of defeats the `` foreign laws in the uk '' argument that also gets touted, 
  i go to belfast alot ( since i am a private pilot and i fly from ni ) and a lot of the ulsterbuses and trains all have the eu flag on them since they were funded by eu grants . 
  its the same with coventry where i did my undergrad , the eu helped with the regeneration project there , the city is turning around now , i would love to live there again and i probably will at some point, 
  excellent, 
  i could imagine the same will be felt about the brits in spain and france . 
  even in the baltics there are british ex-pats around , i nearly did a placement in serbia ( not eu yet but will be sooner than later ) and did a google for ex-pat groups in belgrade ( it would be nice to know someone who could show me around the place etc. ), 
  and there were a few compatriots there as well . 
  true , i do want a referendum , i would happily volunteer for the campaign if i were to be home at the time and it would put this issue to bed . 
  i honestly think the uk would significantly vote to remain in , as much as ukip get the news once you work out the turnout and the proportions they only got < 10 % of the eligible vote . 
  the eu side has never really had a chance to make our case , and people have changed their opinions when they realise what the eu has done for the uk . 
  i also think its a generational thing , anecdotally the young people like me are probably far more pro-eu due to things like erasmus etc. 
  than older people , we are slowly becoming more european as a country . 
  ukip are the oldest demographic of any uk party i do n't get why people in the uk sometimes fail to see that we are european , our language is very european ( its a germanic romance hybrid for crying out loud ) culturally we are closer to europe than say the us ( despite a common language ) and a stack load of brits live in europe now . 
  okay i live in ireland but i would happy live somewhere like germany or denmark etc. 
  i suppose , but i think people would want to be consulted at least every so often . 
  i am not a fan of the irish approach of referenda after refereda but i did actually want a uk referendum on lisbon just because its pratically a constitutional change to the uk and people should have had a right . 
  same with the maastricht treaty ; even though i was only 1 , it did make us all european citizens from that day on, 
  oh okay sorry it came out all wierd on my screen, 
   democrazy is that intentional :-), 
  sadly they are . 
  i voted for them in 2010 my first ever vote as a 19 year old undergrad , it backfired big time for me . 
  i went from a voter of them to protesting against them in london with a load of other students, 
  the eu is n't perfect but what is ? 
  democratically its better than westminster since at least its pr so a vote means more , and there is a much wider spectrum of politics in the eu parliament everything from groups like the fn and bnp all the way to anarchist parties i do n't deny it needs reform and people like juncker are holding this reform back, 
  i think the uk will join the eurozone eventually , not in the foreseeable future but it will one day, 
  yup same here , since i am on an eu sponsorship i am starting to learn german from my funding . 
  if it goes alright i can literally move there no questions asked , start working just like a german person with no messy visa rules to jump through . 
  i have been told a 25 year old with potentially a phd in addition to a msc and a beng would be welcomed alot in germany , and apparently its a decent place to be gay as well , i have heard interesting things about frankfurt 's gay scene, 
  so on uk politics where i am active i just get ukip propaganda , i see myself as more european so i prefer this one anyway, 
  yeah i honestly think there has been as much coverage of hoovers as there has been on ukraine this week . 
  i think alot of young people see themselves as more european thanks to thinks like erasmus and marie curie , i am increasingly seeing myself as a european citizen since i am on an eu project and get to travel around the continent as part of my research . 
  what people do n't understand as well is for a huge trading block to work there has to be common laws between the countries . 
  i do n't get this whole stuff about `` foreign laws '' either there have been brits in high level position in the eu , like ashdown . 
  or the farce over juncker , while i do n't like him as he is not really the type of figurehead the eu needs imo he is regardless the candidate of the biggest party in the eu so its mandated ( it ironically reminds me of the dumb snp argument about cameron having no mandate ), 
  the 75 referendum was for the eec not the eu . 
  things have changed alot since then i think people do have a right to have their say on it regardless on my own views on this . 
  are you sure they were ukip ? 
  whatever symbol that was meant to be has n't rendered properly, 
  well yes but the idea that there would be a permanent tory government is unlikely . 
  in 1997 labour dominated english votes for the best part of 10 years . 
  also in the cities of england the eu has a lot of support , most of the anti-eu places are rich rural places in the south i honestly think that the uk would vote to stay in with or without scotland , there was this poll that compared peoples opinions on the eu before and after they were educated about what exactly it does and does not do and the swing in opinion was huge . 
  in the event of a referendum i honestly think the uk would remain in and possibly integrate more with the eu since the question has been answered . 
  the eu has n't had a chance to give its case yet . 
  that is pretty unlikely, 
  wings over scotland is a bit crank , its like a nationalist version of the daily mail they would n't be happy until a scottish vote would be worth more than an english vote ( they actually proposed an idea what each uk country should have the same number of mps , making a welsh vote 20x more than an english vote how democratic ), 
  ireland i would say limerick england has to be birmingham, 
  these are typical russian `` values '' i wish the west would give asylum to lgbt russians, 
  i just find the abruptness of the introduction a bit odd . 
  why did n't they phase it in more ? 
  yes , i hate to sound horrible but a lot of them did n't play by the rules like a genuine asylum seeker would ( i.e not first safe country ) and since very few have id who knows why they are really ? 
  idiot, 
  was n't bin laden saudi ? 
  funny how history repeats itself, 
  so the french think they are arrogant ? 
  to be fair kaliningrad was never part of the russian empire , the ussr wanted access to the baltic , i do n't know how it did n't have an independence movement probably down to the huge amount of military the ussr based there, 
   not exactly . 
  what i 'm saying is that as long as their future membership is in question they should not be allowed to dictate/influence policies what a load of nonsense the uk membership is n't in question . 
  there is no referendum planned . 
  the french front national made big gains in may just like ukip should they be excluded ? 
  you are coming across as an anti uk troll there are alot of people in the uk who would vote to remain in the eu i hate to tell you that , its actually 50/50 despite the media obsession with ukip, 
   are you guaranteed to be here in the near future ? 
  nope . 
  so that could be the same for any eu country , france and holland have a eurosceptic movement . 
  your attitude is just playing into the hands of the likes of ukip, 
   a country that 's on the verge of leaving the eu wants to ask the eu i do n't see any plans for a referendum do you ?
