  as a brit i am wondering for a eu army would have helped the falklanders etc. 
  i could just imagine it , the eu parliament arguing it never ending to the point when it became impossible to retake, 
  those numbers are included , as they are in every nato member, 
  the other problem is that has anyone asked the actual servicemen/women about it ? 
  i can see a load refusing to serve in a military they did n't sign up for, 
  the eurofighter ( and its predecessors the tornado and jag ) was n't anything to do with the eu to be honest . 
  also for the typhoon the uk had the biggest contributor to the design of it , the airframe design was a british invention ( lookup the bae eap ), 
  they are sharing some carriers etc. 
  but its nothing special . 
  the uk has far more cooperation with the us and canada, 
  ireland ... 
  but the uk is in nato and is all the other major eu militaries . 
  the fact is if your own kids are risking their lives i doubt they would trust the slow to reach decisions eu over a smaller national parliament, 
  but this is just what we have nato, 
  yeah , i am pleased though the 2015 mustang is on sale over here now , its been my childhood desire to have one and well its actually practical since you can get the duratech engine ( turbocharged , slightly bigger version of the st 's engine , but decent emissions , tax and insurance and still enough juice to kick the tail out on a track day and rhd ) and it will be supported by main dealers . 
  i would love a v8 but petrol prices and tax kinda make it a bit daft in the uk ( its the same tax as a lamborghini murcelargo and ferrari f455 ), 
   banged up abroad what has some random drug smuggler who got caught got to do with ford ? 
  sadly not ... 
  i think it was starting to go against regulations, 
  the new one is fairly modernised , it actually has independent rear suspension, 
  good news, 
  in ireland there are a lot of japanese cars , same goes for the uk . 
  i remember in the past decade people would import japanese spec cars since they were cheaper and better speced , but then failed to get parts for them, 
  thats in the past , they own bugatti and lamborghini, 
  korea cars are becoming popular though with taxi 's , probably due to the unlimited milage warranty, 
  yeah , although ford is streamlining its operation . 
  the new latest focus and mondeo are now based on the north american cars for instance , same goes for the next fiesta ; they are offering the mustang in europe as well ( including a europe friendly version in addition to the v8 so i am actually considering one as my next car ) fun fact though , the gt40 was developed in the uk as was the shelby cobra, 
  squirrels and my pet guinea pig ? 
  oh god its the car they had on top gear that had a hole in the foot well for ice fishing, 
  ford have been top sellers in the uk for years and years now . 
  its kinda amusing that we are the only ones buying american ( although i accept that eu fords until recently have been different from the us ones ), 
  ironically skoda are actually good cars now though . 
  before volkswagen took them on , they were the butt of jokes in the uk , i remember my grandad saying when i was thinking of buying one that `` what do you call a skoda with twin exhausts ? 
  a - a wheelbarrow ... '', 
  not surprising , the ford focus and mondeo have been top selling in the uk for a while now . 
  i am surprised at ireland though , hyundai keep on claiming to be the leading brand on their tv ads over here, 
  thats definitely an impartial opinion / s, 
  the last time i flew the g1000 the terrain database got corrupted so it put red everywhere including the sea ... sign from satan ? 
  i am sure its possible , but the problem with most auto land systems is that they need an ils or mls to work ( i know there are now rnav systems that have auto land but they are rare ) . 
  so i wonder if that could be the limit . 
  even predator drones are manually landed by the operator like a giant rc plane, 
  it does n't look like 61 kph https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=__p-a5rj8ae i have landed a bulldog in 30knts cross wind no problem , its not that strong . 
  the danger with this 777 was the gusts and shear, 
  i still have no idea why latvia joined this year, 
  i would prefer to win the lottery but its not going to happen ( well it could but negligible chance ), 
  meh juncker is too worried about greece and possibly the uk . 
  he does n't want to be the first pec to loose a member state, 
  join the eurozone ? 
  yes , in 3957, 
  i did get to fly ba 's 737-400 simulator at heathrow during my msc and my supervisor decided to mess with me and blew up an engine , so i got to slip that and it was interesting , the plane did n't like it . . 
  it would be interesting , the boeing 's fbw are n't as restrictive as the airbus ' so i wonder if its possible, 
  maybe it was one of the sauds, 
   what about no visibility and windy conditions ? 
  in this case , i suppose aircrafts ca n't land at all . 
  yeah heathrow once had gale force winds and thick fog , caused chaos , planes diverted to dublin and manchester , cancellations everywhere, 
  well when the buran landed they had favourable conditions , i would imagine it would be like the shuttle and they only retroburned when the weather was safe . 
  it will have some autostablization since 777s have fly-by-wire but it will be limited by weather conditions, 
  i always find the q400 a bit of an oddball , its a much smaller design ( look up the dash 8 -100 ) that was been extended over and over again . 
  its apparently a pig to land as well , as soon as the power is cut off the plane will drop like a brick , getting a decent landing on one is a challenge even on good days . 
  i know , i was being a bit armchair by saying that i wonder if they should have given up at the first attempt ( according to the taf 's the weather was n't going to let up ), 
  we have had similar problems at birmingham as well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7p9oang32f0, 
  if you look closely he has got opposite rudder on as well . 
  can you even slip a 777 ? 
  ( i know the gimni glider was a 767 but thats much less sophisticated ) i do it in my 172 but thats a 172 . 
  and the flight computers . 
  they will be helping keep the plane stable faster than the pilot can ( while the pilot is directing the plane 's path etc. 
  the computers will be compensating automatically ), 
  so when i go flying in my cessna 172 i am guided by god ? 
  the boeing 777 's fly by wire system , avionics , ils system and the pilot 's skill, 
  to be fair he was a bit unstable below the dh . 
  i would imagine klm will have downloaded the quick access recorder ( mini black box that airlines use to monitor safety and performance ) just to see how affected the approach was, 
  long haul jets do have a lot of contingency fuel ( i assume this was arriving from the far east since its klm asia ) , london , paris etc. 
  would be a possible diversion for them, 
  schipol has the advantage of massive runways . 
  a 737-800 with no flaps will be having a vref of around 170 since i assume with the fuel this was light . 
  for an idea thats only 20knts less than concorde 's landing speed . 
  i would imagine that plane had an engineering inspection to check the undercarriage , tyres and brakes etc. 
  since they are n't designed to be flown like that except in exceptional circumstances . 
  but the sceptic in me makes me wonder whenever the pilots should have diverted to brussels right after the first attempt , its a bit thin on safety margins ( although foresight is a wonderful thing ), 
  i am actually surprised they did n't go around on that one ( pilot here ) , they were n't stable through the decision height ( 200ft usually ) . 
  just my 2c, 
  not really , metric is used for the majority of measurements , just some legacy ones like beer and milk its still used for . 
  for a while they were considering metricising the roads , but they looked at ireland 's experience and there was no real safety benefit compared to the cost of replacing signage etc. 
  yeah its not like we have legitimate reasons for not joining, 
  you know hunting a lion is pretty cowardly , they are n't scared of humans . 
  you see photos of safaris where the lions are just lying around completely apathetic to the land rovers around them etc. 
  such a shame , lions are beautiful animals edit :  cecil was shot at night , no doubt after being blinded with a spotlight , undoubtedly over a bait which would have been dragged along the parks boundary yup cowards, 
  i think there are politics at play , the b has alot of uk sourced gear on it , the fly by wire and the lift fans and part of the fuselarge are made in the uk , i would imagine that would be a factor in it, 
  they have their advantages, 
  yes but the `` special relatioship '' only refers to the political one . 
  we are as close with canada and australia but nobody ever calls that a special relationship, 
  land based the eurofighter is faster and longer ranged than the rafale , it just didnt work as a carrier design . 
  if it was n't the f35 the raf would have gone for the fa-18 , they have little interest in dassults , never have to be honest . 
  to be fair the navalised eurofighter is crap , when it was offered to india they laughed, 
  aka `` special relationship '' ... 
  it only exists when the us government wants it to, 
  they were almost identical, 
  * christian, 
  well its a magazine, 
  yeah , it was in the flight international,
