  such a referendum would happen after the eu has had a chance to make its own case in the uk which has n't happen ( nick clegg debating farage does n't count ) i mean scotland and london are on 50 % , well within the sampling error, 
  i doubt that to be honest considering there is an element in the yes crowd that is also against eu membership . 
  did the parts of scotland that had a majority for yes break away ? 
  also i would imagine the islands and costal areas would vote against the eu the fishery mismanagement has gone against the fishermen alot in scotland i also find the attempts in scotland to stop an eu referendum down right hypocritical . 
  from what i have heard yes, 
  i am english living in ireland , i travelled with my friend niamh , in the us they called for her at the gate , the attempted pronunciation was amusing, 
  in englad we are not all right wing eurosceptics . 
  take me i am a federalist left winger, 
  in englad we are not all right wing eurosceptics . 
  take me i am a federalist left winger, 
  aww i think we should crowdfund them or something , make them feel wanted for once . 
  i mean eurovision is hilarious, 
  mine would be canada some of their parties are associate members of european parties , they have links to both the uk and france and politics wise they are fairly close to europe, 
  it makes us look lazy, 
  did you know in 1957 france and the uk considered unifying ? 
  not at once like over a month etc. 
  they actually do pretty much . 
  i am actually in support of this ukip idea of giving the overseas territories a seat in the commons . 
  i mean they are british citizens , they have the right to reside in the uk if they want . 
  the falklanders and gibraltars are also eu citizens since those territories opted into the eu framework on overseas territories . 
  ( falklands did it so spain would have to see it as part of the uk giving argentina no eu ally ), 
  true , the uk view is right to self determine just like scotland had the right to vote the other day . 
  the falklands , gibraltar , bermuda all have had recent votes on sovereignty ( falklands was just to stick a finger up at argentina ) all passed in the 90 % s so the uk continues to support them as british citizens . 
  fair enough . 
  i think people will come around eventually . 
  the eu parliament needs reform which i think will happen then the skeptics will die off, 
  yeah the uk one is yef, 
  so it does n't mean that the people in gibraltar do n't have a right to self determine, 
  lol . 
  i wonder what the reaction to a federal europe would be here in ireland `` hey shinners , you are now technically the same country as england again '' :-) ), 
  very little i am afraid , i ca n't see a big country recognising it in fear of pissing off spain . 
  say us brits recognized it ( uk wide there is support for the catalans and the basque afaik ) but then spain decided to blockade gibraltar again in revenge or something like that making british citizens suffer for a government dispute . 
  it would be a mess . 
  i hope not . 
  afaik there is n't a catalan version of eta and the spanish government wo n't want to be seen as violent aggressors, 
  but they wo n't have the chance to negotiate with spain like scotland would have if that referendum was successful . 
  if spain does n't recognize it and say france doesnt recognize it then they have no chance of getting in the eu or anything, 
  well if enough people want it to be then yes . 
  scotland would have if the vote went that way . 
  i do n't get why spain is denying a load of people who do n't want to be spanish anymore the chance at having a vote . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of them wanting it , its not like sealand or one person declaring a microstate there has to be a reasonable limit . 
  the fact they do n't want to be spanish and not being allowed a chance is almost like the government thinks they know best and sort of own the catalans in a way, 
  you should watch lizard lick towing that would confuse you . 
  in the uk they have to pub subtitles on it, 
  they do have simple english though , although as a native speaker i find it incredibly hard to write in simple english . 
  i do n't know if that will happen , the african union is a bit of a lame duck and the arab union does nothing, 
  young european federalists, 
  holy, 
  yup , one of tatu came out and said she hates gay men but lesbians are ok, 
  does n't that happen in alot of african countries , they have the tribal languages which are protected and encouraged in addition to the official language, 
  i would imagine the eu would need a sizable military like what we have for that to work , plus we would need to remain a nuclear power as a deterrence ( ukraine gave up her nukes and look at what happened ) but i suppose no iraq type wars etc. 
  would be nice . 
  i would love to serve in that kind of military . 
  i do n't think russia would ever want to join the eu , they are too obsessed with having influence by force , putin wants a ussr back . 
  i support ukrainian entry into the eu . 
  i see myself as a european first as well as english but i do n't know how may people see it the same way . 
  i suppose , but then again what about the last world cup , brazil is a huge country with thousands of km between venues and it worked, 
  that is cool looks like a mini b2 spirit ( i am a pilot and have a degree in aero eng so i love these types of things ) i did not know that existed though , good for bae . 
  its a bit odd though i mean we all work together on aerospace in eads so i do n't understand why the drones are different . 
   has it ? 
  this is hard to know . 
  there are some views that scotland leaving would have turned the ruk inward looking and less confident for a generation - and therefore less likely to vote for change . 
  scotland voting for the union is a vote of confidence in the uk as an entity . 
  too early to tell but i doubt it  do they ? 
  ukip just won the eu elections ... 
  the conservatives wanta referendum and might campaign to leave . 
  the media will be divided on the question ( unlike the media were with scotland ) . 
  and we know what currency we will have . 
  again the eu has n't had a chance to give its side of the argument , all we have are a load of 1/2 truths and hot air from farrage . 
  they are just a protest vote really  you can see the uk adopting the euro ? 
  really ? 
  not for a few years but once the economies stabilize then yes i can . 
  i also see the uk joining schengen once the crisis dies down, 
  well it works for the champions league, 
  i like the idea of having it across the eu , i hope it works for them i love the euros, 
  that would work wonders for their economy would n't it . 
  what is this north korea ? 
  we have mq9 reapers brought from the us i do n't think we built them, 
  not really its only a few of the eu countries . 
  the uk did n't sign it and they have a sizable drone operation, 
  i agree , but what i said is a side effect that can be used positively . 
  i also do n't understand . 
  in the short term scotland remaining in the union has made a brexit less likely , and since people appear to be easily swung on the eu ( bbc educated some eurosceptics on the street about brussels , nearly all changed their opinion , ukip get all the coverage ) and in the event of a referendum then i could see it passing and the uk finally integrating fully with the eu aims . 
  i am from the far north of england , there is actually a lot of discord at london here , we feel left out by them to the point where there is growing separatism , people are warming to the idea for devolution for us . 
  full independence i would probably support it if i am honest . 
  someone has a sense of humor . 
  i actually grabbed a bottle for the novelty of it ( it was like $ 6 ) , got bored and made a v&rb its actually decent vodka if i am honest . 
  so i drank it all like the idiotic student i am, 
  scotland was far more straight forward though , the uk government for all its faults did respect the democratic mandate of the scots . 
  the same ca n't be said for spain . 
  if they vote yes then it should be respected under the universal principle of right to self determination , spain needs to grow up . 
  if they didnt waste all their money on ghost airports , motorways to nowhere etc. 
  then they would n't be having this problem with catalan . 
  yup 90 % in favour of the uk sovereignty pretty powerful to be honest . 
  even though i ca n't stand ukip i think they should consider their policy of giving gibraltar status as a uk country like ews is . 
  the locals would probably support that they also dont care about morocco with the spanish enclaves there either, 
  i am thinking of joining the yef, 
  yeah , i am a recent convert to this idea but i would like to see it . 
  why english just out of interest ? 
  i am learning german and french so i am varied enough as it is,
