  bsl has official recognition . 
  the government can and does provide interpreters for any government service in bsl if requested . 
  i have worked with some students in italy and if italian is n't your first language you have to pass an exam ( more of less fluent ) before you can get your degree there . 
  i nearly went to paris on erasmus since i had learnt french in school since i was 5 and i am able to read and write it fine , its just my aural skills lapsed slightly due to not using it , but i would pick it up again fairly easily, 
  there are a lot who ca n't . 
  i remember this polish guy in my undergrad course who lived here since he was 8 and was incapable of following an engineering lecture . 
   because those people are uk citizens wifes and husbands not random immigrants . 
  what kind of country refuses to let their citizens spouses in ? 
  the us , canada etc. 
  all need a type of visa to bring in a spouse and these can be rejected and have been . 
   funny because english is not even an official language in england . 
  so this rule would only apply to immigrants but not people born there ? 
  its defacto official since its literally spoken by 99 % of the population . 
  there is no point in making it official . 
  the only part of the uk with an official language is wales with welsh but that is defacto bilingual for official business but is only mainly spoken in certain parts . 
  england did once have norman french as an official language a long time ago . 
  its slightly more complicated than that in the uk . 
  there are statuses of uk citizenship that are n't eu citizens , places like the channel islands , isle of man and bermuda which are uk dependencies so they are uk citizens but these dependencies are n't in the eu . 
  i think the only uk overseas territories that are in the eu are gibraltar ( obvious reasons ) and the falkland islands ( political reasons , if the eu recognises them as uk territory it makes it impossible for argentina to lobby eu states on it ) the same goes for denmark with the faroe islands , they are danish citizens but not eu citizens . 
  i think greenland may be the same, 
  awww, 
  well you know something is wrong when terrorists are calling a terrorist attack barbaric, 
  imo kid 's do n't have a religion , they are just forced to accept whatever ( or lack of ) their parents believe . 
  a lot of the so called preachers do radicalise groups in different countries . 
  especially when the uk bans them from entering they will do it remotely from whatever country they are in . 
  well the eu was n't the target , france was the target . 
  the terrorists claimed it was retribution for hollande 's policies . 
  they never once mentioned the eu , juncker etc. 
  not really , london is the main target for uk terrorism , madrid the same for spain etc. 
  that does n't make sense since its a vague direction as the crow flies . 
  if it was symbolic then surely they would pray on the route of transport or something ? 
  technically since the earth is spherical either direction would point to mecca . 
  the koran thinks the earth is flat ( its in there ), 
   muslims refuse to accept european society there seems to be an influential proportion who hold such views, 
  give me some chocolate then we can talk, 
  the irish flag is more orange but the flag is meant to represent the unionists ( red/orange ) , republicans ( green ) and peace in the middle ( white ), 
  who is she anyway ? 
  i do n't know . 
  the bnp got their support from poor northern cities and places like dagenham, 
  a country that is occupying a eu country , violently cracks down on minorities , islamist president who is becoming a dictator should never be in the eu the majority of the place is n't even in europe, 
  is n't the german military severely cut back ? 
  i do n't mean to be blase but if there is a nato response the uk and france will be the dominant eu nations, 
  then quit nato, 
  is n't the far right fairly influencial in france with the likes of fn ? 
  not exactly , it also can be invoked against insurgent , terrorist and other groups . 
  the us invoked it after 9/11 against the taliban , which like isis is an unrecognised government, 
   article 5 yeah i think its going to happen , there have been rumours . 
  its france 's right as a nato member, 
  he has to look strong in the face of this . 
  sarkcozy and lepenn are ahead of him in the polls . 
  his language is justified imo , this was a brutal calculated attack on french citizens in their own capital city . 
  isis are killing far too many innocent people , first those russians on that airliner last week and now this . 
  isis have de facto declared war on the west and russia, 
  hollande did a press conference outside a government building . 
  the uk has n't issued a formal war deceleration since the deceleration issued to imperial japan in 1941 . 
  it does n't prevent a country from taking military action , you dont have to recognise isis to attack them, 
  i guess but the us invoked it on afghanistan post 9/11 and nobody recognised the taliban government there since the entente cordiale ; france has become one of our closest allies , we owe it to them to help then in any way we can in the face of this monstrosity, 
  this isnt warfare , its cowardness, 
  in the west i assume ? 
  the us did it after 9/11 . 
  nato is a defense treaty , if a member is attacked all of nato retaliates, 
  these lot hardly count as human, 
  this how innocent people get shot by police . 
  this is several magnitudes worse than charlie hebdo was , this is possibly the worst islamist attack on the west since 9/11, 
  there was a thing on uk radio saying that france may consider invoking the nato charter if it is in fact isis . 
  fuck i saw placebo there a few years back . 
  god this is barbaric, 
  did n't hollande ban all road travel in certain parts ? 
  yes , they work monday , tuesday . 
  off on wednesday , thurs - sat morning . 
  some private schools in england run on sat morning as well ( mine did ), 
  i had a relative caught up on it . 
  the city completely ground to a halt ( i remember they had signs saying `` avoid london , turn on radio '' all over the m25 ) but yes it was chaos , it took nearly a week for transport links to return to some semblance of normality, 
  well its a city university , people generally hang out in bars etc. 
  not the campus as such, 
  there is , but at 11pm on a friday night the place will be quiet, 
  same reason why 7/7 , 9/11 , madrid etc. 
  got missed , they operate in small cells . 
  they have ways of avoiding suspicion . 
  maybe to stop them fleeing ? 
  they may be open in the morning . 
  you 'll have to check then ~ ~ edit - hollande has said he is planning on closing the borders , looks like there will be no way in to france for the time being . 
  also officially in a state of emergency . 
  looks doubtful you 'll get there tomorrow ~ ~ edit they are keeping orly and cdg open as is gare du nord ( eurostar and thalys ) so you should be okay to be honest . 
  i guess they want to minimise the economic impact of this, 
  check with the airline , both airports in paris are closed for now . 
  entire city is in lockdown, 
  yeah i never considered that since i ca n't stand dance music, 
  yes eagles of death metal or edm, 
  they wo n't be given information , and there are generally blackout agreements they abide by, 
  shit there is a hostage situation at a edm gig i have seen egm this is seriously freaking me out , christ, 
  this looks awful , like the worst since 7/7 to happen in europe . 
  the eu needs to stop expanding for the near future until it sorts out alot of its problems, 
  and you do n't think they have other motives they are not letting on about ? 
  no i was just pointing out the irony of your comment . 
  the eu by principle discriminates based on country of origin, 
  its not discrimination based on country of origin its where the kid lives . 
  if the said child lived in the uk then they would get the same as any other . 
  anyway the eu inherently discriminates based on country of origin . 
  only eu nationals have freedom of movement , outside the eu they need to visa to live here .
