  more disagreed than agreed in romania , hungary , latvia etc. 
  well from what i heard they scrubbed the referendum due to it most likely failing, 
   44 % of respondents support the future development of the european union as a federation of nation states , 35 % are opposed . 
  the nordic countries were the most negative of a united europe in this study . 
  73 % of the nordics opposed the idea . 
  a large majority of the people for whom the eu conjures up a positive image support the further development of the eu into a federation of nation states ( 56 % versus 27 % ) wrong, 
  regardless the majority of icelanders do n't want to join the eu maybe putting sources would make people believe you https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/icelandic_european_union_membership_referendum, 
  it is becoming more common due to arabisation thanks to saudi, 
  yeah like many people will feel safe travelling to that region . 
  yeah i go to both brussels and paris alot , this is n't going to change that at all . 
  otherwise the terrorists have won in a way, 
  i ca n't see palestine existing in a few years , the west bank will be annexed to israel ( the settled parts despite the condemnation ) and the arab parts and gaza will probably be governed by jordan under a un mandate or something . 
  i would call the police , golf is the most boring thing on the planet, 
  the eu flag is everywhere as it is . 
  its currently on my car number plates , my driving license , front of the passport ( not the flag but european union is ) etc. 
  the difference is the mall flies them the right way up , most flegs up north are upside down at least from my experience in driving around the place, 
  its up to them , there are no regulations on it, 
  some universities and others have it , and embassies outside of the eu do fly it as well . 
  there is n't any requirement from the eu to fly the thing . 
  actually not eu wide , the nordic countries and eastern europe dose n't want that either, 
  yeah , apart from golf which bores me in itself , nobody cares about a `` team europe '', 
  it is a bit of an ugly dull flag . 
  it does n't mean anything , i mean 12 what ? 
  they rejected a referendum, 
  did the turks follow standard interception procedures ( i.e fly on front of the jet slightly higher and to the left ? ), 
  the fact is these warnings could be easily be seen as aimed at another aircraft ( i doubt there is just one jet in the area ), 
  darwin award, 
  well you are occupying 1/2 another eu country and its debatable if turkey is even in europe, 
  actually it was engaged well outside of turkish airspace , it violated it for a few seconds at most most likely by error to be honest . 
  it was an incredibly heavy handed response, 
   investment flat they have . 
  well they can feck off , people like them are responsible for the prices of london so i have not one iota of sympathy for them, 
  as much as i respect the springboks i was somewhat horrified about an attempt to stop them competing over racial makeup of the team , i though sa had moved past that type of thing . 
  no but it will be by the time the f35s are declared operational, 
  does anyone even want that ? 
  in the eu at least if you retire to another eu country you take your pension with you . 
  these retirees in france and spain take uk pensions not the french/spanish ones, 
  the commonwealth is n't a political union like the eu is . 
  honestly its just a talking shop and a half-assed olympics, 
  south africa has n't really been seem as `` commonwealth '' since apartheid to be honest . 
  they are commonwealth realms not commonwealth countries , the uk , canada and oz etc. 
  share a common head of state with us so we are closer in that respect . 
  i know jamaica is also one and there was a poll last year where it claims they preferred it as a uk dependency to how it is now . 
  but to be honest we have enough homophobic biblical literalism as it is over here, 
  hardly anyone in the uk cares about those ones . 
  there are n't that many low skilled jobs in oz to be honest . 
  that mine and possibly my other half 's long term goal . 
  there are jobs in my field in the uk ( safety and human factors engineering ) but honestly the pay is better and the current state of the uk is depressing me to be honest . 
  my dad who was a senior railway engineer got poached by australian railways and nearly took them up on it . 
  he now regrets it a lot . 
  `` white commonwealth '' yes to an extent , usa nope sorry sick of them taking us for granted, 
  so what about jacuzzis and steam rooms etc. 
  they ca n't be `` energy efficient '', 
  yes its in sea trials and fitting . 
  anyway the f35 can be used from land if the carriers are n't ready yet, 
  to be fair russia is always threatening to cut off gas to places, 
  well he is in command of the largest nuclear stockpile on earth and the second largest airforce and navy, 
  yes mr corbyn, 
  they have a tiny army , but the military is n't capable of defending the place in the event of an invasion . 
  say serbia ( hypothetically ) decided to invade montenegro its tiny army would be completely unable to defend the place . 
  they are completely dependent on nato for their defence, 
  he has a point , erogen is a borderline dictator and is killing kurds , occupying part of another country etc. 
  but nobody in nato seems to care, 
  where have you been for the past century ? 
  montenegro has only been independent for a few years mind luxembourg has been convient to nato in that they can base their e-3c 's which are shared between nato countries ( except the uk , us and france since they have their own although they do crew them ) without appearing to be owned by a specific country but still need a country of registry, 
  it reminds me of meet the family when greg says `` its not like i have a bomb '' on a plane, 
  maybe a peer reviewed source ? 
  the mail i would imagine, 
  the uk is n't a tax haven . 
  ireland and a load of eastern eu countries are n't in the schengen , denmark , sweden and poland are n't in the eurozone, 
  its schrodingers credit rating, 
  they are probably worried about russian attempts to influence things there . 
  considering that montenegro has no military then probably . 
  i mean luxembourg has no military but thats in nato so de ja vu, 
  they do n't need to have a private education , or they could sell up and move out of london, 
  rejecting american english, 
  i still think the eu needs to stop enlarging for the foreseeable future . 
   x-post in the scotland subreddit . 
  that explains it, 
  we have hungarians in uk gaol 's so i guess we could agree a deal or something, 
  one of his known irish accomplishes is known in dublin as taliban terry which amuses me . 
  ( idiot got himself jailed for threatening to assassinate obama a couple of years back ), 
  what is with these downright crazy white converts ? 
  brooks is known to be linked to anjem `` andy '' choudhry 's band of morons so its not that surprising . 
  it seems choudhry is constantly being liked to terror attacks , he is liked to this pair , the two thugs who butchered lee rigby etc. 
  to be fair the irish military is pretty good at peacekeeping . 
  its pretty much all they do since they are officially neutral and pacifist, 
  sounds like the catering snuck it in . 
  considering the bomb appeared to detonate in the rear of the cabin which is where the galley would be . 
  i think they want to manipulate the eu into letting them in . 
  i think this is exactly why they should n't be allowed into the eu . 
  erogen is quickly becoming a dictator, 
  yeah i get them mixed up a lot . 
  dyspraxia is a pain in the arse sorry, 
  it is an official language in northern ireland . 
  scots is a dialect of english spoken in the lowlands and northern ireland . 
  i can speak scots since my grandparents from scotland speak it . 
  it has some downright amusing terms , like cludgie for toilet . 
  scots gaelic is a completely different language , spoken in a few remote parts ( like 1 % of the population ) its similar to irish but the pronunciation is completely different ( such as my name ewan in scots gaelic is spelt the same as owen in irish but they are anglicised different due to the phonetical differences ) . 
  i have some relatives who speak it , they come from the hebrides which is its heartland .
