  filton in england was also considered ( it had built the uk concordes and is on the severn ) but land to expand was a big limitation . 
  hamburg is fairly recent , again it was just for logistical reasons ( again a canal , a big empty airport etc. ), 
  i am a big fan of airbus , the european countries on their own could n't compete with the likes of boeing and mcdonnell douglas ( they had some limited success with the british bac1-11 and bae146 and the french caravelle ) but these were niche short haul designs ( until recently the 146 had no real competition for stol jetliners ) to compete with boeing and their 767 's etc. 
  they needed a lot more investment and capital . 
  its not a germany company , its a european company . 
  they are registered under the eu not germany . 
  i have a close friend who is a uk truck driver ( big famous company beginning with a s ) , anyway whenever they go to the continent they spent ages checking all their locks , bolts , tie downs etc. 
  before they go anywhere near calais . 
  if they pick up illegals then they get a huge fine for it . 
  its not hard for a cabbie to ask for a passport of something , as someone who is considering becoming an airline pilot i would n't want people on the plane who i do n't know if they are legit or not . 
   is a taxi driver who brings people illegally over the border one ? 
  technically yes, 
  it has production facilities in the uk , spain , germany , italy , france and now china and the us ( they now build a32xs for the north american market in alabama ) . 
  its always been international since the airbus ' grandfather was the concorde which was the first time two countries cooperated to develop an airliner together ( amusingly the uk and france , and what a great thing they made , shame the yanks killed it before it got off the ground ), 
  its french-german-spanish-british-italian its a societas europaea which means it is n't owned by any 1 european country , its mostly owned by shareholders so its not technically anything other than a european company, 
  it does n't really change much for romanians , they can still travel and live anywhere in the eu , they just need their passport which is n't much of an issue since you need one for flights and stuff . 
  as someone living in ireland who travels around europe a lot its not much of a difference going from schengen to non-schengen especially considering dublin has automatic passport barriers for eu biometric passports , and in frankfurt and places the eu passport control is always like 2 mins to get through, 
  she did defend herself in a way though , she kept writing and blogging despite them , for a kid she is incredibly brave . 
  i mean the taliban decided to try and murder a 15 year old girl for crying out loud , how can she possibly defend herself against that ? 
  it has n't been a good week for germany , they lost their euro qualifier to ireland and now this ... 
  girls access to education has improved , the commonwealth and the un got involved with it in the tribal areas due to her blogging etc. 
  it was obviously political , and considering it was announced right before the trouble with russia its a bit well ironic, 
  slightly less since she was chancellor for more than 2 weeks when obama was nominated, 
  she did a lot of girls rights in pakistan despite constant death threats ( do n't forget she is a teenager ) . 
  well to be fair they did deserve it , despite the beech massacre tunisia is doing better than other arab spring countries , at least it seems to be moving somewhat forward . 
  at least the recent prizes are deserved with these lot and malala yousafzai.better then than the eu getting one and obama for winning an election, 
  actually considering from what i have heard about some homophobic arguments from people ( mostly christians and muslims ) is that its one of the reasons why the great classical civilisations collapsed ( i.e greece and rome ) . 
  they believe that it was the sexual liberalism of the romans and greeks ( legalised brothels , same sex concubines etc. ), 
  that caused disasters so no doubt he would approve of vesuvius as one of his god 's instruments of wrath . 
  mine is bigger, 
  should have gone the whole way and covered it in a niquab . 
  seriously why do we have to cover up bits of culture and history to suit people like this . 
  whats next michalengo 's david ? 
  pixilating davinci 's anatomy drawings ? 
  relevant since a lot of people were expecting merkel to get it, 
  buffalo are bovine as well . 
  indians are cow racist, 
  despite being related to a current news story that is affecting europe ? 
  not really since it predates the eu by 70 years, 
  same goes for pizza and french food etc. 
  my personal favourite is that restaurante pizza advert in the uk , it tries to look authentic italian until the end when it goes `` by dr. uteker '' which sounds very german, 
  we have plenty of chickens in the uk, 
  cypriots along with the maltese and irish are the only eu citizens who can vote in the referendum ( commonwealth + ireland act ) the uk does being a lot of money into cyprus through the base and also through tourism . 
  also if i recall the uk was one of the countries in support for cypriot eu entry despite cyprus not technically being in europe, 
  it is significant since any country can veto it, 
  also spain would certainly veto it to stop catalonia and basque from getting ideas, 
  there is no confidence in the euro thanks to it , nobody in the uk trust the ecb and others due to their previous negligence . 
  if there was a fiscal union from the go , then the uk would have probably joined at least 10 years ago when brown was doing his `` tests '', 
  no but it could drag onto 2017 , especially with comrade putin also bombing the heck out of the place, 
  yes but the demographics are very different , most of the uk expats are retired people who do n't work while the ones in the uk are far younger so they put more pressure on jobs , social security etc. 
   so now every nation where you cant just walk in is `` draconian '' nice to know i was just saying that any visa policy from the eu would be responded tit for tat, 
  he has to do it by 2017 by his own law . 
  part of that is due to the continent . 
  especially after wwii after degaulle told the uk to take a hike, 
   your cars ( vauxhall is a subsidy of german brand opel , if it needs to be reminded and half of their car pieces are made in france ) actually both are part of gm which is american . 
  the only reason vauxhall still exists is due to copyright reasons in the uk ( i.e opel is trademarked by someone else )  your food ( over half of what you eat comes directly from the continent , mainly from france , spain , italy ) we eat a lot of indian food and chinese food as well . 
   if the uk does n't want to be in the eu then why should anyone care about its opinion on eu matters ? 
  the uk is still in the eu for the time being , the referendum has n't happened last time i checked . 
  you do realise that the uk is one of the main contributors to the peacekeeping force in your country 's buffer zone and was one of the main forces pushing for the un resolution denying north cyprus recognition ? 
   if the rest of the eu wants integration except they do n't , a federation is a minority idea, 
  it has been within the error margin for a lot of it however . 
  its more or less 50/50 . 
  honestly i think he in lobby will screw it up, 
  its not like other eu countries had empires . . oh wait france held on to its empire ( like algeria ) for longer than the uk did, 
  the uk has actually been for a fiscal union , the lack of it was one of the main reasons why the uk did n't join the euro in the first place . 
  a lot of the eurocrats do n't seem to realise that a lot of the euroceptism is not `` little england '' but in fact of their own making, 
  the tariffs will backfire if they import them since the eu would suffer due to the import/export deficit in the uk ( uk imports far more than it sells ) and the visa stuff would be risky , if the eu countries go draconian on visas then i would imagine that a lot would suddenly loose the right to reside in the uk, 
   the british referendum is a big part of the problem . 
  other countries have had referendums that were n't what the eu wanted . 
  look at the doomed constitution or the irish rejection if lisbon, 
  yes a country ca n't be forced out of the eu by other members . 
  good for them, 
  the uk has traditionally been us aligned for the past 80 years its nothing new, 
  you say that but it did n't really go down in the recession, 
  what about saudi , qatar and the uae ? 
  http://news.sky.com/story/1524949/faith-school-bans-pupils-from-meeting-outsiders do we really want this crap over here ? 
  not really , despite the claims from some scotland is n't much different from the uk wide , the differences are within the error margin . 
  will holande even be president when the referendum comes around ? 
  if its such a great deal then surely releasing the drafts would change opinion ? 
  ttip is heavily bias towards us multinationals . 
  all of the benefits seem heavily onesided and the ones they claim are n't that much of anything . 
  i mean look at fiat 's emergence back into the us , the only real difference between the eu 500s and the us 500s is a couple of orange corner lights and a different ecu mapping ( the us one produces more power and i have actually remapped mine the same ) its not the hurdle they are claiming it to be to be honest . 
  the whole thing is transparent as muck and people are sick of it , why is it behind closed doors , why did wikileaks put a reward out for the first person to leak it ? 
  no but advocating capital punishment for it is, 
  they wanted all the war debts from the uk repaid however, 
  everytime i have flown air france they have lost my luggage at cdg so maybe if the airline was more competent i would sympathise more, 
  yes but the whole idea is that its meant to be a universal language , its no where near anything of the sort . 
  hungary has nearly 10 million people living there , its a tiny number in comparison , its not taught in schools , business does n't use it ( english is the defacto language of international trade ) , the government does n't use it . 
  my parents can speak some french , so can i it does n't make me french, 
  and that has happened ? 
  so iceland has its own culture supporting it , same goes for irish or welsh these survive due to that . 
  esperanto is just artificial in a way edit - typo, 
  a joke, 
  people keep on bring it back and yet nobody really speaks it . 
  probably because a language is part of a cultural identity and esperanto has no cultural identity behind it, 
  a load of their flegs are upside down, 
  please they are nationalist scum, 
  a lot of their followers were brought, 
  not really , the golden dawn won some seats , bf have no chance of even getting a single seat in anything, 
  they are convenient fools , they have a snowballs chance in hell of getting a seat in even a council .
