  apart from light arms i do n't see what else he would useful for . 
  the dutch do n't use the american gear like hummers and what not . 
  most of their gear is german and british, 
  as someone who was an officer cadet in the uaf in the uk i had a uk raf id and what not and you could n't get through the front gates without armed guards checking it ( depending on the bikini state ) . 
  anything sensitive like the flight lines for the typhoons and what not were no go unescorted . 
  all i could go unescorted was the air squadron i was attached to , the flight lines for the grobs , the mess and naffi , the low levels stores and the light arms range with permission to go shooting . 
  there was this other cadet who accidentally got lost and wondered onto a higher level without realising , it was like 2 mins until the rmp picked her up ( she did n't get in trouble though , she was new and got lost ( and was n't the first to be fair ) ), 
  depends , i do n't know about rnaf ranks but i would imagine a sergeant would be a junior nco so he is n't that high ranking . 
  its not like he is a senior officer, 
  the muslims in the us are n't as conservative as the ones in europe i am afraid, 
  what is `` real '' islam anyway ? 
  the sunnis , shites etc. 
  would claim their own sects are `` real '', 
  yeah , its aiding and abetting the enemy, 
  well that would be treason, 
  i am his lover, 
  go to bradford and luton and you will find there is a lot of difference ... its not uncommon to meet a royal in the uk either , i have met prince harry a few years ago btw . 
  i am still left wing , i am just sick of the guardian . 
  its constantly pedalling corbyn circle jerks, 
  it can be , sometimes its decent sometimes it like a left wing mail . 
  the comment if free bit is a bit of a cess pit, 
   this would undermine the foreign policy of the us , uk , france etc incredibly if they started to support assad . 
  well its not surprising the west 's recent foreign policy has been a complete omnishambles  it also puts them at odds with countries like qatar , uae and the saudi 's , as you mentioned these countries are no better then assad in some respects but they are considered allies and have large amounts of that black liquid that the world just loves . 
  at least for the time being , when things like carbon capture take off ( letting you make diesel and kerosine from air ) the price will collapse thankfully . 
  the saudis are actually partially responsible for the likes of isis by peddling their whabii bullshit everywhere, 
   ttip is not even finished yet ... why are you making judgements about an unfinished product ? 
  this is just more guess work synonymous with your comment about junckers `` aura '' . 
  from what has been leaked and rumoured i do n't like it . 
  i honestly hope someone leaks the full thing  he 's not though , merkel is the defacto leader of the eu and the single most powerful politician within it . 
  thats even worse , nobody outside of germany voted for her so why is she allowed that influence ? 
  its an interesting counter argument that makes the ec look even weaker !, 
   the eu is incredibly complicated which puts most voters off of voting or going anywhere near eu politics . 
  hence why i believe it needs reform , and juncker has shown no intent on that one . 
   that makes no logical sense . 
  if parliament actually cared about the citizens then they would n't have so much trouble maintaining the turnout, 
   he research examined the differences in recruitment timelines across 16 industries and 11 regions of the uk . 
  it was revealed that on average , 49 % of all uk job vacancies remain unfilled after 30 days , and 27 % after 3 months , indicating that businesses that fail to recruit for positions successfully within the first month face a 56 % chance that their vacancy will remain open for 3 months or more . 
  it is n't clear about its sample size and 16 industries is hardly exhaustive , from what the article mentions it seems to be referring to industries that are skilled and these lot wo n't have the skills to fill them i am afraid . 
  also its a website for a recruitment agency so it likely to be bias, 
  the only way is to help assad , he was a dictator but he kept the country stabilised . 
  its not pretty but he is hardly worse than the sauds and what not . 
  also take out the head of the isis snake , like baghdadi and what not . 
   it 's also a pretty wonderful country , in general ... heh are you sure you mean england ? 
  these include zero hour contracts and what not . 
  so they are probably not paying enough to live off . 
  also most jobs in the uk are advertised for longer than a month so i question the usefulness of those stats . 
  there is also the point there the majority of these economic migrants are unskilled and there are n't many unskilled jobs around anymore . 
  maybe you should avoid getting your news from the guardian, 
  these depend whenever the uk would be in the efta, 
   that could of course be overcome by the uk being in the eea or efta , or some kind of specific bilateral agreement . 
  which is pretty likely to happen, 
  i got to college in ireland , there are n't many free spaces so i doubt they will get much more in the way of students since there are n't too many universities in ireland, 
  just wondering how much the us is taking in ? 
  also what about the arabic countries that are arming the insurgents there and are more involved with anti isis action ? 
  how many has jordan taken in ? 
  is georgia even in europe ? 
  at least in the university where i am there is n't much in the way of free space in courses, 
  corbyn will change that ( at least he threatens to ), 
  well the leader of the opposition , the snp and the scottish government are against, 
  i do n't trust the ec with an army let alone nukes, 
  ukraine would still have been screwed if they had nukes , they had the underlying racial tension ever since the country got independence . 
  well it makes russia feel more threatened, 
   what are you talking about specifically ? 
  these vague arguments like `` juncker bad because he bad at doing things '' is not particularly helpful to anyone . 
  what specifically is he doing or not doing that you think is bad ? 
   also , why are you not blaming the european council ( the most powerful institution in the eu ) and the european parliament too ? 
  the parliament has no power to be honest , they just rubber-stamp whatever the commission comes up with . 
  personally it should be the other way . 
  i do n't like the epps christian democratic style of politics , these right wing politics are too in the interests in big business ( like ttip ) . 
   that had nothing to do with juncker ... juncker was just a mediator between debtor countries ( germany , finland , ireland , portugal , spain etc. 
  etc. ), 
  and greece . 
  yes and he did a crap job as mediator  ireland said no to the treaty once , then secured a number of concessions and after that they said yes ... what is hard to understand about that ? 
  the concessions were incredibly minor , it was pretty clear they were n't going to change  they dont represent the whole of europe , the european parliament represents the whole of europe . 
  oh come on juncker is the de facto head of the eu , he is always there at the g8 and what not . 
  the ep does n't represent the eu since only a minority actually voted for them . 
  if the parliament was so great then the turnout to elections would n't have been in constant decline . 
   okay , but that 's just how democracy works . 
  not everyone gets who they voted for . 
  i do n't see why you have such an issue with me have a problem with a political party that i loath, 
  i do n't see what they could have done , by ve day the red army would have completely outnumbered the western allies . 
  not exactly , the yalta conference was only meant to be immediate post war but stalin decided to renegade on his promises . 
  the uk and us nearly chose to eliminate the ussr with operation unthinkable but it was n't going to work, 
  the uk does n't have the resources or political will, 
  nope . 
   why would you think juncker has any responsibility to `` deal with the crises in the us '' ? 
   what `` crises in the us '' ? 
  and why would juncker meddle in the us 's internal affairs ? 
  it was a typo due to writing on my phone , if you look i changed it some time ago . 
   so back to this `` aura '' thing where you basically guess if he is corrupt or not ... well more i do n't trust him or the epp in general , since i voted in 2014 and ( since i live in ireland ) gave fg second from bottom on my stv ranking ( only lower were sinn fein ) i feel entitled to criticise a government that i did n't vote for . 
  its not just juncker the epp has been around during the big boom years , were involved with setting up the euro and allowed countries like greece into the currency , the way they treated greece is disgusting after their collapse as is the way they treat countries like ireland who said no to their treaties . 
  also i do n't want an ex head of a tiny country whose main export is tax avoidance which more companies that people representing the whole of europe . 
  does the uk even care about ukraine ? 
  sometimes i wish we would quit nato and just them sort it out themselves , why do we have to get involved in someone else 's problem again ? 
  it was n't our fault the ussr annexed 1/2 of europe and that russia wants it back again, 
  funny i actually know a belgum couple who refuse to learn english, 
  the uk and others did n't cause the arab spring or assad to go around and start a civil war, 
  not anymore , ireland has a huge housing crisis in the major cities, 
  yes lets provoke russia even more . 
  is the fact that he is head of a bunch of neo-liberals ( epp ) and he is beyond useless in dealing with crises in the eu .
