  which is what a hypothetical hypothetical eu superstate would operate as . 
  look at all the stalemates in the us , this would happen all the time in a superstate since the eu is so polarised . 
  you would have the western states not wanting to bailout eastern states , massive east west divide . 
  it would be a disaster, 
  thats a bit of a simplification . 
  some eu countries are neutral ( ireland for example ) , the uk , france and the dutch can operate without the us fairly well . 
  the us has a much stronger national identity than a hypothetical use would so all this `` the us uses xxx maybe we should '' would never work . 
  airbus is n't a state owned company so they would n't want to move away from the skills , and the eu would n't want to give state aid to an eastern company ( its against their own rules , its what killed cyprus airways ), 
  well said, 
  did n't belgium spend 2 years without a functioning government, 
  its not going to happen, 
  kazakhstan is n't europe though . 
  shame, 
  yeah . 
  well thats how i should be , i went on holiday to italy every summer so i would have wanted to do italian , sadly my school only had spanish and french , both countries i have n't been to much in comparison ( france 2x spain 0 ) so i did n't have any interest in learning either language to be blunt . 
  this . 
  i hate to bring politics into it , but russian is the last language i would want to speak . 
  why would i want to learn a language of a country that hates who i am ( i am gay ) . 
  its the same with arabic, 
  its not that its difficult its more the problem with people not seeing the need to do it . 
  fact is , your average british person is going to need french or german far more than they will need russian . 
  if i remember seeing the stats there were more gcse students in latin and cantonese than russian . 
  the problem with language teaching is that its done very badly . 
  nobody wants to learn a language for the sake of learning a language yet that is how schools do it . 
  i sucked at spanish because i never went there on holiday and i still have n't actually been to a spanish speaking country in my life so i saw it as a waste of time . 
  with russian , there is n't a lot of chance of many people going there for holidays ( its not really a tourist hotspot at the moment and its a pain to get visas for ) so its not going to be taken up by many people , schools are n't going to recruit teachers who speak it or anything since they ca n't justify it to their funding bodies . 
  the thing is , russia has always been seen as an enemy of the uk that nobody wants to learn russian, 
  the problem is alot of roma people do n't want to integrate , you ca n't force them, 
  i think this is about to happen https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f2l4344n_48, 
  sadly brietbart uk would be seen as a uk site since its run from london with a load of ex-telegraph and spectator writers, 
  its a problem , i remember until the 90s some `` irish americans '' were happy to fund the ira and stuff . 
  it could destroy confidence in the currency though, 
  he has a point , though i ca n't see the euro surviving long term is a country pulls out or is forced out . 
  have a source ? 
  but regardless the language still comes from here , its part of our culture far more than other countries . 
  why else do you think we refuse to accept american spellings ? 
  this http://www.uglycars.co.uk/images/cars/large/600-morgan_aero8-300.jpg, 
  are n't they serbian though since they were built until relatively recently in serbia ? 
  interesting he does n't seem to care about the content dying going on in the building of qatar 's monstrosity, 
  the last use of nuclear weapons was 70 years ago but yet people still say we need the things . 
  actually i would imagine that the balkans was the last proper air battle, 
  the b 's fly-by-wire system is british and is based on the vaac harrier bae developed with qinetiq the early warning system and the helmet system is also bae, 
  the leopard 2 is considerably older than the challenger 2 . 
  well the dutch operates from carlisle england at least once a year on exercises in the uk so i do n't see how this is newsworthy, 
  serbian food is awesome unless you are veggie, 
  the think with mtbs is the uk will always build the challenger ii , fact is its one of , if not the best in the world the uk wo n't want to loose that to another country and wo n't be interested in any other mbt . 
  its cheaper to build it yourself and then sell it to other countries . 
   the adv became obsolute for the british , while the ecr was still needed in germany and italy . 
  i fail the see why this means the adv was a failure . 
  the ecr is still used by the uk , the adv was n't a very good interceptor . 
  the tornado was designed to be a ground attack aircraft not an interceptor , it was an afterthought . 
   they do n't have a replacement for an f-22 , let alone a f-35 . 
  while the planes we do have a more expensive a piece , even than an f-35 . 
  that will be 20-30 years down the line . 
  probably by that point uavs will be the thing . 
   the eu itself has little more to offer at this point how exactly ? 
  the eu ca n't manage a single currency let alone a foreign policy . 
  juncker 's recent performance with russia brings back memories of blair and iraq, 
  you mean air kills ? 
  over ukraine between a captured rebel plane and a ukrainian mig, 
   they 'll see their actual combat service outside the respective countries . 
  besides , the us can do it too . 
  it 's also cheaper for all involved . 
  so there is no point standardising it then . 
   the adv served for 25 years , which seems like a fine period . 
  as did the tornado , both were the result of cold war cooperation . 
  the point is , there is no need for a european fighter when people seem to want to source them elsewhere . 
   we are n't interested in european planes , because they are n't advanced enough and they 're extremely expensive . 
  i do n't know , airbus seem to manage to be competitive . 
  well the non-military stuff anyway  it can always be improved , besides , we have no idea if nato would work together , we 've never actually fought a real war . 
  we have more idea that nato will work compared to the eu, 
  i 'll miss the tornado , its replacing the raf 's as well, 
  its not just italy , the uk 's stovl versions are bing partially built in the uk as well, 
  meh the french seem to like selling their planes to dictators and the like . . 
  the mirage is pretty infamous for that :-), 
  some us products however are the best . 
  the f-35 runs rings around the eurofighter and i could imagine the raf and others finding it hard to justify keeping the eurofighter long term with the f-35 proving a success . 
  the a400m is overpriced and really should have been scrapped to be honest . 
  existing gear such as the c-17 and c-130j do its job as well and for cheaper south korea is different , they have us gear so they can integrate well if the dprk kicks off , its understandable for the americans to point that out . 
  those recent operations were all ground attack , the rafale is n't that competitive in air to air from what i have heard . 
  the problem with this is a lot of this ca n't be standardised . 
  mbts are appropriate for the country they live in , the uk 's is suited to the uk 's terrain , spanish to the spanish terrain etc. 
   develop one standard combat airplane the eurofighter project proved that countries needs are different . 
  same with the tornado , the attempt at having an interceptor and ground attack versions did n't work hence why the adv is scrapped already while the ecr is still in front line service . 
  what about the a400m that was a complete farce , overrun after overrun etc. 
   that way we could design the armed forces as such that it can easily fght together if needed , and fight just as well on its own . 
  they do fight together fine if needed , nato operations have proven that . 
  at least nato works i could imagine the eu dilly dallying around all the time . 
  this seems similar to the australian approach . 
  also is migrant the correct term for this ? 
  yup . 
  i ca n't see it happening , all the aforementioned countries would probably veto it . 
  the rafale only exists because france fell out with the eurofighter programme, 
  the avionics are british on the f-35 , the b stovl version 's lift fan system is developed by rolls royce in the uk as well, 
  ireland , denmark , sweden would also avoid such a thing, 
  i do n't think it will be happening anytime soon, 
  its been done, 
  this airport is bizarre . . 
  they have [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/castell\u00f3n\u2013costa_azahar_airport#/media/file:el_hombre_avi\u00f3n.jpg ) outside of it ... wtf, 
  that was ciudad real,
