  also it was due to the fact that he is probably corrupt considering what was going on when he was head of luxembourg , either that or he is woefully incompetent . 
  i am not a eurosceptic but i think that juncker et al. 
  are awful, 
  the snp probably would, 
  the eec was more of a trading block however, 
   as a now unemployed recent home buyer i 'd love to do something about immigration , but there 's no way i 'll vote away eu human rights and privacy laws while theresa may and the tories are in government . 
  the european convention of human rights is n't anything to do with the eu, 
  actually it probably allowed the tories to have a majority since farrage and reckless failed to win their ukip seats, 
  it was on their manifesto , why is giving people a choice to end this constant bickering cowardice ? 
  scotland and wales are n't much different from england , there is only about 10 % in it, 
  not that hard , although you will not be able to get any state support ( even in the current status ) until you have lived in an eu country for a certain period of time, 
  thats democracy, 
  there are legit arguments referring to things like the cap and cfp which are increasingly controversial in the uk, 
  you are in a pretty small minority just saying . 
  may i ask why ? 
  the us was n't really great to the uk during the falklands , they acted bizarre at first and even considered helping the argies, 
  i did think the uk could have ended up as a sort of state to the us if we struggled to recover from wwii the way we did . 
  the problem is with us-uk relations at the moment is the emergence of people like corbyn who is very isolationist ( wants to leave nato , eurosceptic etc. ), 
  and who is likely to be the next opposition leader . 
  although it may be interesting if boris johnson becomes pm after cameron since he is a dual national and has us citizenship as well, 
   also you can be economic migrant and refugee at the same time , its hardly surprising . 
  thats an oxymoron, 
  you mean greece and spain whose problems are more or less self inflicted ? 
  germany and the uk seem to be grand, 
   f -35 - think some have been ordered to be fair the uk spent billions already on the jsf project before 2010 they were committed by that point to get any return on investment . 
  a lot of prism was the previous government as well to be honest . 
  compared to blair cameron is pretty cool to the us as well, 
  no worries, 
  i do n't think ttip is really going to bring many benefits to the eu , its more of benefit to the us if we are honest . 
  the us economy is n't exactly healthy is it ? 
  also i ca n't see someone like trump keeping ttip either , it probably wo n't survive a republican president, 
  what do you mean ? 
  public opinion is against ttip . . eu depends on a referendum ; people are asking what exactly does the uk get from the eu and is it enough to justify the outlay . 
  the economy is doing ok , we do n't need much from the eu not compared to greece and what not . 
  i do n't see how that is a bad thing to be honest , the uk is a contributor and has been since the eu was founded in 94 . 
  ca n't a country veto an eu treaty ( which is what would be needed for their `` army '' ), 
  oh its confusing since it has an approved english acronym ( since english is an eu language ) and your post was in english, 
  i do n't see why this is really an issue . 
  the eu does n't need the us manipulating it for their gain , we certainly do n't want ttip anymore . 
  the uk has been distancing itself from the us for the past 5-10 years , we are sick of the `` special relationship '', 
  that will be a lot of countries , the only ones supporting it will be germany and a couple of baltic countries who ca n't be bothered to pay for their own . . 
  france does n't want it either , neither does neutral ireland . 
  they can just veto anything, 
   they can fuck off , i want my massive eu army . 
  why ? 
   similar legal system not so much anymore , they are both common law but thats the only real similarity left, 
  no we would n't , there were a few discussion of the uk and us becoming even closer post wwii but they never happened . 
  we do n't want to be part of an american federalisation or a european federalisation . 
  whats wrong with not wanting to be part of a federation ? 
  generally a country leaving an alliance can make others question the alliance , it could in theory destabilise the eu . 
  the amount of budget for the eu would decrease and it will loose about 60 million eu citizens which will affect the union 's influence . 
  since the uk has been frequently calling for rationality from some of the commission 's plans there will be less debate about some of their ideas . 
  if the eu irritates the uk too much by implementing unfair trade duty or whatever on the uk it could effect germany if bmw and what not sell less cars to the british . 
  ca n't tell if this is a troll, 
  sigh typo due to phone  definitely, 
   how stupid do you have to be to think that the eu does n't want to be questioned ? 
  well juncker have this aura around them that seems to make them think they are infallible . 
  i have no idea how that corrupt technocrat is still there . 
  what about ireland ? 
  they rejected an eu treaty ? 
  or hungary , denmark , greece , norway ( who want nothing to do with it ), 
  they did that in the elections with no2eu but that obviously did n't work, 
  its not tory led , it has tories leading it but it is n't officially anything to do with the tory party, 
   as a citizen of ue united emirates ? 
  the ec has a lot of influence however, 
  i would imagine federalisation if it ever happens would need a referendum for probably every member state . 
  the uk definitely will demand it also integration seems to be stalling , there are questions being asked about the future for schengen, 
  to be fair neither iraq , afghan , syria and libya had a democratically elected leader until after the interventions there, 
   it does n't . 
  but there 's only really 2 , maybe 3 groups of any kind of note . 
  aaa , sinn fein , national labour , socialist party , irish socialist party ( different ) , \u00e9ir\u00edgi , communist party of ireland , republican socialist party , socialist workers party , people before profit  a sit down protest in front of a car that had the deputy prime minister inside it and now they 're going to be charged with a criminal offence with her kids in the car who were terrified  the best way to fund it would be through progressive taxation , and once again people will protest that, 
  islam is a pretty right wing ideology anyway, 
  i am tiring of these protests , firstly why does ireland need so many different left wing groups ? 
  secondly the reason why these lot got arrested was related to their harassment of ministers , they crossed the line and were starting to go after their families and what not . 
  also if they get rid of water charges how else are they meant to raise funds ? 
  churchill did n't sign munich it was chamberlin who signed the document , also got duped by hitler with `` peace in our time '', 
  yes , i do n't think it would look good for russia to have ironically started its own `` great patriotic war '', 
  did n't russia actually invade poland when stalin and hitler were best buddies ? 
  no offense ireland but you continued to vote epp aligned fg , if they loose out then merkel will have a lot less influence over there . 
  not really its still knowingly breaking the law, 
  yes but he was an extreme orthodox jew . 
  thats probably a chinese or a pakistani copy, 
  is n't it illegal to be a nazi in germany ? 
  there is n't such a thing as aryan ... 
  it was a hijacked term that used to be used for a type of indian ethnicity, 
  i was more saying that its a problem with extreme religion in general . 
  its not really comparable considering that there are many times more muslims in the world than practising jews . 
  in the us in some states people own an ak completely legally , and from what i have heard they are dirt cheap legit . 
  extremist jews are as bad as islamists though , look at what happened during the pride in jerusalem , and in london a bunch of orthodox jews tried to ban women from walking on a certain side of the road and tried to make their school expel kids who 's mothers drove . . 
  cleaning services will be automated . 
  you already have things like the roomba , eventually there will be automated mops , dusters etc. 
  we get enough immigration from the eu to fill these jobs anyway, 
  apparently you can just find them in a park, 
  the uk abolished birthright 23 years ago after it was being abused ( women would lie about not being pregnant , have a kid and then demand the right to stay ), 
  technically countries like belarus and serbia need a visa to visit the uk, 
   this people can be an important work force to revitalize europe \u00b4 s economy and also most of this people came from countries like pakistan pakistan is n't comparable to syria , we have enough skilled immigration from there , with automation we simply wo n't need unskilled jobs in any great quantity . 
   so there \u00b4 s also an history linking countries like britain and this refugees . 
  most of these country 's problems happened post independence, 
  so a drug dealer who is `` working for their family '' should get off the hook ? 
  you do know most illegals are single men ?
