  not really news, 
  why exactly ? 
  where are you getting these random criteria for a capital city from ? 
  it is just making a hypothetical federation look even more artificial and forced than it should be, 
  maybe to you . 
  its why i hate the term left and right wing , its so relative . 
  i identify as a socialist and i believe that labour is no longer a socialist party and is too tory lite now, 
  maybe by 2015 standards , but they are right of the greens and the socialists . 
  i have n't seen the snp try to nationalise everything ( labour used to nationalise the pubs in carlisle ) heck i was once involved in the socialist students and they rejected the snp since nationalism in all its forms is in their opinion incompatible with socialism . 
  labour 's recent campaign was n't left wing at all , its why they lost votes to the greens and well they did n't offer anything different to the tories, 
  depends on what you declare as right wing . 
  labour have some right wing ish policies , in fact the uk does n't have a proper left party anymore . 
  even the snp are centralist, 
  is n't the ever closer union in the lisbon treaty though ? 
  cameron is n't threatening to leave , he has pledged a referendum and actually supports the eu . 
  crying out loud i do n't like him but the amount of scaremongering going on in here is absurd . 
  i honesty think the biggest threat that will loose the referendum will come from europe and not westminster, 
  pretty much, 
  he has formed his government, 
  until they get found out and then fined thousands ( well thats the uk ) and then gets their license stipped, 
  well london is the only alpha + + city in europe ( only new york has the same classification ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/global_city#alpha.2b.2b, 
  since when has a country 's capital ever been in the center ? 
  i know brazil and burma have tried it but both cities are n't exactly thriving metropolises, 
  why is london doing so awful considering all the money thrown into there, 
  sadly in some parts sports and politics are entwined look at the old firm for example, 
  i actually like serbia but year the sports fans make the english hooligans look like a garden party, 
  so they are being a tad hypocritical, 
  problem is a lot of muslims see democracy as an affront to islam as they have this notion that only `` allah '' can create law etc. 
  i mean look at how successful iraqi and afghan democracy has been, 
  the big worry with any russian excursion into estonia is that estonia as a nato member could technically invoke the charter and therefore every nato member country could retaliate in their behalf . 
  this could in theory cause wwiii to kick off . 
  i wonder how the serbians would take someone unveiling a kosovo flag at a basketball game, 
  its that attitude that has caused greece to tank, 
  i do n't read the daily mail . 
  but merkel has far too much influence over the ec . 
  she is one of only 28 leaders, 
  i do n't know , whatever the ec comes up with, 
  i was simply pointing out thats in an assumption . 
  the uk may not be in the eu market by that point , they may have chosen to join a rival trading block or something . 
  or the eu free market may not exist by that point . 
  they want an opt-out at any further integration, 
  is n't that how it seems to run ? 
  i mean merkel for instance seems to get her way with the eu, 
  apparently http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:eastern_orthodox_saints, 
   problem is , you already do . 
  most of eastern europe is distinctly conservative and croatians wanted to ban gay marriage by constitution . 
  thanks to russia . 
  interestingly the only so called states to ban all homosexuality are the pro-russia ukrainian rebels . 
  russia wo n't be allowed in the eu , its not going to happen , latvia , estonia etc. 
  do n't want anything to do with them anymore . 
  lol north korea attended, 
  how ? 
  only a minority part of russia is even in europe i do n't want freedom of movement with a homophobic , violent , trigger happy backwater that has no respect for international borders or human rights the uk is more likely to be part of the us than this ever happening, 
  i know a lot of lgb people who ca n't stand the eurovision . 
  the idea that its a gay event is a bit well false . 
  if someone can afford to spend $ 9,000 on an obviously fake visa then could n't they afford actual safe travel to a stable country ? 
  but but i successfully kicked ukip out of kent, 
  why those three ? 
  i thought that denmark was in the schengen, 
  well finland could also opt out the uk is n't going to be the only opt out and this idea is going to be killed off probably, 
  its a bit far off . 
  i mean if the uk quits the eu then i would imagine these stats will be out of whack . 
  heck there may not be an eu in 45 years times as far as we know , anything could happen, 
  well i hope so19 smash the doors down of these clowns, 
  the problem with this is that it is n't a sparc at all so there will be next to no code written for it and secondly it has x86 emulation which is so dodgy that its the reason why microsoft blocks x86 code running on arm windows rt devices since they are so slow and useless, 
  you mean just like how the snp died ? 
  how ? 
  er not exactly, 
  true but i was referring wwii era societies, 
  * turing, 
  so are you saying that we should n't have a referendum ? 
  should the scots have been denied theirs as well ? 
  i mean the snp got a majority and one of their manifesto pledges was an independence referendum , just like the tories have a majority and one of their pledges was a eu referendum ? 
  well thats not the uk 's fault is it ? 
  i mean ukip are a 4th party . 
  it would be like the uk taking le penn as representative of france, 
  no , but at least 3 years of prison is better than dying in a gulag, 
   you don \u00b4 t even have a constitution we do  bytheway , will you be exiting un ? 
  i doubt you actually understand why i am asking that , but lets give it a shot . 
  not exactly, 
  so its a referendum , you know if you do n't want the referendum you can vote against it, 
  did n't they find a load of oil in essex ? 
  you do realise that cameron actually wants to stay in the eu ? 
  yes but not for political prisoners ( well not officially ), 
  pretty much, 
  i suppose , as a gay guy probably both are as bad as each other, 
  just for context the only europen country to have capital punishment is belarus . 
  belarus , the country with a dictator who wishes that the ussr still exists , work camps , mass conscription , cult of personality the works, 
  they will get a very nasty letter and a fine i would imagine . 
  like when france deported a load of terrorists behind the eu 's back, 
  just out of interest did they force feed her ? 
  my other half has the same view about it . 
  he says they learn it to leaving cert but never speak it after that since its so badly taught just to pass the exams, 
  english - native french - i used to be nearly fluent , but since i have n't been to france for ages its slipped a bit . 
  i can still read and write french though spanish - awful , had to do it in school and since i have never actually been to spain i have never had the reason to use it latin - i can read and write . 
  oral vaguely but who speaks latin, 
  is this a corvette ? 
  well you can hardly claim the uk of being some anti-immigrant hell hole ?? 
  its nice to see in western europe at least asylum seekers do have compassion . 
  although its yougov so it could be complete nonsense considering their opinion polling .
