  i guess they have a reputation for being vicious so you can say `` ooh look i killed a vicious baboon '', 
  this is n't really sport though , there is no skill to this its just shooting animals for the sake of it . 
  it no different to slaughtering a cow for beef or fishing . 
  at least a wild animal has had a decent lift before getting shot so its arguably more ethical, 
  thats more lion hunters , lions do n't fear humans in safari they just trot around completely oblivious to the land rovers etc. 
  so they are there for the picking . 
  that dentist who shot cecil got someone to track the thing and then they dazzled the poor thing with spotlights ( it was pitch black ) so it had no chance, 
  urgh i hate trophy hunting . 
  okay i have hunted in the uk but that is shooting down a pheasant that we later cooked up anyway , so i see that type of hunting no worse than say fishing etc. 
  but trophy hunting is just killing an animal for vanity , a pheasant is n't some endangered beast either, 
  sadly the uk government cooperates with uaf, 
  i went through the commie phase when i was younger , kinda realise that none of it is practical in the real world or with any basic understanding of psychology, 
  i do find it ironic since the ddr was incredibly ant-immigration and migration . 
  also considering the ddr had mandatory conscription it was pretty easy to force recruit someone, 
  its not really comparable to denazification , i mean die linke is the 3rd largest party in germany and is the successor to the sed . 
  i ca n't see someone being allowed to form a nasdp party, 
  was n't like a 1/3 of the ddr population some form of stasi informant ? 
  cause no trouble, 
  i have to say that photo with a very scared looking iman in-between the pair is hilarious . . 
  so its their experiment if it goes tits up then its not the uk 's problem . 
  yes but i drink chocolate milk . 
  it does n't make me sick or anything i just hate the taste, 
  nope since i like cheese and other dairy products , just raw milk to drink is horrid . 
  i drink chocolate milk though, 
  nah i just hate milk ... once my parents actually got called because i refused to drink the stuff, 
  over like 60 years to disarment , that would probably be reversed by a successive government, 
  yes but assume the queen has 10 years left ( not crazy considering her mother ) charles will be a short king and william is very popular . 
  i think people will ride out charles to be honest . 
  yeah , even the majority of the snp have left republicanism , as are a chunk of plaid cymru, 
  ewwwww i had milk in my primary school in the 90s and it was revolting, 
  is there even such a thing as profitable coal mines anymore , the days of coal fired power is coming to an end, 
   ( because all taxes go to spain government and then spread to different regions ) out of interest would you advocate remaining out of the eu based on that logic ? 
  about 40 or something . 
  its kinda opposing to the view of the eu that wants a superstate, 
  battle of ebro, 
  the irish-uk separation was amicable in the end , the uk and ireland signed free trade , free movement agreements , currency agreements ( until the uk quit the eerm the punt and sterling were pegged etc. ), 
  and uk and irish citizens have more or less equal rights in each other countries ( including being able to vote in parliament if they live there ) . 
  i ca n't honestly see madrid being amicable to this, 
  well yes its a fundamental change , for a state to join the eu they have to apply , have treaties ratified etc. 
  and accepted by the other 28 states . 
  any state could veto their admission its a huge if . 
  its not even known who many states will recognise a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  they will also have to negotiate a load of treaties with other states as well , they wo n't be under stuff like the ttip , any free trade policies negotiated by spain wo n't apply to them, 
  maybe more harry potter, 
  it was n't the easter rising , connolly etc. 
  were initially seen widely as terrorists and had little popular support . 
  it was more the martyring them did it . 
  if the uk worked with the likes of parnell instead of treating them like idiots then ireland would possibly be still part of the uk today . 
  spain is treating catalonia like idiots at the moment, 
   spain did n't treat catalonia anywhere near as bad as england treated ireland . 
  debatable, 
  americans speak english but neither the brits or the americans see them as american . 
  it would just hit investor confidence , spain 's economy is in a far worse state than the uk 's in the run up to the election and there were fears of a ftse crash if they voted yes even with the referendum and the warning of it, 
  i would imagine a lot of lfp clubs would like to see barcelona no longer in it , it would be boring though since real & seville would just dominate it, 
  monaco does n't have its own national team and is n't in uefa etc. 
  gibraltar , san marino etc. 
  have a national team since they have their own uefa membership, 
  that brings an interesting point , would catalan have to apply to uefa and fifa and would catalan players no longer have the right to play for spain ? 
  it never came up in scotland because their football team is shite and nobody really cares about the spl outside of scotland, 
  barcelona would suffer outside of the eu , all the banks and what not would run off . 
  even if its only for a few years then they would take a risk approach and probably move to madrid or somewhere, 
   what fundamentally changes to make them ineligible for eu membership after independence ? 
  they are a new state, 
  assuming a country does n't veto it ( spain ), 
  as someone who has studied scottish history at school ( my town 6 miles from the border has changed hands between england and scotland multiple times throughout history ) braveheart is as historically accurate as knights tale, 
  lol its surrounded by nato waters , you would n't get anything in or out, 
  its not , its also nothing like the catalan problem, 
  i know , but they should get support internationally to pressure spain to grant them one, 
  they need to do it with a referendum etc. 
  the threats of a unilateral declaration will scare off investors and what not from barcelona, 
  i was in tarrogona a few weeks ago and there were plenty of catalan speakers around, 
  looks like castle crag and borrowdale, 
  the problem is that merkel has somehow managed to take over the running of the eu, 
  we do n't want the lake district filled with housing etc. 
  send it to putin and charge him for the postage, 
   given that islam is europe 's future nope , islam is a small minority religion compared to christianity and non-religion , in the uk they are about 5 %, 
  so they can continue to persecute the shias, 
  but most modern mass produced vaccines use cloned animal cells to produce the industrial quantities, 
  meh they turned against their country by joining isis , they deserve what they get the little shites, 
  you lost me at marxist.com, 
  what an anti-science position . 
  if it was n't for cloning technology then there would be no vaccines and other biotech products, 
  shocking taste in football teams, 
  they are becoming more economic migrants compared to asylum seekers, 
  reminds me of the train track stunt last week , obviously wants a good tv shot, 
  there were rumours of terrorists tweeting with geotags enabled, 
  my heart bleeds, 
  only in a few parts they control . 
  since their `` passports '' and what not are n't accepted anywhere they are n't really a country . 
  the only non-un `` country '' that seems to function as a country would be taiwan ( i.e republic of china ) but that always existed it just lost most of its territory in the maoist civil war , but taiwan is an exception due to it being protected somewhat by the uk , us , japan and others, 
  generally a majority of countries . 
  look at kosovo they are recognised by a lot of western countries but they do n't have a un seat ( which is the defacto standard for a true country ), 
  it does sort of govern in some of their captured areas , but it has no international regulation , so it only ticks a couple of the boxes for a country, 
  its a bit surprising , i know some countries will make you give up other citizenship in order to serve in their military, 
  the dutch have some decent gear , i would n't mess with their f-16s . 
  they are the newer version than the one used by the usaf, 
  i used to work at an airport in england that was right next to one of the raf 's ew ranges , they allow other nato countries to use it , the dutch do a yearly deployment there , it was pretty cool to see a couple of their f16s parked up there . 
  the pilots were awesome and once let me sit in it . . 
  i probably know as much as a jnco who all we could know could just be working in stores or even a cook, 
  also the rnaf operates f-16s not migs,
