  the problem is that in europe most of the air freight comes on mainline passenger flights in the hold, 
  the problem with the `` massive runway '' is that it is the middle of nowhere , i wonder if it would be any cheaper just to use existing airports in europe ? 
  women not being allowed to drive cars , have to go around in personal tents escorted by `` a male guardian '' , death for being gay leaving their form of islam , no freedom of religion , no opposing political parties , imposing their form of islam on other muslims though the whabai movement ... 
  seems pretty fascist the sauds actually turned islamism into their main tool to keep power after the mecca bombing , why else did they appoint themselves as `` guardians of the holy mosques '', 
  yes but the british and belgain royal families do n't impose a near fascist theocracy on their citizens, 
  is n't there a saudi royal in prison in the uk for murdering someone ? 
  or poland or lithuania, 
  it was n't afaik, 
  uk tories, 
  true , but the ex-ussr satellites have bizarrely gone backwards in the past 10 years . 
  the only exception seems to be estonia which was noted as a sort of haven for gay soviets, 
  the problem with the historical argument is that marriage has changed a lot over history . 
  what part of historical marriage do you want to go back to ? 
  back in biblical times a girl 's father would sell her off to a husband for instance, 
  that link died long ago after divorce and impulsive marriage became the norm, 
  thats exactly why i do n't like her . 
  at least with politicians with ideology you know what they are going to do . 
  germany is looking a bit behind the progress of the uk , ireland , france , spain , denmark , sweden etc. 
  no thanks, 
  would you really want to be in the eu though , its not that kind to small countries, 
  how is scotland nordic ? 
  i also would imagine the irish would also love that, 
  dont all superstates end up that way ? 
  this is a year old, 
  they are neat planes but do you really want putin in command of more long range nuclear capable combers ? 
  you can send people up in an atv but since it has n't a heat shield there is no way back, 
  putin is crackers, 
  the esa does n't really do human flight though , the ariane and vega are n't man rated and only launch unmanned vehicles . 
  although the atv they developed is being engineered into the service module for the new american manned spacecraft, 
  depending on the countries i could spell the end for the euro, 
  so he slowly becomes crazy , kinda like that russian guy from armageddon, 
  juncker said there would be no expansion for a while, 
  well thats what they are doing , they went after lgbt people , now they are after georgians and ukrainians, 
  they are totally not russian / s, 
  yeah , does analogy not exist in turkey or something , columbus said it was mosque shaped , not a literal mosque, 
  yeah 63.5 kg of gunpower is nowhere enough to get a rocket to + ve, 
  after the uk , canada + us had liberated france from the nazis ( and other countries ) and also sheltered him ; a few years after the war he forced the uk and us out of france completely and then was one of the main people stopping the uk first attempt at eec membership, 
  yeah , i do n't think juncker would want to be remember as the first commissioner to loose a member state . 
  why does there need to be a guide for this ? 
  does nobody study the red revolution in greece ? 
  was n't there an opinion poll last year that showed that over 80 % were against it, 
  i actually understand why cameron pulled the tories out of the epp , its just dominated by merkel and seems to run as a hegemony, 
  since the pound has spent the past 3 months surging on the euro i ca n't see that happening, 
  they could just not pay up , the eu is fairly crap at enforcing these types of rulings, 
  i actually blame de gaulle for the uk 's distance from the eu at least ideologically, 
  yes but far too late, 
  the eu has a shocking history of respecting referenda , look at ireland for an example, 
  he is all talk , he claims to be charismatic and ideological but like so many politicians he is full of shit, 
  i wonder how long it will be until their government collapses and another election is called ? 
  the irish bailout also had alot of public support in the uk, 
  the fact that greece was allowed in really should raise doubts about the competency of the ecb, 
  sometimes i think the eu is secretly trying to get the uk to vote out, 
  non eurozone currencies can devalue their currency , change interest rates all sorts of techniques that are n't open to greece, 
  so distancing ourselves from a currency project that we have wanted nothing to do with for the past 20 years , based on correct fears about its stability and controls is neofascist ? 
  goodwins law again, 
  the uk are ireland are far far more linked that the uk and greece . 
  there is far more trade between ireland than there is with greece, 
  since when is the eu the world police ? 
  yes but i ca n't see ukraine stabalising in the eu . 
  does n't romania have a brain drain anyway ? 
  its just generic soviet propoganda , i.e the perfect soviet couple, 
  apparently in the event of a complete panic and mass exodus the eu countries can infect decide to freeze freedom of movement in extreme situations i know the uk has threatened to do it in the event of an exit, 
  is n't that its problem ? 
  yeah seoul is only 50km from the dmz , well in the range of long range artillery, 
  nk is increadibly hard to invade , it has a huge army ( everyone is conscripted ) and a brainwashed populace that thinks that the kims are literally gods with supernatural abilities, 
  would n't this be more appropriate going to the un ? 
  should n't this be going to the un not the eu ? 
  i do n't get what people expect , their mandate was impossible to implement, 
  meaning a - well i am a brit and i am terrified of being drafted ... 
  the ones who support it are always old politicians who think the youth are useless otherwise or something . 
  as someone in their 20s of draft age ( and being an engineer so desirable i suppose ) i would be terrified if it ever happened to me meaning b - only care about drafts in the winter , in the summer you probably want one, 
  yes but they are n't mandatory and forced upon someone and are n't a part of a cultural identity, 
  computer programming is n't a culture of a national identity . 
  jewish people have always used hebrew in prayers and in ceremonies like bat mitzahs etc. 
  long before israel came around . 
  well yes it has never not been europe . 
  the eu does n't define europe so these tweets are a bit redundant, 
  it depends on what you define as latin . 
  the original latin that was spoken by the romans is very different to medieval ( and modern ) latin used by the vatican . 
  anyway the language is so out of date that you would have to create words to fit the modern world or adopt words from other languages . 
  this did n't work that well for irish so i ca n't see it working for latin, 
  when i was younger ( i am roughly this guy 's age ) i wanted to kill myself and i had mental illnesses ( still do ) , and now i regret even having those thoughts, 
  its no longer 10ad, 
  constructed languages are an affront to human nature, 
  no the reason why attempts like esperanto etc. 
  fail is because a language is part of someone 's cultural identity . 
  look at quebec for instance they have their own identity different from canada since french is the main language there . 
  same goes for wales for another example . 
  the only way to force a block to adopt a main language will be to deny them their own culture which is incredibly totalitarian, 
   you mean the crimes of building military infrastructure ?!, 
  : ^ ) ftfy, 
  meanwhile https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqkzestq0wo, 
  maybe everyone else should reconsider recognizing russia as the ussr successor . 
  i mean its that what allows them to have a seat on the security council for instance, 
  have you ever seen a parade ? 
  thats about right , i remember getting the same crap in england from polish idiots as well . 
  the country is very catholic , its like the mississippi of the eu, 
  this seems to be the exception . 
  i remember the guadian found that none of the surveyed muslims in the uk thought that gay people should have any rights at all, 
  same ca n't be said about uk muslims,
