  although there are government literacy programs that can help such people, 
  there is one country who would veto this immediately ... . 
  it begins with a f, 
  ehhh not so much , i have done work with italian engineering companies and most of their stuff is still all in italian, 
  is english even used in government paperwork outside of uk , ireland and i guess malta ? 
  well yes , however its 2015 not 1945, 
  what kind of person sees an innocent man being brutally murdered and wants it on a t-shit , and then also think that other people want to buy said t-shit  baby bodysuits that 's depressing, 
  also the sky is blue, 
  i am not surprised , the epp are awful i ca n't believe they get so many votes, 
  why ? 
  nato countries frequently use each other 's air bases . 
  i know one of the polish ones had usaf and raf aircraft operating from there recently, 
  well its better than the kite, 
  its fairly well designed , i got to fly the raf 's typhoon simulator and they put a lot of effort into designing it, 
  that hud looks very similar to the one fitted to the tornado, 
  ah a retrofitted mig , got ta love the western avionics and systems shoehorned in, 
  as a human factors engineer , i think the typhoon is probably the best of the 3 , okay the rafale looks nice but it appears to have touchscreen everywhere which have no tactile response , i could imagine being a pain in high g flight . 
  the jas seems to be semi well done, 
  since when did the cia recruit northerners, 
  for the motherland, 
  its not really just a muslim thing , my dad works with a man called jim savile , guy got a legal name change, 
  depends on the interpretation , some honestly believe that allah commands them to have an untrimmed beard since muhammed apparently had one . 
  in taliban control afghanistan it was actually a crime to trim a beard, 
  social conservatism does n't exactly maintain the status quo , it happens in the uk , look at new labour or how the tories modernised, 
  is n't poland in nato ? 
  also what about the baltic members ? 
  those large unkempt beards do make me immediately assume someone is an islamist, 
  the cheese farm will have to close costing the country 1 % of its gdp , the sole employee hans is devastated, 
  they are slowly hitting north korean levels of insanity . 
  next they will be seeing putin as some deity capable of supernatural feats, 
  have these two got their ideas of american accents from watching tv ? 
  also why do they randomly go english at a random point ? 
  yes but the migs were absorbed into the luftwaffe after unification . 
  they were the only aircraft they kept apart for a pair of illyshins and tupolevs, 
  i believe sidewinders can be carried by modified migs , the malaysians apparently use them on theirs and these would be monkey migs http://www.defenseindustrydaily.com/malaysia-wants-aim-9x-2-sidewinder-missiles-07192/ also poland is apparently upgrading their to be `` compatible with their f-16s '' so that could mean a common ordnance supply https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikoyan_mig-29#poland, 
  the german/polish migs were n't monkey models though , the soveits wanted decent gear on the front lines . 
  the most interesting story about those is in afghanistan during the soviet war , since they did n't trust the afghan pilots to not turn to the jihadists they decided to only allow red air force pilots to fly the fighters and be pic on the multi crew planes . 
  apparently they were shocked at how crap they were compared to the ones they were used to, 
  it was in a janes manual i picked up , if i find an online copy ill post it . 
  with regards to the hind http://www.flightglobal.com/news/articles/bae-offers-nato-compliant-mi-24-avionics-upgrade-package-137252/, 
  thats probably down to the tito split . 
  although i would imagine hypothetically if serbia were to join nato ( unlikely considering history ) then they would probably be upgraded to the same spec as the romanian and polish ones ( although since the polish ones are russian spec it may be a problem ), 
  yeah , there was a report going around which showed that the north korean mig 29s were crap compared to the non-downgraded models . 
  its not just a soviet thing , there are rumours claiming that the typhoons and tornados operated by the saudis are degraded compared to the british and german versions, 
  the luftwaffe is used though for the modern airforce , its written on their aircraft, 
  apparently the retrofitted enhancements , they can use american and british missiles and ordinance same thing happened with the hind , bae actually brought one from the germans in the 90s and modified it with british weapon systems . 
  its now in a museum in coventry, 
  the luftwaffe and now polish migs were n't export spec since the gdr was seen as the front line so the soviets allowed the east germans to buy the russian spec ones . 
  after the fall of the wall , the luftwaffe decided to keep the mig 29s and modify them slightly to make them nato compatable ( same happened to the romanian and other eastern bloc aircraft ), 
  or poor people from cork, 
  to bradford, 
  the funniest thing is the migs , the exported migs that were operated by germany and now poland completely outperform the russian aircraft due to crap maintenance and russian lack of updating, 
  eu and efficiency do n't belong in the same sentence, 
  its not going to happen, 
  was n't stalin georgian ? 
   this article will show that the uk has been an active participant in some of the most important areas of eec/eu policy making and now more than ever before the british public should be made aware of this and , most importantly , be proud of these achievements !, 
  so so we were involved in crappy agreements and treaties . 
  why would i be proud of anything the government does ? 
  i did n't vote for them the whole problem with this link is that we all know the uk supports the trading zone , what we have no desire for is a god awful federal state, 
  i do n't think the eu should expand for the near future . 
  it has too many problems at the moment, 
  why ca n't we detach from the continent and travel to near australia or somewhere nice and warm, 
  how is donating blood solidarity ? 
  i am surprised they are n't blaming gays, 
  its not a shock, 
  they are incredibly popular, 
  its why i am pro-trident now after being previously for disbanding . 
  with the likes of the dprk and other countries having nuclear programs its easier to maintain a deterrent and not use it than need one and rush to have one when we actually do need one . 
  check your keyboard layout settings, 
  some of their airforce ; mostly transporters are facing a huge parts shortage since antonov their main supplier is a ukrainian company that is refusing to sell parts and deliver aircraft to russia, 
  honestly . 
  corbin will never be pm . 
  most of his mps hate his guts, 
  let me see , they would have to invade and occupy parts of spain , italy , uk ( gibraltar ) , greece , serbia , china , egypt etc. 
  yeah they are seriously deluded , if they tried they would suddenly find a nuke flying towards their capital, 
  you do realise that in that link poland does n't contribute the minimum 2 % of gdp spending, 
  i would n't get too carried away , if corbyn gets leadership then he will be restricted by his mps and others on what policies they can persue so i doubt they will be that different in 2020, 
  and nuclear, 
  rude to fertilizer, 
  i just realised , that looks just like that psycho who stabbed those people at a pride parade, 
  it looks like the supersonic airliner from thunderbirds, 
  er the ones descended from the russians that stalin et al. 
  implanted into ukraine, 
  hangon were n't they all russian ukranians ? 
  the normans did a fine job at decimating celtic languages as well, 
  milan , ugly , friend had phone knicked , expensive also london, 
  like the a400m did / s, 
  not particularly , the government in the uk has gone insane and the uk is too happy to get involved with pointless wars and the like, 
  nato counties can operate outside of nato , like france did in mali or the falkland islands for instance, 
  i never really understood why the typhoon took so long to get out there . 
  the basic design ( the bae eap ) flew over 26 years ago . 
  then you consider that each country builds their own eurofighters and can compete with each other for export so i hardly see how its any better . 
  some countries want different equipment they may have different needs etc. 
  the challenger was built to specific uk requirements , that may not be possible with these big designs . 
  the recent projects were n't that impressive , look at how much the a400m went over budget and was delayed . 
  the uk had committed to orders but does n't really know what to do with them since they have a load of c-17s which they are happy with . 
  the uk has had 400 challenger 2 's which is almost the same as germany and france combined, 
  the uk seems to have little problem selling the challenger ii to counties / s, 
  we are allied to people nearby as well . 
  the us and canada are the only 2 nato counties outside of europe,
