  in england i would say one of those villages in the lake district . 
  since i am cumbrian i grew up in one until i moved to carlisle , incredibly beautiful as far as cities , probably carlisle ( bias but its got a freaking cathedral and a castle in the middle of it and a 1100 old town hall ) , chester or stratford upon avon, 
  thats really sad . 
  even though i accept that churchill and roosevelt were great war time leaders they did let stalin have his way with eastern europe , they were abandoned . 
  the soviets were n't as bad as the nazis , but they both had huge cults of personality around their leaders , massive suppression of decent and free opinion , forced labour camps for political prisoners etc. 
  some are some are n't depends on the family , some will pay for the grave, 
  yes but they would n't have right to have work in the uk or something like that . 
  assuming the uk pulls out and leaves the eec, 
  enda kenny is paid more than cameron ? 
  til, 
  according to the regs , 2 years without a relapse is sufficient to hold a class 1 medical, 
  they can return to flying once they are deemed safe, 
  even if there was a stroke , it still does n't explain why the altitude selector on the mcp was manually set to 100ft, 
  zzz, 
  offer them treatment ? 
  give them a job on the ground like training or in flight ops etc. 
  er possibly , try googling airbusdriver i am an aspiring commercial pilot and have a degree in aeronautics so i acquired a copy of the a320 's manuals out of curiosity but i ca n't really share them online since they are copyrighted and stuff, 
  yes , does n't germany have neo nazi terror groups around for instance ? 
  i am not speculating i am just reinforcing your point, 
  german, 
  no its erratic, 
   in britain , we 've recently had charities pointing out that suicide is the biggest killer of men under thirty-five . 
   maybe it 's time to acknowledge it 's a greater threat than terrorism , and rethink airline security . 
  the vast vast majority of suicides are focused on the person themselves , they just want a way out on their own , they do n't want to hurt other people in the process, 
  the code can be overridden by the use of the lock switch in the cockpit . 
  its supposedly to protect against a hijacker coercing it out of a crew member and getting access to the cockpit . 
  anyone who has to harm or traumatise others in the process of their suicide is scum as fair as i am concerned . 
  i accept you have problems and need help and i have sympathy for that but hurting innocent people is not on at all, 
  i think this needs to change , it makes pilots too scared to report concerns about mental health . 
  they should , i think it is being rolled out, 
  as steep as the fbw system would allow , with the spoilers up an a320 can maintain a very steep level of decent . 
  it is possible for a pilot to over-ride the elacs and exceed the limits i suppose ( they have off buttons on the overhead ), 
   the announcement was by the procureur ( prosecutor ) in marseille , so i think it 's already been a criminal investigation for a while . 
  they always start as criminal and as soon as its clear it was an accident they then take a back seat . 
  i assume they also looked at the control inputs on the data recorder as well . 
  since the article said he started the decent he either jammed the stick forward or set the autopilot to decend the airplane into terrain . 
  if this is true then this has turned into a murder investigation , the investigation will now be headed by law enforcement as well as air incident investigators . 
  something similar happened in mozambique a couple of years ago , and to an egyptian plane in the 90s . 
  as someone who is training to be a pilot i ca n't for the life of me imagine deliberately crashing a plane with so many people on board . 
  prrune is a cesspit, 
  their last fatality was 22 years ago http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lufthansa_flight_2904 the concern is lufthansa is n't doing great at the moment , it has poor industrial relations with recent strike action and the like . 
  even though it may not be obvious these could have impacts on the crew 's performance . 
  the fact that germanwings is a subsidiary makes me think that it could also have less favourable working conditions than the mainline, 
   first of all , the asi is the artificial horizon ( and it is called a standby attitude indicator on the a320 ) . 
  [ actually asi is acceptable terminology ] ( http://www.skybrary.aero/index.php/air_speed_indicator ) , ah would be artificial horizon . 
  i have never seen it called that terminology . 
   i do n't think that that was the case solely because there was communication between the aircraft and atc which means that at least some things were working . 
  depends , i know on battery power one vhf radio will remain powered although i do n't know enough about how the a320 sheds load ( i have only worked on dash 8s and i only know a bit about the a320 from a hf perspective ) i forgot about the rmi, 
  there will be an independent multi-national investigation . 
  it will be looked at in forensic detail . 
  being a pilot and a human factors specialist i read the things because i find them interesting but the summary will be picked up by the press i am sure . 
  this one will get a lot of resources , primarily due to the immense popularity of the a320 series . 
  if there is a critical design flaw that caused this crash millions of lives could be at risk, 
  it is flyworthy , just this was a very early a32x series so it had a very basic set up backup instruments ( artificial horizon , altimeter , asi and a magnetic compass ) not the more sophisticated digital one fitted to later models . 
  in the event of an electrical failure the a320 's computers will go into mechanical backup , there will only be rudder , pitch ( through the trim wheel ) and thats it . 
  its not an easy aircraft to fly without the computers and as air france 447 showed an airbus where the automation fails brings in considerable challenges to the flight crew due to `` automation surprise '' . 
  imagine trying to fly an a320 without using the sidestick at all , speaking as a pilot it would be incredibly difficult to get used to handing an aircraft that way . 
  when you first learn to fly at ppl level you fly the aircraft with he yolk/stick and rudder . 
  never with the rudder and trimmer only . 
  off the top of my head i can only recall a single safe landing in mechanical backup with that a330 that ran out of fuel and landing in the azures safely dead stick source : http://www.airbusdriver.net/airbus_fltlaws.htm, 
  in theory , but the analogue backup ( i assume it was fitted with ) still needs calibration . 
  it is perfectly possible as the final chain in the event that the wrong qnh was set on the backup and as a result they had the wrong altitude information . 
  again this is hypothetical, 
  yes i pointed that out and got voted down for it . 
  even when i said `` could '', 
  it is now i am afraid . 
  aircraft are being scrapped younger than before . 
  i sometimes visit kemble ( airfield in england ) and a320s , b747-400s , b777s and a319s etc. 
  are being torn up there i am surprised this a320 is still flying , mainline lh got rid of their old a320s a while back, 
  technically since most aircraft are literally pulled apart and reassembled as part of a d-check ( every component is checked and if needed replaced ) they are practically 10 years old in a way some aircraft however never make it to that point , especially types like the a320 where they end up more as parts than the cost of an overhaul like that . 
  there are some a320s , a330s , a340 , b744s etc that are now being scrapped at 10-15 years old . 
  i think we should wait for the bea to publish their report before blaming people . 
  this accident will be investigated by independent people who are experts in aviation every bit of the wreckage will be examined , every atc transcript , radar plot , black box data bit will be analysed forensically , a publicly available document will be published with the report 's findings and if there are cases of negligence or criminality then we have the legal process for that . 
  in the event of losing some hydraulic systems there are still ways to maintain a high decent rate . 
  the most obvious would be to drop the landing gear ( in the a320 this can be done by pulling the gravity release ) . 
  although i would imagine the a320s fbw systems would prevent the pilots from using advanced techniques such as sideslipping ( has been carried out safely in a 767 before so its not unheard of ), 
  there could have been a catalogue of failures . 
  if the a320 looses electrical power on its main busbar for instance a number of the cockpit crt ( this is an early a320 ) would go black and the pilots may not know where exactly they are or whats below them . 
  if there is cloud cover over the alps then it is possible for the them to simply now know the terrain is there . 
  is n't leadership referring to the commission though, 
  er what if you are in a tunnel or somewhere with no gsm or satellite coverage like mountainous regions or something probably not the first to ask this, 
  generational guilt is an absurd concept . 
  its a bit flippant to be saying that . 
  not to detract from hitler 's evilness but when he was elected germany was in economic ruin , they had hyperinflation , huge levels of unemployment etc. 
  i highly doubt every single person who voted for them in the 30s wanted genocide etc. 
  if the uk and france were n't so draconian with the treaty of versailles then i doubt wwii would have happened ( okay maybe japan would do something ) the same way . 
  have you ever seen the movie v for vendetta , v 's tv address on that is a similar occurrence to this , people in dire desperation will take extreme steps to keep them and the people they care for safe, 
  why was kaliningrad taken over by russia in the first place ? 
  i mean why did n't it become east germany ( i know that was never meant to exist either ) . 
  i assume there is some political or strategic reason for having russian territory in the middle of europe and especially now, 
  the eu does n't need a development bank i presume, 
  i am sure they will have explanations ,, 
  thats kinda my point . 
  a flag shouldnt need an accompanying video to explain what it symbolizes take the irish flag - green - republicans - white - peace - orange - loyalists uk flag - scotland , england and ni flags superimposed us flag - stars - states etc. 
  not really , an identity flag should never be a national flag . 
  its hard to tell much from this since its 2014 and the parliament changed right at the end of the year, 
  why do we need to join some chinese bank in the first place ? 
  also can the us really blame countries after the subprime mess that spread to europe from there ? 
  yeah they are modern linguistic algorithms are considerably better than google, 
  yes but probably not as crucial in the days of computer translation ( i would assume mi6 have access to those types of things ),
