i thought moldova was part of russia, 
  while they may have a bigger vote share , its too spread out across the country which is no good under fptp as much as i like the greens i think they will be luck to keep their own mp who sadly has been tainted by brighton council . 
  the problem with the greens is they are n't a uk whole party , maybe they should be on regional dropouts or something but since they are only standing candidates in england and wales its not appropriate for ni and scotland, 
  which is within the standard error of opinion polls so its statistically insignificant . 
  you would think after the referendum the scots would be more sceptical of opinion polls, 
  not really , ukip share is about 13-17 % in england not really that much when you consider the standard error of opinion polls . 
  well all we get on our tvs is surgeon and salmond blaming the whole of england for scotland 's woes . 
  not exactly , there are eurosceptics in scotland as well . 
  you even have a mep from ukip i am getting tired of nats always brushing 50 million people with the same brush, 
  this is like something out of stalin era russia, 
  i can see poland getting an opt-out , especially when the uk and denmark have one . 
  there is a precedence and i ca n't see the eu objecting it to be honest , they ca n't force a country that is n't ready or willing into the eurozone anymore . 
  you have n't heard that figure of speech before ? 
  meh i do n't like the europe flag , i do n't think it means anything and it keeps on getting confused with the coe which has the same flag but is unrelated to the eu, 
  its not that different from the uk , the [ latest opinion poll ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2014/oct/22/ukips-polarising-effect-support-for-staying-in-the-eu-hits-23-year-high?cmp=twt_gu ) has support for the eu at the highest since 1991 but the opposition of the euro is also at an all time high . 
  the euro is toxic i ca n't see any country wanting to join it as is, 
  i suppose it could stop a repeat of that airbus vs boeing tanker fiasco, 
  the strings that allow investors to sue governments if they do n't get their own way, 
  thats why these types of people try to get a cult of personality, 
  i just call them faux socialists, 
  well its more their main spokespeople have been a war crook ( blair ) and a complete fail of a deputy pm ( clegg ), 
   because ukip want to join the eea they have dropped that  ukip would not seek to remain in the european free trade area ( efta ) [ source ] ( http://www.ukip.org/policies_for_people ), 
  i would imagine in the unlikely event of a brexit that eu people settled in the uk would be ok . say hypothetically an eu country kicked out a load of brits settled there then their nationals in the uk would probably be kicked out its generally tit-for-tat . 
  probably they 'll ask for a character test ( so people with criminal convictions or something wo n't be allowed residency ) but for 99 % then i ca n't see the uk kicking them all out, 
  meh the guardian and stuff are n't helping with ukip scandal # 632 and someone calling farage a racist or something . 
  the labour party hardly has the right to be called the labour part atm, 
  the problem is , i believe people like barroso should keep out of the debate , they are just playing into ukip 's hands . 
  yup its depressing , i got told that i am a racist who hates the uk because i identify with the eu far more than i would the commonwealth, 
  is this technically a `` landslide '' if its the same candidate . 
  i think the people elected carswell not ukip . 
  well sort of , but at least they were serving a legitimate country and the odd controversy the uk military has done recently is not even remotely comparable to the atrocities isis commit on a daily basis, 
  well this law would probably make things worse, 
  wow, 
  its known as slash city . 
  i pissed off some people because i call it derry and i m english i get quickly corrected . . 
  that would depress some of my russian friends , they seem to like converse etc. 
  over there, 
  ego much ? 
  french is usually mandatory in schools in england , its just taught appallingly, 
  even as a gay person this is a bit draconian, 
  my heart bleeds, 
   op does n't like democracy you do realise according to opinion polls that the uk would probably vote to remain in ? 
  technically the amount of coverage ukip et al are getting is unrepresentative of their popularity . 
  also why does someone who is irish care about the uk in the eu anyway, 
  what ? 
   yeah i read that , i also posted it on / r/ainbow and got down voted into hell and call all sorts of shit . 
  especially by this person / u/zorkamork thats really odd , it actually got like 80-90 % on uk politics and most people there are left wing , me included . 
  have you been on / r/exmuslim ? 
  i know some of the guys there are decent they post on / r/lgbt and / r/atheism sometimes , a couple are lgbt as well . 
  i ca n't see these sharia zones happening , i mean its getting to the point in the uk anyway where people have had enough . 
  do n't worry about your so , he will be fine , most bigots are louder on the internet than they are in reality . 
  i do get anxious around overly religious people but the best reaction is just to ignore them , do n't let their c7th bigotry get through . 
  i have lived in a part of england with a lot of muslims in a fairly deprived part as well , and yes a couple of idiots have yelled stuff at me but i just ignored them . 
  sweden is a great country , could n't you move with your so , most swedes are welcoming of lgbt people . 
  england as long as you avoid the odd bad area there are great places like manchester , brighton , london , newcastle where lgbt people are just an everyday thing now . 
  in england these islamists have crossed the line , right when they started with the `` behead british soldiers '' etc. 
  and their muslim patrols , sadly the government at the time did nothing and people ended up becoming extremists and supporting the edl and stuff . 
  its one of the reasons why we have ukip being popular now . 
  from what i have heard american muslims are less fundamental than the european sort . 
  i have spent a summer in brunei and for a supposedly homophobic country there was apparently a lot of stuff going on behind closed doors i was told by this ex-pat i was friends with . 
  i take it you are singaporean ? 
  if you were british it would be fairly easy to emigrate to those under the commonwealth visa thing for under 30s from the realms . 
  the problem with the uk is people made it taboo to talk about this type of thing out of fear of being seen as racist . 
  this is somewhat dying out after obvious events , but its causing some people to vote for extreme parties like the bnp and stuff instead of having a rational discussion . 
  i once got called out in a school debate years ago ( i was a closeted gay back then ) and i was proposing to ban all face veils and inevitably someone said it was racist . 
  sigh, 
   my parents come off as moderate muslims , but that 's because they have no idea i am gay and would probably kill me if they knew . 
  that 's the moderate muslim . 
  nice to your face , but hates you behind your back . 
  yeah its a big problem , i hope you will be alright . 
  my parents being christians come atheist are alright with having a gay kid , a lot of the homophobia does seem to come from muslims i am afraid , i remember hearing about this gay muslim girl in blackburn ( large muslim population ) anyway she had an english girlfriend in secret . 
  her family found out about this and tried to kidnap her girlfriend on her way home from work . 
  they got caught mind , prison sentences and they are banned for life from attempting to contact their own daughter now . 
  have you seen this ? 
  it went the rounds on a lgbt forum and on here its makes me depressed to say the least : http://ex-muslim.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/evangelisinghate_report_web.pdf the thing is , its not racist to criticise a religion since its a conscious choice . 
  there is nothing stopping a white person from becoming a muslim ( they are always kinda weird though ) so its hardly racist . 
  it is a shame , i have looked him up . 
  damn i was hoping there was at least one decent imman out there , he has been over the news for marrying that iranian gay couple this week . 
   majority of muslims ... and i do mean the large majority of muslims are homophobes . 
  yeah i know , i have some problems with a couple of muslims ( in my undergrad a couple refused to work with me because i am gay , they got kicked off the course but still ), 
  ludovic mohamed zahed ? 
  yup , when i was on a college exchange thing in ohio , people were amazed at how my home town is over 2,000 years old ( carlisle goes back to pre-roman britain ), 
  farage is very good at pr , but thats it, 
  i do n't know , for some crazy reason ukip are being heard by working class northerners, 
   ireland is the last place he 'd consider downgrading haaaaaaaaaaaaaa fail i live in dublin mate , my other half is irish and i am getting a phd from an irish college :-), 
  so according to the pm bi and transgender people do n't exist ? 
  i actually love seriba and i am gay , belgrade is an awesome city . 
  just a shame of all the homophobia, 
  i do think that spain is denying them their right to self determine which should be flagged, 
  well i do live here, 
  nope, 
  ukip are also eating into labour , who are incredibly inept atm . 
  ok , but i meant i was pretty eurosceptical as a teen, 
  knowing him he would either miss , say it in a monotone voice or fluff his lines or try to play golf in a suit or something !, 
  i do n't agree with ukip 's principles but i do respect that farage is very charismatic and is by far the best at pr, 
  he does n't suit red pants . . 
  to be fair i was the same way i used to be very anti-eu and now i am a federalist europhile as well, 
  well i am on marie curie ( post grad research version ) and i found both, 
  hungary for example, 
  but its very marginal .
