  its not really anger . 
  if blair and brown gave a referendum on lisbon then maybe we would n't be in this mess . 
  nobody has really had a say on the eu in the uk for decades, 
  i doubt the uk is the only country not wanting a feu . 
  is n't the nordic countries more against it than the uk . 
  whenever i hear that i get a mental image of mickey mouse with a m-16, 
  the germans and luxemborgish have been trying to dominate the eu far more than the uk . 
  the epp is basically a cdu front, 
  no this was in england , it will go to the maa as its a nato aircraft on an raf base, 
  no , but as a pilot myself and someone who studies human factors i get pained when i see bad airmanship , okay it looks cool but its putting innocent people at risk . 
  people have just died at an airshow in england last year by a pilot going too low, 
  the problem with that approach is that its illegal , the pilot was well below the glideslope at the decision height . 
  the atc there will have to report it to the authorities, 
  that is pretty awesome , they always send one of their f-16s to the uk airshow circuit and they always have an amazing livery on them . 
  this is still my favourite though http://www.fox-two.com/images/hawk-angleterre-xx172-002.jpg, 
  there are strip clubs . 
  some girls actually enjoy stripping and pole dancing etc. 
  er ever hear about soho , amsterdam etc. 
  yup . 
  we had the same thing ( although nowhere near as bad ) in ireland when the catholic bodies like the so called iona institute were politely told to feck out of people 's lives, 
  cameron has fucked up the `` negotiations '' , if the uk votes out i think his position will be untenable, 
  north korea really ? 
  the korean war was pretty much nato and a few of the commonwealth countries . 
  i ca n't see the eu doing anything to help get rid of the kims, 
  was n't one of them responsible for the edstone ? 
  his very trigger happy view to syria a few years basically wiped his popularity, 
  i do n't think russia is that economically connected to the uk , the uk 's economy is doing well , the russian one is in free fall, 
  you mean the same american leader who gave the russians details of the uk 's nuclear deterrent in some backroom deal ? 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/wikileaks/8304654/wikileaks-cables-us-agrees-to-tell-russia-britains-nuclear-secrets.html down voted for a fact ? 
  sean penn got himself involved with the falklands and came accross as completely ignorant, 
  and you lot set sean penn on the world, 
  apart from making downright false claims about the country to justify his own bigoted agenda ? 
  or putting a golf course on a nature reserve ? 
  it 's not , he is president of the us , not europe out the uk, 
  the republicans and democrats do n't really have sister parties , democrats are well to the right of labour , gop is well to the right of the tories, 
  the us only got involved in wwii after perl harbour . 
  according to this the americans are seen as worse http://uk.businessinsider.com/worst-behaved-tourists-2013-5?r=us&amp;ir=t, 
  commonwealth realms are basically the uk , canada , new zealand and australia and a couple of smaller counties like jamaica . 
  we have a common head of state so there is a somewhat closer link than say pakistan would have ( and i doubt anybody wants any free movement with that place ), 
  its a bit rich coming from an australian since they have the toughest borders on the planet, 
  they are in the eurovision / s, 
  how ? 
  the us has had several deadlocks in congress over budgets in the past couple of years the country nearly became insolvent . 
  also do n't forget the subprime crisis originated from the us, 
  what are you on about ? 
  so explain the point of giving it to the eu ? 
  a lot of countries have a view that `` its none of our business '', 
  i do n't think he should be allowed to have this platform , this is n't a comment in an article or a tweet or a tv interview , this is a specific platform to try and influence an election, 
  how does the uk being in the eu help us citizens ? 
  after the election ? 
  to be fair the japanese companies have said they will stay regardless . 
  both nissan and toyota are keeping their plants even in a brexit, 
  i do n't hate americans at all . 
  i dislike a lot of things your government does however, 
   according to this subreddit our country is less stable than the eu well the crime rate in the us is massive compared to the eu . 
  the eu is n't really comparable the us, 
  * we 're unless you are saying you were the strongest economy i do n't think the us is invincible, 
  as someone who lives in dublin i can safely say that it is n't really like that here . 
  the main trouble makers are americans as far as temple bar goes, 
  please sanders or clinton probably want him to win , all they have to do is let him make a fool of himself, 
  yes and before this trump said slanderous things about the uk , flat out lied and claimed that the police have `` no go areas '' and what not, 
  on specifically a domestic topic that is down to a referendum . 
  imagine the uproar if cameron flew over and endorsed clinton or someone, 
  the irish do n't like the us butting in either . 
  down voted ? 
  has everyone forgot the reddit shitstorm about the video by the `` irish national caucus '' the other week ? 
  the parliament rejected it and it was only in westminster hall it never made the commons , there was 2 wing nut mps who actually supported it . 
  none were cabinet members so its not really comparable to potus . 
  the petition was 0.00883 % of the uk 's population . 
  you mean a nobel prize of doing the square root of nothing ( he was n't even in office when he was nominated ), 
  i do n't want a us president getting involved with our country . 
  what right does he have he is n't even anything to do with the eu or the uk . 
  i am not a eurosceptic by the way i am just sick of american leaders trying to manipulate the country . 
  europe does n't mean the eu , since there are several european countries who want nothing to do with it . 
  roads are in mph mostly due to there being no real reason to pay to convert them , it cost ireland a lot of money to do it and it has n't really had any benefit to them to be honest . 
  yeah i am a plane nut myself ( i have a license to fly light aircraft ) and i was kinda gobsmacked to see one randomly at gay pride in toronto , i have actually had a ride of the bbmf 's one when i was an air cadet ( kinda sentimental since my gramps was in bomber command ) the canadian one was actually over in the uk last year to celebrate ve day with the british one . 
  well ted cruz got in, 
   belgium really ? 
  its always the butt of jokes over here . 
  despite our past ( before the 20th century ) i would say that france is probably the eu country we are most amicable to . 
  they embraced rugby and we embraced their food . 
  the support offered by us brits to the french after the bataclan massacre was incredible , i have n't seen anything like it since 9/11 . 
  i want * a * eu and maybe one day a federal state , but the current system in brussels/strasbourg just is n't good enough . 
  i do n't think that is the main reason . 
  why else was it initially called the european steel and coal union ? 
  its not just the uk , when i spent time in malta the people there was pretty different from the italians which they are geographically closest to . 
  they do things their own way . 
  take lgbt rights for example , despite being majority catholic the pope had a cold reception when he urged them to stand against civil partnerships etc. 
  last `` anglo commonwealth '' country i visited was canada and they are pretty different to us . 
  okay in toronto english is the dominant language but still there was a lot of differences . 
  the only things that reminded me of home were the $ 20 note with queenie on it and bizarrely a portrait of her maj in a gay bar of all places . 
  oh and the lancaster bomber that was randomly flying around during the pride parade, 
  when i travel around europe ( i do it a lot with work ) i do n't think anyone is `` european '' by that definition . 
  i come from a rural area and the cultures are completely different , perhaps you only really go to london, 
   i 'll just add my two cents , on how i was corrected on calling the uk `` european '' by brits within hours of moving into my dorm in london . 
  thats pretty common , european is a bit vague and ignorant of the very different cultures that exist in europe . 
  american is different since the usa shares a common culture and identity . 
  people here are still english , scottish , irish , italian , spanish etc. 
  it works on a tablet fairly well, 
  eire is sort of the official name of ireland , i live here and its on the frigging stamps and the euro coins .
