  thats down to the education system there though is n't it , i remember a load of those saudi textbooks were found in these madrases they funded in the uk , they called for the execution of gays , jews were called pigs and monkeys , where the cut should be made in order to amputate a criminals arm and the islamic teaching for a public execution etc. 
  all this was in a book intended for a 11 year old vile or what, 
  yeah sorry i assumed you put a link to the scene from braveheart, 
  i hate that movie , its a load of shite , written by someone with limited understanding of scottish history you get 1,00000 black marks for bringing it up , 
  well yeah , until recently i flew aircraft that were far older than myself, 
  i suppose , i kinda forgot about the raf 's `` new '' rivet joints as well , they are based on the kc135 which is a similar age, 
  i do n't see how this is really news . 
  its just campaigning from the yes to distract from the lack of clarity on fundamental stuff such as what currency they are using, 
  i love how the russians are using the bears still , i mean its a 60 year old design, 
  yup the mcb is self appointed , i read somewhere that the vast majority of muslims claim they do n't represent anything that most muslims stand for, 
  you would think that after 7/7 they would have learnt, 
  thanks :-) i just realise how crazy i must have been , i mean religion is kinda crazy when you read the bible now, 
  yeah i am fine mostly :-) i have made peace with myself, 
  i do know moderate muslims , however there is this minority usually whabbai who segregate themselves, 
  i was only 13 , and i was sent to a catholic faith school . 
  there were times i wished i could be fixed as well . 
  13 year old me did n't want to be gay and i assumed it was a phase since all the other kids were stereotypically homophobic twerps at that age i did n't have the guts to come out until i was 22, 
  i do n't believe the claims it was sudden . 
  either their family are n't being truthful or they were somehow complicit . 
  the pair were incredibly brainwashed, 
  actually depends on how far back . 
  historical i would say cromwell today i would say jimmy saville if he would count , he is purely hated by anyone with an inkling of decency, 
   at the moment probably that twat who beheaded the yank journo the other day , closely followed by the killers of lee rigby . 
  probably those lot . 
  the murder of that soldier made a lot of people i know want the death penalty , people i would never imagine saying that . 
  its a bit unfair to chastise all muslims , most are decent people as horrified at these brainwashed thugs as we are . 
  to be honest they are more the victims since they will probably suffer ramifications from the fall out . 
  all religions have bad seeds , as someone who is interested in buddhism ( i think its a beautiful philosophy ) i am disgusted at this burmese sect that is going around driving out muslims like an angry mob ( that is actually against some of the buddha 's teachings ) a lot of catholics are horrified at the murder of innocent people by the rira bombing campaigns and i would imagine its the same for protestantw with the udf then you have those sikhs who bombed an airliner killing everyone on board etc. 
  i would rather be funding secular education to be fair . 
  i do n't think a state should be propagating a religion , to the point where these saudi schools in the uk should n't be allowed to function . 
  i am not opposed to some sort of control on madrases though . 
  that saud family uses their form of sunni islam as a form of imperialism . 
  go back 30 years ago and islam was far more diverse , pakistan for instance had a fairly nice interpretation of it , you did n't have women in veils stuff like that . 
  things changed when the sauds used their oil money ( that was stolen from the ordinary people in saudi ) to build these whabbai mosques and arabized the country , they ship over their own clerks to condemn anyone who is n't in the same sect , fund the `` training '' of new immans in their ideology . 
  i am friends with someone who is a liberal muslim and she rejects that form of islam , she is actually pretty nice she went to a conference and they had this gay imman from sweden talking etc. 
  no but its fn supporters ukip supports have n't gone to that level yet even though i ca n't stand ukip calling them fascists does n't help anyone, 
  maybe the lack of metric system over there, 
  whhabism causes jihadism in a way . 
  its all these saudi funded mosques and `` cultural centres '' , i remember panorama went into one of their madrassas that were teaching the saudi curriculum which was advocating the amputation of criminals , executing homosexuals etc. 
  source ? 
  like letting them in in the first place ( most are n't uk citizens ), 
  that 's really not funny, 
  is n't hooliganism what they used to try and silence pussy riot ? 
  i do think there is also some psychological problems with these lot , possibly some form of narcissism the way they talk about how glorious jihad and murdering their enemies is to them i was heavily bullied to the point of depression and self hatred however i would not dream of hurting someone as a result of it, 
  i suppose , i mean i hated myself as a teenager being a closeted bullied gay . 
  i did consider suicide several times i will admit, 
  i know but bullying is different from running off to a war zone and murdering innocent people . 
  well yeah . 
  i do n't think you can blame parents for having a bullied kid . 
  i was bullied horribly because i am gay , my parents thought something was wrong i would n't tell them what . 
  worshipping satan is n't actually all that bad as long as they are n't in one of those satanic cults that sacrifice animals or something , 
  meh do n't worry its looking likely we are going for a labour government next year , the lesser of two evils i suppose . 
  well is n't the whole point of a business to raise money, 
  yeah but i always err on the caution with the doh as a result of their recent antics . 
   negotiating things like the investor-state dispute settlement ? 
  jobs for lawyers :-d, 
  except i do n't believe this is in our best interests , as does a lot of the eu governments including the brits and the germans . 
   campaigning groups say ttip bypasses national courts , because its investment chapter would allow investors to sue if government actions , often taken for the public good , affected business prospects . 
  disputes would be decided by investor-state arbitration tribunals . 
  it actually stops governments from deciding things in our best interests . 
  it was n't open discussed within the eu at all and since obama made a thing about it in his state of the union i fear its another way for the americans to influence the eu even more http://www.iied.org/europes-controversial-ttip-treaty-good-bad-unnecessary, 
  there seems to be underlying outrage we are starting to have too much us influence in the uk on our media , and i fear for the nhs , under ttip if the uk government decides to block a us health company from the uk market in the interests of public health ( like supporting the nhs ) then the us company would have the right to sue the uk government over it, 
  i just think of these girls who were apparently `` gifted '' but somehow dropped out of school at 15 and ran off to syria to be jihad brides . 
  you would think their parents would have noticed something !, 
  maybe keep an eye on what mosque they go to ? 
  talk about religion with them ? 
  for a while i was more religious than my parents , i became a catholic because i wanted to be one so i went to church and stuff , my parents wanted to check the place out before they would let me go etc. 
  its parenting, 
  thats not funny . 
  i just ca n't see a water heater ( mine is 2000w ) being useful at a low rating , i hardly have enough in my flat with that output . 
  apart from insulating everything you are going to find it hard to improve efficiency with a water heater, 
  well yes that is the power of a motor , but two equally efficient motors at different wattage ratings will have different levels of suction . 
  interesting link : http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/08/22/uk-iraq-security-idukkbn0gl1m720140822, 
  well yes most british people probably disown the likes of nick griffin etc. 
  however at the present moment isis are the concern , the far right has been quiet since the nail bomb attacks of the late 90s, 
  ukip are morons but again are not really analogues to the front national and since they got support of 9 % of the electorate they are a minority party . 
  edl dying , bunch of drunk morons as representative of the uk as these thugs are of muslims bnp finished as a party , lost their meps and most of the councillor was only a protest vote, 
  not being an intolerant thug who believes in executing innocent people for having different beliefs from you . 
  they do n't make them culturally british does it , its just a travel document . 
  since a lot of muslims keep on claiming they are muslim and thats it, 
  we did n't create them . 
  i will tell you who created them , the radical immans who come over here , the parents of these dumb teenage girls who ran off , the father who did n't seem to care that his sons went off to some dodgy mosque etc. 
  the muslim community is doing very little to solve the problem . 
  farage is nothing compared to the front national 's policy if you think ukip are bad then you would be appalled by the front national . 
  i have n't heard of ukip putting pork in homeless shelters so muslims ca n't eat any of it have you ? 
  france has a problem with radicals , look at how violent that palestine protest got the other week , they attacked jewish people and torched a synagogue as does spain , remember the madrid train bombing ? 
  that was a spanish plot caused by a bunch of moroccan exiles . 
  i think its down to the type of preacher that gets invited to the uk , the east london mosque was infamous for inviting known hate speakers ( other countries banned them ) , i just think the government did n't do enough about these people like anjem choudary etc. 
  he was deported from france and holland but he has never faced charges over here how does that work ? 
  but i do n't think its fair to blame the uk people we do n't want islamist radicals over here . 
  there is a lot of support for stripping said radicals of their citizenship or right to reside, 
  i was referring to islamic immigration us muslim population is < 1 % compared to 5 % for the uk and close to 4 % for france, 
  the uk did n't supply isis interesting most of their gear is us supplied stuff the iraqis abandoned, 
   in countries like australia , canada , the us , etc really ? 
  these countries have far less immigration than europe , in canada and the us its pretty hard to immigrate unless you are highly skilled , australia is pretty anti any immigration to the point where all asylum seekers are processed in a different country . 
  we also have far more immigrants that these countries . 
  why do n't they integrate ? 
  they go and build their mosques , their private faith schools , their halal shops etc. 
  and never do anything outside their own world . 
  what are you on about ?
