  we are incredibly permissive , do you see a party like front national getting support like they do in france ? 
  do you see any uk politicians planning to ban niquabs and veils ? 
  or how about a swiss style ban on minarets ? 
  muslim students are the most radical sort, 
  i highly doubt they would see themselves as british , they may have a british passport but that hardly makes them british . 
  was n't it the ruling of economists that stopped the uk from joining the euro ? 
  i would say in the uk either cromwell or guy fawkes although i would imagine alot of people would actually say blair i would n't but there is this hatred aimed at him cromwell because he was a genocidal manaic who claimed to create a british `` republic '' ( republic in the same way north korea is a republic ) starved out my home-town because they hid royalists and did hideous things in ireland . 
  guy fawkes historically an effegy of him was burnt every bonfire night , now its just a fun tradition ( actually one of my favourite things from the uk , so nice to do this before christmas ) and finding a guy being burnt is pretty rare today, 
  i do n't understand the water heaters , if you have electrically heated water like i do then you will need that volume of water heated . 
  what do they expect us to do ? 
  have cold showers ? 
  well this sucks , literally . 
  i mean what about people with pets , my parents have dogs and they need that type of suction to get the hairs out of the carpet etc. 
  canada does have similar problems with islamic extremism they have the same problems but seem to be quicker to deal with it . 
  such as : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_ontario_terrorism_plot which was an attempt to have a canadian 7/7 even people speaking positive about groups like hamas have had bans from canada like george galloway, 
  islamism is a problem , most muslims are n't a problem , i have friends who are muslim, 
  about 2,000 western muslims have defected to isis the uk is one of the largest contingents however, 
  apart from russia instead of giving bulgaria back to the bulgarians decided to make the place a soviet satellite ? 
  i do n't know if the bulgarians see it that way , they have that crazy mount buzludzha thing do n't that and that is falling part . 
  from what i understand bulgaria wants to leave its communist past . 
  alot of historic memorials go , in russia the process of desovietism was swift with statues of marx , lenin being quickly recycled into something else, 
  but but what about worker and parasite ? 
  i love how he claimed he is being `` repressed '' by not being allowed to go . 
  if he wants to run off to that hell hole why does n't he just sneak off , not go on frigging national tv they are more stupid that i thought, 
  we have that in ireland , it is easier than the uk ones, 
  there are too many tricolours, 
  a lot of people in the uk either forget northern ireland exists , or is part of the uk or do n't recognise it as part of the uk, 
  for the olympics we do , and the uk plus ireland plays in the lions for rugby union . 
  but the commonwealth , football , rugby etc. 
  we have our own teams, 
  i thought norway was n't in the eu, 
  i would say cumberland wrestling from my part of england is pretty weird as is morris dancing, 
  at the risk of sounding like an idiot , is n't belarus landlocked ? 
  what about the kids who get radicalised and run off ? 
  like those two stupid girls the other week, 
  yeah they are n't british . 
  as soon as they claimed allegiance to a group like isis i no longer consider them british imo, 
  they are n't official though , you ca n't drive elsewhere in the eu with them . 
  the uk had . gb originally , but . uk seemed to be more popular so it stuck http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.gb, 
  it 's down to dealers to be honest . 
  some put the eu flags on some do n't . 
  well french is an unofficial second language in london owing to the number of french speakers there so i do n't think it would be much different , parts of england were once under french control and the name great britain was originally a french name to start with ( i.e brittany ), 
  canada and the uk are pretty close as well , i mean we have the same head of state . 
  the uk for a while became very close to france , in 1956 there were talks of a union between the two countries http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6261885.stm, 
  i guess you have a point , i mean the uk only buys us gear if there is a significant domestic component , the raf boeing e-3s have british mission systems fitted , the f-35b 's vtol system is a rolls royce system and the avionics are bae based on a fly-by-wire concept for the harrier , the apaches have british engines and i believe the trident has some domestic warheads fitted . 
  i think the uk spends on its military as a way to support the economy , the only exceptions are the c-17s since they were a lease from the usaf they decided to buy outright since they are so good , but the way they have committed to those airbus a400s even though they do n't need them at all , the a330 etc. 
  since there is alot of british jobs involved in them . 
  if the uk was n't the only tier 1 parter with the us on the f-35 project i doubt we would have ordered them, 
  was n't the lend lease post pearl harbour ? 
  i do n't recall the raf ( something i have alot of interest in ) getting p-51 mustangs ( not the regional british version ) , b-17s etc. 
  until well after the battle of britian when the raf was completely british equipped with the exception of a squadron of mk1 mustangs ( actually a british design order that north american won the bid for ), 
  its not that hard , there are decent transport links to the rural areas like pso air links etc. 
   we offered you an aircraft carrier ffs . 
  really ? 
  i never heard that , regan was very quick to be officially neutral . 
  the uk was n't that neutral in the vietman war , the uk acted by proxy with the australian military http://www.historytoday.com/marc-tiley/britain-vietnam-and-special-relationship the main reason i think the uk pulled out was at the time the uk had the draft and i do n't think the government wanted to send people 's kids to there . 
  do n't you have the same problem in the us with the southern states feeling neglected compared to the northern states ? 
  i ca n't see the average person accepting it anyway , it would fail in a referendum for sure , if they tried to do it without one then to be crude `` the shit will hit the fan '', 
  to be fair the us abandoned the uk over the falklands and obama is still useless with regards to the falklanders, 
   ukraine used to be a nuclear power , but it gave them up in the 90s in exchange for an agreement from both the us and russia that neither would violate ukraine 's territorial integrity , what a stupid fucking move . 
  ukraine should have kept its nukes and it would n't be in this mess today at all . 
  would n't ukraine be anti-nuclear anyway considering they suffered the world worst nuclear disaster caused by a russian run and designed powerplant suffering a catastrophic uncontrolled surge in output during a botched test ? 
   those polls are either heavily biased or poorly constructed and i doubt the majority of the uk actually opposes being nuclear armed in the first place . 
  the snp seem to make it one of their key reasons for pulling out , even though they would probably move it to england , well maybe because its the only thing they can claim after getting the economy so wrong . 
  i just do n't see why we need to be so close to the us militarily , it has n't got us anywhere good . 
  would europe be more at risk as a neutral continent ? 
  also the [ majority of the uk are against the country being nuclear armed in the first place . 
  ] ( http://www.cnduk.org/campaigns/no-to-trident/opinion-polls ) while technically it can be used without the us approval i question the amount of us involvement in the thing as well . 
  i just do n't see any situation where nukes would be any use, 
  nukes would n't be any deterrent to a situation like ukraine , all they would do is kill innocent people and make more of ukraine a nuclear wasteland which is something ukraine has enough problem with thanks to crappy russian engineering, 
  is n't that why norway never joined the eu in the first place ? 
  would it though , it would be like the us in a way but instead of an illiberal south you would have an illiberal east . 
  i have heard some nasty stuff about lgbt people in places like poland and lithuania, 
  thats awesome . 
  i have been to reykjavik and it is a pretty damn free place . 
  as others have said over 60 % of the icelandic population lives in reykjavik ( iceland population 320,000 , capital region 200,000 ), 
  is this the same guy who claimed mh17 is really mh370 transported to ukraine as some crazy conspiracy and the bodies were n't `` fresh '' ? 
   we require all government ministers to be elected members of parliament , again a principle that the ep does not apply . 
  what about peers like lord mandleson and baronness wasi they were n't elected but where ministers, 
  so the only eu countries to have them are the uk and france so its going to have very little effect overall especially where you are and considering that the vast majority are owned by the us and russia, 
  my point is that the bigger a state gets the less engaged the average person will be within the government inevitably a proportion will feel like they are second best to the rest . 
  if you want an example look at some of the scottish nationalist arguments, 
  one question why, 
  or isis, 
  the problem with superstates is that they gloss over the cultural differences between the people within them . 
  this is why projects like yugoslavia , ussr etc. 
  always fail because one group will inevitably get sick of being represented by people miles away who may not work in your best interest . 
  hypothetically lets say the eu rules for something that just goes against the interest of people who live in england but somehow favours the french and german it will stir up resentment from citizens and potentially would lead to independence movements, 
  we do n't draw that many flags in the uk . 
  we do n't display that much patriotism , we do n't even have a national day so i doubt people draw flags that much, 
  does anyone actually * want * a federal eu ? 
  being an eu citizen in addition to your nationality is n't a bad thing but a full federation where we would just be eu citizens ( so like having an eu passport ) is a different ballpark . 
  i would be fairly sure it would need a referndum in each of the countries , and i ca n't see it passing in france , holland , uk , ireland , hungary and a couple of others . 
  i am english and that is part of my identity our culture is different from other parts of the eu , even close by ones like ireland . 
  in 1956 during the suez crisis there was [ talk of a union between france and the uk ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/6261885.stm ) when we would have become one country with equal citizenship and i assume a bilingual model like canada . 
  it did n't happen probably because i do n't think the french would want to give up their nation they just liberated 10 years previous ( abet with help from the uk but still ) . 
  it would have severely changed the geopolitical landscape if it did happen , i doubt the eu would exist in the same way it does today , and i would probably be fully bilingual , the uk would probably switch to drive on the right etc. 
  although military france and the uk are very close with the plans to share aircraft carriers and since we hold the eu 's entire wmd arsenal between us . 
  i also do n't think the eu is capable of being responsible for everyone , they struggle enough as it is , i.e eurocrisis . 
  also on a slightly more perosnal note , i do n't really want the current eu commission representing my country , juncker , barrosso , van rumpuy are n't the type of statesman i would identify with if i a honest .
