  the only plan for a referendum is based on a hypothetical tory victory which is unlikely . 
  the uk is a eu member and a contributor so they are as justified as any to have a say on this , since london is a financial center they are justified . 
  its a bit ignorant of you to assume that just because i am against ttip and that i am english makes me some anti-eu farage figure, 
  actually antonov are involved in the design for a new transport aircraft aimed towards the west , with american assistance and powerplants, 
  ironically antonovs are/were built in kiev, 
  makes sense but still they could have painted it up in civvie markings , the ussr did that in the cold war only a small portion of the aeroflot fleet was actually civvie and flew pax . 
  ( current aeroflot is only related in name , they do n't even own the fleet most are registered in bermuda ( uk ) and ireland so they could be impounded by either government, 
  i wonder if russia is worried about kaliningrad , its literally surrounded by nato, 
  is n't the pm of so called `` donetsk pr '' the same guy who though that mh17 was mh370 transported there as a conspiracy, 
  then in retaliation invade those spanish colonies in morocco, 
  just relaised something interesting , a lot of the russian transport aircraft such as the an -- 124 etc. 
  are built by antonov , a ukrainian company . 
  i wonder if being under nato these orders would be blocked, 
  that was uncalled for . 
  tell me would your fellow romanians who moved to the uk under the eu say the same thing ? 
  i think people are skeptical because of the way the us has acted towards europe in the past decade . 
  anedotially the us has a negative image over here, 
  i suppose but north cyprus is regarded as occupied by turkey by literally every other nato member and the eu, 
  is the us really monocultural ? 
  go and compare somewhere like boston with mississippi, 
  i do n't know , turkey were allowed in nato despite occupying 1/3rd of cyprus i think its disputes between another nato memeber, 
  so if russia invades ukraine under nato rules it would be wwiii good lord, 
  is n't this already us dominated ? 
  was doing some digging on ttip and a pretty large union in the uk wants an opt-out to for the uk due to concerns about the nhs, 
  information sector ? 
  its not really a term over here if you mean academia i work in that and we do n't do anything with us organisations, 
  this does n't justify ttip however, 
  i did n't say the uk is the eurozone the uk has been outperforming the zone i still do n't get the benefits , most us corps have european subsidies just fine without it , i quazi work for one ( not naming it ) which like microsoft and yahoo has its hq for europe in ireland . 
  ford build their european market cars in the eu already , as does microsoft and apple ( well more distribute ), 
  except the uk i just dont see the point in ttip at all , and the us is still borrowing to a limit then there is a stalemate between the president and congress every so often on whenever to increase the limit . 
  i heard one of the people involved with this said she was scared of blowing the whistle for fear of being seen as `` racist '', 
  i fear this will spark race riots , like what happened 10 years ago . 
  the pcc should go for this , the council failed these girls, 
  the problem with ttip is how untransparent the negotiation is . 
  i also question the validity of a trade agreement with the us which is struggling financially, 
  its an an-72 usually a transport aircraft but those antenna on the forward fuselage look out of place imo , there is more than just a vor and ils receivers fitted there . 
  it has n't got a civilian registration either , russian military aircraft have rf-xxxx tails , civilians have ra-xxxxx ( expect the airliners which are registered in bermuda and other tax havens ), 
  except ukip are taking votes from labour as well, 
  urgh ukip having a mp is deeply worrying, 
  this is worrying, 
  i thought hungary was a satellite state not the ussr ( there was n't a hungarian ssr ), 
  since i moved to ireland i would get irish citizenship in the event of a uk pullout i do n't think it will happen however, 
  is n't the vega meant to be for this type of thing ? 
  i ca n't believe they are doing this in belarus i mean a dictatorship run by a man who thinks he is some stalin figure, 
  the uk once [ accidentally invaded spain ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/1827554.stm ), 
  well they would say that would n't they thing is debates never really transpose into votes , in 2010 people were saying that clegg could pose an electoral storm , the lib dems did n't really capitalise on it , in the us people were saying that romney closed the gap on obama in the debates and look at what happened obama won comfortably also farage vs clegg the other month , recent opinion polls show that the in-eu crowd are a majority again and ukip 's vote share has slid since may, 
   i ca n't imagine too many isis militants getting hold of $ 850k either . 
  isis are incredibly well funded after they looted that gold reserve in mosul not to mention the funding them get from other islamists, 
  what ? 
  er why, 
  russia is such a small country its so easy to find yourself outside of russia by accident , i mean moscow is just a 10 minute stroll from vladivostok, 
  i am kinda worried about these dodgy as hell saudi people buying them . 
  i am pig sick of saudi influence in the eu i did do some research on it  malta tightened the law in january and added a one-year residency requirement before an applicant can get a passport . 
  so they have to have residency http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/06/world/europe/citizenship-for-cash-program-in-malta-stirs-security-concerns-in-european-union.html?_r=0 it is worrying to be honest , what if some isis militant uses it to get around the uk pulling their uk citizenship . 
  although i did hear an eu country can still block someone if its not in the public interest to let them in . 
  its still cheap though, 
  why is the esa using russian launchers anyway ? 
  i though they had the ariane and vega launchers, 
  so russians can get around the sanctions i presume how is this even legal, 
  i just do n't find junckers rant incredibly helpful, 
  i do n't recall seeing any women being considered for the head of the commission did you ? 
  wtf we just had a women in a senior role , ashdown for crying out loud, 
  greece , ireland , cyprus and portugal would probably disagree, 
  you know the eu exit clause does n't mean a country has to pay back all the investment i have a lot of sympathy for the ukrainians who want a future away from russia , considering the damage russians have done to ukraine in the years ( hit it begins with a c and was operated by russians ), 
  but what if the ukrainians do n't want to be in putin 's pet project ? 
  did n't france just ignore the echr when they deported a load of islamists ? 
  correct me if i am wrong, 
  that is about coventry so it would n't ' really work in ireland a song about a west midlands town that had a collapse after the demise of the british motor industry i actually like cov its not like that anymore, 
  as long as they loose the sax solo ( i live in ireland ), 
  i like the italy anthem , well since i am a ferrari f1 fan maybe i am bias . 
  but i sounds like a national anthem , unlike god save the queen which is shite imo france 's one is nice as well , it got used as an intro for a beatles song so its probably unique in that respect, 
  its also always sunny in australia and they do n't hate gays no checkmate i am afraid, 
  is n't the national debt caused by insane spending ? 
  i mean i do n't think you can blame the lgbt community for those ghost airports built with no flights coming in ( although i am a lgbt pilot but still ) , those huge development projects with nobody living there etc. 
  i live in ireland which had its own problem with insane spending in the boom years but spain is far worse imo . 
  meh he is just looking like an idiot . 
  the uk is the same , we had a ukip councillor blaming freak weather on england 's introduction of same sex marriage , ireland which is on the path ( as opinion polls show ) has the same type of idiots , as does canada ( although their latest public homophobe is rob ford so i do n't think anyone would support anything he says ), 
  some will go to pride marches etc. 
  but they generally get the money back from people travelling down and spending money in the town etc. 
  also most western pride marches are sponsored by companies trying to get some of that `` pink euro '' we have so it ca n't be all that much to be honest . 
  i live in ireland which people also think is really catholic . 
  its not , scandal after scandal has lead people to question it , irreligion is on the rise here , and i would imagine the same in spain . 
  do n't forget spain was one of the first countries to have same sex marriage, 
  this reminds me of edl vs uaf . 
  both sides are as violent as each other, 
  yup , he lived in a million pound council house in maida vale in london , his father was non-present ( apparently had links to alqaeda ) and then fell in with anjem choudary 's crowd ( just like those two monsters who hacked lee rigby to death last year ) no offence but the uk gave his family asylum , gave them a home ( excessive value mind but still ) and this is how he turns out ? 
  did n't the so called muslim brotherhood flee to austria after the uk government started investigating their activities in the uk ? 
  urgh thats what seems to happen, 
  sigh this sounds worrying , these muslim schools never work and cause kids to be raised disjointed from the country that they are in . 
  i mean look at the scandal in england the other week about these schools being manipulated by islamists, 
  i did have a dig around , its only planned but has n't got planning permission . 
  apparantly alot of residents are against it since its far bigger than it needs to be . 
  they tried to pull the same thing in stratford in london , the residents killed it off , that was funded by saudi blood money so this is probably the same . 
  saudis have built a mosque in dublin already and i think they fund those discover islam lot who camp outside the gpo all the time . 
  kinda amusing to see them a good 50m from where they usually were because the dog rescue charity was fundraising :-), 
  what ?? 
  i live in dublin and i have n't heard this ? 
  thats kinda unexpected since there are n't that many muslims over here , not compared to other countries anyway, 
  like the one in jail in the uk for murdering his same sex lover, 
  it was a bbc one , the link on youtube has been copyright takedowned,
