  i wonder if that ciudad real airport ( the one from top gear ) will ever do anything . 
  i mean will they ever build that ave link . . 
  i ca n't see anyone touching it without that, 
  except they will probably go elsewhere since the airport is still in the middle of nowhere . 
   ukip are the most hated party in the uk i would imagine respect , the bnp , nf , bf etc. 
  are probably more hated, 
  except this so called `` ihrc '' is a self appointed group , in the uk with no mandate from every muslim to speak to them . 
  i do n't think you understand how human rights work, 
  is n't the `` islamic human rights commission '' a group that tried desperately to find an excuse for homophobia with their alternative charter on human rights ? 
  london, 
  at the risk of sounding like a kipper we do n't want them, 
  also as a secularist and a republican i do n't particularly want god to protect the monarch, 
   j\u00e8rriais is the form of the norman language spoken in jersey , in the channel islands , off the coast of france . 
  it has been in decline over the past century as english has increasingly become the language of education , commerce and administration . 
  there are very few people who speak j\u00e8rriais as a mother tongue and , owing to the age of the remaining speakers , their numbers decrease annually . 
  despite this , efforts are being made to keep the language alive . 
  i was saying its a shame if the language dies out, 
   j\u00e8rriais, 
  i know but i meant norman french is similar to jersey french ( the latter however is in decline which is a bit sad ), 
  is n't it similar to the jersey language ? 
  i do n't think its fair to call him a loyalist nazi the term would be an oxymoron since the nazis were at war against the uk at the time . 
  no , he was a british citizen who defected to the nazis and broadcast propaganda and tried to get british pows to defect to the nazis and fight in their `` free corps '' so in a way to get more people to commit treason . 
  william joyce was his real name http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lord_haw-haw, 
  well the coat of arms of the uk is still in norman french as well i.e dieu at mon droit, 
  old english was pretty different to the modern form due to the norman influence http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_english#mediaviewer/file:beowulf.firstpage.jpeg like that, 
  yes but this law has been threatened to be used on terror suspects and the like . 
  it was last used as recently as 1947 with lord haw haw, 
  just all the french discussion earlier reminded me of this, 
  well thats what happened in the 1970s referendum on the ec . 
  people never got a say on treaties like lisbon when they really should have done . 
  i think an ireland style requirement for a referendum on any new eu treaty would work well for the in crowd . 
  hypothetically if the eu became federalised and the people in the uk did n't want that but were denied a say then it could be disastrous for both parties , imagine a federation lasting a year until a ukipesc party got a majority then unilaterally declared independence from a federation . 
  it would probably destabilize the whole thing, 
   uncker said he had no intention of visiting the uk when he was running for commissioner , i doubt he 'll bother now . 
  he has an arrogant attitude , this just plays into farrage 's hands its pretty easy to paint juncker as out of touch and a eurocrat if he doesnt bother to visit parts of the eu, 
  my fear is that they have already started negative campaigning which just doesnt work it nearly caused scotland to vote yes and its even more risky with the polls this tight . 
  brown was running around comparing the uk to north korea yesterday , that is a bit stupid to be blunt . 
  most of the arguments i see are focused of `` if we leave the eu xxxx with happen and thats bad '' but there has been very little positive reasons put forwardto remain in the eu . 
  it did get obama a service station named after him, 
  is n't it the french equivalent of the commonwealth of nations, 
  arret is also anglicised in the word arrest which is a synonym for stop although its more used in the act of detaining someone although terms like arrestor gear ( something to catch an aicraft on a carrier ) are used, 
  wet chavs racist boring hypocritical, 
  splitting the moon , muhammeds visit to heaven etc. 
  some of it is just so obviously made up or convient . 
  there is a surah where muhammed is asked if allah permits his polyagamous relationships and then right after he has a `` revelation '' from god that its a-ok, 
  do i get to have eurogay eurosex in eurojail ? 
  the buraq ? 
   that has got to add atleast some credibility . 
  yes but there are also polls suggesting a majority wanting out , all these polls are very much in the sampling bias , so its hard to actually judge anything from them . 
  either side could easily win it . 
   imo i prefer it the uk 's garbage system of voting for the party logo rather than the person or their policies . 
  a person defines themselves as tory or labour or lib dem or ukip rather than looking at the actual policies those parties/mp 's want to implement . 
  this way at least people who want to vote do n't just vote blindly and they have to actually research the subject . 
  but you are still voting for a tory , labour etc. 
  i would imagine that a significant number of people have no idea how the ep works , who juncker is etc. 
   the majority of votes decides who is elected . 
  there will always be those in the electorate which are unhappy . 
  i just think the eu is slightly different in that context . 
  if you have the majority of a country unhappy then it would be risky for a politician to ignore them . 
  especially when a country would have the power to leave all together . 
  i said it back in november , juncker is exactly what ukip want , he is a god send to them . 
  if he does n't offer something to the eurosceptic lobby he could tip the balance to a uk exit . 
  the same thing happened in scotland , labour neglected the scots too much and now look at the snp, 
  yes but i just think such a treaty should have mandate from the electorate . 
  considering it was nearly identical to the failed european constitution that blair had promised a referendum on in his pledges . 
  i just think a referendum on the treaty should have happened . 
  anyway regardless a referendum would have helped that process to be honest , it was a silly decision by blair . 
  also since the lisbon treaty had some big issues ( hence why ireland rejected it first time around ) it could have been better . 
  the eu polls are very fluid . 
  i am not actually against the eu i am just pointing out that the tories are n't fans of the epp 's view of federalism and as a result left the group . 
  they are entitled to and from what i recall the grass roots also wanted that as well . 
  i do n't think juncker is doing particularly well at the moment , he has dodged questions regarding to things that happened in luxembourg when he was pm . 
  he was either involved with it or grossly ignorant of what his own government was up to !, 
   yeah , the eu has gone to shit since he took over as commission president ... right ? 
  no but greece worries me , they are already at a stalemate with the eu over it . 
   urrm , hate to burst your bubble m8 but he was elected errr not exactly , he sort of demonstrates my whole problem with the eu elections , these s&d groups , epp etc. 
  being additional parties ontop of the domestic ones . 
  it just does n't work , people do n't know what they are voting for . 
  on the election ballots there was no mention of any of these groups , the eu needs proper parties that local parties can endorse not the current system , . 
  its not exactly like the uk , the cabinet are almost always ( exception a couple of lords ) elected mps , juncker is n't a mep , but in comparison cameron is a mp . 
  i do think he is actually anti-democratic , like it or not a lot of people in europe ( not just the uk ) voted for euroskeptic parties and juncker is going on regardless , this is an example of that . 
  this is the problem with the eu politicians at the moment they are fairly detached from their electorate, 
  well i was in the air cadets and let me see : camp at usafe ramstein nijmegen marches gibraltar and cyprus in the uk - flying scholarship at leeming , camps at brize and marham the problem with the eu at the moment is the thunder which is with farage and well they are starting to fall into the negative campaigning deathtrap that better together did with the scotland referendum . 
  you are already having people like the polish ambassador saying it will be `` disastrous '' , even the norwegians and americans are saying the same ( even though they are n't even in the eu ) . 
  its very negative campaigning at the moment . 
  i ca n't see the uk acknowledging the `` ever closer union '' without a referendum to be honest . 
  blair made a crucial error in having no referendum on the lisbon treaty , things would n't be as messy if we had one ironically it was probably better the syria campaign never happened , it would probably help isis to have 1/2 of nato bombing the heck out of assad . 
  obama and hollande were wrong with that one to be honest . 
  i ca n't see the next french president being as close to the us to be honest, 
   ... how is the eu not `` stable '' exactly ? 
  the conflict of interest accross the eu , look at syria for instance , the eu could n't come to a military decision . 
  any form of unified military would probably be able to be vetoed from action by an eu country . 
  i could imagine then never being able to be deployed . 
  a politician is n't going to risk his/her career for `` france 's war '' or `` romania 's war '' by sending people 's sons/daughters to fight for europe  i agree with the unified part . 
  but that is a problem which can and is slowly being remedied . 
  an eu military could even increase the unity of europe in general . 
  i disagree , i do n't think a military can be a unifying force i am afraid . 
  you ca n't do unification that way imo . 
  it would just make people resentful and make the eu look militaristic . 
  the only thing i can think of as a unified european team is golf ...
