  we did not create these religious tensions that are rattling the region ever since mohammed died . 
  let 's not forget where the money for those religious conflicts is coming from . 
  saudi arabia and iran . 
  if it was n't for them , the conflict would have never escalated to this level . 
  i do n't have to ask myself , why he does n't want to return . 
  i know the answer already : he 'd be better off on welfare here than rebuilding the country in syria . 
  that 's the reason . 
  i could n't care less about that and it is quite frankly unfair to those millions , who stayed in syria and have to pick up the tab for those leaving . 
  and who 's going to rebuild the country when nobody is there ? 
  especially the well educated ones ( for their standards ) . 
  that is factually impossible . 
  deporting and rebuilding syria has to go hand in hand . 
  at the end asylum is only meant for temporary protection and not a tool for immigration ( even though the no nation no borders brigade loves to make it one ) . 
  it applies to everyone . 
  so basically an austrian who lived abroad can not just apply for the needs-based minimum benefit system either . 
  he has to be austrian resident for at least 5 years before that . 
  making another set of rules for eu residents would be discriminatory , which is of course forbidden . 
  factually this leads to an indirect discrimination of eu residents , as austrians will most likely always meet the criteria , but the ecj found this kind of indirect discrimination to be justified by the nature of welfare systems . 
  that is why we have to deport every single one of them , once the war is over . 
  otherwise syria is set to fail completely , if we keep the well educated ones . 
  we tried that in the past as well and those kids turned out to be even less integrated than their parents . 
  which are all pretty similar , yes , this does not apply to muslim cultures . 
  yes , it 's a failed state . 
  hell no . 
  a failed state ran by criminals . 
  no , you can very well impose limitations for permanent eu residents . 
  eg a minimum residency test is no problem at all as long as it does not result in a factual ban of eu residents . 
  well yes , but there are limits to this , as the ecj stated in a rather recent decision ( case c-67 / 14 ) . 
  you can limit social welfare for eu residents . 
  for instance you have to be resident for at least 5 years in austria to be eligible for the needs-based minimum benefit system and this is perfectly sound with eu law . 
  whilst this might be right , it is still fundamentally wrong to do it . 
  of course they are not free from blame , but we are talking about different scenarios . 
  accidentally shooting down a civil airliner is a tragedy that should be subject to heavy damages , whilst the intentional downing of an airliner would be a war crime and the perpetrators to be trialed in den haag . 
  nobody put the us seaman on trial when the accidentally downed the iranian air flight back then . 
  everybody knew it was an accident and should not have happened , but it did . 
   an accident is an undesirable incidental and unplanned event that could have been prevented had circumstances leading up to the accident been recognized , and acted upon , prior to its occurrence . 
  wiki . 
  basically exactly what happened here , but let 's not get too distracted by facts . 
  russia bad hurr durr . 
  yes , because empathy will give achmed his country back and is going to help resolve the migration problems of europe . 
  i very much disagree . 
  this is the time for rational decisions unclouded by empathy . 
  empathy started the whole mess for europe when merkel said she wo n't reject a single refugee from syria . 
  there would be stability if we were to decide assad is our man and bomb the rest . 
  you 're in favour of that i take it . 
  anyways , you 're mixing up the symptom with the real illness here and that is rooted in islam not european imperialism that has long been gone . 
  no , we did n't . 
  they just had the possibility again to go for it , whilst the ottomans supressed those conflicts with brute force . 
  now that they are gone the struggle for power is on again . 
  yes , please expain to my why their religious/ethnic issues , that predate any european colonialism in the area , is our problem . 
  shiites fighting sunnis is nothing that was started by european powers . 
  well , there you go . 
  the pro-russian rebells wanted to shoot down an ukrainian airforce transporter and a not point where their intentions to take out a civil airliner . 
  it only hurts their cause . 
  when i lose control of my car and take out an entire family in another care it is still an accident . 
  the level of tragedy does not disqualify the whole incident as an accident . 
  the social media posts of the pro-russian rebells afterwards showed just that . 
  they thought it was an ukrainian airforce transporter . 
  they of course deleted it as soon as they realised their fuck-up . 
  just take a look into the geneva convention then . 
  it says nothing about granting asylum due to war in your home country . 
  you have to be personally persecuted on the grounds of your religion , sexuality , political views or race . 
  war is no primary reason to grant asylum . 
  also this convention only covers people who fear from persecution . 
  once this persecution stops , as in you being in a safe country , you 're no longer a refugee , thus moving the whole lenght from turkey ( already a safe place ) to europe , makes you an economic migrant that is doing nothing but benefit shopping . 
   we have an obligation to help . 
  no , we absolutely do n't . 
  that is what the left wing media ( or one could also say the media as there is no alternative to it ) in germany keeps repeating , but it does n't make it any more true . 
  my country is an net contributor as well , so you do n't get to play the paymaster card with me . 
  also nato did not destabilise any of those countries . 
  there was no unilateral nato council decision to go on and do just that . 
  individual countries ( uk , france , italy , spain and usa ) did that . 
  our lack of sovereignty has absolutely nothing to do with nato , of which austria and sweden are not even members , but lets not get too distracted by facts . 
  our lack of sovereignty is due to eu law , as we can not build a fence to another schengen country , even though the fundamental premiss of schengen ( a secured external border ) is not given . 
  and how this all connects to nato is somewhat unclear . 
  nato did not cause those instabilities . 
  some nato members did . 
  russia still did not shoot down mh-17 . 
  they have no motivation to do this . 
  can we please take this one for what it is ? 
  a freaking accident over a war zone where no civil airline should have been flying in the first place . 
  how ? 
  ask the americans who were willing to start wwiii , when cuba used their right to do what they felt is right within their own borders . 
  a little less naivety would be nice . 
   i would have joined soviets then rather than nazi 's something no finn ever said . 
  well yes , a civil war ends when the society in question comes to the conclusion that it might be better to work together instead of trying to whipe the other tribe out for believing god is great instead of god is the best . 
  following that logic , we 'd have to help 90 % of the world as they are worse off then us europeans and they can not be blamed for their misery . 
  our ancestors worked their asses off to make this country a better place and not to share it with achmed , who 's parents were content with what they had . 
  this is about sharing societal achievements and i do n't see why we should share ours just because they achieved less in the last 100 years . 
  especially the british should know what it feels like to pull on one string in tough times . 
  that is how you made it through both world wars and their aftermath . 
  syrians trying to pull on the same string did not represent any majority , as pew research showed in 2012 ( iirc ) . 
  everybody just has a tiny contribution to make , but pulling on the same string makes societies great . 
  that is what distinguishes successful societies from the rest . 
  but my bottom line is `` not my problem '' , yes . 
  your parents did and their parents before . 
  it is not our problem that their parents failed at that and that we have to compensate this societal shortcoming . 
  it is very much their fault that they have n't created the foundation for a proper society , yes . 
  try the same shit in iran and you 'll have the whole country chase those foreign fighters out of the country to preserve theirs . 
  then help them , but do n't expect the rest of us to follow your social marxist agenda .
