should be white for austria as well . 
  fuck you , hans krankl !, 
  politifacts lolz : http://www.nationalreview.com/article/424039/politifacts-fact-check-misses-truth-about-iran-deal-ted-cruz, 
  how can i be of latvia when i have a full sack of potato in my kitchen ? 
  do n't worry , mate . 
  slovenia will be fine . 
  just take her with you . 
  for rich managers , yes . 
   i mean rape does happen a lot in our societies it really does n't . 
  might be different for france with your muslims , but not in austria . 
  also almost half of the accused rapists are not from austria and this does n't even take into consideration people with migration background . 
  happens on a daily basis now . 
  better get used to it . 
  1 ) as an individuall , i am under no obligation to respect human rights . 
  they are only relevant for the state-individual relationship . 
  2 ) the udhr is not legally binding . 
  it 's not even a treaty so not only is it not binding for the states , it most certainly does not grant invidiual rights . 
  3 ) if consciously or not does n't matter . 
  they are only leaving due to a lack of perspective in their homestate , which is largely caused by an unhealthy population growth . 
  unhealthy as these states can not provide the necessary jobs . 
  no , you do n't as the latter is no unchangable natural circumstance like coastlines . 
  it 's a political agreement that can be changed , as we 've seen in january . 
  you have the benefits of direct sea access , you have the disadvantages of a direct sea access . 
  it 's a matter of self-defense so we should n't be relying on their approval . 
  there 's no human right for mass migration . 
  africa and the middle east just can not export their gigantic birth surplus to europe . 
   well certainly not as much as europe stole from africa for decades . 
  stole what ? 
  resources they have no use for anyway ? 
   i do n't blame desperate people . 
  why not ? 
  i do n't want them here , no matter how much money the paid the criminal to get them to the nearest european island . 
  do n't care . 
  this has hardly anything to do with schengen , when we fail to force african nations to take their people back . 
  as i said : at the end of the day it does n't matter why you can not control your border , the result for schengen has to be the same . 
  then why are the numbers constantly dropping after macedonia closed your northern border ? 
  we had 2000 a day in january during the worst possible weather conditions making the trip to greece . 
  after the closure we now have a daily average arrival for april of roughly 180 , which is not even 10 % of what it was just three months ago . 
  and who 's going to enforce this international law ? 
  refugees can not call upon the grc directly as it is only a legal obligation between signatory states and art 72 tfeu allows member states to break eu law in emergency cases . 
  yeah , i wonder why they have n't been pouring money down the drain already before that when greece was already not capable to deal with the low number of people coming in prior last years massive influx of migrants . 
  hell , the ecj said it would be a violation of the echr to deport people back to greece . 
  you clearly can not control your borders and the reason does n't even matter . 
  may it be incompetence or factual impossibility , such a country has no place in schengen . 
  a secured external border is the conditio sine qua non for schengen . 
  it will , since nobody wants to go to greece or italy and once the benefit scroungers realise they wo n't make it past the alps , they will stop coming to greece and italy as well . 
  they fucking bombed the place . 
   you wo n't solve anything at national level . 
  watch us . 
   italy : at the beginning of the operation , as a contribution to enforce the no-fly zone , the italian government committed four tornado ecrs of the italian air force in sead operations , supported by two tornado ids variants in an air-to-air refueling role and four f-16 adf fighters as escort . 
  after the transfer of authority to nato and the decision to participate in strike air-ground operations , the italian government increased the italian contribution by adding four italian navy av-8b plus ( from giuseppe garibaldi ) , four italian air force eurofighters , four tornado idss under nato command . 
  other assets under national command participated in air patrolling and air refueling missions . 
  as of 24 march , the italian navy was engaged in operation unified protector with the light aircraft carrier giuseppe garibaldi , the maestrale-class frigate libeccio and the auxiliary ship etna . 
  additionally , the orizzonte-class destroyer andrea doria and maestrale-class frigate euro were patrolling off the sicilian coast in an air-defence role . 
  at a later stage , italy increased its contribution to the nato led mission by doubling the number of av-8b harriers and deploying an undisclosed number of amx fighter-bombers and kc-130j and kc-767a tanker planes . 
  the italian air force also deployed its mq-9a reaper uavs for real time video reconnaissance . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_military_intervention_in_libya#forces_committed  in 2011 , italian amx aircraft were employed during the 2011 military intervention in libya . 
  italian military aircraft deployed 710 guided bombs and missiles during sorties : italian air force tornados and amx fighter bombers deployed 550 bombs and missiles , while navy av-8bs deployed 160 guided bombs . 
  amx aircraft for the first time used litening iii targeting pods paired with paveway and jdam guided bombs . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amx_international_amx italy dug its own grave so they better fucking lie in it as well . 
  among them italy . 
  the enemy of my enemy ... 
  it 's a sort of semi-presidential system . 
  theoretically the president is a very powerful person , but he hardly ever uses his powers . 
  consequentially he 's also called `` sleeping giant '' . 
   done properly , this would be no less than a coup d'etat . 
  not at all , as he 'd have full legitimacy from the constitution to do just that . 
  left wingers turing a blind eye on muslim anti-semitism ? 
  no fucking way !, 
  in van der bellen we trust !, 
  took that kid out like a professional rugby player . 
  third time 's a charm , baby !, 
  we have to win at some point . 
   fransson just proved again that the ecj will apply the broadest understanding possible to the cfr . 
  that would be the logical argument to make if you take the principle of subsidiarity seriously ( which the ecj never did ) . 
  the ecj most likely will rule that dripa is affecting the british communications market , which again is part of the commonly regulated european market thus great britain was `` implementing union law '' with dripa in the sense of the cfr . 
  the ecj seriously needs to be put in his place . 
  this un-democratic expansion of its power has gone on long enough now . 
  i sure hope not . 
  do n't make [ us ] ( http://www.bhi.at/noe3.jpg ) come down there ... 
  switzerland is not a tax haven . 
  netherlands , belgium , malta , cyprus , luxemburg , liechtenstein ... those are tax havens . 
  i 've heard their vast coast line is among the best protected in the entire world . 
  of course they are holding back . 
  you do n't just give away a year of investigation in one news cycle . 
  it will gradually be published so newspapers can milk the cow a little longer . 
  ai n't his portfolio though to decide on it . 
  fm kurz is very vocal to keep the sanctions in place . 
  socks and sandals in germany then . 
  based on what ? 
  all federal tax legislation is still applicable in delaware . 
  i very much doubt that . 
  the less trust people have in their own country , the more likely people bring their money abroad . 
  employment rate is the one you 'd be looking for : https://data.oecd.org/emp/employment-rate.htm#indicator-chart usa has a higher employment rate than most eu-15 countries as well , meaning not only do they work more , they also have more people working as well . 
  yet the output per working hour is still significantly higher . 
  now put all this together and one should n't be surprised at all that the americans have a higher carbon footprint . 
  their economic activities surpass the average european by far . 
  ireland and portugal are also above the us : https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs, 
  what do n't you understand about output per working hour ? 
  some work more , some work less : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d7/oecd-yearly-average-hours-work-countries.svg also the graph i provided already is broken down to output/working hour so it does n't matter who works more .
