  taking full account of all the evidence and analysis available to me , i find that the fsb operation to kill mr litvinenko was probably approved by mr patrushev and also by president putin ''  so in essence , sir robert owen presumes professor service 's opinion in order to back up what would be legally inadmissible evidence and arrive at his conclusion . 
   ` the report 's credibility is not in doubt ' , my arse . 
  to watch the media blindly parroting ` it was probably putin ' , and demand sanctions and consequences , with no critical analysis whatsoever of the inquiry and its flimsy evidence and dubious witnesses , is an absolute joke . 
  you are not even remotely making the case for representative democracy here . 
  rather the opposite . 
  neither do most mps . 
  believing something different is highly naive . 
  god , i envy switzerland so much . 
  their political system is so much better than what we have to deal with on a daily basis . 
  loads of muslims already there and well established sharia law in the community . 
  closed borders it is then . 
  keep up the good work and who knows , maybe she could teach our public prosecutors a thing or two . 
  would be very much appreciated . 
  also let 's not pretend their culture and values are just different . 
  bs , muslim women never took to the streets of vienna ( unless somebody insulted their fucked up believes by painting their child molesting prophet ) . 
  so what ? 
  our welfare  long nothing  their welfare . 
  sorry , but i feel micro-aggressive today . 
  it is a sad fact these days that people are increasingly offended by reality , when it shatters their own ideology . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-09-16/-50-oil-puts-saudi-budget-deficit-beyond-reach-of-spending-cuts no , they ca n't . 
  not with their economy . 
  saudis get to abuse their maids in britain and kill i do n't know how many people on a daily basis and they are discussing trump because he said some things that have not been in line with our stupid pc bullshit ? 
  remember what he said about muslims ? 
  well after cologne he does n't seem to be such an asshole after all , hm ? 
  i agree . 
  the messages should be delivered by brimstones . 
  economic sanctions . 
  they always wanted to be part of russia , but this right of self-determination was blatantly denied in 1991 , when the first referendum was held . 
  that is my argument . 
  fuck the central government in kiev . 
  the will of the people of crimea is so much more important then their personal animosities they have with the russians . 
  should have been dod . 
  department of defence . 
  against the will of the people of said paninsula . 
  by now , everybody should know that crimea has absolutely no interest in being part of ukraine . 
  it never had and it was about bloody time this injustice was corrected . 
  you should rather worry about the state of your rule of law and not some territorial dispute you have absolutely no stake in . 
  and despite all this , they do n't feel like returning to ukraine . 
  should tell you an awful lot about your country and the state it is in . 
  only difference is kiev . 
  people of crimea and northern ireland feel the same . 
  and that does not include mod 's space budget , which is higher than nasa 's budget . 
  why not ? 
  this was by far the best thing about the cold war . 
  should n't they be telling white brickies how privileged they are ? 
  impose economic sanctions on turkey and you 'll see how fast the agreement works perfectly . 
  she should try to stay at least one arm length away from that guy then . 
  why is she not trialed for treason ? 
  only because our dear anna is injured . 
  [ i saw my chance and converted ice cold ] ( http://abload.de/img/4gbky9fuhu2f.gif ), 
  we ca n't even send them back to their homecountry . 
   also , i do n't fear failed integration you obviously do n't live in vienna . 
  by that you mean actual liberals , who call islam by its real name whilst the regressive left continues to the deny the existence of a comon denominator of this rape culture ? 
  funny how they also protest against racism in order not to look racist . 
  you never know with german media . 
  they make you a nazi within minutes . 
  they certainly have not been in charge of maintaining the aircrafts though . 
  maybe as assistents of an uncommissioned officer who 's in charge eventually . 
  there is no real argument to be made , why somebody who learned mechanics before getting drafted , should not work with aircrafts and other vehicles during his time at the military . 
  austria does the very same thing with its conscripts . 
  you look at their skillset and use them accordingly . 
   if the enemy is radical islam , the last thing the army needs when invading syria is a large number of noobs who need protection so they do n't walk into ieds left and right until public opinion turns against the war . 
  you think some teenager , who has 10 weeks of basic training behind him , becomes a warmachine because he had his training in a professional army instead of a conscription army ? 
   until public opinion turns against the war best argument against a professional army . 
  people are more willing to sacrifice their soldiers for unnecessary wars , when the soldiers joined the service on a voluntary basis ( or out of a economical necessity like in the case of the us military ) . 
  it is only awful because our military is drained from funds for decades now . 
  the situation would be the same with a professional army . 
  whether you consider it boring and useless ( not going to lie , it can be very boring at times , but also loads of fun ) is not the point either . 
  it is about what is best for the country . 
  no conscription army in the world has conscripts working in intelligence or as aircraft mechanics , so not really an argument against conscription . 
  we 're talking about the very fundamentals here like infantry , tank force , artillery , signal service ( the one i was in ) that can very well be done by any conscript in the world after a certain time of training . 
  it very much depends on what you want from your military . 
  if it 's foreign adventures in countries you actually have no business in , then a professional army is the way to go . 
  if you only seek to defend your homeland in case of an attack , a conscription army is more then enough and actually better as you have a bigger soldier pool to draft from . 
  especially when you complement it with a militia system like the swiss . 
  unless you joined the service as well , there is actually no way you could know that . 
  my point is that no professional army is a direct representation of its population . 
  just look at the muslims in the uk . 
  they only make up 0.5 % of of the personnel despite being 4.5 % of the pupulation ( [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/feb/06/british-army-recruit-muslims-low-number-iraq-afghanistan ) ) . 
  you can also bet your ass that the socio-economic composition of the armed forces do not represent the population in any way ( [ source 2 ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/11/03/ar2005110302528.html ) ) . 
  you do n't have this kind of problem , when everybody has to join the service . 
  source : every austrian and german , who joined the service . 
  i have no source for you , but the fp\u00d6 ( far right party ) always does very well when the staff council of the military is being elected . 
  no idea about their armies , but it certainly is the case in austria and germany for the professional part of the army ( non-commissioned officers and officers ) . 
  of course you 're getting paid . 
  not much , but you do . 
  i very well remember the referendum in austria about the abolishment of our military conscription . 
  what was funny that those who initially were the strongest proponents for its introduction ( social democrats ) have been speaking out against conscription this time and the conservatives have been in favour of it . 
  i personally am in strong favour of conscription . 
  a nation 's military should represent its citizens and a conscription army does this better than any other form of military organisation . 
  professional armies tend to attract a disproportional amount of people from the far right and i do n't trust them to do the right thing in a case of national emergency for the same reason i would n't trust left wing extremists . 
  hence  conscription . 
  too bad us natural gas wo n't be able to compete with russian gas in germany . 
  let 's write an article and remind everybody that the germans used to be nazis and are now our vassal , who has to ask for permession . 
  the usa never admitted any wrongdoings either . 
  bush explicitely stated that the crew of the uss vincennes did everything right . 
  compensation was paid 8 years later after iran took the usa to the icj . 
  so lets see how this developes further before we jump to conclusions how much better the usa handled the situation . 
  the west created jackshit . 
  the whole movement to oust assad was nothing but a religious rebellion to get rid of the alawites .
