  unless they are drowning , there is no need to safe anybody . 
  we invited them to the last western balkans summit and it showed that greece has absolutely no interest in reducing the influx , which lead to the agreement of all the other countries , not just austria , that there is absolutely no point in inviting them again . 
  problem is , the jobs those immigrants did are no longer available to the same extent , which can already be seen in the lack of integration of the 2nd and 3rd generation of those immigrants . 
  you would just intensify the creation of parallel societes that are already in place all over the country . 
  most of iraq and syria is n't either . 
  most likely some ngo wanker told him to do this . 
  apparently afghans have internal flight alternatives , but iraqis do n't . 
  this is of course complete bs , but hey , do n't expect this government to make any sense . 
  does n't change the fact that their ( especially the public broadcasters ) own content , not when they gave a dissenting opinion space , was nothing short of manipulative . 
  starting with the selection of pictures and ended with burrying stories that would n't fit their picture ( because right wing groups could use it for making their point ) . 
  they kept moving the goalposts way too much and went towards full damage control after nye . 
  the german media completely forgot what their actual job is . 
  it is not lecturing the public about what is wrong and what is right , but informing them what is actually happening . 
  and hungary rejects the legality of said decision , as do i. 
  art 78 para 3 tfeu is speaking about temporary measures , which those relocation schemes are not . 
  this is also the opinion of the european parliament 's committee on civil liberties , justice and home affairs :  [ t ] he rapporteurs are not convinced by the use of article 78 ( 3 ) as the sole legal basis for establishing a relocation mechanism [ ... ] http://www.statewatch.org/news/2015/jul/ep-working-document-migration-solidarity.pdf, 
  art 4 para 2 lit j tfeu states that it is a shared competence between eu and the member states . 
  this means that the hungarian parliament can introduce legislation in this area , which also renders the referendum legal under hungarian law . 
  no he does n't . 
  art 4 para 2 lit j tfeu states that it is a shared competence between eu and the member states . 
  this means that the hungarian parliament can introduce legislation in this matter , which also renders the referendum legal under hungarian law . 
   i generally like merkel ; she is one of the most competent and intelligent leaders in the eu . 
  based on what ? 
  she completely failed every time she had to make quick decisions costing europe billions and driving the continent apart . 
  make her speak without a script and she 'll appear like a simpleton as well . 
  this should came as little surprise . 
  in the 80s the soviets had own studies showing their complete conventional collapse against nato forces within one week . 
  it was also the reason why they shat their pants almost leading to a nuclear war during the able archer exercise . 
  today 's russia is nowhere near the capabilities back then . 
  obviously . 
  very unlikely that the european commission will allow the merger of europe 's two biggest stock exchanges . 
  for the same reason they already prohibited the deutsche b\u00f6rse / nyse euronext merger some years ago . 
   a million permanent and semi permanent residents for the past 10-15 years is nothing ? 
  source . 
  and yes , you just ca n't get your shit together . 
  the reason why so many illegal immigrants choose your country in the past is the huge informal sector where you can get employed . 
  this sector is your very own doing and after italy and spain implemented tough regulations for the african migrants ( including agreements to deport them ) , they diverted to greece , as you did nothing comparable . 
  nope , this is austrian legislation which prohibits the government from taking your fingerprints without a proper reason . 
  somebody asking for asylum would be such a reason . 
  that being said , transporting the migrants through austria is most likely illegal as well ... 
  you could have read the article ...  so austria takes digital fingerprints of everyone entering the country , checks whether they have a criminal record , but does not save the data if they want to move on to germany , which most do . 
  greece was already having systematic deficiencies to such an extent that the ecj considered them a violation of art 4 cfr . 
  at a time when the influx of migrants was literally non-existant compared to today . 
  this is not dealing with it . 
  spain and italy dealt with it . 
   we deal with this migration problem for the past 15-20 years they clearly did n't deal with it . 
   considering your point two , you 'd advocate letting thousands of people die ? 
  yes , as it is their choice to take this risk despite no longer being persecuted or facing a substantial threat to their life . 
  and most migrants do n't go to those 3000 island , but a handful closest to turkey ( lesbos , chios , samos ... ) . 
  down from i do n't know how many thousands a day . 
  would be way cheaper to build such installations at the external border between turkey and europen than getting rid of schengen altogether . 
   neither macedonia , serbia nor croatia are part of schengen . 
  implying those countries have closed their borders to migrants . 
  you can drive the trucks through scanners to see if there are people inside . 
  being done already and reduces waiting time on the border to a minimum . 
   is a step back for the whole eu project ? 
  this might just be what the eu needed . 
  scale back in areas where we clearly failed to implement proper policies instead of kicking the can further down the street . 
  i did and you 're living in a dream world far off reality . 
  the only country with a closed outer border is hungary and its working perfectly well . 
  greece is not capable to do the same thing for two reasons : 1 ) incompetence to get shit done . 
  2 ) the humanitarian understanding of its ruling class that prevents them from doing the necessary as it would most certainly mean the death of hundreds if not thousands of immigrants on the open sea . 
  3 ) as long as those external borders are nowhere secured , i am very heavily against schengen . 
  yes , it is also parallel societies formed by muslims in any country they grew over a certain number . 
  can be seen in any western european country . 
  the wall between the west and the east safed the gdr otherwise it would have collapsed in the 60s due to the huge loss in people . 
  this was stopped , once the wall came up so there is that . 
  of course you can not stop migrantion completely , but you can very well reduce it to a minimum . 
   we have a supposedly closed outer border . 
  no , we do n't . 
  did you just wake up from a coma ? 
  they let people through yes , but not millions . 
  the us-mexican border is also by far not the wonderwall our media would have us believe . 
  foreigners make up almost 50 % in crimes against other people 's properties in austria ( [ source ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/panorama/oesterreich/4743276/fremde-taeter_die-dimension-eines-tabuthemas ) ) and there have been wonderful studies ( based on actual numbers not just some asumptions ) of the government of [ denmark ] ( http://cphpost.dk/news14/national-news14/report-western-immigrants-create-profit-while-non-western-cost-society.html ) and the [ uk ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11209234/immigration-from-outside-europe-cost-120-billion.html ) , how immigration from outside the eu costs the state billions . 
   i will be standing in berlin and cheer for the bundesheer . 
  this thought makes me giggle . 
  our military is a joke . 
  the germans also did n't say a word then france closed its border to italy , but went full retard when hungary and austria did it . 
  fuck them . 
  no , we do n't . 
  you do n't see how closed borders stops the inflow of refugees ? 
  really ? 
  i did read it . 
  this is based on some unproven model economists were paid to came up with . 
  nothing but asumptions and of course they 'd let out any potential gains from reintroduced border checks , such as a shift from truck to train transport . 
  it is also very disingenuous to not include the billions safed in other fields such as cross-border crime , illigal immigration and reduced numbers of refugees . 
  yeah , right ... 
   country fell apart around him because of the arab spring and at no point did he lose the support of his people . 
  als the so called rebels have aboslutely no legitimacy from the syrian people . 
  cameron was kind of desperate , tbh . 
  you are right though . 
  i do n't want to be left alone in a union with those ever closer lunatics either . 
  remember when germany and france had meetings before every eu summit to decide on what 's going to happen and how germany diplomatically complained to the v4 states because they dared to do the same last week ? 
  would n't take any longer in austria , unless you have many expenditures you want to see deducted . 
   killing them is actually more expensive than just keeping them in prison for life . 
  chinese disagree . 
   unless you use violence . 
  it will be too late for europe , when we resort to such means . 
  he seems to have a very good understanding of how situations could develope : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60ruxcv71ic, 
  we all know austria is the ultimate authority on croissants , so stop bitching you lot .
