  giving the reasons why you 're a leach and a liablity , does n't make you less of a leach and a liability . 
  i do n't mind that at all , i was just trying to point out potential double standards . 
  so are the baltics . 
  did n't bother the brits to push for their nato membership . 
  wo n't make it past the sound barrier with full load and its engine inlets are fixed , meaning it is highly ineffecient during supersonic flight . 
  it might make it past the sound barrier under ideal conditions , but that is not what it is supposed to do . 
  totally worth it ... not . 
  the usa does n't have supersonic bombers . 
   oh wait , russia is against that for some reason ... do you know something that i do n't know ? 
  have n't heard anything in the regard for weeks . 
  also when we are at it , there should be a referendum in crimea under international observation . 
  what a bright bunch ... 
  [ you going to cry now , eu ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brmgpvjptm8 ), 
  because that is what 's being pushed into your brains through the soft spot of every baby 's head . 
  that 's exactly how it works . 
  not calling the police as a teacher could be interpreted as an failure to render assistance in an emergency situation . 
  you are partly responsible for the childrens safty as long as they 're in school so one could very well make the argument that this includes calling the police in such an incident . 
  never version : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxqurw6oahc, 
  yes , please . 
  we might just send them to your home . 
  he 's a left wing lunatic . 
  right , it is not true ... just what the rabbiner daniel alter said in a zdf zoom documentary https://youtu.be/chxjoa8wmuu?t=18m31s, 
  why not ? 
  just because he 's no longer on the battlefield and feels safe back at home , he 's still no civilian . 
  who cares about the interest-royalty directive ? 
  it was never designed to fight tax avoidance , but to prevent legal double taxation at the hand of the receiving company . 
  this is a matter of state aid as your ip-box is clearly a selective measure favouring multinational enterprises . 
  you 're country is a parasite , that is why you 're fine . 
  profits made in other european countries are artificially transfered to the netherlands with those royalty payments and you hardly tax them at all with your ip-box . 
  i 've mentioned here earlier and i 'll do it again . 
  the netherlands is the biggest enabler of tax avoidance in the entire eu . 
  this can be stopped by a 2/3 majority in the council and we should have those votes . 
  other than germany and the benelux , nobody is in favour of letting in more uneducated migrants . 
  fines , yes , we deduct them from what we pay towards brussels . 
  you already have no-go areas in germany , where jews can no longer wear their kippas . 
  yeah , what could possibly go wrong with having another million of those creating this environment . 
  `` deutschland schafft sich ab '' was not meant to be a fucking instruction . 
  that 's the idea behind closing the macedonian border . 
  nobody crosses the aegean when you know you 'd end up in greece . 
   austria can not just leave the refugees alone like `` we do n't care what happens about you '' . 
  watch us . 
  how did we cope with 100.000 last year ? 
  the influx of migrants would stop immediately once the route north is blocked . 
  lets wait and see what they do , when the ecj rules this incompatible with eu law . 
  only then will i respect our government when the tell the ecj to feck off . 
  `` you have no jurisdiction on the well-being of our nation . '', 
  just like the czech did not too long ago . 
  in contrast to our constitutional court , theirs has the balls to overturn an ecj ruling . 
  let 's also hope the german cc does the same with the ecb financing of broke countries by buying their bonds on the secondary market . 
  and how does that change highly discriminating laws ? 
  in contrast to women , men are actually systematically discriminised by law . 
  hell no . 
  [ could be worse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiyfwzvazgw ), 
  ireland has introduced many reforms to reverse their old nasty habits . 
  double non-taxation wo n't work any longer and their ip-box was abolished in 2010 . 
  france also has an ip-box regime in place , so you do n't get to point fingers that much either . 
  you came up with that idea in 2000 starting a regulatory race to the bottom . 
  that being said , luxemburg and the netherlands are in a league of their own , when it comes to tax avoidance for mnes . 
  2nd and 3rd generation immigrants from muslim societies are even less assimilated than their parents . 
  it is going the other direction and germany is doing nothing to stop it . 
  so , when is the wedding ? 
  coming from the guy , on whos watch the luxemburg tax avoidance scheme was created costing other european countries billions . 
  i very much doubt that he even knows what the right side is . 
  i wish i 'd have a comeback from this one . 
  and as such it has f-22s . 
  the only aircraft owned by nato are awacs to my knowledge . 
  nato has f-22s ? 
  not this shit again . 
  assad has by far the biggest support in syria and as of now is the head of state under international law . 
  this is why he gets to invite foreign forces and nobody else . 
  only white men are responsible for the actions of their ancestors . 
  cultural studies 101 . 
  that 's a funny statistic , considering the fact that absolutely nobody knows how many guns are lying around in austrian basements these days . 
  i 'm fapping to this one right now . 
  suicide by interrogation ? 
  true , but i still hate when this happens : http://i.imgur.com/mbr9b2g.png, 
  austria was never in the cold war . 
  so it never startet here in the first place and is the reason why we enjoyed good relationships with both sides . 
  us-provided global public goods ? 
  like what ? 
  open sea lanes ? 
  those have been open before you became a major power on the oceans already . 
  peace in the middle east ? 
  your peace policy costs us billions in welfare every year to support . 
  soviet did in fact target vienna ( they asumed we would just join nato anyway , which is not out of the world to asume . 
  i think we might have done that . 
  ) , but the usa did not . 
  there has been a report in the news not too long ago , how austria was spared by the us nuke map . 
  there was obviously no way we would have joined the warsaw pact in the case of war . 
  the greek could n't cope with an amount nowhere near those numbers in the past , which is also why the ecj ruled sending refugees back to greece a violation of art 3 of the echr . 
  that is the only country in europe for which this applies and should tell you an awful lot about the effort the greek government makes to improve the situation . 
  closing its northern border will be the best thing for greece since sliced bread . 
  no more rafting enthusiasts coming over the aegean . 
  those guys are obviously delusional . 
  there will never be a federation of european countries . 
  most certainly not with 28 countries . 
  does n't freeriding somehow contain the notion of enjoying a service with no service in return ? 
  what service is austria enjoying again ? 
  also the neutrality was a precondition for our independance after wwii , otherwise the soviets would not have ended their occupation in ' 55 .
