  having more than 10 grams with you is hardly for own consumption anymore as it is enough to roll up to 30 joints . 
  we 'll see how this turns out . 
  which is also not true . 
  it refers to art 19 para 1 narcotics act , which reads as follows :  any person who without authorisation :  a. cultivates , produces or otherwise produces narcotic substances ;  b. stores , sends , transports , imports , exports or carries in transit narcotic substances ,  c. sells or prescribes narcotic substances , or otherwise procures for such substances for another or places such substances on the market ;  d. possesses , keeps , buys , acquires or otherwise obtains narcotic substances ;  e. finances the unlawful trade in narcotic substances or arranges its financing ;  f. publicly encourages the consumption of narcotic substances or publicly announces the opportunity to acquire or consume narcotic substances ;  g. makes preparations for any of the acts mentioned in letters a-f , so one might think just from this statute that you could get deported for smoking a joint , but you have to read on in art 19b :  1 any person who prepares a negligible quantity of a narcotic for his or her own consumption or supplies a person over the age of 18 free of charge for the purpose of consuming the narcotic together at the same time does not commit an offence . 
   2 10 grams of a narcotic containing an effective concentration of cannabinoids constitutes a negligible quantity . 
  so unless you smoke more than 10 grams at once , you 'll never be deported for smoking a joint . 
  treaties regarding double taxation , yes , never about information exchange and especially not automatic information exchange . 
  ep press release : http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/news-room/20151022ipr98809/ending-eu-citizens'-bank-secrecy-in-switzerland asb is short for ? 
  says violence and threats against authorities and officers . 
  a crappy google translation . 
  it is actually abduction and false imprisonment ( freiheitsberaubung und entf\u00fchrung ), 
  where does it say in the inititive that you get deported for speeding or smoking a joint ? 
  nowhere . 
  you get deported for offenses such as financing terrorism , arson or assault . 
  in such a case you would n't be deported for the speeding offense , but due to the fact that you re-offended within 10 years . 
  speeding a second time would n't get you deported as it is not among the offenses mentioned in the inititive . 
  google translate :  the court or the prosecutor refers foreigners who are convicted of the following offenses in the area of switzerland if they have been sentenced to imprisonment or a fine legally within the last ten years since the decision : . 
  a simple assault ( article 123 of the criminal code . 
  ) , suspension , affray , assault ( article 134 of the criminal code . ), 
  ( article 127 of the criminal code . ), 
  ( article 133 of the criminal code . 
  ) ; b. trespass ( article 186 of the criminal code . ), 
  in connection with damage to property ( article 144 of the criminal code . ), 
  or theft ( article 139 paragraph 1 of the criminal code . . ) ; c. qualified misappropriation ( art . 
  2 of the criminal code ) , a commercial moderate fraudulent misuse of a data processing system ( art . 
  2 of the criminal code ) , commercial regular check and credit card abuse ( art . 
  2 of the criminal code ) , a commercial moderate usury ( art . 
  2 of the criminal code ) ; . 
  d false imprisonment and abduction ( article 183 of the criminal code . 
  ) ; e. sexual acts with children ( art . 
  1 of the criminal code ) , sexual acts with addicts ( art . 
  1 of the criminal code ) , sexual acts with anstaltspfleglingen , prisoners accused ( art . 
  192 of the criminal code ) , exploiting the plight ( art . 
  193 criminal code ) , pornography ( article 197 para 3 of the criminal code ) . . ; f. arson ( art . 
  1 and 2 of the criminal code ) , willfully causing an explosion ( art . 
  1 of the criminal code ) , risks related to explosives and toxic gases with criminal intent ( art . 
  224 criminal code ) , manufacturing , concealing , further work of explosives and toxic gases ( art . 
  226 of the criminal code ) ; . 
  g counterfeiting ( . . 
  article 240 , section 1 of the criminal code ) , money distorted ( art 241 para 1 of the criminal code . . ) ; h. public incitement to crime or violence ( art . 
  259 criminal code ) , participation in or support of a criminal organization ( art . 
  260ter stgb ) , endangering public safety with weapons ( art . 
  260quater criminal code ) , financing of terrorism ( art . 
  260quinquies criminal code ) ; . 
  i violence and threats against authorities and officers ( art . 
  285 of the criminal code ) , referral break ( article 291 of the criminal code . 
  ) ; j. false accusation ( article 303 paragraph 1 of the criminal code . . ) , qualified money laundering , false testimony , false opinion , wrong translation ( article 305 bis paragraph 2 of the criminal code . . ) ( article 307 , section 1 and 2 of the criminal code . . ) ; . 
  k intentional offense against article 115 , paragraphs 1 and 2 , 116 paragraph 3 or 118 , paragraph 3 of the aliens act of 16 december 2005 [ 4 ] ; l. offense against article 19 , paragraph 1 or 20 , paragraph 1 betmg . 
  https://www.svp.ch/kampagnen/uebersicht/durchsetzungsinitiative/initiativtext/#kampagnesubnav so you 've been caught speeding ? 
  better do n't commit any of those crimes and this is not unfair in any way . 
  they just signed a tax treaty with the eu implementing automatic exchange of information on bank accounts . 
  so there 's that argument . 
  how so ? 
  the ceasefire does not extent to isis . 
  so mission accomplished , isis defeated ? 
  russia buying gold like crazy should also drive prices up . 
  yes , please . 
  mankind needs new frontiers in outer space . 
  absolutely adore romania 's dedication to fight corruption at the highest levels . 
  keep it up and make the country better for everybody . 
  you would n't believe how fast the intentional drowning would stop . 
  i absolutely adored romanian sarmale dishes , when i was there two years ago . 
  feels  reals . 
  that is how . 
  as i said earlier . 
  let them drown . 
  europe will not be extorted by suicide threats . 
  then let them drown and make a point that europe will not be extorted . 
  nobody cares about un law . 
  like those iraqis , who are already traveling back in the thousands because germany failed to meet their expectations . 
  yes , they have been driven out of the country by force and bombs ... 
  should we also do the same thing with frauds that cheat their way into a currency union , causing them to completely fold as they have been living beyond their means for decades and costing the whole continent hundreds of billions to safe their asses ? 
  you 're in no position to question anybody 's solidarity . 
  use tear gas until they puke their guts . 
  that will make them turn around . 
  this is a hostile invasion and should be treated as such . 
  they are losing to a bunch of guys in sandals right now . 
  they are pathetic . 
  which is also why the west had to intervene in the 90s otherwise iraq would have ripped them to pieces . 
  have you never seen a boat being pushed by another one ? 
  use small fast attack crafts and nobody sinks from the pushing back . 
  here 's the list how eu supported the northern states , who really get to pick up the tab :, 
  this got nothing to do with hypocrisy . 
  this is a fact . 
  if everybody in the eu would do as much as austria , we would n't have a problem at all , so stop blaming us for self-defence . 
  we wo n't victimise our country to resuce other people from their economic misery . 
  this includes greece . 
  nope , in that case take them aboard and transport them to a detention centre . 
  but only those who are actually sinking and not everybody as it is the case now . 
  not everybody in a boat between turkey and lesbos is drowning . 
  actually only a very small percentage is drowning . 
  guess what , the by far biggest chunk is not drowning otherwise we would n't have closed the northern border of greece . 
  small ass ships can be pushed back with big ass ships . 
  you do n't have to enter their waters for this . 
  just do n't let them ashore . 
  left wing migration policy at work . 
  they can always turn back . 
  and , yes i am ready to do this as it would save lives eventually , once the influx stops as there is no way you 'd make it north . 
  but first and foremost it would save our welfare state , which i value far above all the economic migrants risking their lives . 
  push them back .
