  can we all please stop pretending that greece is somewhat the victim ? 
  its list of fundamental screw ups is endless and time after time europe gets to pick up the slack . 
  it costs austria billions to provide for all those `` refugees '' and nobody is helping us . 
  greece needs to get its act together . 
  half a billion in eu funds has already been granted for greece to deal with the situation . 
  now deal with it . 
  hot spots would be a start . 
  not a single one has been created ever since the invasion started . 
   the migrants dont care what politicians say , they only care about what happens . 
  which is why closing its northern border will significantly reduce the influx from turkey . 
   hate to say it but i think your politicians care a lot more about themselves than about greece . 
  must be weird for a german . 
  politicians looking out for the indigenous population . 
   merkel might be a naive moron , but orban is just a selfish populist . 
  of course he is . 
  that is why he was voted into office . 
  to look out for hungary . 
  if germany wants even more muslim ghettos over its country , just keep doing what you 're doing . 
  i know , making greece live up to the obligations it signed up for is not very solidary . 
  we do n't have to . 
  we have no obligation towards any allies to have a proper defense . 
  they 're still freeloading on nato capabilities , which makes them a liability . 
  so you do n't expect nato to join you , when russia comes knocking ? 
  alright . 
   your country only has about 15 jets , not much of and air force either which is 15 air-superiority fighters estonia does not have and we are not freeloading on others to fight our battles as you do with nato . 
  what about the baltic fleet ? 
  you have no navy either to close that bottle neck meaning you bring nothing to the table here . 
  if nato wants to close the baltics for russia , they 'll do it with danish , norwegian and german ships . 
  this is nothing personal . 
  estonia brings nothing to the table for nato . 
  you do n't even have an airforce . 
  turkey on the other hand is waging war against a foreign government and is on the brink of pulling nato into a war situation with russia . 
  both are liabilities in different ways though . 
  it it was n't for foreign fighters and foreign support of them , assad would have never lost control of the country to such an extent . 
  just like estonia , it is nothing but a liability . 
  no article 5 imo . 
  fuck them up for good , mr putin . 
  no , it is actually not that complicated . 
  well how about greece getting its act together just once ? 
  where are the hotspots that are being promised for months now ? 
  not a single one has been created thus far . 
  the greek love to pin their own incompetence on a lack of solidarity from northern europe . 
  on chios for instance , they only had two out of four working registration machines and those working were pointless as there was no internet connection . 
  on samos only one of the two machines could be used since one of the civil servants was absent ... this list is basically endless . 
  translates into nato begging russia to stop kicking their ` moderate ' friends arses . 
  this makes me hate berlin . 
  the only posh accent in german would come from vienna , yes , but it is `` sch\u00f6nbrunner deutsch '' spoken by very few people these days . 
  otto habsburg would be a prime example of this accent : https://youtu.be/t_ftcovdpcs?t=1m31s, 
  she 's part of the protestant wing . 
  csu are the catholics . 
  no , this would not be the case . 
  it would only prevent ( american ) companies incorporated in ireland from escaping taxation by having its effective management in the usa . 
  thereby ireland does not consider the company irish ( they aim at the place of effective management until 2020 ) and the usa does n't consider it an tax subject either ( aiming at the point of incorporation ) . 
  also most double taxation agreements have rules on conflict of laws , when which state the has the right of taxation . 
  dta austria usa art 4 sec 3  where by reason of the provisions of paragraph 1 a company is a resident of both contracting states , then if it is created under the laws of a contracting state or a political subdivision thereof it shall be deemed to be a resident of that state . 
  source : https://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-trty/austria.pdf, 
  for one the us could start by changing its tax residency test to a place of effective management approach , thereby removing the loophole with ireland . 
  nuclear weapons prevented many wars and ended the biggest in history . 
  fact . 
  one icbm and it is unblocked again . 
  what kind of fear mongering bs is this again ? 
  is this coordinated with the bbc ? 
   the strategy , in short , states that russia would respond to any conventional war ** which challenges its statehood ** with some number of limited and strategic nuclear strikes . 
  this sounds very reasonable . 
  did they use the same made up methodology they used to calculate the wealth distribution worldwide ? 
   tax evasion of course ... 
  tax fraud and tax avoidance are two completely different things . 
  tax avoidance is the big problems , where multi nationals save billions in taxes . 
  the us does nothing to fight tax avoidance . 
  sanctions including not shaking hands at summits , yes . 
  that brought austria to its knees . 
  actually this whole mess was nothing short of embarrassing for the eu . 
  because the very creator of the term , joseph nye , has acknowledged the weaknesses of his approach . 
  soft power will never be successful in a cultural and societal environment that does not share our liberal values . 
  therefore everything we might consider soft power does not translate into actual power outside the western hemisphere . 
  consequently more soft power from taking in an uncontrolled amount of refugees will rather be seen as the absence of power ( you ca n't even control your own country , why should i listen to you ? 
  soft power is a term made up to compensate for the lack of actual power . 
  nobody gives a damn about soft power . 
  especially not on the international stage . 
  idiots will just keep voting cdu . 
  50 billion euros until 2017 . 
  there goes your statistics . 
  no , it was n't . 
  at that time many rapes have been reported and this case was the only one being refuted so far . 
  he 's directly calling munich now . 
  berlin is no longer in charge , which would be better for the whole continent anyway . 
  report it  say it was bullshit afterwards . 
  problem solved . 
  at no time did you try to manipulate the public and reported the facts as they have been know to you at the time . 
  this !, 
  so this is never going to happen . 
  the amount of children very much guarantees that they wo n't get a lot wealthier in the future . 
  when someone retires in europe , you have one person replacing him . 
  when someone in africa retires , you have 10 people batteling for this one spot . 
  it is a vicious cycle . 
  woulda coulda shoulda . 
  you 'd be surprised what is possible when strache is breathing down the neck of the sp\u00d6vp unity party . 
  i thought part of slovenia was going to be incorporated into styria again . 
  still good news , nevertheless . 
  is this a fucking joke ?
