  for all the recorded history , europe has been at with with each other , so i have absolutely no idea what your on about . 
  i personally would never even dream about going to war for lets say estonia or portugal . 
  why should i do that ? 
  because our elites felt we 're allies now ? 
  you forget the fundamental nature of the eu as well . 
  it is no military alliance , but a deeply integrated trading block . 
  my country would have never joined a military alliance . 
  the russians did jackshit in chechnya until the rebells started their ethnic cleansing of russians and all the other minorities . 
  that was even too much for the western puppet jelzin . 
  blaming russia for syria is also bold and shows your real intentions as an anti-russian troll . 
  syria is the direct result of western politics from afghanistan ( both wars ) to iraq and libya . 
  russia had absolutely nothing to do with isis and all the other terrorist organisation getting a hold on that region . 
  perfect fit then . 
  yeah , what a big fucking loss this one was for the world that the is could not be established in chechnya during that period . 
  ethnic cleansing also does n't seem to bother you , when your arguing against anything russian . 
   if the us truly stayed home ( which was my counter-factual point ) , there 's not a chance that germany would stand up militarily - and die - for estonia . 
  fair enough . 
  the german people never had a say in whether they want their sons to die on the battlefield for other countries and they would most likely reject it overwhelmingly . 
  the russians wanted this security cooperation long before all that happened what you just mentioned . 
  step by step they came to the conclusion that the west has no interest in cooperation amongst partners . 
  this is also why the putin of his first term was a completely different putin to the current one . 
  i also should mention that the bombing of belgrade , pretty much made every russian hate the west , making it rather easy for putin to follow the current path against the west . 
  whatever floats your boat . 
  this is exactly what german politicians mean when they talk about the west 's inability to stop winning after the cold war . 
  just keep pushing the bear until it bites and then you 're all surprised that it did and relieved at the same time as you now have proof that the bear is still the same old bear and dangerous . 
   russia demands power in europe disproportionate to its actual economic , cultural and military power . 
  so does every country in ee and germany ( military wise ) and we still treat them as partners . 
  you absolutely missed the point of what i said , btw . 
  until we do n't change our policies , you 're right . 
  those rules are about to change though otherwise the eu will cease to exists within years . 
  i wo n't be going into every single argument he made , as i can not be arsed to find the time for this , but i will go into this one :  in fact , the west has done its utmost to ensure that russia would view the enlargement of nato and the european union not as threat , but rather as the natural extension of europe 's political unification . 
  that is why , for instance , nato created the nato -- russia council , and washington and european capitals alike pushed for russian membership in the world trade organization . 
  this is just bs . 
  the west has totally rejected every proposal made by russia with regards to how a common security policy could look like after 1991 . 
  the answer was always , we have nato no need for anything else . 
  there was the sencere propasal of a security umbrella from lisbon to vladivostok . 
  rejected straight away . 
  the nato-russia council was nothing but an institution , where russia was informed about the next steps of the west . 
  it was never consultation , as one would expect among partners , but informing . 
  canceling the abm treaty with russia also massively improved relations and the followed installation of abms in ee to counter an invisible threat from iran . 
  germans know this , especially since they promised the russians not to station nato troops in eastern germany . 
  of course russia assumed this would logically also extent to other former warsaw pact countries as well . 
  no , europe needs to start minding its own business . 
  we do n't owe anything to anyone . 
  the issuer would not be able to issue ( to the same conditions ) on the primary market if it was n't for the ecb buying them on the secondary market . 
  i do n't care for their reasons as they do n't matter at the end of the day . 
  europe can not accept a mass influx of uneducated masses ( that is what they are under european labour market standards ) without sacrificing its own welfare . 
  there i am not even starting to go into the argument with regards to the fundamental incompatibilities of european and muslim societies ( we saw this already before the latest invasion started ) . 
  sorry , when it comes down to them or us , it will always be us for me . 
  so we should accept everybody into our welfare system that is living in unpleasant conditions ? 
  that is impossible . 
  also every `` refugee '' coming to europe is a migrant . 
  if it is security you are looking for , there are many alternatives where you do n't have to risk your life in order to get into said area . 
  once you arrive in turkey , you are in safety . 
  moving further has only one reason those are of an economic nature . 
   he is a member of the young atlanticist working group of the atlantic council of the united states and the young foreign policy working group of the konrad-adenauer-foundation . 
  would have safed me a lot of time , had i just read this before . 
  so why are most migrants not even from syria then ? 
  welfare shopping . 
  and i want the ecb to stop funding broke countries on the secondary market , which is clearly a violation of the treaties , but hey , out of a sudden the ecj does not longer base its decision on the effects doctrine , but has a literal understanding of the statute ... 
  guess we 're both in for a disappointment . 
  how does this make you feel , latvia ? 
  it is not . 
  nobody stays in greece . 
  dumping ground is in the northern welfare states . 
  leave the club then . 
  would be for the best of all anyway . 
  well , here 's a german report on what eu employees had to report on poor little greece : http://www.welt.de/politik/ausland/article151764394/bei-grenzkontrollen-versagt-griechenland-auf-ganzer-linie.html this is sheer incompetence and nothing else . 
  try 12.3 billion over the next 4 years . 
  that is how much austria will have to come up with . 
  so cry me a river over those 600 million . 
  you 're actually getting support . 
  ah , the notorious hungarian police state . 
   the patrols by the coastguard ? 
  free a joke compared to what other countries have to pay . 
   the cost of processing them and giving them papers to travel ? 
  free equipment given for free by the eu . 
  yet , they manage to fuck this one up as well . 
  on chios for instance , they only had two out of four working registration machines and those working were pointless as there was no internet connection . 
  on samos only one of the two machines could be used since one of the civil servants was absent ... this list is basically endless . 
   the costs of feeding them and moving them to temporary camps ? 
  free the camps that so substandard , that the ecj deemed the unworthy any human being . 
  great job once again . 
   the cost of having the international railway system blocked for days by migrants in northern greece ? 
  inexistant that is actually a financial relieve for greece . 
  they railway is so ineffective that it accumulates almost $ 4m in debt every day . 
  also try having this one blocked for weeks as it is the case between germany and austria and austria and hungary . 
  those are actually relevant in comparison to the greek connections with their handful trains a day . 
   shit everything is free in greece or so they think . 
  what 's unfair about it ? 
  greece has literally no financial burden that exceeds transporting the migrants to the northern border . 
  nobody asks for asylum there . 
  it was set aside in the 2015-2020 budget so part of it was already paid out in 2015 . 
  italy and greece never had to shoulder the costs for the refugees . 
  what italy and greece did was fishing them out of the water and send them on their way ( a clear violation of schengen , btw ) and the northern countries ( austria , germany and sweden ) had to pick up the bill . 
  mare nostrum was no frontex mission . 
  operation triton is , which followed after italy stopped fishing refugess out of the water . 
  the budget for this operation is more than 100 million euros and is supported by many ships from other countries like the uk . 
  so do n't give me this , they are left to hang out to dry argument . 
  they are clearly not .
