  the answer is of course no . 
  europe can feed itself and provide the necessary jobs for the number of people living here , whilst the same thing can not even remotely be said about africa . 
  also europe is n't growing anymore . 
  it is only due to immigration ( among others from africa ) that europe 's population is still growing . 
  just because it has supporters from the other side as well , does n't make it less of a left wing wet dream . 
  and they will reject it overwhelmingly . 
  swiss do n't react well to leftist social experiments . 
   pay tax to european governments rofl . 
  until the csu grows some balls , she 's fine . 
  no other western society has the same level of self-hatred though . 
  but the world will view them as nice people and that is all that matters . 
   `` greece has surpassed itself in order to keep its obligations , '' said government spokeswoman olga gerovasili . 
  oh yeah , is that the reason why the ecj stated it is inhuman to deport refugees to greece due to the conditions for them already years ago before this whole mess started . 
  if greece could just do its homework once , that would be very nice . 
  not just surpass itself , as if that would be a very high fence to jump ... 
  and you did n't sense something like this might happen ? 
  weird . 
  well , germans sense very well that they are being fucked over by the political ruling class and this wo n't change any day soon , due to the inherited guilt they keep telling themselves they still have . 
  pretty sure it is no indictment . 
  no police on earth can indict people ( at least not in developed legal systems ) . 
  that 's the job of a public prosecutor or a grand jury in the case of the usa . 
  the french rafale also has a peacetime availability of 33 % . 
  does n't mean anything as the readiness in combat was 100 % in the last conflicts . 
  turkey is n't an external boarder either and you want them to do the dirty job for you , which you are very well aware that needs to be done . 
  here croatia , do the job we can not do because of morals and wwii . 
  he 's a troll with an obvious agenda . 
  do n't bother . 
  at some point you 'd be well advised to just accept that you are wrong and do n't go on digging an even deeper grave . 
  russian technology is on the forefront of development especially when it comes to military hardware . 
  the electronics used in military hardware is decades behind state-of-the-art household electronics for reliability reasons . 
  the computer i am working on right now is putting the processing capabilities of the f-22 to shame . 
  the common integrate processor ( cip ) of the f-22 can do up to 2 billion instructions per second , whilst my processor on the pc can do over 150 billion instrucions per second . 
  military electronics are not that high tech , as you 'd have me believe . 
  russia produces its own cips for its fighter aircraft , so you can be certain they are also capable to produce less complicated sensors for a targeting pod . 
  a technology the have started to master decades ago . 
  at that time the sidewinder was even more state of the art than the thales target pod . 
  it was unique and not done before in contrast to target pods . 
  btw : according to bloomberg russia is the 12th most innovative country on earth : http://assets.bwbx.io/images/io_jp34m9noi/v1/-1x-1.jpg http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-19/these-are-the-world-s-most-innovative-economies you seem to have an agenda . 
  for the same reason aim-120 missiles are not as good as the new meteors . 
  sometimes another company/country has the better solution , which does not mean the first country could n't produce the missile themself once they have the technology . 
  russia did a 1:1 copy of the sidewinder as well , without producing a similar missiles before . 
  it is certainly possible . 
  which is why the russian do n't just assamble ( that wouldn ` be licensing ) , but produce the pods . 
  russia has been producing targeting pods for decades . 
  they have the production capabilities , but the thales product was simply better in trials against their russian equivalents from uomz . 
  why would you desire licensing the production rights , when you do n't have the industrial capabilities to manufacture the product in the first place ? 
  this would n't make any sense . 
  the very nature of licensing is that russia already produces them and pays thales for the rights . 
  very true and russia will most likely struggle more than the us did back then , since funding is not even remotely on the same level . 
   modernizing with what ? 
      the only modern fighter in russia 's inventory is the su-34 introduced in march 2014 . 
  and the only reason for its level of precision is the french built thales democles pod purchased by russia in 2012 to be fitted in the su-34 . 
  and now that is under the export ban . 
  built under russian license , meaning the technology is already transfered to the country . 
  on the other hand su-35 avionics are provided by mrpc avionica , a russian company and not from thales or any other western company . 
  the only real problem russia has in this regard is naval construction and gas turbines for their new surface ships . 
   what maturity ? 
  the tank relies everything on electronic sensors . 
  sensors that were to be imported . 
  a blind tank is a useless tank . 
  which sensors are imported because they are not to my knowledge . 
  who 's we ? 
  we knew about the sentiment of muslim migrants for years . 
  drone strikes are nothing but extrajudicial killings as well and the uk does it . 
   the eurofighter ca n't even be used on an aircraft-carrier . 
  now the brits have to shell out a shitload of cash to buy f-35 so their future carriers actually have aircrafts to carry . 
  the rafale is also just a half-arsed solution with no folding wings , significantly reducing every carriers capabilities . 
  that 's cute . 
  once the british government is held accountable for killings abroad , we can discuss the same accountability for foreign governments . 
  reciprocity is the most important pricinple in international law . 
  i do n't know what happened , but litvinenko himself accused all sorts of people and not just the russian authorities . 
  that being said , i could n't care less when a tripple agent is being assassinated . 
  that 's an occupational hazard . 
  this however is downplayed by the report as not plausible , because they `` have been friends '' : `` mr litvinenko accused mr scaramella of poisoning him from the day he first fell ill : as the italian told me , his name was all over russian and chechen websites as the main suspect in the poisoning of the former fsb agent long before the story hit the british press . 
  mr litvinenko retained his suspicion right up to his death . 
  speaking of the itsu meeting , he said : `` mario did n't want anything , he gave me the email printouts ... 
  i said to myself , he could have sent these emails by computer . 
  but instead he wanted to come and give them to me in person : why , and why in such a hurry ? 
  he was very nervous . '', 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/the-litvinenko-murder-scaramella-the-italian-connection-426827.html why is this fact not even mentioned in the report ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk/2006/nov/28/russia.politics litvinenko was blackmailing berezovsky . 
  yeah , sorry that i have absolutely no trust in these agencies , especially when the evidence is secret for the same reason i would n't trust the fsb . 
  pretty much this from the comment section :  so ` the report 's credibility is not in doubt ' , according to the guardian . 
  for anyone interested in making up their own mind about its credibility , and assertion that litvinenkos poisoning was ` probably approved ' by putin , i highly recommend that you read chapter 12 , `` russian state responsibility -- involvement of nikolai patrushev and president vladimir putin '' . 
  it 's a laugh a minute . 
   in this chapter sir robert owen sets about trying to show that his previous conclusion , the ` probable ' involvement of the fsb , was ` probably ' approved by putin . 
  and here 's the sum total of the ` evidence ' he presents ...  1 . 
  litvineko said it must have been approved by putin . 
  yuri shvets , the ex kgb major in exile since 1994 after revealing kgb secrets , claims putin must have approved it because a kgb agent would always `` cover his back '' . 
  alexander goldfarb , the long time associate of berezovsky and litvinenko who last visited russia in 2000 , gives several bits of laughable ` evidence ' - putin must have approved because it was goldfarb 's ` guess ' that only putin could authorise the transfer of polonium to the fsb . 
  putin must have approved because litvinenko and putin had ` personal ' animosity . 
  putin must have approved because goldfarb read a us wikileaks cable that was of same opinion . 
  putin must have approved because goldfarb saw putin on tv saying that the crimea annexation worked smoothly because he had micromanaged it - herefore he must have micromanaged this too . 
   i kid you not ; this is the ` evidence ' of putin 's involvement presented in the report . 
   sir robert owen actually admits that in a court of law these opinions would be inadmissible as they were not ` independent expert witnesses ' or ` could claim to be impartial observers ' . 
  but even though he admits this , he does n't reject them as being ` without value ' , claiming evidence from an independent witness backs them up . 
   the problem is that the independent witness , professor service , does n't back them up . 
  he merely says that if it was the fsb , then it 's inconceivable that patrushev , the fsb boss , would n't have known ; but that actually ` there is no available evidence for how much initiative was left to patrushev in the fsb ' . 
  he at no point asserts that putin must have approved . 
   no matter , sir robert owen clearly has an agenda and so he concludes :  `` drawing on the logic of his analysis relating to other matters , it appears to me that professor service 's view on this issue is that mr patrushev probably would have told president putin about such an operation ...
