  of course they do , but this does not include a right to join nato . 
  the latter could have rejected their membership withouth touching anyone 's sovereignty . 
  the problem is not those countries , but broken promises by nato . 
  the su could nave prevented the german re-unification ( what the french and british never really wanted anyway ) , but they did n't under the premise that nato would n't expand eastwards . 
  there is also no dose of smoking that could be considered non-poisonous in stark contrast to alcohol . 
  a glass of wine a day does n't do you any harm as long as you have 1-2 days without wine per week . 
  it really is n't . 
  not the longest rail tunnel . 
  that would be line 3 of the guangzhou metro with roughly 60 km . 
  might as well mention that she 's a nazi who left the ordinary army to fight with the nazi battalion . 
  we know that for years already . 
  that is also why putin always stated he 'd rather fight them in syria then in russia . 
  bombing your own country might now go so well with the populace , whilst bombing them abroad is boosting your approval rating . 
  1 ) coloured people does n't make any sense . 
  who would that be ? 
  we are all some sort of colour . 
  2 ) white eastern europeans can not make up for the identity change of the area . 
  is it pegida officials or some people posting shit on pegida 's web presence ? 
  the difference would be quite big . 
  as well . 
  europeans have a very weird understanding of free speech . 
  hurting someone 's feelings should never be a matter of criminal law . 
  would be political suicide and they might as well just hand over the keys for the federal chancellery to the fp\u00d6 . 
  not going to happen . 
  germany by a country mile . 
  only on state level . 
  never was directly elected on federal level . 
   the country suffered intensifly that is just bullshit . 
  they left behind a country with one of the strongest economies in all of europe . 
  pension reform , an attractive business place was all part of their government as well . 
  i do n't see how that would have been any worse to what we have right now . 
  russians invading ? 
  hardly going to happen especially since self-determination is ius cogens under international law so it can not be circumvented . 
  that is always what happens when a external force is trying to interfere with local matters . 
  it will unite them even more . 
  same happend the last time when the eu imposed `` sanctions '' on austria because we dared to form a government without the sp\u00d6 . 
   irresponsibly lent to the greek elite voted into power by the people decade after decade . 
  you always get the politicians you deserve . 
  stop making greece the victim when they are the ones who lived above their means for decades and they have been the ones dodging taxes like no other country in the eu . 
  bailout for greece so far was 240 billions . 
  germany received about 110 billions after ww2 not including the trillions worth of knowledge taken from them in operation paper clip . 
  you are basically just agreeing with me that one was a great investment by the americans and the other one is kicking a can down the road as greece is neither an industrial powerhouse , highly skilled and does n't have the right attitude to rebuild a country . 
  well , germany was bankrupt in 1945 , so there is that . 
  and the amount germany received in marshall funds was not even half as much as greece ( a country 1/8 the size of germany ) did so far . 
  furthermore , germany was an industrial powerhouse with the necessary know-how , skills and attitude to rebuild a war damaged economy . 
  they also introduced a new currency in 1948 to get back on track . 
  need to work on your whataboutism , mate !, 
  which is why greece should have been left to die ( and what the imf wanted to do ) . 
  no point in saving a corpse . 
  complete restart outside the eurozone . 
  11 january 2007 . 
  that was the last time the far right was in power in austria . 
  no wonder . 
  in some parts of berlin , you can no longer wear a kippa without the risk of getting beaten up by muslims : http://www.juedische-allgemeine.de/article/view/id/13919, 
  first the esc , now this . 
  not your week . 
  [ post incident interview with the venezuelan lawmaker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiyfwzvazgw ), 
  [ o m g ] ( https://youtu.be/rgv_vzun0oo?t=5s ), 
  i actually meant that they should hold the gun to erdogans chest if he dares to send refugees accross the aegean . 
  60 % of their foreign trade is with the eu . 
  of course they should be compensated financially , but that 's about it . 
  no visa-free regime , no new accession chapters ... 
   guilty by association they should do the same with all the fuckers joining isis . 
  no matter what your position was in the organisation , you should be charged with aiding and abetting mass murder . 
  we should have the meeting without them then . 
  i mean the muslims , not the gays . 
  it is not like they could contribute something meaningful to the topic anyway . 
  we take it for free , use the energy to pump water up the mountain to fill our storage power plants and sell it as expensive peak current back to germany . 
  this praetorian guard will decide on russia 's leader after putin as well ? 
  there was a bear in southern austria some years ago . 
  we shot him . 
  so no shitting in our woods . 
  nope , this law is in effect since 1967 and has not been revoked ever since . 
  according to sec . 
  8a motor vehicles act , vehicles of the class m1 ( ordinary passenger vehicles with 4 wheels ) are not allowed to drive in snowy conditions from 1 november till 15 april unless all 4 wheels are equipped . 
  you can also use normal tyres with snow chains if the entire road is covered by a snow layer . 
  i never said anything to the contrary . 
   bit difficult to build an organisation otherwise . 
  which is why people should be asked in the first place to prevent all-or-nothing decisions in future . 
  there would definitely be no referendum in the uk , if the people had a say about the eu ever since they joined . 
  so why not have referendums on every treaty change then , if that is truely the case ? 
   you have referendums to join , and on many treaties . 
  1 ) yes , we had a referendum to join the ec . 
  2 ) we had no referendum about amsterdam , nice and lisbon . 
  take germany as an example , who never had a referendum on anything or the lisbon treaty were the people of europe have n't been asked ( yes , the irish were asked , but they had to vote until the result was right ) . 
   you have elections for national governments however often , who control the european council ( and where smaller countries have a bonus to their voting share ) . 
  as i said before , once the consent is given to a treaty , you can not undo this unless you are willing to leave the union altogether . 
  if i do n't want certain competences handed to the eu , the council and the parliament are not an argument either , as they have no say in this matter . 
  all nice and well , but it is very hard to argue that this eu has a mandate from the european people . 
  it has a mandate from the national parliaments , but the people never gave their blessing for continuous integration , which also meant they were constantly stripped off the right to have a direct say on many issues via national elections . 
  you can vote a government out of office that has given its consent to a treaty change , but you can not undo the treaty change , as you 'd have to leave the eu for this to happen ( especially for the smaller member states ) . 
  people do n't really seem to understand the implications for eu wide licensing . 
  if you have to buy the license for the entire eu ( a gigantic 500m market ) , they 'd get ridiculously expensive and kill every start up trying to compete with the big dogs straight away . 
  on that we can agree . 
  well yes , but also impossible to implement ( what are you going to do with all the running license agreements ? ), 
  and the big companies would benefit the most from it . 
  say you are a tiny media company from slovenia and you 'd have to compete with the german giant axel springer se for the eu license to show whatever it is you want to show . 
  the small company would not have the money to buy the license for the entire eu and also no need for such a broad license as they do not operate all across the continent . 
  they are not , but you never see them protesting outside saudi arabian or afghan embassies for financing terrorist organisations . 
   yelp said that u.s. rivals have been a driving force behind the eu action .
