  who 's we ? 
  all the countries being flooded with uneducated young men ( austria , germany , sweden ) certainly had nothing to do with their country collapsing once again . 
  neither did the czechs for that matter . 
  and how is this our problem again that they failed to create their own society ? 
   during ww2 , when a country was occupied by germany , nobody would join army in that country ofcourse so the russians fighting the soviets on the german side never happened ? 
  should n't have gone there in the first place . 
  there are so many nice countries on this planet , no need to go to islamic hell holes . 
  they really do n't . 
  why would spain get rid of the britons ? 
  they bring money . 
   `` when anyone asks our nationality , we are always saying we are european . '', 
  sandra also does n't seem to understand what a nationality is . 
   germans get richer they really do n't . 
  especially now with the ridiculous amount of debt created by the refugee policy . 
  not really . 
  the so called ordinary legislative procedure is applicable to foreign aid , meaning 2/3 of the votes in the council are enough to pass new legislation . 
  worked in europe and japan after ww2 . 
  about bloody time . 
  works perfectly fine , yes . 
  lolz http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/05/refugees-eu-resettles-tiny-number-pledged-target-four-months http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/mar/04/eu-refugee-relocation-scheme-inadequate-will-continue-to-fail, 
  relocating them accross europe does n't work . 
  did you just awake from a coma ? 
  and do n't pretend the migrants would randomly select islands in the aegean , when it is a couple of island they go to . 
  what solution ? 
  the one where you would be responsible for all the applications as you are the first country they entered eu territory and you failed to live up to those obligations for over a decade now ? 
  there is no other solution than the one presented by kurz . 
  everything else will not find the necessary majority in the council . 
  poor greece , always the victim . 
  obviously , yes . 
  well , yes , since those independent organisations are nothing but illegal migration enablers . 
  and you should keep doing it . 
  china can fuck off as their territorial claims are just ridiculous . 
  we should assist the other countries in the region with all the help available to deal with the bully . 
  napalm bomb the place already . 
  do what you want . 
  i am only telling you the reality . 
  nope , because we will defend our borders and you wo n't . 
  ergo they 'll pile up in greece . 
  so you have the possibility to set this up in an orderly fashion with processing centres at those islands ( including the support of the eu to send them back or distribute those who were granted asylum ) or be left alone with them . 
  1 ) eugen freund is an idiot who can not word a straight sentence in an interview . 
  he 's also extremly out of touch and once guessed the average income of a blue-collar worker to be over $ 3000 . 
  2 ) if it was n't for faymann taking the `` reactionary '' line , there would now be a fp\u00d6 president , who most likely would have fired the government and dissolved parliament afterwards . 
  he was n't pushed out of office due to this stance , but flip-flopping . 
  if he would have adopted the tought stance from the beginning , his approval rating today would be around 70 % instead . 
  not enforced the same way the law against insulting foreign leaders was n't enforced either . 
  it 's a ludicrous law and germany should have gotten rid of it yesterday . 
  was my point long time ago as well . 
  if your borders truely are indefensible as you claim , you have no place in schengen to begin with . 
  because they 'll pile up at their territorry anyway and they have loads of islands . 
  i 'd be happy to provide an austrian island , but we do n't have any . 
  greece . 
  22 % voted in favour of the bill . 
  what are the odds that those 22 % would have profited from basic income and only did it out of sheer self-interest ? 
  well done , switzerland !, 
  that should have been done 10 years ago already . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gciegyilyty ), 
  i 'd say this one :  news content lacking context or basic information like what , when , where you do n't provide a source for your claims . 
  that is simply not true . 
  i just read the paper and the ec suggests that online platforms should be forced to accept national ids as a mean of identification if the user whishes to and not that the user should be forced to use them :  however , the frequent practice of using one 's platform profile to access a range of websites and services often involves non-transparent exchanges and cross-linkages of personal data between various online platforms and websites . 
  as a remedy , in order to keep identification simple and secure , consumers should be able to choose the credentials by which they want to identify or authenticate themselves . 
  in particular , online platforms should accept credentials issued or recognised by national public authorities , such as electronic or mobile ids , national identity cards , or bank cards . 
  com ( 2016 ) 288/2 , p 10 ( http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/dae/document.cfm?doc_id=15949 ) this would often make sense . 
  for instance when you 're buying and selling stuff online to boost trust between the parties involved . 
  without any sort of protectionism to make sure we get away with lousy service and unjustified prices ? 
  hell no . 
  never the germans though ? 
  is that like venezuela constitutional ban on poorness ? 
  worked perfectly . 
  beat it , lenin . 
  yes . 
  hardly the same as killing millions because they disagree ( or somebody claiming they did ) with the party . 
  alexander was a conquerer , as so many in those times . 
  he was n't particularly cruel or nice for the time he lived in . 
  hitler and mussolini would have gotten their trials if it was n't for them dying . 
  how so ? 
  there are judges sitting in the hague . 
  which had no supply side reasons , but the deterioration of exchange entitlements of particular groups in rural bengal which denied them access to food . 
  tell me one leader from the west that has the death of millions on their hands from that time . 
  we do have the hague . 
  alexander the great , ceasar and other have been leaders of their time , who did n't really stand out with regards to cruelty and opressing the masses . 
  socialists leaders on the other hand have the death of 10s of millions on their hands , when regimes just kilometres away had all the freedom in the world . 
  hardly the same thing . 
  nothing moral about the church . 
  ha , you said [ po ] ( http://www.dict.cc/?s=po ) . 
  `` clean coal '' am i right , poland ? 
  utopia ? 
  more like nightmare you can not wake up from . 
  no this means they will pile up in greece instead . 
  and fuck you , pro asyl . 
  well of course they are . 
  too bad it never got its nuremberg trials . 
  should have done this decades ago . 
  no point in glorifying those who brought so much misery over the entire world . 
  they were in no hurry to get it done , yes . 
  yes , also an amazing piece of architecture . 
  of course they could . 
  they did it in the past and could very well have done it again . 
  germans did n't even dare to bring up the topic of re-unification , when they met with su leaders . 
  i am sorry that it is only in german , but this [ documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ax7gkdrh8ps ) showed gorbachev 's role in the whole german situation . 
   they have just as much right to self-determination as them .
