  go all iranian on their arses ? 
  human chains walking into machine guns . 
  make iran air crew wear bikinis as a retaliation . 
  apparently women go to relaxed battlefields as well . 
  unless we have a reason to believe that europeans are working significantly less , yes , we can . 
  here 's the gpd/working hour comparison for eu-15 and the usa : http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-lbr6in7mlze/t1g0mvzv-ni/aaaaaaaaarg/ouqljq54z_0/s1600/bloom+1.jpg the gap would be significantly higher for the eu-28 . 
  does n't change my point . 
  us is way more productive so you are comparing apples and oranges . 
  the average american is also way more productive than the average european . 
  the poorest us state has a gdp/capita of roughly $ 29,000 , whilst the poorest eu state does not even reach $ 8,000 . 
  of course they will . 
  i do n't care about putin . 
  we all know what kind of guy he is . 
  let us know what our representatives have been up to . 
  what would be the benefits ? 
  they 'd no longer be part of a state they never wanted to join in the first place ; so there is that . 
  they 'd no longer be part of a state that is incapable of getting anything done and is choking its own economy in red tape , bureaucracy and an ineffective judicial system ( according to the ecthr that ineffectiveness is institutionalised and the worst in europe ) . 
  they 'd no longer be part of a state that is sandwiched between greece and swaziland , when it comes to [ corruption ] ( http://transparency.org.nz/images/2014/cpi2014-map-and-country-results.jpg ) . 
  they 'd get to decide on what is taxed and how much it is taxed . 
  now they get to keep 90 % of the taxes in the region , but have no say in the legislative process of the taxes . 
  they 'd no longer be governed by a state that has more governments in a decade than other have in 50 years . 
  what would be the benefits ... 
   tyrolese who are ethnically italian no , they are italians who were made to live there to italianise the province . 
  they are never tyroleans . 
  tyroleans are germans . 
   a ) they do n't always have the majority and even if they do it 's usually so slight that if the region gained independence a lot of people would be unhappy about it like the italians , who were resettled there against the will of the local population . 
  it 's comparable to saying estonia has to consider the interests of their russians because they live their , completely disregarding the fact that they are actually the result of decades of forceful occupation . 
  italy tried the same , but failed at some point due to fierceful resistance from the local population . 
  now you ca n't get anywhere in s\u00fcdtirol without proper german knowledge and even some italians claim to be part of the german speaking majority to get their kids into the better german schools . 
   b ) secession can have grave implications for the country the region/province is seceeding from ( e.g. 
  catalonia seceeding from spain would damage spain 's economy ) . 
  this can not be an argument against self-determination though . 
  it is certainly bigger than the wish to remain part of this rotten italian state . 
  other way round . 
  that is not people 's right to self-determination , but nice try . 
  the one where people 's right to self-determination is taken seriously . 
  not in austria . 
  you can be 70 and still have sex with a 14-year-old . 
  you quoted the wrong section of the criminal code as well . 
  the one you quoted does not cover sex with the victim , but actions taken by the offender in front of the minor , that could cause damage to the minor 's mental well-being ( eg watching very disturbing porn with a minor ) . 
  sexual acts with a minor under 16 are illegal , when the person is not capable to understand the consequences of sex ( [ sec 207b para 1 criminal code ] ( http://www.jusline.at/index.php?cpid=ba688068a8c8a95352ed951ddb88783e&amp;lawid=11&amp;paid=207b&amp;mvpa=252 ) ) . 
  this lack of maturity required in the statute is hardly to be found in reality . 
   if they want to signal to italy that italy needs to babysit their asylum seekers more that would be an idea , yes . 
  instead of giving them documents and send them on their way to the north , even though they are violating eu law by that . 
  s\u00fcdtirol is austria . 
  nope , without the help of the west russia would have collapsed under the weight of the german war machine . 
  most likely starved to death . 
  http://rbth.com/business/2015/05/08/allies_gave_soviets_130_billion_under_lend-lease_45879.html also let 's not forget japan 's role here . 
  without the usa ripping them a new one in the pacific , they 'd have invaded russia from the east . 
  if it was n't for them , russians would be speaking german now as well . 
  you ca n't expect to get money out of a system if you never paid into it . 
  not going to happen . 
  they did just that in afghanistan though . 
  bought the weapons from the czechs and gave them to the mujahideen . 
  good . 
  time to start tightening the thumbscrews . 
  take back your people or you 'll never receive a single euro in aid again . 
  you 're the head of a state . 
  take them in then and the rest of the lot . 
  * we will only have peace with the arabs when they love their children more than they hate us . 
  typical left wing drivel . 
  islamic terrorism dates back to a time where the american continent was n't even discovered by the rest of the world . 
  this believe that if we only would be nice to them we were to hold hands and sing kumbaya is beyond naive . 
  it should n't come as a surprise though , when you read the rest of her work . 
  do n't mourn parisians , mourn everybody else instead . 
  nobody needs those illegal migration enablers anway . 
  they should be expelled from european soil together with their muslim lovechilds . 
  it was dead from the beginning . 
  strategic energy supply is way too important for any country to depend on others . 
  cars are not parking on the sidewalk . 
  obviously not bucharest . 
  feel free to help them out . 
  have the [ kurier ] ( http://kurier.at/politik/inland/maulkorb-fuer-mutige-wiener-lehrerin/187.216.478 ) as a source then . 
  well , those could apply for asylum the next day and most will just do that . 
  therefore you are no longer affected ( sogenannte beschwer ) and have no right to call upon a court . 
  the situation with the annual gap is slightly different though , as you 'd have to wait until 2017 to have your application processed . 
  as long as refugee number 37,001 does not arrive , there is no way to get it to court , no . 
  the only party in parliament against it are the greens and they lack the necessary votes ( 1/3 of all mandates ) to directly call upon the constitutional court for an assessment . 
  other than that , one would have to be directly affected by the provision to have it reviewed by a court and this does not happen unless said refugee is rejected . 
  privat statement by justice holzinger . 
  no case not even an obiter dictum . 
  no , it did not . 
  one of the 14 judges voiced his personal opinion on the matter . 
  headline is very misleading . 
  way to go !, 
  as i said , power output will be less . 
  if that reduction is significant enough to demand a discount , is up for debate , but it will never be enough to render the contract null and void . 
  if anything the power of the car will decrease as a result of the software fix and not the consumption increase . 
  the only possible verdict . 
  warranty law requires the customer to give the seller the opportunity to fix the flaw and not just return it straight away . 
  the claim he could n't possibly sell the vehicle is utter bs as well , which means no case for mistake either . 
  they do know that austrians back then wanted to join germany , no matter how the voting slips looked like , right ? 
  yes , as we are talking about two different kettle of fish . 
  one time you do it to live up to your tax obligations , which are fundamental for any society to function and on the other hand you shift the burden to produce evidence from the prosecutor , who claims you did something wrong , to the suspect . 
  auditing is not a criminal procedure . 
  forcing the suspect to provide the evidence is in stark contrast to any self-incrimination provision . 
  but this is a moot discussion anyway as long as we do n't know what documents they destroyed . 
  if it was internal communication , it is certainly not required by law to keep a record of it . 
  at least i 'd be surprised if there was such requirement in the usa . 
  hehe .
