something , something end of world war i. 
  it 's probably refering to the polish people who fought alongside napoleon . 
  he is seen as a hero here , even mentioned in our national anthern . 
  hmm ... nah , i like my fries saltier . 
  ** waiter !, 
  bring me the republican salt !, 
   czechoslovakia are you stuck in the early 90 's ? 
  luckily , in this year alone they 've lost a lot of support . 
  i do n't think that they will win the next election . 
  that happened because the 2nd referendum would be undemocratic and just stupid . 
  i 'm against brexit , but where is the sense in a 2nd referendum ? 
  if morons voted for it just for shit and giggles they have to suffer the consequences . 
  thanks , now i have a billion different earworms in my ears . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm blue yabididabada ... 
  got a book singed by him !, 
  [ this is the best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3r06i17llu ), 
  yes it can !, 
  democracy is n't even the reason . 
  the support of this is at ~ 10/15 % . 
  if this was a democratic vote , it would certainly loose . 
  but they do it anyway because it will give them the support of the clergy . 
  i live there . 
  i 'm gon na pay a visit to them if my future car ever breaks . 
  literally everything is better than jaru\u015b 's puppets . 
  does n't matter what i read . 
  this happened no matter where i 've seen the information about it . 
  nor did the girl do anything wrong to have to painfully give birth to a baby which was the result of rape and most likely will die anyway because of it not being able to grow correctly in her womb . 
  besides , should the child be born and even live knowing that he lives only because of a 12yo giving birth to him and being a result of rape . 
  i would rather never be born than live a , most likely , not normal life knowing this shit . 
  edit : some more stuff . 
  tfw the government actually wants to buy a 2nd tupolew and `` crash '' it to show that the whole catastrophe was done by russians, 
  read that again . 
  there already was a case of a 12 yo being raped and pregnant . 
  they refuse abortion even in this case , claiming that the child has the right to live and that somehow an abortion would be more emotionally scarring than giving birth to a child at 12 . 
  no , they plan to make abortion something against the law . 
  even if you are a rape victim , underraged or you will die without it , you ca n't legally get an abortion . 
  the only way for that would be to travel to a different country where it is legal . 
  and hitler gave free hugs too ? 
  wo n't happen . 
  turkey is too strategically important for nato . 
  i must say , turkey 's strategy is genius . 
  doing whatever they want without the fear of being kicked out by nato , by becoming closer to the enemy of nato , russia . 
  do n't listen to the pm of poland . 
  he is an idiot who does n't know world politics . 
  middle east : no daddy no !, 
  it 's friday daddy no please !, 
  usa : it 's democracy time . 
  is v for vendetta succeeding in his plot to bring anarchy to the uk , or what ? 
  why does this remind me of the soviet union ? 
  you know , workers in power , ruining lifes of the upper and middle classes ... 
  poland : we 've almost won with portugal , but this was the best year of our football since forever . 
  nothing much else . 
   we 're big fans of trade deals oh god , can you stop sending me those trade deals , england ? 
  i do n't want your fur !, 
  no , sarcasm . 
  i think you forgot the '' / s '' . 
  `` more money for all kids ! '', 
  3 months later : you know what ? 
  fuck the first kid . 
  everyone but him will get the money . 
  the `` good day '' thing is n't rare . 
  in poland we say this too when we enter a shop . 
  the left is about democracy and freedom of speach . 
  both were n't present in the times of the prl . 
  god damnit !, 
  5 days before it finished and the german reich has just finished `` danzing or war '' !, 
  actually , our wonderfull pis think that germans are subhuman . 
  when even putin , someone who opposes the expansion of the eu , strongly criticizes brexit actions , you know that the uk has made a bad choice . 
  got ta love the fact that even the queen was on the side of remaining . 
  i would say that she knows some stuff about europe . 
  like , you know , witnessing both world wars ? 
  sounds like the union that england and scotland are in . 
  are you english ? 
  let 's assume that you are . 
  scotts are n't english . 
  so they should n't have a say on anything in england !, 
  and that 's your logic now . 
  just because those people are n't your nationality it does n't mean that they ca n't vote in a group of nations , including their own . 
  i mean , they could let you know who they would choose . 
  it 's their fault for not saying . 
  are n't they like voted by the european parliement , which is the seat of people , who were voted by the political party ruling a member state , which was chosen by the people ? 
  germany can not into vertical stripes . 
  [ well , that 's a high percentage ] ( https://i.imgur.com/rnbvh5i.png ), 
  holy crap . . 
  this ignorance is stunning , especially w.r.t. 
  what you said about the british empire . 
  at least americans admit their history and world knowledge is lacking . . 
   liberalism comes from john locke . 
  and also from ancient greece and rome , first pseudo-democratic european countries ( polish-lithuanian commonwealth ) and the french revolution . 
  there never was a single person inventing it , it was created by centuries of history . 
   realpolitik the lack of morals does n't give reason to breaking those morals . 
  did the nazis not do any wrong just because everything that they did was in their interest ? 
  in north america the whole reason for the revolution was the lack of representation . 
  ireland was your enemy by fighting for freedom so they ca n't have any democracy . 
  ok . africa 's problem is the way the british divided it . 
  india did n't really want to be a single country . 
  you know , they were put together with pakistan ... ok so murdering thousands of civilians does n't matter because you were fighting their country . 
  again , nazis should be justified by this logic . 
   eradicate slavery it also endorsed it earlier and even in the times of abolitionism it supported the confederacy .
