   spreading the ideas of self governance north america , ireland , africa , india and oceania would disagree  rights see : slavery . 
  and also creating the first concentration camps in history . 
  hurr durr protests are undemocratic !, 
  til i 'm a fascist . 
  huh . 
  so that 's how the right wing feels . 
  yup . 
  why may i ask ? 
  the poor in poland , which is going to get all of this money for nothing , is known to be full off alcoholics and other idiots . 
  the money is n't going to help many children . 
  their parents though , they will get it and spend on themselves . 
  if all of the money were to be spent on clothes , food or kindergardens for those children , i would be happy for it . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  i love how in the future me and all those kids are going to have to pay for it . 
  yeah , a typical janusz should be paid 500pln just because he did n't use protection while being drunk . 
  totally . 
  finally !, 
  i can agree on * something * with t_d !, 
  the same goes for northernerns travelling south . 
  thank god the a1 's \u0141\u00f3d\u017a section was finished , it used to be such a pain to travel through the city . 
  how am i supposed to spread the disease to them now ? 
  you know , we could do that . 
  i would like it . 
  but i do n't think he would . 
  i do n't think you understood me . 
  i 'm not here to explain it to your dumb ass though . 
  i give you a choice . 
  you can either take the chocolate cake , or the vanilla one . 
  say you choose the chocolate one . 
  i than take the cake , shit on it and give it to you . 
  `` what do you mean you do n't want it anymore ? 
  you 've already made your choice !, 
  fun fact : you are mostly wrong . 
  been there . 
  there is a great and relatively cheap georgian restaurant right in the middle of this place . 
  the goulash is a must eat . 
  probably my favorite city in poland ... right after gda\u0144sk of course . 
  hopefully it does n't work like in ksp . 
  the floridian commonwealth, 
  you hear that america ? 
  i would rather be controlled by a country across my border , that does n't have some populist moron running it , and whose interests are similiar to my country 's interests , than to be controlled by a superpower on the other side of the ocean , which treats us like a meat shield . 
  besides , you are n't in the us , but i guarantee you , your neighbour is going to have a nice time being controlled by their former enemy , russia . 
  have fun being controlled by your former colony . 
  what gold ? 
  ... make that 60 % !, 
  we ca n't be friends with both china and the us . 
  the eu is probably going to side with china , since it at least does n't want to destroy us . 
  this place is ** hell ** during summer . 
  on the central plaza there were literally no shadows . 
  though it looks great , loved the symmetry . 
  free them from the israeli nationalism !, 
  france and huge nuclear potential , enough said . 
  donald t. vs donald t. who shall win ? 
  ... or maybe because google does n't give you french results when searching ? 
  killed them with a death stare , apparently . 
  i live at the shoreline . 
  wind turbines are actually being deconstructed here because of their inefficiency . 
  no cb is best cb !, 
  we all know how well such combination ended in germany . 
  8 years of doing nothing is better than 2 years of fucking everything up . 
  ... you must be joking . 
  anything that is n't far-right . 
  my point is that the majority has the right to complain . 
  and it was the majority from the beginning . 
  `` kaczy\u0144ski is totally not an elite !, 
  absolutely ! '', 
  it 's not that . 
  everyone accepcts their victory . 
  but pis has been a piece of shit for the last year . 
  besides , pis did n't get more than 50 % votes , just something between 30 and 40 % , which was enough to win . 
  it leaves the majority angry . 
  `` it 's the bad elites !, 
  it 's their fault !, 
  youtube shows why 1 is a horrible idea . 
  what about david bowie ? 
  i 've been there . 
  it 's hell in the middle of summer . 
  literally no shadows anywhere . 
  still worse than fucking , austria . 
  you tellin ' me that you do n't masturbate to jesus ? 
  me too !, 
  i 've also got one of his books signed by him for me . 
  `` in what way nazis were right wing '' nationalism . 
  what you 've just said seems to only apply to american politics . 
  both the extreme right wing and left wing in europe used to be about giving the government all the power . 
  the idea of `` small government '' only really took off in the us . 
  and now you are starting to sound like a crazy conspiracy theorist believing that everything is a left wing conspiracy against the good conservatives . 
  `` the nazis were n't right wing ! '', 
  so i guess the soviets were n't left wing too . 
  i mean , hitler 's party was socialist in the name , but i 'm pretty sure he was right wing . 
  besides , alcoholism is a problem in our country . 
  the money should n't be going directly into people 's wallets , but into support for kindergardens or free books for schools . 
  edit : added a word . 
  it 's not a great argument . 
  as churchill said , war with germany was inevitable . 
  the uk and france may have not wanted the conflict , but something had to be done . 
  besides , the polish fought in the war too . 
  just under german , austrian and russian command , which led to us killing each other . 
  syndicalists of the world , unite !!, 
  just not improving in the pis way .
