  which it probably will . 
  no , they 'll tempt the ukraine with free money and then annex the lot in 20 years . 
  i 'm as much a believer in * realpolitik * as the way things are done , but i feel a sympathy for those trapped between two expansionary empires . 
  give it 5 years and the ukraine will be drowning in the tide of denbts as well . 
  poor buggers , fucked over by east and west . 
  surely the eu had to sell the book to pay for euro-denbts though ? 
  it is only called gdansk here . 
  to be honest , that 's a strange argument given that german is the germanic language least similar to english in their present forms . 
  anti-eu people , of whom there are many ( in my experience , but my social circles are fairly limited to a demographic which is generally quite patriotic and anti-eu ) , are more vocal . 
  i know plenty of pro-eu people , but they are pro-status quo , not federalists or anything like that . 
  the antis have more momentum because they present a different vision that appeals to a large amount of people for a lot of different reasons , but the pros have failed to put a positive case forward , the argument always being `` why we should stay '' not `` why the eu is great '' , so they are reacting where the antis can act and set the public agenda . 
  compare to scottish independence debates where the unionists have generally succeeded in arguing `` why the union benefits scotland '' rather than `` why leaving is bad '' although these are obviously closely related arguments, 
  they do n't always get suspended , but there is an inquiry as standard from what i remember . 
  can confirm , friend is a copper who wants to be a firearms type, 
  ed miliband is unlikely to be pm next year , he is intensely unpopular and an election campaign will see him lose a lot of support . 
  cameron is equally unlikely to lead a majority though . 
  i expect a tory minority , and an eu referendum would likely gain support via ukip mps . 
  the issue has become too widely debated for there not to be a referendum , it must be put to bed one way or the other . 
  personally , i think that if the referendum was tomorrow , the country would leave . 
  but if the eu can recover properly by 2017 and actually present a positive case of `` this is why the ever-closer union is good '' , they have a chance of winning then . 
  they seem capable of neither at the moment . 
  the main disadvantage to the pro-eu side is that nobody puts a case of `` why britain should invest in a union of ever-closer integration '' , it always more a case of `` why we should not leave '' . 
  the antis also have this in reverse , but to a lesser extent . 
  also , the eu probably has more money to spend in a referendum campaign than the backers of the anti-eu campaigns . 
  i read it last night , i ca n't remember where . 
  basically , you just need to pull up the names list and add up the 3 main spelling variations of mohammed and compare to those three versions of oliver . 
  this is quite silly when you do n't count variations of spelling on other names . 
  i believe that `` oliver '' `` ollie '' and `` olly '' are more common than all 3 variations of muhammad . 
  in any case , as has been said , that 's because something like over half of muslim boys have muhammad as a first name ( so many , that most use a middle name as a nickname ) but there is no dominant name for non-muslims , even if oliver and jack are the most popular at the moment . 
  it 's a good way of appeasing voters , to do something like that . 
  germany is no better than the rest of us . 
  the article says that , basically , it 's all very well going on about how we 're shit and we need to listen to them ( something which is said by people on the left a lot ) , but look who is doing better now , and the time when they did do better was because they adopted our ways . 
  it 's a little simplistic , but on understandable lines . 
  leeds is a pretty good place for building iirc , but a lot of people go to london because the wages are higher , partly because of the higher cost of living , and it is also quite an attractive place to be . 
  the author has an obvious slant , but he is fairly correct in suggesting that british weakness in the last decade has been because of adopting continental models of ` tax and spend ' and that germany and several other european countries have adopted or take inspiration from the anglo-saxon model , meaning they 've done better . 
  now that the uk has solid growth and recovery when the eurozone does n't , it 's not very controversial to suggest that this will reverse quite dramatically . 
  the minimum wage is broadly a good idea , but the lowering of the pension age is worsening the demographic time bomb , which is far worse for germany than the uk . 
  you 're partially correct in that london distorts the economy because the uk is n't big enough to have two ` global ' cities and the dependence of the government on financial services for income . 
  it is a bit ridiculous to say , speaking as someone well and truly in middle england , that there are no jobs here because they 're all in london . 
  i have three friends who have started jobs in the construction industry here in nottinghamshire within the last 6 months . 
  if scotland left the union , the outlook for the average englishman would doubtless improve in strictly economic terms . 
  i 'm sure hollande will find a way to wreck the economy with it, 
  because i 'm not a very nice person . 
  got nothing worth taking . 
  these days the upset generated by such an event would make it worthwhile, 
  10/10 will bankrupt the french economy even more, 
  me and some friends discussed taking over stockholm to rule over for queen lizzie . 
  we concluded that six of us armed to the teeth with cricket bats and some little old peugeots for transport will be more than enough, 
  not at all . 
  the ukraine means little to nato . 
  the precedent is a little worrying , but russia knows that , and would never attack a nato member , because for * not * to respond would destroy western ( mostly anglo-american but whatever ) security overnight, 
  we import very little russian gas , most of it comes from the north sea and the shortfall is mostly made up by the persian gulf, 
  bradford was corrupt before tower hamlets took it to new levels of madness . 
  it 's in dire need of a nuclear warhead or two . 
  but , the thought of the expedition retaking gibraltar and burning down cadiz for old time 's sake is frankly an excellent thought . 
  after 1982 , there 's often been an edge in relations with spain and argentina that they might pull something like that, 
  i remember the tensions over gibraltar a couple of years ago when some people were concerned that a firebrand in madrid might decide a confrontation would be a rather good idea . 
  concern lasted for about 5 seconds until someone looked up the spanish army on wikipedia . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  the current system appears to work, 
  i 'm just curious because i wonder how the presumably massive ( this is the eu , remember ) costs of this would stack up against savings from reduction to damage , bearing in mind it would take them several days to respond in most cases, 
  ok , so that 's maybe 2 major incidents in a bad year . 
  does it not waste a lot of money and screw around with existing infrastructure to do this ? 
  some sort of framework for loaning of equipment might be an idea , but there appears to be plenty of that going on, 
  do forest fires happen often enough for this to be a worthwhile cost ? 
  he does n't appear to have his snout in the brussels gravy train quite enough yet, 
  peaked at 21 today . 
  stayed inside with cold drink and a fire hose for if/when my pasty complexion literally catches fire, 
  fuck all . 
  it 's august and we 're all melting inside . 
  apart from the commonwealth games , which are like the olympics but with more proper sports like rugby 7s . 
  you sound like a jealous frenchie or something, 
  i thought so . 
  i like northern ireland because it makes us northern english look developed, 
  they 're all very small numbers though . 
  it might be akin to suggesting that germany does n't deserve 6th place because of a reliance on low-paid migrant labour in some sectors of the economy . 
  australia is the most anglo-saxon liberal of all the anglosphere , but it 's generally about the same as the uk for equality as far as i know . 
  so why is ireland painted green ? 
  / r/welkomtaescotlun needs to be made, 
  [ typical british tour bus ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4obpjkaljru ), 
  i get where you 're coming from on that , but i think in european politics it is more polarised than ever , with the 2 biggest parliament groupings being pro-integration and those who may have followed the status quo having their hand forced and ending up being considered as eurosceptics . 
  it 's like / r/unitedkingdom , which is full of green and lib dem supporters , but these are the 4th and 5th national parties in the wider population . 
  eurosceptic has been taken in modern parlance to mean anyone who opposes or questions further integration , including those who like the status quo, 
  cry me a river . 
  i 'm worried about even more euro-fanatics taking over, 
  that would mean the powers that be in germany , so the current leading lot, 
  things ca n't get much worse, 
  there are 2 reasons for this i think . 
  historically speaking , neither world war was fought of the uk 's choosing and both wars saw them on the side against the invasion of the `` little countries '' and later against fascism . 
  it 's easy to be proud of that and i do n't object to a certain amount of pride . 
  the perception that the troops were being let down ( their equipment and conditions have generally improved a lot lately however ) led to a surge in public support , out of a sense of duty to those crippled in the wars . 
  a militarised eu would be a farce withut britain and france . 
  neither are presently willing to do anything like that, 
  for now , at least . 
  partly i 'm rather cynical of most things , but the outrageous treatment of the southern european states through the euro and the ecb 's decision making does not fill me with optimism about anyone 's future in the eu . 
  the only thing that does is that we 'll be out in 5 years or less , allowing a front-row vip seat for the final collapse . 
  the soldiers in ww1 were certainly not innocent lambs . 
  they often questioned the conduct , but never the principle of defending belgium from foreign aggression . 
  ww2 , i think a world without that war would have led to more suffering . 
  there is no moral equivalence between the 2 sides .
