  being suspicious of the eu and suggesting withdrawal and an option as opposed to `` muh tories muh empire let me tell you about your country '' probably the latter . 
  for someone who 's been here for a matter of months , you 're quite the expert in how we all have delusions of grandeur . 
  i do n't . 
  i am quite aware of how we ca n't hold a light to india , china , etc. 
  60 million people against one billion wo n't . 
  that being said , i know nobody who would submit to the eu as a federalist body . 
  the only real supporters for that seem to be germans with the idea that they and they alone know what is good for us , like the man in op 's link . 
  / r/uk is pretty much a socialist echo-chamber mate, 
  it 's the federalism jerque du cirque . 
  britain is the main opponent of further integration and must be rubbished and written off . 
  because germany is * so * much better . 
  me and you . 
  bus stop . 
  tomorrow at 8am . 
  bring your fucking cricket bat , cos you 're going to need it . 
  barbarians . 
  red line should read : what prime ministers are first to cave in on when it comes up , and hope the papers were n't paying attention, 
  germany . 
  when i asked for milk with my tea , i got looks as if i had dropped my trousers . 
  invite the catholics as well then . 
  problem sorted . 
  no , we need to enlarge the eu more to maximise the amount of possible arguments !, 
  that 's how we 've done things for at least 700 years , with the weak against the strong ... 
  i 've visited ypres and a few other places on the western front , i have a strong interest in the topic . 
  the british & commonwealth soldiers of the war are portrayed as heroes or lambs to the slaughter , depending on which part of the folk-memory is being addressed . 
  the truth lies somewhere between these two extremes . 
  both those ideas are largely inaccurate sops for what was a highly traumatic and destructive event , to try and put the dead up on the pedestal of the british hero or the one of the victim . 
  personally , i have no objection to laying a wreath or whatever if that 's what people want to do , but it does nothing for the memories of the dead to paint them all as one thing or the other . 
  life is n't that simple . 
  one crazy politician is n't representative of the usa . 
  possibly . 
  i worry we 'll just be creating two uks with that . 
  and also , some of the very poorest and most violent areas are in london , the wealthy city that is becoming the hinge of our economy . 
  and a lot of people will want , understandably , to stay where they know people . 
  i would personally wish for controls to be put into place given the current situation , but that 's not really possible given the principles of the eu . 
  turkey and serbia in the same union would be totally worth it . 
  although , how come turkey is european ? 
  that little enclave ca n't count for the whole place , surely ? 
  britain has no problems paying for feeding it 's people , and the money being spoken of is a complete drop in the ocean . 
  better it goes to where it is needed more . 
  and , as has been said , local solutions are the best ones . 
  [ also , it 's frankly a long shot to say the country with less income inequality than france , germany , the netherlands or norway is only interested in fucking over the needy . 
  ] ( http://blogs.independent.co.uk/2013/12/06/wealth-more-equal-in-uk-than-germany-or-sweden/ ) there is a problem , as there will be in tough times , and we need to invest seriously in long-term employment in impoverished areas , with food banks as an emergency , immediate and temporary solution . 
  the us used the marshall plan largely ( but not wholly ) to prevent communist takeovers in western europe ( especially france and italy , viewed as especially vulnerable ) and to increase spending to boost us exports , there were serious fears of an economic depression in the usa and boosting exports was one of the things done to prevent it . 
  it 's unfair to insult those in the cafe when we do n't know who they are . 
  they have a right not to protest . 
  was n't there ? 
  there was in a lot of places, 
  different migration patterns count for a lot . 
  eastern european immigrants are typically young , well-educated and working to save some money up before leaving . 
  those from the 3rd world are generally unskilled and with low rates of economic activity for women , therefore a higher rate of unemployment . 
  like it or not . 
  whereas i agree he should have phrased it better , it 's not racist to talk about different patterns of migration . 
  but it 's considered good form to counter the point as well and provide an explanation . 
  you * can not * bandy such loaded terms around without serious explanation, 
  when you ca n't be bothered to counter a point , call your opponent a racist . 
  agrarian societies are like that because more children = more help on the fields . 
  in the uk , only 2 % of the workforce works in agriculture . 
  as a native speaker , i ca n't say i agree . 
  language and culture are inseperable . 
  that being said , i believe in the importance of multilingualism , i am multilingual , unlike many of my compatriots . 
  we 're moving into a world where knowing at least one other language will be a requirement of anyone wanting a good job , even in the uk , language skills are highly in demand . 
  i think a lingua franca should be ` neutral ' , i would suggest latin as a fairly straightforward language to learn and one with roots in this continent . 
  they often are , people are more likely to bring children into the world if they 're more sure of looking after them, 
  if it 's used as a containment zone , i 'm all for it . 
  keep actual debate on / r/europe instead of an ec love in, 
  we do n't know where the name comes from ( contrast to ` british ' , which we know comes from ` the painted ones ' or similar , a reference to ritual tattooing in pre-roman britain ) but it 's one that is fairly consistently used for roughly the same region in many references to north-eastern europe , even though confusion exists over whether it equates to estonians , saami or even some sort of proto-baltic group, 
  this is the final proof . 
  god save the queen , bring back the empire, 
  i always thought it came from the latin name for the peoples of that region ( they were most likely talking about estonians rather than modern-day finns , but this is a matter of debate . 
  some believe they were describing the saami ) as the * fenni *, 
  right . 
  so nearly 7 years ago . 
  given the utter paranoia surrounding * muh spooks * , this is pretty much old news, 
  remember to do some elaborate posturing before deciding which side to join !, 
  when was the last time iran arrested a ` spy ' who had n't just messed up their papers or something ? 
  prosocial ? 
  it does address the problem if we are able to remove those who preach and propagate hatred from the country . 
  we remove criminals from society and put them in prison all the time , what 's the difference ? 
  i 'm as much of a defender of free speech as the next man , but a line must be drawn somewhere . 
  encouraging attacks on innocent people when we know that people * act * upon this encouragement is something we ca n't really be accepting , even under free speech . 
  i had to point out to the german that it was a joke and then explain it just to make sure, 
  from the perspective of someone writing in northern europe , protestant christianity is more established in this context . 
  anti-americanism should not be an excuse in a country which may enjoy close ties to the usa , but is not actually the usa . 
  i 'm not worried about jewish homophobia , judaism is a very small minority here . 
  if anything , the anti-semitism coming from many younger muslims ( holocaust support , etc , etc ) is of greater concern . 
  the arab spring is * not * about secularism . 
  many of the opposition to the largely secular ( by the standards of the region ) , but undemocratic , regimes , has come from religious extremists . 
  because i think extremism is more commonplace in islam than the more established faiths . 
  there are extreme christians , often written off as nutjobs , but the muslims who are accepting of , say , homosexuals , are a small minority . 
  as the figures show . 
  the c of e is a social club more than anything these days , it provides a greater social function than spiritual . 
  the vicar in the church near me spends more time on community events than worship i think, 
  what 's so objectionable to having those who would and do carry out harm upon this society , and encourage others to do so , to be removed from it ? 
  it was a joke . 
  we eat a * lot * of pork in the uk, 
  last time i checked , my local c of e church was n't raising money for wars , it was organising charity parties and children 's clubs . 
  a lot of ` islamic ' charities are fronts that give money to various unsavoury groups . 
  [ insert sweden joke here ], 
  my mistake , van rompuy is in charge of the european council , it is barroso at the commission .
