  the royal navy sailed back out into the north sea the following day to continue the blockade that eventually caused the german collapse , the german navy never would . 
  you cruel bastard , i also can use it for historically correct polandball comics on / int /, 
  do you expect him , having gone to war , to disavow what he fought for ? 
  that 's quite a big thing to ask of anyone who has fought in the war . 
  if you lived here , you would be cynical and pessimistic as well . 
  i assume you 're preparing for the day that queen liz reclaims her birthright ? 
  they 've decided not to be british . 
  we ca n't force them to stay in our country . 
  i rather liked the place when i visited , and the german people were nice enough , if slightly self-absorbed . 
  they are , however , quite thin-skinned and egotistical when it comes to politics . 
  perhaps very quick to attack other nations over policy disagreements or economics , but quite quick to take offence when the favour is returned . 
  on a deep and serious note , the beer is n't that great . 
  it tends to lack flavour . 
  what about people who decided to vote in such a way that would bring eu membership higher on the agenda , that 's giving two fucks , rather than just throwing a spanner . 
  verhofstadt and his ilk can not comprehend the idea of public opinion being against his plans . 
  i dunno man , when that british public cast most of their votes for ukip last may , his sort were pretty flustered, 
  whenever i see big nige making a speech , he 's always the first to sit there flustering and generally getting angry, 
  he does seem to get rather angry at british people , it 's quite sweet . 
  yes , because farage wears a pith helmet and shoots at indians in the name of queen victoria . 
  it is up to the ukrainian people to choose what they want , we can agree on that i hope . 
  when a mostly western ukrainian revolution overthrew the old regime , the eu automatically threw out carrots of eu membership on a timeline far quicker than what the ukraine can do , and when those in the east who were perhaps not happy with how things went rioted/tried to separate , there was no moment when the eu said `` hang on , we all support self-determination here , let 's find out how many of these people think they are trapped in an alien state and what we can do to make a peaceful resolution '' . 
  this was also triggered by russian actions in the crimea , which were of course wrong , but for such a body that claims to be so morally superior , there was little attempt to reach a compromise . 
  how does russia see the eu then ? 
  perhaps those with an axe to grind , not without good reason , i completely sympathise with those i 've known from the baltic states etc , against russia , are not those who can give the most objective analysis of the place . 
  caution is perhaps better than historical grievance in modern day geopolitics . 
  if the majority of ukrainians want eu membership in the long-term that is another matter and not what we are discussing . 
  however , it was reckless for the idea of immediate eu membership or within a few years to be held out as a treat to the new government . 
  it is possible , you know , to suggest the eu fucked up on foreign policy and not care much for putin . 
  i have no time for putin , i think he is a weak leader and a petty dictator , but i think the eu has to accept some of the blame for the crisis . 
  yes , and that 's their path to choose . 
  however it was perhaps wrong for them to hold the carrot of eu membership when the ukraine will never be able to join this side of 2030 , it 's just too messed up over there . 
  the falklands war was a defensive war protecting british citizens from fascist aggression . 
  we did not choose that war . 
  your analogy is quite weak , the main problem that farage is getting at is that the eu fundamentally misunderstands russia and the russian way of thinking . 
  russia now sees the eu as an emerging superpower and has a long history of threats and conflict with this part of the world . 
  of course they responded in that way . 
  i 'm not saying it was right for russia to do that , it was n't , but the grave failures in european foreign policy were a driving factor in the ukrainian war . 
  i do n't think it 's a spectacular conspiracy for someone who believes in non-intervention and that eu foreign policy has been overly expansionist to question what the eu did in the ukraine . 
  perhaps he is just articulating a common concern here , that we will find ourselves dragged into a conflict we have no interest in . 
  verhofstadt is the personification of impotent rage and butthurt , i love him so much, 
  not that , but how can we honour commitments which take us to disagreement with a country that shares our army ? 
  in the context of militaries , it is two member states with something serious to contribute and 25 freeloaders only in it for egos . 
  if a politician who is n't british or french is pushing for a unified military , they 've got something dodgy planned . 
  i hardly think the eu is a byword for efficient organisation . 
  i agree that minority issues rarely become violent . 
  i disagree with the idea of a pan-european army being used in a way that implies holding said minorities in a state against their will , if their will was to secede . 
  perhaps there are issues with minorities in the baltic states , i 'm not making a judgement on that specific example other than i would n't want to see british troops bogged down in it . 
  what i am saying is that it 's hypocritical to take the view that one group of people should be allowed to do this but others can not . 
  we are in favour of self-determination or we are not , and this includes accepting that sometimes there are places that do n't want what we want for them . 
  it 's good to know that we would n't have a choice in whether to enter the war or not . 
  if people have problems with self-determination , these need to be addressed in the proper manner by both sides . 
  regardless of russia actions as an agent provocateur , we should be above using the threat of force to keep minorities in a particular state . 
  i imagine that gibraltar would n't enjoy self-determination for much longer if this happened . 
  this is exactly what nato is for though . 
  the baltic states , as nato members , enjoy collective defence from all the european militaries that matter ( ie britain and france ) as well as the usa, 
  [ typical catholic priest 's housekeeper ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogrfagbiffo ), 
  +9 holy damage, 
  roaming comes from when you leave the provider 's country and into one where there is another provider you use . 
  as far as i 'm aware , my street does n't have it 's own phone provider, 
  in a free market though , it seems unlikely that buying the service from the other side of the continent would be cheaper in all but rare cases, 
  it 's ok , the phone companies would have increased all other tariffs to compensate, 
  that 's the point . 
  people oversimplify things in an us/them mindset . 
  have you not read / r/europe much , russians are scarcely considered members of the human race by this point , it 's way beyond a criticism of putin . 
  perhaps you could argue modern liberalism as a religion in this case , it is often very grounded in philosophical thinking . 
  the heroes are those ukrainians , in this case , who fight the seperatists . 
  a law has to be passed by the lords before it can be passed , otherwise it is blocked for two years or simply re-worded and sent through again . 
  it 's a crude analogy but what i am saying is that the european parliament is not a parliament because it can not propose , amend or repeal legislation . 
  it is a rubber-stamping committee for things the commission puts to it . 
  laws proposed by the european commission . 
  the european parliament is to european democracy what the house of lords is to the british system . 
  laws have to be passed through it , for sure , but a law that fails will just be re-worded and put to it again by the actual body with power , and there is no scope for the european parliament to propose legislation , just as peers in the house of lords can not propose legislation . 
  i 'm no opponent of the house of lords , it acts as a technocratic counterbalance to the commons , but that level of power is pathetic for what should be the primary legislative chamber . 
  if the european parliament was n't a toothless committee that might be a relevant point . 
  it can not propose or repeal legislation . 
  that generally would n't make it a parliament according to the usual standard, 
  i agree that not much attention was given to his murder , but your point that people in britain noticed the problems in northern ireland more than isis does n't really stand up to reality , which is that ni still remains quite minor in comparison , despite the recent escalation of activity . 
  his whole point was that people in britain noticed northern ireland more than isis . 
  errr mate it is n't a proper weekend in belfast without an ira weapons stash being found . 
  there have been far more isis-related arrests and plots busted than anything a bunch of nutjobs butthurt that northern ireland is at peace have done for a while . 
  in any case , it 's been absolutely ages since irish republicans tried anything on the mainland , and most brits on the mainland would struggle to place londonderry on a map , let alone notice much about northern ireland news . 
  even better , the batty lady who has only been to pythonland on holiday but swears it is the best place in the world, 
  what matters is that you 're sending the southern cash back up for booze and kebabs, 
  yorkshire salty as fuck that boycott has retired tbh, 
  i 'm only a midlander but damn those south east lads are balling hard . 
  they might not have decent cricket teams but the money i send home keeps a family of 9 , plus their mothers , in heroin, 
  honestly , it was something i read a while back i recalled when i saw someone else say the same thing . 
  i 'm at work and my greek script reading skills are n't amazing so i 'm not about to start researching any more than that, 
  no because that infographic is showing mostly patrol boats and stuff , and a lot of that fleet has been mothballed as people have pointed out here . 
  britain has fewer patrol boats because britain needs fewer . 
  it 's not that boring , but very rambling and incoherent . 
  if mein kampf had been written in this era , it would have been a school shooter 's manifesto . 
  it 's that level of rambling mixed with self-pity, 
  that 's a bit extreme for a newspaper that only old ladies read, 
  the times is the only paper here which generally does n't ram a worldview down your throat , but it 's behind a paywall and ca n't be linked to . 
  britain does n't have a particularly disreputable national print media compared to the rest of the world but because it 's the biggest english speaking country of europe , people are more aware of it on here, 
  in this country , anything that can be see as against britain can be seen as a left-wing cause . 
  this is why jeremy corbyn is a thing . 
  spending years telling a country to go full austerity and then demanding to know why they have n't had more money to spend on border guards ? 
  well done guys .
