  i was being moderately glib , implying we should revert to it . 
  the franco-german axis is in the hypocritical position of protectionism at home and wanting the 3rd world to lower barriers to them without it being reciprocated , and a captive market in those without strong manufacturing and dependent on imports for their often sub-par goods . 
  protectionism is not , as we learnt in the 18th century , a sustainable trade policy . 
  german fears of inflation lead to austerity being forced without the quantitative easing that came with it here , out of fear for inflation . 
  there 's a reason that britain is doing better than the continent right now . 
  the germans wrecked the economies of southern europe in order to prevent price increases , we 've had higher inflation but that 's the price you pay to avoid mass unemployment sometimes . 
  is there a single good for europe ? 
  can everybody agree on courses of action ? 
  probably not . 
  interests are too disparate and the good of europe as a whole becomes rapidly what suits the franco-german axis the most , and before you can say `` universal monarchy , we were right to divide them '' , everyone 's kow-towing to the needs of protectionism and austerity without the accompanying qe . 
  is it not that merkel leads her party , which is the one of government ? 
  at least in this country majority governments are the most common and the party leader becomes pm , so it 's often decided on who the leaders are , rather than other issues, 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you . 
  all i 'm saying is that the differences are too great for a complete union to be workable , especially in terms of conflicting interests and language . 
  we need a lingua franca for it to work , and there is n't one . 
  man i was n't paying attention, 
  i agree with you that we have more in common that not . 
  however , i doubt there 's enough common ground in attitudes and linguistics in particular ( to use one example , a lot of britons find the manner of speech used in many areas of the continent abrupt to the point of rudeness ) for a single state to be a workable option . 
  if we could choose a lingua franca , maybe , but i do n't think we could choose one language out of all those available without upsetting a lot of people . 
  a tolerant society free from hate ? 
  problem with that is that the usa has a fairly monotone culture for such a big place and a shared language . 
  it 's not really a thing . 
  but what do , say , finns and italians or britons and greeks have culturally in common ? 
  not enough to stop that being a concern . 
  that 's why a single entity europe is unlikely to work , amongst a lot of other things . 
  it 's not there 's anything * wrong * with romanians or whatever . 
  it would be laughable to suggest so . 
  it 's that , as it stands , unemployment , especially youth unemployment , is high , public services are under pressure and mass immigration has , like it or not , caused a lot of social problems , in my experiences . 
  this is n't the time to be opening up the borders more , even if the impact will be minimal . 
  if people are going to come to the uk and behave like it 's still the north-west frontier , we ca n't adopt their notions of freedom of speech and tolerance . 
  it 's ridiculous to suggest they should be on a pedestal . 
  but then we 're more than willing to sweep * their * hate-speech aimed at jews , gays , etc under the rug, 
  that 's because we lack a single document which you can point to and say `` that 's our constitution '' . 
  there 's a definition of free speech/hate speech with a line that 's not meant to be crossed ( usually at the point of advocating or encouraging violence against a person or group ) , but it 's been tested with the internet and the old twats we have in the legal system are n't really modernising with the changing contexts, 
  until someone gets ` offended ' ? 
  i 'm going to write a strongly worded letter to the daily telegraph about this and get farage involved . 
  yes , and obviously good language is a life skill . 
  what i 'm saying is that it 's a cheapshot to attack someone solely because of grammar . 
  i did n't know the difference between who and whom until 2 weeks ago , does that make me an idiot ? 
  because , for many jobs , knowing the difference between who and whom is vital ? 
  it 's lazy to attack people because of their grammar . 
  i 'm sure you can do better than that . 
  it 's a slippery slope from singing on public transport to the abolition of the monarchy and mad-max carnage, 
  i was being slightly facetious , but yeah it 's less serious out of the capital , even though it 's good form to respect personal space anywhere, 
  i 'm english with family and friends in wales . 
  the language is pretty much the only difference , and obviously rugby being bigger than football . 
  next time i 'm in scotland , i 'll start singing `` the wheels on the bus go round and round '' then ? 
  in which case you drink the tears of scottish children anyway, 
  as we all know , the welsh and scottish are completely different and inherently much more welcoming, 
  we need a video like this for british buses . 
  tourists who do n't obey the rules deserve everything they get . 
  do n't talk to me , do n't come within 3 feet of me, 
  london is chav city though . 
  i 've never been to brighton , but it 's got a friendly enough reputation . 
  i think people are more friendly the further away from the capital you get . 
  do that enough times and eventually you start doing it sober . 
  then we start placing bets on when the wedding will be . 
  to be fair to you , we 've not fought an external war solo since 1982 . 
  there is of course a shared ` european ' culture and i am a strong believer in close european co-operation without the framework of such a close union . 
  it would work better as a loose bloc that provides a framework for close connections , i feel . 
  the only way forward is to take a step backward . 
  while the parliament remains toothless , there remains little way of holding the commissioners to account except with the vague ideas of political pressure . 
  we 're all human , but that does n't mean i ca n't take some pride in my wider community and believe that we should be self-ruling without being under a federalist framework . 
  it matters hugely to me that britain remains independent . 
  we can have close ties with europe without union . 
  we 've extremely close historical ties and trade with portugal without a union , for example . 
  you may not appreciate this as much if you 're not british , but the monarchy and similar institutions are another big question . 
  not sure if i fancy my queen no longer having a sovereign state . 
  we 're probably going to have to `` agree to disagree '' . 
  you 've come here with the intention of working for federalism , i 'm an eusceptic . 
  perhaps 30 years ago , but now , i think india , malaysia and south africa , for example , are going to emerge onto the world stage and britain already has a ` head start ' as opposed to the other european countries . 
  we 'd be morons not to exploit those links , and it would be a damn sight easier to do just that if the eu was n't part of the equation . 
  i 'm a francophile ( something which may surprise you ) and i believe that franco-british connections are crucially important . 
  i also like baguette , strong cheese and wine xd . 
  i would like to see better co-operation between two powerful european countries with fairly similar interests globally speaking . 
  that being said , the cap is rigged in favour of france and a bit of a clusterfuck as it stands . 
  this can be done without the framework of the eu , which , if time could be turned back , a lot of the worst decisions could be removed and we could remain a ` club ' for trading and good relations , rather than everyone being jammed together and bad blood forming as has happened . 
  i 'm also in favour of reconciliation with germany , but that 's going to be difficult with them trying to throw their weight around and being the bully-boys of europe . 
  a federal europe would be one-size-fits-all by definition . 
  the ec is n't exactly accountable in terms of it 's finances and the parliament feels like a rump parliament to me . 
  in the civil service , departments have their political heads who are generally in charge of making sure that the technocrats stay in line , amongst other things . 
  the eu commissioners are n't as directly accountable for the actions of their departments , by the simple virtue of the fact they are appointed rather than elected representatives as our ministers are . 
  baroness ashton is in charge of foreign affairs , but who voted for her ? 
  she 's just a washout from the domestic scene . 
  and why should our value as partners to the us determine our foreign policy again ? 
  we are close allies , but not some sort of protectorate . 
  we 've not fought off continental tyrants for centuries to give it all up now . 
  it would be preferable to be a bit weaker and less relevant and retain independence rather than abstract ideas of ` stronk ' and subservience as part of some unworkable union . 
  it 's that i do n't expect a newcomer to start talking big about what `` british people '' think as if it 's a monolithic bloc . 
  it 's like when people tell me that i must think in a certain way , as a northerner with rural working class roots . 
  i 'm personally very disappointed with the way the trade with the commonwealth was carried out in terms of the eu . 
  we did our closest partners and allies over because of the french not wanting cheaper dairy on the market . 
  even my economics summer project gave me enough reading material to thoroughly put me off the institution . 
  it just makes utterly no sense , with the assumption that a one-size-fits-all solution is findable and that we can trust the technocrats to do it all for us with not much in the way of oversight . 
  at least in the british civil service , there 's a degree of accountability . 
  i ca n't object to close ties to the us . 
  same language and similar culture , even if they perhaps are n't as civilised as australia or canada yet . 
  there is a middle-ground between superpower and irrelevant semi-protectorate . 
  i guess germany stands to gain the most from full union . 
  i 'm sorry , but people like that old fart schmidt coming out and writing off our opposition as delusions of grandeur , when it 's not , you know , nearly 1000 years of independence and nobody wanting to end that without a fight .
