  like what australia , canada , new zealand and others have with us today , but with common military defence and trade , etc as well as the constitutional ties . 
  a re-armaments programme both to deter nazi germany but also to drag the british economy out of the stagnation it had at the time . 
  i hardly think that british people have a monopoly on ignorance or are any worse than the average western electorate . 
  the british electorate is no more ignorant than your typical european electorate . 
  i highly doubt our friends on the continent religiously pour over 100 page manifestos . 
  of course they 're different to the liberals . 
  my point is that the liberals occupy a very awkward place in politics , because the tories and to a lesser extent labour are built upon liberalism as we in this country know it , meaning that the liberal party has to reinvent itself . 
  it used to be a protest vote , but now that 's ukip , who take more strongly from the liberal tradition than / r/europe would have you think . 
  people talk about the death of british liberalism . 
  what they do n't realise is that liberalism is so pervasive in british politics that a specifically liberal party will struggle . 
  when i say liberalism here , i generally refer to anglo-saxon liberalism with its focus on smaller government , common law and free trade . 
  it 's difficult for a party to succeed when their ideas have been adopted by virtually everybody else . 
  this is why the liberals and then the liberal democrats were virtually irrelevant from 1918 to 2010 as labour replaced them in the two party system . 
  i 'm only southern by current residence , not birth or upbringing . 
  that 's the worst part . 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  i was split between tories and ukip right until i got the voting slip . 
  i ended up voting tory . 
  peep show is the reason why my internal monologue has the voice of david mitchell, 
  yes , that 's exactly what he means . 
  the point is that the context is one in which ` anglo-saxon ' ideas of free trade and small ( ish ) government contrast to the protectionism and corporatism you get a lot of in france and germany . 
  it 's generally used disparagingly , particularly by francophones , to refer to anglo-saxon liberalism , which stems from the ideas of adam smith and other british enlightenment thinkers who advocated free trade and strong property rights . 
  broadly speaking , the uk and the other countries of the anglosphere are more free market oriented than most eu economies . 
  hollande is a dirty commie and against nato by default , regardless of what he says , does or thinks , or indeed , his actual views . 
  your tears are delicious . 
  but the french have a republic . 
  do we want to be like them ? 
  aside from the vital constitutional role of having a head of state who is apolitical by definition and acting as a national symbol , the monarchy brings more money into the country that it costs , especially now the civil list has been replaced with a share of the profits from the crown estates ( note , just a share ) . 
  and of course , prince philip is the greatest living briton . 
  it 's because it 's a symbol of the nation that it is so hated . 
  there is a rather perverse tradition of self-hate in the british ` chattering classes ', 
  so do i , it 'll shut the whingers in the guardian up for a few more years when dear old lizzie gets a landslide politicians can only dream of . 
  interesting , but this is n't the experience of my grandparents . 
  none of them ever studied a foreign language at school . 
  perhaps in grammar schools and the like , but agricultural workers who left school at 14 , like my granddad , will not have had that . 
  never underestimate a brit trying to mug the foreigners off, 
  some things never change , and top banter is one of them . 
  on a serious note , it seems likely to me that pows would have picked up german while there . 
  the schools which working class kiddies went to and often left at 14 did n't really do foreign languages . 
  another liability . 
  / r/europe exists so i can drink the tears of those not fortunate enough to be born british . 
  edit : i was drunk when i wrote that . 
  pls no hate . 
  your tears are delicious . 
  it 's difficult to count that , the glorious revolution is more accurately seen as domestic british disputes that spilled over and dragged william of orange into them . 
  there was no serious fighting on mainland britain between him and jacobean forces , and he arrived at the invitation of british nobles with the support of many of the mass population . 
  irresponsibility and parochialism that ends with loads of english kids getting fucked ? 
  pretty similar m8, 
  the snp holding the balance of power in westminster would be like putting the bbc in charge of a nursery . 
  yeah but he was from back in the day before labour lost their sense of humour and started being uppity identity obsessed leftie dullards, 
  he can down a pint in 7 seconds , i would at least have him down my local . 
  bet he 's got quality banter . 
  only butthurt socialists in the eu parliament think we 're nostalgic for empire , but their tears are too delicious, 
  i hardly know anyone who drinks coffee , but tea is love and life in my house . 
  what values are inherently european ? 
  [ alan b'stard is a true british hero ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfobokpbtl0 ), 
  i know i said mean things about your lack of willingness to back ukip a few days ago , but that was an excellent comment and i am proud to share an island with a fellow patriot such as you . 
  yes , fancy dress parties with minor royals, 
  i 'll borrow it from your government on the way down , there must be a few in stores somewhere . 
  also so i can wear a long overcoat and speak in a bad german accent to anybody who demands to see my `` papers '' . 
  ouch . 
  you fucking wait , i 'm saving up for an interrail ticket for the summer and the scruffy train will crash into the brandenburg gate, 
  just had to get a refund on a holiday to barcelona due to all flights being cancelled . 
  cheers lads . 
  the world ends on the london ring road for the guardian , do n't take it to heart, 
  it 's a ww2 thing i think . 
  the italians were mocked where the germans were grudgingly respected . 
  many bomber crews operating against italy would paint an ice-cream cone on their plane for each mission rather than the more normal outline of a bomb, 
  please do , as the only european country that gave a binding referendum to a strongly secessionist region , it 's something to hold dear for those / r/europe dick-waving contests, 
  i never got those jokes . 
  when i go to france i exist on a diet of egg , ham , chips and white wine . 
  8/10 best thing the french ever did, 
  it is a yank thing , we tell the same jokes about italy in the uk instead , or as far as i 've seen . 
  jokes about the french revolve around adultery , animal cruelty , inedible food and poor personal hygiene . 
  eu = 28 member states eea = those plus a few hangers on eurozone = those countries using the single currency go and find someone else to get on your high horse over . 
  of course we did n't and of course i do n't , but you understand why the single market , eea , etc is the key focus of discussion for an * economics * class . 
  there was discussion of the political side of things , which is where i feel the imbalance really came out . 
  no , but there was a stronger bias than would be considered acceptable in a similar class . 
  if a level politics advocated the views of the governing party , there would rightfully be an outcry . 
  but it 's ok because all brits are uneducated thugs and need to be taught what to think on europe . 
  4 a levels is pretty pleb . 
  the true gods of 6th form do a gcse in the classics or something instead of a 4th a level . 
  i 'm defo not biased . 
  a level economics really did focus on economics . 
  terrible right ? 
  it tied quite well into the monetary policy stuff , with the anti-euro arguments , as well as international trade , whether it 's better to be a stagnating trade bloc or a smaller , but less stagnant , country outside of it . 
  not when you 're spending 6 months on a unit at a-level , where a good amount of the subject is debating the issues and forming your own views . 
  at a-level , you only do three subjects , but to a great amount of detail with students aged 16-18 . 
  it 's not like primary school or something . 
  it furthers our plans for world domination to see the europeans disarm themselves so willingly . 
  soon they shall be brought civilisation , law , order , cricket and proper beer, 
  it would have been good if , in the classes on british membership of the eu and debating it , the pro-withdrawal case had been given the time it deserved . 
  i ca n't speak for the other things discussed in the article , but there is perhaps a problem with the eu influencing education . 
  i recall my a-level economics classes with the bit on the eu . 
  i think ukip might have had a point . 
  for a module meant to stimulate debate on european economics , including british membership of the eu , there was n't much space given to the pro-withdrawal case , even though it was fairly easy in essays to write about the problems of stagnant protectionist blocs and currency unions with very different economies in it . 
  yes . 
  the germans failed in their aims , the british succeeded , despite higher british casualties . 
  do you not think that serbs would be saying exactly the same had disraeli and bismarck given primacy in the region to bulgaria ? 
  that is n't really considered relevant in discussions on the naval war .
