  that 's what needs to be determined . 
  and we ca n't determine this until * both sides * agree to stop fighting and discuss their problems . 
  it could be that most people would be ok with autonomy within the ukraine , but nobody knows that . 
  it 's not about grabbing land if the west is supporting the kiev government . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  yes , then they started on the shelling of towns and the like and well , that is an unpopular thing to do . 
  that 's the problem . 
  i do n't know how many people are anti-kiev , and you do n't . 
  nobody does . 
  it 's not a problem that will be solved militarily * by either side * . 
  the only resolution can be discussions with the rebels about their greivances . 
  do they want more autonomy ? 
  are they concerned about ukraine joining the eu and possibly losing independence ? 
  if a partition is the only acceptable solution that allows both sides to pursue their wishes , that should n't be ruled out . 
  if the people in the regions concerned have a problem with their current status , then they should be allowed to express self-determination . 
  obviously for both sides , the proxy nature of the war makes it harder to see how much support there is for either side , but the ukrainian response has been quite unpopular and i do n't see the regions returning to ukraine without some serious negotiations . 
  it 's obviously difficult to tell in a proxy war how greatly one side is supported , but i know the ukrainian response has n't been exactly popular in the areas concerned . 
  if there are people who have a problem with being a part of the ukraine , then there should be discussions over the future of the relevant areas . 
  i know from our comfortable vantage points we say `` why the fuck would they be pro-russian ? 
  must be kremlin agents ! '', 
  but that is as much of a simplification as `` war of liberation against the fascists ! '', 
  there were plenty of allegations that the british government had been too ... tolerant of chechen terrorists and rebels . 
  my point is quite simple . 
  the west is supplying and backing the kiev government , ok ? 
  why is that any better ? 
  they shot down a transport plane . 
  you do n't need state of the art to do that . 
  the west supplies the new kiev government , and it 's all fine . 
  russia does the same and everyone loses their shit . 
  both sides have done plenty of bad things for no moral high ground to be claimed by either side . 
  the phrase `` he would say that would n't he ? '', 
  springs to mind . 
  all bets are off until some more ... reliable information is available . 
  as someone who is pro-withdrawal , i 'm happy with the current situation as a way of bringing about that referendum . 
  the bill for it is being reintroduced ( it passed the commons and was defeated in the lords ) and cameron 's office is hinting they would use the parliament act to overrule the house of lords to get it through . 
  at some point his bluff is going to be called and that will be the point that we get the referendum set in stone . 
  yes . 
  merkel is the closest thing the eu has to someone who sees the need for reform . 
  if she 's not on board for preventing a man who is a throwback to another generation from taking such a position , that 's quite a fundamental problem, 
  christmas comes early for the eurosceptics though as it makes what we all knew obvious to cameron : negotiating with the eu is like hitting your head on a brick wall . 
  time for merkel to start throwing more toys from the pram . 
  good move . 
  afd will make good partners for the tories in europe . 
  on another note , ukip will have difficulties being in the efd group and they , understandably , do n't want to join the group being built around fn * et al *, 
  did n't a load of them boycott b&q for expressing concerns about investment or something ? 
  yeah , they were dross . 
  but it seems my prediction came true quickly . 
  am i meant to consider them on another plane of existence ? 
  i have nothing against scots , i just enjoy the sense of humour deficit . 
  bring your best tracksuit as well lad . 
  meet me at the bus-stop at 8 m8 . 
  bring a crate of cider , a pitbull terrier and a [ fictitious police hard man ] ( http://images1.fanpop.com/images/image_uploads/ashes-to-ashes-gene-hunt-983108_700_860.jpg ), 
  most of us are secretly longing for the day the labour voters choose to erect a barrier between us and them . 
  then we can resurrect thatcher . 
  if she lives in scotland , she is . 
  i could move to scotland tomorrow , get registered to vote at a scottish address and vote in the referendum . 
  how long until harry potter books are boycotted by butthurt nationalists ? 
  dae enlightened and superior scandinavians ? 
  i 'm going to the peleponnese for two weeks of sunshine , ancient history and superior gyros . 
  aside from the fact i think it would be a great shame if , hypothetically , the incredibly rich cultures of europe were to become the minority within their respective countries , it does n't bode well . 
  society can only accept change up to a point , and i 've certainly seen quite a lot of sectarianism . 
  i worry that mismanagement by those perhaps for whom this means nothing more than a wider range of food choices will lead to more serious social problems . 
  this is a highly contentious issue and i can see the extremists of both sides are coming out of the woods . 
   before january britain fuck yuo , why have such big military and intelligence services , yuo are n't empire anymore  after january britain thanks , please save europe once again this is why we want to leave the eu . 
  you 're mostly right . 
  those from secular-ish islamic states such as turkey are less likely to be involved in such things than those from a country that has quite literally built it 's sense of nationhood over it 's islam , having previously been part of india, 
  scotland is increasingly unlikely to vote for independence ( and it was a bit of a long shot to begin with ) , but the nationalists seem to have this idea that post-independence they can join nato and have all the benefits , but with an absolutely minimal military . 
  france is going the way of economic basketcase and declining a fair bit , so who knows how that will pan out . 
  germany has n't every really had any real capacity or interests outside europe . 
  yeah , the opening line of beowulf, 
  yes , we bought the rockets off the americans , but the warheads and submarines are british . 
  they often have an insecurity over russia , i 've noticed , but then are perhaps unwilling to accept cuts in other places for stronger defences ( compare to other countries , such as here , where the 2010 defence cuts were incredibly controversial amongst the wider public ), 
  finland has a * very * different outlook and thus defence needs to the traditional military powers of western and northern europe . 
  for 4 million ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) people , it 's impressive . 
  finland 's not in nato so i did n't get the defence % of gdp of them . 
  greece was at the 2 % mark and germany was some way down . 
  the problem with counting reservists is that it makes nations with conscription such as finland look a lot stronger when you count troop numbers in isolation as conscripts spend several years on the reserve lists . 
  if / r/europe was anything to go by , putin 's welcome to the whole bloody lot . 
  fortunately , it 's not . 
  even so , you can not consider british and french nuclear weapons to be european by virtue of membership . 
  can you imagine the british or french , having spent billions on having some of the best military technology in the world , would let it be controlled by the eu ? 
  your argument is only valid if these weapons are under eu control , which they 're not and wo n't be , thankfully . 
  imagine what some inept moron like barroso would do with the red button . 
   we already have enough womd ah !, 
  you must mean britain and france , from a european view , with the usa also loaning weapons to several nato members . 
  the eu 's foreign policy has proven to be a farce and nato has successfully proven itself as able to join together all the member states in military terms . 
  if you do n't want us or russian involvement in europe , then the only option is for those countries that have got ` soft around the edges ' to join those who have taken their defences seriously . 
  because it 's the only choice in the immediate term . 
  the long-term option is to say `` britain and france are the only countries here pulling their weight , we should step our games up '', 
  given a choice between the usa and russia ( a false dilemma , but go along with it ) it 's a no-brainer . 
  if european countries other than britain and france took defence remotely seriously , then this would n't be needed . 
  being european is something to be accepted as a geographical reality . 
  it 's difficult , the countries we feel a closer cultural affinity to are not european . 
  britain , canada , the us , australia and new zealand have a common cultural heritage , shared ideas of freedom and all that . 
  america is the biggest by some way , but at least britain and a few others spend enough on defence to fulfill the 2 % of gdp they are obliged to . 
  i think we 've cut our defence spending too much and i would like to see a partial reversal of recent defence cuts , but that 's a difficult accusation to make . 
  nato is a us-dominated organisation , and what 's so wrong with that ? 
  better the americans than the alternatives . 
  i think one of the biggest delusions on this subreddit and in general discussion of the ukrainian crisis is that the eu is above the rules of geopolitics and ` power politics ' and russia has no right to be concerned . 
  putin might not be a * nice * man , but he is acting on a very long-running russian fear of western encroachment on russia , which has tended to also want buffer states .
