  i 'd be seriously worried about the impeding deflation crisis in the eurozone . 
  you thought inflation was bad ? 
  you 've never seen deflation in action . 
  there 's a reason japan has stagnated for 20 years . 
  glorious north sea gas masterrace reporting in . 
  it might be my inner country bumpkin , but i do n't see the problem with sport shooting . 
  on a side note , that controversy about butchers having carcasses in their front windows really pissed me off . 
  i do n't care if it scares kids , that 's where their meat comes from and they need to learn the facts of life . 
  i 've seen quite a lot of people doing clay-pigeon shooting with double-barrelled shotguns and you can apply for a shotgun licence somewhat easily . 
  i 've only shot airguns ( although i 'm going to give clay pigeon a go ) , but as you 've pointed out , it 's ridiculously inconsistent in many places . 
  that 's a decent compromise . 
  i 've never known anyone use a handgun for hunting or anything off-range . 
  seems strange to be allowing virtually all shotguns , but not a .22 single-shot pistol of the sort used in the olympics . 
  i think that the current stringent checks are fine and some sorts of weapons should n't be available , but outright and often very arbitrary bans do n't make sense a lot of the time, 
  it 's better to know where you stand , even in isolation , than to expect someone else to actually deliver on their promises , and for nobody to really know who is responsible for what . 
  at least the uk and france have pretences of being major world players with nuclear weapons and unsc seats . 
  nobody expects some tiny central european country to do this as well , but they should pull their weight if they want into collective defence , as in nato , rather than assuming the 3 nuclear powers of that bloc will bail them out . 
  the danger here is that who in europe really benefits from the ukraine being closer to us ? 
  i , for my part , care as much for the people of kiev as they do for the people of northern england . 
  collective defence leads to escalations beyond imagination , as happened before ww1 when the shifting equilibria of european international relations ( between 1815 and 1914 , the uk alone had periods of alliance and confrontation with most , if not all , of the great powers ) were solidified into power blocs which removed decision making from the political leadership and made another confrontation in the arse-end of europe escalate into the most destructive war the world had seen . 
  no , because national defence would be undermined if we let those perfectly happy to freeload off the usa , uk and france ( pretty much the rest of europe ) in on it . 
  speaking as someone with an interest in ir from the angle of a political historian , i 'm sceptical of an emphasis on theory , as i am with economics . 
  theoretical ir , like economics , often hinges on assumptions that are n't likely in the real world, 
   europe united . 
  so that 's britain and france with the rest on the sides , maybe doing a bit if it looks like it might be easy ? 
  well , i * ca n't wait * to die in that particular conflict . 
  why does the eu need to overcome it ? 
  england 's been independent for nearly 1000 years , we 've not magically forgotten how to into running our affairs well . 
  that 's frankly ridiculous . 
  should have waited until there was a union with a set starting point and worked from there . 
  my region has a very different economy to london , i live in a mostly industrial and agricultural region . 
  there is little of either in london . 
  however , because we have the same government , any imbalances in the economies can be addressed by government fiscal policy and nobody really objects to london tax money coming here or vice versa . 
  no , that was slightly facetious , but it 's the impression one gets . 
  common currency ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  whoever came up with that had to have realised how you can not marry monetary policy without having a fiscal union with incredibly different economies ? 
  when british workers become unemployed or have to take lower wages from uncontrolled immigration , that 's our fault , according to about 90 % of / r/europe meh , hopefully ukip will do well enough in may to get the referendum in 2017 as a concrete event with the necessary bills passed , not just a vague promise . 
  yeah , of course . 
  but it 's become so much more than that . 
  rather than a vehicle for facilitating trade , it 's become so much more . 
  possibly so , in which case i lament the fact we joined and are now caught up in the mess . 
  the eu was fine when it was a loose trading bloc with framework for good ties and co-operation in other spheres . 
  unfortunately , that is no longer the end game . 
  yeah , treaties that go the wrong way . 
  and all the times referenda have been promised and never happened . 
  no wonder people have had enough, 
  does n't farage have a better voting rate in strasbourg , 8 hours from his home in kent , than clegg does in westminster , who has a house in central london ? 
  that was the stat doing the rounds a couple of weeks ago . 
  the problem is that the eu seems unwilling to reform and take a step back , which is fine if that 's how the other members want to go , but it neither suits our interests or is what the people want . 
  a lib dem wipeout next year is more likely than a majority for either labour or the conservatives imo . 
  because of the wonders of our electoral system , you need to have a particular support base area or demographic , the lib dems are a bad name amongst their traditional student and farmer voters and the protest vote party is now ukip . 
  * however * this headline figure is only for people who are definitely 100 % voting , like myself and i imagine most people on this sub . 
  so there 's plenty of room for undecided voters to swing the overall result in another direction . 
  but 30 % turnout is about normal for european elections , so i doubt there will be too many of those . 
  cameron 's ignored it because he can not vote in the referendum and it 's not his question to answer . 
  which is understandable , the debate is between the people of scotland , not the first minister and prime minister . 
  alex salmond is toxic and i have a personal dislike of the man ( how am * i * responsible for the problems in scotland ? 
  ) , but says what people want to hear and he 's obviously reasonably intelligent in those terms . 
  it 's all very well blaming scottish problems on the english , but that 's not a way of speaking that 's conducive to good anglo-scottish relations . 
  they 've got their plans and they 're sticking to them , no matter how many holes are in them , which is admirable in a way though . 
  you 're spot on about labour though . 
  they maxed out the credit card to bribe the electorate . 
  i want an english devolved parliament with powers on the holyrood model . 
  not split into regions or that crap , all of england . 
  i 've got nothing against holyrood having increased powers , i welcome it . 
  scots get benefits we do n't and i would be comfortable with that if there was * no * question of the money for that not coming from taxes to holyrood . 
  i do n't know the current situation in detail , but that 's my view . 
  i also think that scottish mps should be barred from voting on purely english & welsh matters in westminister while english mps can not vote on scottish affairs . 
  we are all stronger for the union and moving to this model would make it work better . 
  ukip might throw a spanner in the works around here i think . 
  i think the snp govern better because they are good at gaining extra powers for holyrood as concessions . 
  which is fine , i think the way forward for the union is to go for a federal-states model with the 4 countries ( england can not be partitioned , despite being the dominant country , there is no way a non-arbitrary partition could be made ) having autonomy and westminister doing just foreign policy , defence and co-ordinating the 4 countries, 
  i 'm from nottinghamshire and i lean towards the conservatives more than any other major party . 
  i get genuinely pissed off by people telling me that i 'm somehow ` betraying ' my roots by not blindly supporting labour no matter what, 
  i 'm reminded of the time farage got shit in edinburgh and the snp response was that ukip is n't popular in scotland so it 's a moot point . 
  at which point is there a threshold at which your views become acceptable in the socialist utopia of independent scotland ? 
  a hero who 's in bed with putin ? 
  the doublethink would blow this place up . 
  yeah , it 's frightening , but i think they are completely aware of what they are doing , for better or worse . 
  by making russia the main player in the ukraine in this way , the events can be directed to further russian aims and ambitions with the figleaf of the crimeans covering them morally up to a point , or so they think . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madman_strategy merkel says he 's out of touch with reality . 
  he 's not . 
  this one is straight out of the cold war . 
  make the world think putin is mad or a ` hawk ' faction is pulling the strings in the kremlin and they 'll grant more concessions and tread softly . 
  putin 's not an idiot , he 's probably not that irrational . 
  i think he knows * exactly * what he 's doing . 
  he 's making russia the main actor driving events in a chaotic country . 
  we have indigenous drones recently unveiled . 
  if we can do it ourselves , there 's no need to complicate things with a multinational job, 
   not knowing about the rockape army  2014, 
  you sicken me . 
  subscribed , thanks for the share !, 
  it 's difficult to study political history and maintain an interest in foreign policy with an eye to a career in the field without being a massive military/strategy geek , i know your feeling . 
  i find strategies and plans more interesting than hardware though . 
  i do n't expect conventional war to break out to be honest . 
  if poland and eastern europeans escalated , boom , and we 're into practically cold-war-goes-hot scenarios . 
  interesting stuff . 
  fair enough . 
  i question multi-national work below a certain level , where language barriers are more challenging and the less training together has a great effect .
