in my case it 's one that looks smart and professional ( i have to follow a dress code for a job ) without being uncomfortably short, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-29929438 i did n't see it , but one of the two salmond effigies was blown up anyway, 
  actually [ they did n't ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-29929438 ) i 'm not surprised they did it anyway , there 's a very strong attitude against authority and particularly political correctness/health and safety amongst the organisers to the point that there is usually at least one effigy of a local official who tried to impose restrictions, 
  it 's all about the haircuts . 
  never have i looked so good since i moved towns to discover the barber in my new town was an italian, 
  because i 'm busy today and ca n't be bothered to trawl the archives of bbc news that 's the impression i get nonetheless . 
  even that video was `` muh tories '' , even though the council has no role in the effigies, 
  they never seemed capable of handling satire very well , anything , especially an english thing , that ridiculed salmond or the snp was because we were bigoted and proved their independence case , not because that 's what happens in public life here , if not in the people 's republic of scotland . 
  the reaction to the salmond effigy just proves it further , they burned thatcher last year and cameron in 2010 ( ? 
  ) , so it 's stupid to argue that salmond was singled out . 
  there was a russian flag draped around the back of the float iirc , and various bits of symbolism , but that 's not on the photo . 
  it 's part of the spirit of the event , it 's nothing personal . 
  i know the snp have a track record for no sense of humour though, 
  so it 's ok to burn the leader of russia or the uk but not scotland ? 
  i did n't realise salmond was a `` national symbol '', 
  why are the snp so incapable of handling the banter ? 
  i 'm going tonight , so excited for it, 
  there is n't going to be enough popcorn in the world for their next presidential elections in 2017, 
  british readers of / r/europe who rarely are able to go abroad , such as myself , sometimes have to pinch ourselves and remind us that this is just like being at an international swp meeting rather than an accurate representation of johnny european . 
  yeah , preventing conflict in europe is really going well , germany definitely is n't screwing over whole regions to prop up the economy of germany , just because it 's now economic and not military , does n't mean we live without conflict . 
  the eu does n't have existing framework that nato has , and it 's proven to be inept at foreign policy . 
  it 's not . 
  submarines are maintained at rosyth , in scotland , if not at the bases on the clyde and at plymouth . 
  ah , now you see my point . 
  who will the bombs come from ? 
  not continental europe that 's for sure . 
  it 's like you 've not been watching the news . 
  i do n't give a shit about the ukraine personally but most people in europe seem to . 
  you ca n't expect britain and the usa to be in charge of responding to that, 
  you 're welcome not to be in nato . 
  western europe has got soft , the world has n't changed . 
  we are the exception , not the rule . 
  but nato has to defend a country that is n't pulling their weight within the organisation, 
  what nato really needs is more freeloaders who will accuse the usa , britain and france of being warmongers and militaristic and then be the first to ask for help . 
  i spent some time in picardy last year and i was very surprised at how many kebab shops there were , rural areas in the uk rarely have them . 
  i went on holiday to greece and lived off gyros for two weeks , i ca n't have kebab or gyros at home anymore unless i 'm too drunk to notice, 
  the usa is no longer as interested in europe as they were , they are re-aligning to asia , and the uk wo n't shoulder europe 's burden , and the french ca n't . 
  it 's reckless , we 've got soft in the west . 
  that being said , i would prefer it if the uk remained the dominant european military power to assist in internet arguments against the french . 
  right , so that 's one country out of 26 eu member states on the continent ( and the irish do n't have the good grace to freeload off the usa , they freeload off us ) . 
  well done lads . 
  we spend quite some way over that , and given the uk 's role in the world , it would be silly not to . 
  if we want to still call ourselves world powers ( even 2nd-rate ones ) , we need to take it seriously . 
  but hey , europeans can just freeload off the usa , right ? 
  the problem people have is that it punishes the uk for actually having a successful economy , something that is a rare sight in the eurozone , and ultimately proves right those who say that we put in so much more than we get out, 
  hampshire, 
  i live on the south coast of england , rest assured i 've got my deckchair , telescope and family pack of popcorn on hand for all this . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  i mean that if the ecb would screw southern europe so badly to protect german exports , preventing their economic recovery through not enacting the expansionary monetary policy needed , it 's not a europe i want to be part of and i hope that the current system fails so a better one may arise , because the eu is beyond fixing . 
  europe wo n't fail , but the eu will . 
  nobody wants to see europe fail except for the ones running the eu , who would sell the lot to russia if it propped up german exports for another decade, 
  yes , i was chairman of the shadowy cabal meeting last week at buckingham palace in which the italians agreed to do this if we send some bank loans in their direction and help undermine germany . 
  the amount of credit that european conspiracy fanatics are willing to give our current political class is absolutely astounding . 
  any sort of political change is inherently risky though , so they 'll have to come up with something better, 
  appears to shoot down a lot of the stuff the lib dems * et al * have been putting about , like muh 3 million jobs . 
  it paints the picture of a uk that puts more into the eu with a trade deficit and very high net budget contribution than it gets out, 
  yes , diesel/electric submarines are by and large very quiet , and that goes for russia as well . 
  i was talking about nuclear submarines , both russia and british/american , just to clear up confusion . 
  i 'm actually a russophile in many respects . 
  that 's just how , as far as i know , it tends to be and certainly was the case 20 years ago , and russia probably had better boats in relation to the technology of the usa and uk then . 
  ca n't speak for russian boats , which have tended to be less sophisticated , but often british and american submarines are discovered by the * absence * of background ocean noise from the position they are at rather than the noise they actually generate, 
  one of my region 's meps , daniel hannan , [ has written ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100053519/the-european-arrest-warrant-and-the-modern-anti-dreyfusards/ ) about a case in greece where a british man was held without trial for 3 years with evidence obtained through beatings and false statements . 
  it 's an important check on the power of the state that guilt is not determined by them . 
  the state has to act as judge and executioner though . 
  i 've read a lot of cases ( during the debate on the eaw ) in which it appeared not to exist . 
  so you would rather the state was judge , jury and executioner ? 
  well , if that 's what you want . 
  got to have a stick to beat the europoors with . 
  seriously , how is it not a bit dodgy to have no trial by jury by default in which the judge decides guilt and passes sentence in the majority of cases ? 
  places with no * habeas corpus * , meaning that suspects can spend outrageous amounts of time under arrest without charge . 
  most brits do n't hold an opinion , but those who do tend to lean to that , because our legal system is fairer to the accused than most civil codes and that is something to be proud of . 
  we normally consider the judiciary to be an independent part of the state , with the executive and legislature as the other branches . 
  it might be independent from the others and is distinct , but the whole point is that the state does n't get to decide guilt or innocence as a matter of principle . 
  in the same way that the burden of proof must be placed on the accuser , it 's not a principle that can be budged on , because things get bad when they do . 
  most countries outside of western and northern europe operating this system are * not * democracies as we see them and problems do arise from this . 
   too far for the average briton this is why most people want to leave the eu . 
  it does n't make you sound clever to get on the * holier-than-thou * high horse , it just sounds butthurt . 
  the whole point is that the state ( ie the judge ) is n't determining guilt , the people are . 
  it 's a crucially important curb on the power of the state . 
  they may pronounce sentence and carry out punishment , but only after the citizens ( or 12 representatives ) have decided that they are guilty to start with . 
  possibly so , when roger casement was tried under this law in 1916 ( and hanged ) , the decision hinged on whether one could interpret it as criminalising * all * of the treasonous acts listed or just on british soil . 
  perhaps there 's mileage in the idea if new legislation was passed . 
  i would personally support such an initiative . 
  no government here will get genuinely tough on terrorism or the causes , it opens too many cans of worms . 
  it has several major advantages in that trial by jury is the default in criminal cases ( many brits , myself included , recoil at the idea of criminal cases not being tried by jury ) and it allows precedents to be set , so the system is continually updating and being changed by itself . 
  we 've never had a period of undemocratic rule in modern times , unlike most of europe , so there has never been an impetus to suddenly change legal systems or constitutional law . 
  basically , to you our system seems complex . 
  to us , the systems in much of europe seem quasi-fascist to those who take an interest in this sort of thing . 
  it 's differing perspectives . 
  it 's not something that can easily be written into a bill, 
  this is * not * binding , it is a motion , not a bill . 
  this means that the house has expressed a desire for this to happen , but it 's up to the government to decide if to follow it or not, 
  it 's a motion , not a bill . 
  so the motion was passed , expressing the house 's desire for this to happen , but ultimately it 's up to the government, 
  only if the manchester councillor is ukip, 
  bloody fenians do n't know how homoeroticism and full-contact sports made the empire, 
  in what world would it not ? 
  we also stole potatoes from irish children while chanting `` bullers '' and necking bottles of bollinger '76, 
  you think that 's bad , you should have heard what we were saying about ireland , scotland and wales in my last conservative party meeting . 
  basically we want to unite ireland ( not in the way they want to be reunited of course , but at least law and order will be restored to the rebellious fenians ) , sell scotland to our banker friends and turn wales into a massive power plant using the tears of orphans for hydroelectric power to fuel our private helicopters .
