   with the overwhelming british presence on this site , it is clear that other opinions do n't stand any chance . 
  you clearly have n't spent much time in a thread about cameron 's latest stand against the eu . 
  maybe he 's an arts student ? 
  because different economies need differing monetary ( exchange rates , interest rates and controlling how much money is in circulation ) and fiscal ( government spending ) policies . 
  either you go for a fiscal union and try and make a single large economy which can respond to uniform policy ( for example , northern england and western england have different economies , the former more industrial and the latter more agricultural , but because they are under the same fiscal ` unit ' , hm government , the monetary policy , from the nation 's central bank , can be uniform with possible regional policies under the government balancing it out ) or you allow each state to have it 's own currency . 
  now the former basically is n't going to happen any time soon so the latter is the only real option . 
  germany and greece are two radically different economies with different fiscal policies but * the same monetary policy * . 
  therefore , the monetary policy must either appease those running it ( with germany having the most influence over it ) or hit a middle ground that pleases nobody . 
  to summarise , everything is united or nothing is when it comes to shared currency . 
  there is no workable middle ground . 
  implying they do . 
  you ca n't have a currency union without a fiscal one , we 've all seen how it goes otherwise, 
  the big problem is that the environment agency appear to be more interested in wildlife than flood prevention . 
  fine , they 're both important , but spending more than it would take to dredge the levels on a bird reserve ( i ca n't remember exactly what it was ) is silly ( the quotes they gave are totally wrong , a mile of waterway costs around # 8,000 to be dredged , they claimed it was many times that ) . 
  the main thrust of his argument was that we should not give aid to other countries while this is going on . 
  maybe the ea follows eu rules , i do n't know , but they 're a complete shambles, 
  there 's an interesting ` insider ' blog from the environment agency . 
  it appears they 're just a complete clusterfuck run by inept hippies , did n't need the eu to make it more of a clusterfuck . 
  http://www.insidetheenvironmentagency.co.uk/ what farage is saying is that we should take the aid budget and use it for flood relief . 
  `` in this moment , i am euphoric , not because of any phony political union , but because i am enlightened by my currency '' nigel ` fedora ' farage, 
  what salmond is offering is n't independence . 
  it 's independence propped up by institutions they will have to leave in order actually have any real control over themselves . 
  the snp want to have their cake and eat it, 
  i just assumed it was muh heritage from people in the us who 've clearly never seen limerick . 
  ah , low taxes and ` liberal ' laws . 
  the old combo . 
  i think that uncontrolled borders can cause problems with regards to the issues large population increases cause , as well as the usual spiel about lower wages and increasing house prices . 
  for that reason , i tend to consider it separately to capital , goods and services . 
  in an ideal world , we would n't have this megalomaniac crap and we could have a nice little common market without the various things that have spawned with it . 
  in the real world , i do n't think switzerland is going to suffer too much , mostly banking and stuff there , no ? 
  [ yours tears are delicious ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n4hf8km.jpg ) more reasons to put the swiss flag up and buy more watches and cheese !, 
  ( i personally dislike swiss army knives though ) why should n't the swiss have control of their own affairs ? 
  it 's typical of the eu to ignore what the electorate want when it does n't suit them . 
  it 's all very well pointing to the treaty , but now the treaty 's been rejected by the swiss people . 
  i do n't holiday in southern spain or the algarve for that very reason . 
  entirely understandable, 
  thank you based spain for getting our pensioners and criminals out of the country . 
  back in the days of palmerston and disraeli this meant sending in the gunboats if those vile foreigners touched a hair on your head . 
  * sniff * good times, 
  we have a newspaper called the big issue here , which is sold by homeless people as a way of giving them an income and work ( of sorts ) . 
  within the past 3 years or so , it 's become so much more common to see quite obviously foreign citizens selling this paper ( often with romanian accents ) . 
  i 'm not sure what to make of this , surely they would be better off in romania ? 
  the bnp are probably closer to the npd , but they 're a complete spent force now, 
  there are somewhat substantial differences . 
  ukip are more aligned to classical economics and free markets as opposed to fascism which emphasises the state . 
  this is a good documentary , but i do n't know if non-brits can access 4 on demand or not . 
  if you can , worth a watch, 
  `` but , the americans want us to stay in the eu ! '', 
  rotterdam and warsaw may have something to say about that . 
   hitler was a charming chap i must have missed this bit of the curriculum, 
  in a war for national survival when they had already indiscrimately bombed us , the people at the time are unlikely to give too many cares . 
  also , precision bombing was a crude art at best and damned suicidal for the bombers a lot of the time, 
  i find that difficult to believe , given how civilians targets in poland and the netherlands were attacked in the way they were . 
  it was n't public , but it was drawn-out over several days and done by firing squad rather than the sole method for non-military crimes at the time , hanging, 
  we should have locked up all of the paramilitary leaders from both sides , thrown away the key and started again in 1998 with a fresh sheet and a new generation . 
  the fact that terrorists from both sides have put on suits and suddenly become ` respectable ' politicans is going to stop any sort of being able to move on from sectarianism, 
  the overwhelming justification at the time was that the germans started indiscriminate bombing attacks and it was worth it in the bigger picture if the war was shortened by it . 
  how much the war was shortened by is another matter . 
  you sick bastards . 
  i thought the whole purpose of the royal navy was to prevent this . 
  tfw even belgians are walking all over you, 
   gchq might be involved let 's not let anything as vulgar as actual evidence get in the way of the outrage bus, 
  kicking us out the eu ... oh , wait , we 'd like that . 
  nothing personal , but i 'd rather adopt one of the local stray cats, 
  what cameron needs to realise is that europe is n't going to go the way he wants it to go . 
  the best option is an amicable split for those not interested in further integration with free trade in goods and services , before we start to see a hypothetical situation of more eurosceptic nations stuck in some sort of united states of europe . 
  there is no way ukip are n't coming 2nd at least here , and i would not be surprised if they won . 
  from my conversations with friends on the continent , it seems to be heading towards the anti-eu vote ( writing this vote off as populist is lazy at best imo , it shows there is a massive problem that needs to be addressed ), 
  scotland is unlikely to vote to leave , but the fact there is a vote is unprecedented in british history . 
  it only worked under the popular figure of tito , iirc . 
  went to shit after he died i think, 
  the letter 's got it spot on , absolutely . 
  as was also pointed out , two democratic nations very rarely go to war . 
  the point the letter makes about shouting down criticism is another valid one . 
  too many times here and elsewhere , critics of the eu are shouted down as ` populists ' or whatever the word of the month is, 
  uk : england : insular , unemotional bigots scotland : mean penny-pinching communists wales : inbred sheepshaggers northern ireland : terrorists breakdown for ** england ** london : utter cunts to a person . 
  either scum-tier shop-looting cunts or posh cunts or oligarch cunts south east : posh and ignorant south west : farms and homemade cider east anglia : incest midlands : wasteland with laughable accents yorkshire : mines , cheap , friendly , muh beer , muh chips north west : thieves north east : friendly but a bit thick, 
  it has it 's moments , but it 's generally very good . 
  politically it tends to push a pro-monarchy and free market agenda , but has no party allegiance as such . 
  it 's managed to stay pretty high-brow with virtually no celebrity news and limited opinion pages, 
  i wo n't take any group with lord mandelson in it seriously . 
  but seriously , anyone who takes a newspaper other than the times or the ft ( the guardian and telegraph are prone to bouts of good journalism from time to time , admitted ) as a serious source of information needs to get their head checked . 
  the funds were for his capacity in owning land and the whole conservation thing , the newspaper is just a tangent . 
  should we say that anyone in receipt of money from the government is not allowed to oppose it ? 
  if we 're taking the `` he 's anti-eu '' angle , all papers should be getting grants or none . 
  their angle on the eu and overall ideology is a moot point . 
  `` for to be homosex yuo must into glitter '' - putin , 2013, 
  i do n't think there will be another expansion for a while . 
  my money would be on somewhere like montenegro though . 
  i do n't agree one bit with the methods the government there is using . 
  however , i feel no disdain for the police ` on the ground ' . 
  it is easy for us to sit in our warm homes and pontificate on them picking sides , but at the end of the day , that 's their livelihood and if they have a family , that family may well go hungry if they do n't continue with their work . 
  fairly enough . 
  but i think that without the single currency , they would have been able to pursue a monetary policy of , for example , low interest rates and devaluation to give spending and exports respectively a kick . 
  with a monetary policy that has to fit everyone without a fiscal union , there is no room for that . 
   it is not protectionism when we do it :d if you 're a developed country , it 's totally alright , but we need to make those damned poor people break down barriers . 
  right , so we can agree that the current system of the president of the council is n't exactly in harmony with democratic principles ? 
  i do n't doubt the uk has problems . 
  i do not have a devolved assembly when my welsh friends do . 
  but you can not compare four ` nations ' in a single state with already close ethnic , cultural , linguistic and historical connections to a europe of 28 nations with much more disparate interests and views .
