  when i did the german exchange , i got tea every morning , but when i go `` konnte ich milch haben bitte '' on the first morning , i got looks like i 'd taken my clothes off, 
  [  german plebs will never know the feeling of a nice cup of tea ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rzoipyi.gif ), 
  i added irish cos of ni , a situation i know little about , and decided to include it for good measure, 
  i could n't think of a more fitting word . 
  there 's no reason why a 2nd generation immigrant ca n't have an intense attachment to britain , but they are generally more likely to adopt britain rather than england , scotland or wales as a main identity . 
  i do n't believe there 's a major ethnic difference , the idea of anglo-saxon v celtic ethnicities has been largely rubbished with modern day dna-based studies . 
  there 's no reason why an immigrant could n't identify as english/scottish/welsh / irish , but most choose not to , it seems, 
  it does n't work for everyone , it 's a generalisation of sorts that tries to explain the overall trend . 
  it does n't mean it 's a rule . 
  i mean that * british * is a more inclusive identity and easier to adopt for 1st or 2nd generation immigrants, 
  the way it generally works is this : english/scottish/welsh / irish are the identities people who have origins in those countries will give themselves , and are generally regarded as separate ethnic entities ( regardless of the truth behind this , which has been cast into doubt recently ) with different cultures and language in some cases . 
  i identify as english and british , but i would choose english if i could only pick one , for example . 
  british is a self-identifier anyone in this country who identifies with britain * on any level * is likely to use . 
  ` british ' is n't the same as english or scottish in that it 's much easier to ` become british ' , which is largely a political and cultural idea , than to ` become english ' or ` become scottish ' , which runs deeper . 
  that 's why in the map , the areas with high immigrant populations are the ones with the highest proportion of people who identify as british and only british . 
  because most people in scotland will be voting against independence and it 's not a viewpoint many in wales or cornwall take seriously . 
  northern ireland can bugger right off though , let the republic foot the immense security bill, 
  belgium 's got big issues about language and culture i think . 
  went years without a government in power partly because of walloon/flemish divides . 
  i find the idea of being ruled completely from a country by what is tantamount to being a foreign power quite distasteful . 
  just because we are * granted * some autonomy by the lords and masters , it does n't mean i should be happy with the only country i have lived in , the only country i know , being erased into some larger entity . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like europe and europeans , but that does n't mean i want to see the united kingdom gone and replaced by a semi-autonomous province of the use . 
  it 's not xenophobic to be against that . 
  northern ireland is more like serbia , to be honest / s, 
  i think the european union needs to take a step back . 
  a ` united states of europe ' is unworkable due to the linguistic barriers and also the fact that most people do n't want their country to be wiped off the maps in place of an entity few people got to choose . 
  a free trade area and co-operation on policies ? 
  yes . 
  a single currency with the inherent flaws of that and policies aimed at benefiting the french and germans to the loss of all others ? 
  you forgot the supermarkets m8, 
  i 've got my cricket bat and broken bottles ready . 
  is it time yet ? 
  no matter the turn-out , the decision is final, 
  simple majority vote . 
  only 2 options , so it happens if the yes vote is bigger than the no vote, 
  thanks for that . 
  still a decent gap that i do n't think the snp can match up to though, 
  i 'm hoping to do an erasmus when i start at university . 
  i 'd very much like to go to italy , but it obviously depends on what links i end up having available, 
  well , that 's totally not petty and vindictive . 
  the uk is * not * a plaything for the other nations of the eu . 
  you have to deal with the fact that one of the big major players in the eu stands for free trade in a bigger way than the others and is more sceptical about the way the institution is going . 
  i tell you what , i hope bavaria goes so the germans will have a harder time trying to push everyone around , if that 's how it is, 
  51 % against , about 33 % for , iirc, 
  fish , chips and mushy peas . 
  accept no imitations . 
  it 's more that now scotland no longer takes a lot of money from the rest of the uk ( the extra funding is pretty much balanced out by oil and similar industry , especially after devolution ) they * could * fund themselves with no real change to what they have other than less defence spending . 
  i 'm sympathetic to this view , i think that a federal model with as much autonomy fiscally as is realistic for the nations ( possibly with london as a city-state ) is the way forward , but independence for scotland is less feasible than it was given how much they based it on oil revenues . 
  the problem with the reserves is that they are not as important as they were . 
  most of the money from the peak period of the 1980s-90s was used to finance increased welfare during the economic turmoils of the time . 
  the snp 's revenue projections are a joke after the price crash . 
  scotland gets more much more funding per head than england , this is partly because scotland is poorer ( the snp has actually done shockingly little in government to do anything about education inequality , preferring to go for the easy headline of no university fees while cutting the support and grants that actually help people ) , but it would be hard to argue that they do n't get their fair share unless we are saying that scotland should be independent for other reasons and have the oil on that basis . 
  the difference is largely made up by oil revenues , so we say that scotland is probably the only uk region that neither gives money or is subsidised , whereas northern england , wales and northern ireland tend to take more than they give . 
  scotland gives as much as it receives , the questions were more that scotland could husband their resources better . 
  it 's difficult to look at the composition of the last government and the problems of the west lothian question and feel much sympathy for that point of view . 
  i think that the catalan problems are different and never really got how seriously some take the solidarity thing . 
  scotland 's secessionist movement is more based on economics , that scotland does n't get a fair deal from the uk , whereas catalonia is one of the richest regions in spain and the issues are more cultural . 
  although to be fair it 's not unique . 
  on holiday in brittany i saw a good number of corsican flags being flown , corsica being the other region with a strong secessionist movement . 
  ` downtown ' london uwotm8, 
  countries with no sense of humour would war us probably, 
  if he wins , it would take a major economic crisis or political scandal in the next 5 years to prevent another tory majority . 
  there 's perhaps less anti-russian feeling culturally speaking , but a lot of distaste with the current regime . 
  jeremy corbyn and his ilk would support anything if it was seen to be against britain or british interests . 
  this country has a small yet vocal minority that seems to hate everything about the place but wo n't emigrate for some reason . 
  britain is probably a bit further behind , we have nothing quite as spread out as french polynesia , although the uk has more overseas territories overall . 
  absolute heroes . 
  there 's a mountain pass in the swiss alps , absolutely beautiful place . 
  i threw up all over it on my first foreign holiday without my family . 
  because research studies into the drinking practises of brits on holiday and the towel practises of germans on holiday have been done . 
  you people joke , but i spend at least half my holidays abroad a quiet sobbing mess with 3rd degree burns all over my body, 
  #ladsontour 2k15, 
  i know it was a training exercise , but no proper army trains with broomsticks, 
  the only broomsticks they have are for cleaning , not putting on tanks, 
  armed to the teeth with broomsticks ? 
  the only eu countries with armies worth the name are britain and france . 
  france is bankrupt and we 'll be leaving soon . 
  if only european armies actually had tanks , they could crush the refugees under them ? 
  i 'm not euphoric enough for that, 
  france is where we were 40 years ago . 
  forget greece or any of the countries with interesting interpretations of democracy , france is the sick man of europe . 
  i would say they need a thatcher but the only major female politician they have is absolutely barking . 
  more like from 4m to 8m and back down to 4m in the first half of the 19th century , any further depopulation was later emigration driven by economics rather than famine . 
  still a massive population change that we ca n't use to compare to the balkans but less than that . 
  i 'm doing erasmus next year and although i 'm doing it so i can experience another culture in a way i will likely never get another chance to , i will probably want a bit of english food sometimes and to meet up with other brits occasionally to chat about stuff from home that people in my host country might not understand or be up to date with, 
  / u/futski on tour probably, 
  i would post about our government doing well , but frankly i 've not the time or interest for the argument that would cause, 
  it 's that or something about our royal family . 
  i guess the government is doing a pretty good job . 
  there will soon be a referendum on britain being an eu member, 
  they do n't make them like him anymore , rip, 
  i do n't mind , we invented humour so it 's all ok . 
  i just think they would n't be able to take it back, 
  pretty solid . 
  mind you , if we did a thing like that about the germans on tv , / r/europe would go into meltdown . 
  the butthurt is very strong even though it is funny, 
  that 's part of my point . 
  we should have turned the empire into a confederation of independent states with collective defence and free trade but with a constitutional tie through a shared monarchy . 
  i would have seen what those pesky nazis were up to and not tried to appease them . 
  i would also have granted ` dominion ' status , or independence in all but name , to india and the other major colonies , with a long-term view towards a federation of independent countries under the monarch .
