  i hope you realise that spying is only wrong when anglophones do it . 
  whereas the ukraine and belarus are culturally pretty close to russia , the baltic states are not and they are viewed differently . 
   may is the key word . 
  he is not going to . 
  we did n't have to intervene in the ukraine and i personally was opposed to military involvement , but if one of the baltic states was threatened , to * not * intervene would destroy western security overnight . 
  that is the key difference and why it is so unlikely to happen . 
  putin might be a bit of a twat , but he is not an idiot and he will not push his luck . 
  i find the dick-waving on / r/europe about war with russia slightly disturbing , such talk is often a self-fulfilling prophesy . 
  the russians are something of a paper tiger , and they certainly do not want all-out war . 
  well , estonia . 
  i 've heard good things about the estonians from afghanistan . 
  they are already valuable allies in the region , the ukraine is not an ally . 
  simple . 
  we are not obligated to defend the new kiev regime as we are to defend the baltic states, 
  the ukraine is part of the russian ` near abroad ' , not wholly against the wishes of many in ukraine , whereas latvia is obviously aligned to the ` west ' . 
  those who want a war will be disappointed, 
   not realising that russia wo n't do shit against a nato member because that really would mean war . 
  whereas the ukraine was a bi-polar entity to begin with , the baltic states are nato members who contribute a lot considering their populations . 
  there is no comparison and those who think so seem to be the ones getting excited at the prospect of a war . 
  like russians but slightly less scary . 
  slightly . 
  most people do n't hear about the ukraine in their everyday lives and as such have no strong views . 
  the english-language naming is a clusterfuck ( is it like this in other languages ? ), 
  i can see how people get confused between the council of europe , european council and council of the european union . 
  from the point of view of the ` westminster model ' , there is no need for both the commission and the european council . 
  if we take the ec and/or the ceu ( you see the problem here ) to equate to a cabinet with the head of government at the top , the commission is then largely redundant . 
  the european parliament is a farce , a charade . 
  if you want a workable government , that 's where the power should lie , along with the european council ( or , indeed , the ceu ) * not * with the commission . 
  a frequent analogy is the commission being like the british civil service , this does not fit . 
  civil servants are much more directly accountable and under the control of elected officials than the commission is . 
  now i feel important !, 
  cheers mate, 
  i 'd searched for pics of far-right groups at euromaidan so assumed that was one . 
  i have definitely seen pics like that from that though . 
  it 's a tiny minority , i know , but my point is hardly complex !, 
  yeah , i know it 's got a distinct identity . 
  i just wonder what the point is . 
  i think more localism is the way forward for the uk but this seems strange . 
  bit strange if you ask me . 
  a lot of counties have distinct identities , flags , etc , but yorkshire , for example , wo n't be granted minority status . 
  the language should be kept going as a point of interest and pride in one 's roots , but , unlike in wales , where about 15 % of people are native welsh speakers or have welsh for everyday use , there are no native speakers of cornish, 
  http://pbs.twimg.com/media/bk42ow6icaaikmu.jpg:medium might be a tiny minority , but pics like that play into russia 's hands . 
  all i 'm saying . 
  i do n't know the truth of the matter and i 'm saying it 's been exaggerated , but there definitely were fascist flags and banners ( the name right sector was thrown around , but i do n't know much about them ) . 
  might have been a tiny subset , but that 's all it takes to give the rest a bad name, 
  i live in one of the five danish boroughs . 
  of course we secretly do . 
  but only if you gib lego and put martin rohde in charge of police, 
  when you 're in suffolk and there is literally nothing else to do , you might be tempted, 
  when the revolution happened , there were fears of a far-right takeover and certainly a few neo-fascist flags were photographed inside the parliament building or the kiev town hall ( i forget which ) . 
  it 's not necessarily an accurate angle , but my interpretation is those in eastern ukraine appear to be saying * why do they get to overthrow a regime they do n't like and we do n't ? 
  king alfred aliv in england wessex + mercia + east anglia + northumbria = kill denmark, 
  the best of luck to you !, 
  honestly i agree about the eu , but i 'm not convinced a full union between current states really adds anything new , even if it 's the nordic council . 
  also because i live in the former danelaw , i am scared of denmark becoming strong and invading once again ; _ :, 
  problem is for the nordics is the low population . 
  denmark , sweden and finland combined have a smaller population than southern england ( for the pedants here , i 've defined that as the london , east anglia , south east and south west regions ) thus a much reduced voice in the parliament in comparison . 
  we say that here as well , probably rightly , that what is the mainstream in france , germany or the low countries , is n't the mainstream here and the political culture is quite different ( the often abrasive manner of nigel farage , for example , is nothing worse than a particularly hostile prime minister 's questions , but is out of the ordinary for the rest of europe ) . 
  do you think a complete union of the 5 nordic states into one federal state is workable , or do you just mean closer ties ? 
  do n't forget the nannies and domestic staff !, 
  can i nick that phrase ? 
  nobody thinks that russia buying up kensington is a good thing , not even the londoners . 
  if we could get rid of them and then do the whole `` yuo need to actually live here to own a house '' thing like in copenhagen , for example , it would be a win-win . 
  not a word about similar german protests and reluctance , or that of any other country , surely ? 
  i think the property market would be improved if we got rid of all the russian oligarchs myself . 
  i know , your planes are pretty cool . 
  pardon my piss-taking . 
  the americans are within every right to try and find out what a country with cosier relations to russia and iran than perhaps the rest of europe is thinking with regards to those powers . 
  the issues regarding energy security from the context of sweden , one of nato 's main non-member allies , are quite enough . 
  obviously muh mass surveillance is wrong , but iirc there 's no proof of that ( feel free to correct if i am wrong ) . 
  the only reason merkel wants into the 5 eyes is so germany can get more intel without having to , you know , gather it themselves . 
  so bjorn and torsten are to be joined by henning ? 
  nice . 
  like that shite with kay burley this morning probably summed it up for a lot of people . 
  an establishment unable to give people a positive alternative trying to deride a man with a german wife and who has never publicly said anything against foreigners * per se * instead of immigration as some sort of racist . 
  as far as i can tell , support was overwhelmingly with nigel on that . 
  if ukip do n't get a plurality of meps in 4 weeks , it will be a failure for them . 
  they 're odds on according to virtually all ` in the know ' . 
  to give you an idea , i am a student at a 6th form college ( upper sixth masterrace ) and the majority of those of us who can and will vote are voting ukip . 
  when a load of 18 year old students are voting for a party that is self-described as right-wing , something big 's changed . 
  get over to polandball before it 's too late . 
  we 've taken over . 
  happy st george 's day !, 
  honestly , i 'm tempted by ukip . 
  i 'll probably vote for them in the euros because i am pro-withdrawal , but in the domestic scene , they 're a somewhat sensible ( minus the fruitcakes , but i love fruitcake , so whatever ) party who seem to be giving liblabcon a bit of fresh air . 
  i do n't like the way farage is quick to blame outsiders , but i do n't think he can be called a bigot or anything . 
  those quizzes tend to give  60 % for all parties . 
  when i did it i scored ukip , tory , labour in that order but no party , not even the greens , scored less than 55, 
  actually it tends to be those with eu flags who do n't like a bit of a giggle . 
  bnp is `` i failed to get into 6th form '' , is n't it ? 
  absolutely !, 
  i own a blue striped tie like what their leader sometimes wears , so it 's just such a good idea, 
  i 'm closest to the conservatives because my favourite colour is blue . 
  what about you guys ? 
   posh little hands well , a reply from you just would n't be the same without a little dig !, 
  what happened to stiff upper lip ? 
  if the eu wants to give false hope to a new government and then fail to give any real support , that 's the bed they made . 
  i notice that germany has suddenly backed down from sanctions on fears of economic problems . 
  they are already quite cosy with gazprom , so who would have guessed !, 
  the crucial difference between someone like ashton and a senior civil servant is that sir humphrey of the civil service comes under much closer scrutiny from elected officials than does baroness ashton .
