  we are , as you may be aware , squaring up to russia . 
  the german reluctance to respond firmly is largely to do with the cosy relationship with gazprom and fears of what economic sanctions could lead to . 
  some of this is just unfortunate that germany has a very small slice of the north sea oil/gas pie , but a lot of is the consequence of previous policy . 
  there is little that could destabilise the middle east more than a nuclear iran , if that happened , it is very likely what was until recently unthinkable , a saudi/israeli pact , would happen . 
  germany is iran 's largest trading partner and has been of assistance to their nuclear program , which , admittedly , appears to have slowed down . 
  we , simply , do n't trust germany like how we trust the americans , canadians , australians and new zealanders . 
  that 's why germany wo n't be allowed into a club that was n't meant for her . 
  because the current `` 5 eyes '' no-spy deal between the 5 ` anglosphere ' powers is made up of countries with very closely aligned international interests in addition to strong cultural , linguistic and historical affinity and friendship . 
  none of the european powers are close enough to that . 
  germany is cosier with russia and iran , for example , than perhaps many in the usa or even uk governments are going to be completely comfortable with . 
  as someone else has pointed out , there 's plenty to explain why germany can not be 100 % trusted . 
  which is fine , germany is a sovereign state and a close partner in many respects , but if the germans are going to play dodgy moves behind closed doors , they ca n't expect the return not to happen . 
  it 's just how it works . 
  britain and france have probably never had better relations than in the last decade , but there is no agreement not to have active spies in eachother 's countries without permission , and we can safely assume there are dgse people in britain and mi6 in france . 
  i went over at 6am and that was incredibly quiet . 
  it was the boat back at 7pm that had the trolleys full of vodka, 
  `` russian military in russian military bases '' in other news , the pope has been revealed to be a practising catholic . 
  a lot of the old soviet sympathisers retain a certain affection to the current russia . 
  if it 's against the interests of britain and the west , the readers of the guardian will be fully paid up supporters . 
  i 've said this a few times . 
  i 'm no lover of putin , but the way in which russian people seem to be reduced to a 2nd class state on here in the last few weeks is quite concerning . 
  it 's like we 've never learnt the lessons of the past . 
  i did n't buy booze on the boat because i only had 70 euro for 8 days it was absolute carnage at the harbour , i got picked up , cruising past all the tiny cars being crammed full of booze, 
  you 're american so presumably the joke flew over your head , but i was taking the piss slightly . 
  if you mean germany , they were/are sufficiently cosy with people such as iran that knowing what they 're up to can probably be justified . 
  not the ordinary people , of course not , but if you 're a world leader , being spied on and spying on others is part of the game . 
  how could they ?!, 
  i have fond memories of inadvertently getting onto a booze cruise after a day trip to tallinn from finland . 
  it can get a bit ugly here against normal russians i think . 
  i 'm no fan of putin , but i do n't think that 's the right approach, 
  i 've always been struck by , not only the eu , but the wto and similar global bodies , the tendency to want the rest of the world to open up to europe and north america , but for it not to be reciprocated . 
  which i can sort of understand , i can see why a complete free trade deal with china would be against the interests of european countries . 
  their trade practises are n't exactly brilliant , as you 've rightly pointed out . 
  imperial preference was mostly proposed by joseph chamberlain in particular in the 1890s , and others in the 20s and 30s , but failed to take off , because a mostly anti-protectionist electorate voted against the proponents of it . 
  the commonwealth has tended to increase trade between members , but without any formal framework . 
  a country would have more control , notwithstanding other actors , if it was a member of a free trade bloc rather than the current customs union and was free , therefore , to pursue it 's own trade deals , even with less bargaining power . 
  eh , i 'm slightly concerned an understanding criticism of the russian government is spilling over into some sort of racist thing against the russians . 
  yes , if we did a norway . 
  i do n't support that option because of that reason . 
  there 's no chance of reform to make the organisation workable , the only option is an amicable clean break . 
  it 's a step in the right direction , but it 's not as good . 
  i know a degree of protection is the norm , i just do n't feel an economic policy built around keeping competition from asia out instead of doing what they should be doing and competing on quality and value is sustainable . 
  for example , aerospace is easier for those in europe to have a very real advantage in than steel or cars . 
  the eu might have a lot of comprehensive free trade agreements , but how can one maintain a coherent policy in trade and economic policy when you do n't control your own trade policy ? 
  now , that is more a question of sovereignty , but the point stands . 
  in being a part of this , we 've left our traditional trading partners in australia and new zealand in particular , who despite being so far away , exported a considerable amount of agricultural products in particular here , and for what ? 
  i 've got up a list of eu free trade agreements , and it 's mostly non-eu european states with a few other places scattered around . 
  as eu-sceptic i am , i agree that 's not a good outcome . 
  the main economic argument revolves around the fact that the world is bigger than europe and being tied into a protectionist bloc does n't help us , especially not for an economy which has successfully made the leap from heavy industry to finance as the primary focus . 
  leaving only to still tie yourself to that is frankly defeating the object . 
  nobody says we should n't trade or be on good terms with europe , but the norway option is probably nearly as bad . 
  we already have our own regulations and have been able to enforce them ourselves . 
  perhaps another layer above what is already adequate is unnecessary . 
  never let the truth get in the way of hating the russians . 
  how will i get my watches and toblerone though ? 
  monsters . 
  why switzerland ? 
  the standard choice for a dumping ground has always been , and will always be , the shetland isles . 
  followed by mainland scotland because that could n't get any more shit, 
  no , too many people see it as an article of faith , a sacred cow that must * never ever * be reformed to fix problems because to do so would be sacrilege . 
  it 's politically toxic to consider such a thing , i , as most do , agree with it in principle, 
  there 's not been . 
  some reforms and stuff have come through , but it 's remaining free-at-point-of-use as ever, 
  fair enough , but i think i 've seen a lot to the tune of the * status quo * being more attractive . 
  honestly , i do n't think ni leaving would really cause any objections over here . 
  the point is that , even 15 years ago when many catholics might have wanted reunification , today many of them are ok with the * status quo * today post-1998 . 
  the days of catholic = nationalist are pretty much over . 
  the agreement of 1998 had the roi remove their claim , on the understanding a reunification would happen if it was ever backed by a majority in ni . 
  as i said , this was 6am this morning , i did n't have a chance to get details . 
  my point is that the pro-russians wo n't go away and the settlement has to accommodate them , despite what many here seem to think, 
  i know the difference , however , i was woken up this morning by my radio telling me of some sort of crackdown on the protesters on donetsk and kharkov . 
  i worry it could escalate like that , the new government is both unstable and unable to respond in any other way without accepting that ukraine as it currently is can not stay . 
  it needs massive internal reforms , partition or something . 
  reagan was more astute than intelligent . 
  he did well because he was both a good ` people person ' and a visionary , leaving the details to the people around him , who , fortunately for him , were generally competent . 
  these are the same things the euromaidan people did , yet they were cheered on by people here . 
  this is what most of the posters on here are missing out . 
  the eastern ukrainians have the same rights we are so quick to afford to the more pro-european west . 
  even if that means autonomy , partition or remaining on the fence between russia and nato , it is deeply hypocritical to criticise russian actions and then to trample over the wishes of the russophone , often pro-russian , regions of the country . 
  russia might be just another unstable autocracy , but if that 's what they want , who are we to say otherwise ? 
  this is a map of the * status quo * . 
  it has generally been accepted for a decade at least that of the former ussr states in eastern europe , belarus , the ukraine and moldova lean to russia and the baltic states to nato . 
  if you 're going to go expansionary on the eu , you have to be willing to fire off strongly worded notes when other powers take exception . 
  i personally think putin 's doing the ` madman doctrine ' that nixon used . 
  by making the rest of the world think he is erratic , unstable and prone to violence , he is able to gain more concessions , as here where he 's kept russia in control of events in the ukraine partly through erratic and inconsistent decisions . 
  nixon , for example , would have us bombers fly around the edge of russian airspace while his advisors dropped hints to the kremlin that they were doing all they could to rein him in , and made the communist bloc think he was willing to go nuclear over vietnam . 
  ooh !, 
  ooh !, 
  mrs merkel , i am really good at writing letters full of disgust and pomposity . 
  i 'll send a letter to putin telling him just how cross i am if you want . 
  ** uk ** round 2 of the farage/clegg europe debates . 
  the consensus is that whereas round 1 was a score draw , this one was dominated by farage and clegg was largely unable to avoid playing into his hands , that is , to appear like a spineless career politician with a seat on the brussels gravy train post-2015 . 
  a post-debate poll shows around 68 % of viewers believe farage got the better of clegg . 
  the dawlish line reopened after being destroyed in a storm 10 weeks ago , restoring rail services to cornwall and west devon . 
  the culture secretary , maria miller , has been involved in an expenses scandal . 
  the olympic park was re-opened by prince william , opening it to public usage . 
  the main stadium will be reopened in 2016 . 
  a large sandstorm coupled with naturally cloudy weather resulted in a smog over southern and eastern england for about 4 days . 
  margo mcdonald , darling of the snp in the 70s and a tireless independent msp in the current scottish parliament , has died . 
  this might help us [ clear up the confusion about who is who ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100265859/can-anyone-tell-the-main-euro-parties-apart/ ),
