  the problem is that , how can an arch-federalist accept that we do n't want the same that they want ? 
  eurocrats do n't get to spend all their time bashing the people of this country and then expect sympathy . 
  surely having a reform-friendly president ` oils the wheels ' though ? 
  to be honest , none of the frontrunners would allow reform . 
  this is christmas come early for eurealists such as myself though . 
  bring on the referendum . 
  scotland , wales and ni are not politically that different from england . 
  the scots might tend to vote centre-left , but there is no real difference in polling on the eu in england or scotland . 
  it will benefit you . 
  when we leave , it will be easier for those who want to become german protectorates to do so , and those who do n't can follow our example . 
  everyone gets what they want . 
  cameron 's whole point was that we could reform our position in the eu . 
  juncker wo n't allow that . 
  he 's got no choice but to admit there is no chance of reform , and he is looking like supporting a withdrawal vote in the referendum , the bill for which has already been re-introduced to parliament, 
  just wondering , but why do you say ` england ' when you mean the uk ? 
  i 've been to ypres twice , being a bit of a ww1 anorak . 
  if you 've not gone , go . 
  it 's a very memorable experience . 
  the greeks might have invented romance , but it took the romans to make it heterosexual, 
  i thought that was implied ? 
  you see , the germans have finally worked out what we civilised germanic folk , we british and dutch , worked out 400 years ago . 
  that is the best way to conquer or , indeed , anschluss , is through banks and trade . 
  all merkel is doing is taking * the flag follows the trade * to a whole new level . 
  yes , as important outside influencers like , say , russia . 
  turkey might want to be european , but they 're not and will never be . 
  russian history is intertwined with europe as well , if anything more so . 
  if russia is not european , then neither is turkey . 
  the turkish leadership are n't exactly upstanding individuals these days in any case, 
   arguably turkey russia is more european than turkey is , at least they 've got most of their people living in europe . 
  turkey just grabbed a little corner and retained it so they can still say `` we of europa '', 
  second empire when ? 
  seriously it 's mad that we would n't put our anglosphere allies , who have actually stuck with us when it mattered , first . 
  it 's exasperating . 
  we would n't like to leave our buddies in the netherlands and scandinavia to them , but we have , from a self-interest point of view , very little to gain and much to lose by not getting out when we can . 
  on one hand , drinking the tears of german newspaper editorials is fun , but on the other , it betrays a certain contempt for the idea of there not being federalism . 
  the only hope is that the more anti-integration countries could follow a british example . 
  we could co-operate very well with the more anti-federalist countries outside the eu if they left after us . 
  british empire mark ii : now with more slavs anthem : rule britannia head of state : queen lizzy capital : london central bank : bank of england currency : pound sterling measurements : imperial national sports : cricket or rugby national animal : hedgehog national dishes : sunday lunch or fish and chips national drinks : tea or bitter beer ( none of those flavourless foreign imitations thanks ) armed forces : hm forces with auxilaries from the continent . 
  regiments will be raised in the continent . 
  * queen 's own german grenadiers * anyone ? 
  transport : left side of the road this is the only use i can accept , but i can compromise on the national anthem and let it be rule britannia or land of hope and glory, 
  i hope you realise how much of a field day we would have if lizzy was subservient to some barmy brussels bureaucrat who had noshed off enough leaders and became head of state, 
  we 've got more in common politically with the usa and australia . 
  shared founding principles and historical ties and all that . 
  not saying muh freedoms are unique to the anglosphere , but we had it first and with less violence . 
  given a gun-to-head `` you must choose washington dc or brussels '' , i would choose washington dc and i 'm not sure i know many people who would go the other way . 
  the best thing brown did as chancellor was curb the ambitions of bliar by setting 5 impossible to reach requirements, 
  what my ancestors 200 years ago would have believed in would easily count as fundamentalist christianity today , and they were n't american . 
  i do n't think you realise how much of a shitstorm darwin caused . 
  his work flew in the face of literally all prior thinking on how animals came to be and caused incredibly heated and intense public debate . 
  it was quite the common theory before darwin , with all due fairness to our american cousins, 
  the eu 's actions in the ukraine seem to be led by an assumption that they are above the normal rules and russia is just being unreasonable , rather than acting on fairly understandable fears they have . 
  i get your distinction . 
  what i 'm suggesting is that it would be difficult , if not impossible , for , say britain and france , to have a war while both were nato members because of the collective defence agreements involved there . 
  it 's a funny historical bit of trivia . 
  150 years ago , the germans were stereotyped by the british as slightly feckless and emotional but highly intellectual and creative , but the french were seen as the cold-hearted war-mongers . 
  they have completely switched around, 
  it 's difficult to fight a conventional war when you 're all in the same military alliance though . 
  the problems of eu foreign policy and the bizarre assumption that the normal rules of geopolitics and foreign relations do n't apply as the eu integrates further and expands makes it hard to see it as a force for peace . 
  putin gets a lot of shit here and fair enough , he 's not a * nice * man , but he 's acting on a very russian insecurity of invasion from the west and it 's ridiculous for the eu to assume that does n't matter . 
  no , the daily sport . 
  2 months ? 
  christ what are you ? 
  a. . . a. . * nationalist * ? 
  because we 've spent * centuries * fighting against the idea of a single authoritarian state taking over all of europe and threatening our freedoms ^ ^ tm . 
  the irony in having that flag all over the ww1 commemorations is there . 
  in any case , nato is the main cause of peace in europe , not the eu . 
  the eu is destabilising the continent . 
  the commoners are only to be respected when they accept that the guardian knows best . 
  if we 're lucky , the wiltshire riot squad will beat them up in an ancient ritual . 
  if it makes you feel better , the anglo-saxons and later the danes ( or at least , the ` warrior class ' that came over and the people that were under them ) were pagan here for several centuries after the britons converted to christianity . 
  you would be surprised at how common they are in countries with decent-sized armed forces . 
  because of the way they structure things and the role of the russian army , if it is n't bordering the ukraine , it does n't matter . 
  the forces of the central military district are commanded as such and are unlikely to leave that area . 
  making the assumption this is n't a drill as is carried out by militaries all the time not realising that `` central russia '' refers to the central russian military district , which is at least 1,000 miles from the western frontier . 
  never change / r/europe /, 
  how else are we meant to get headlines for the sunday tabloids ? 
  not putin or the eurofanatics ^ ^ tm then ? 
  hopefully the swedes will succeed where british justice has failed . 
  these practises have no place in any civilised country . 
  some schools are allowed to set their own curricula to different degrees , as long as they follow a basic structure that is laid down . 
  so this had lead to hardcore muslim and christian groups having schools in which the required material is covered very briefly before moving onto what they consider their interpretation . 
  it has been islamic schools in the firing line for this in particular . 
  i did gcse religion quite recently ( 3 years ago ) . 
  basically everybody must do christianity and the catholic/protestant differences of view ( protestant taken to mean anglicanism or lutheranism with examples from both given and treated as distinct ) and one other faith they would then study for the exam ( so i did judaism ) , but all of the 6 faiths with a community of note in the uk ( christianity , hinduism , sikhism , islam , judaism and buddhism ) are covered in varying amounts of detail . 
  so , it 's inherently impossible to take it all literally and it 's more about understanding other viewpoints than working out your own . 
  the status of the uk as a christian country is often emphasised in religious education ( but also the way that church songs and the local priest coming into school to tell stories was a pretty common part of my , and that of most people 's , childhood ) and christianity gets the most classroom time , but it 's never said that one must agree or disagree with what is said . 
  you forgot gypsies . 
  be pro or anti , one mention of the g word sends the online community of yuropeans into meltdown, 
  it 's funny because all the internal market stuff introduced in the late 80s/90s was meant to make it better with more patient choices , but it was cheaper without it . 
  we could make it the cheapest and retain all the services by going back to the pre-internal market model . 
  i 'm as much a good little classical liberal as the next man , but there are some things the free market does n't do as well . 
  there is no obligation to have insurance in the uk , although many people do have some charges to dental treatment , but that 's nothing new . 
  there 's no sun to hide ourselves from in the first place, 
  yes , of course they 're not attacking * random * towns . 
  a common phenomenon in warfare is that , if someone is in a town that is shelled * regardless * of if it is rebel-held or not , they will take a mild disliking to those responsible . 
  it 's strange , i know , but it might lead to future problems . 
  how will killing them all help bring about peace ? 
  have you heard the phrase `` no smoke without fire '' ? 
  the fact that these rebels exist and can sustain themselves in the regions is indicative of a major problem that wo n't be solving by indiscriminate violence .
