  having trained together does n't mean they will be working as well together as a battlegroup that a single army will create . 
  in any case , i 've not been hearing much good about the swedish army lately . 
  perhaps we could find a better candidate to lead yurop into battle for ww3 ? 
  i agree russia in the crimea would be a bad thing . 
  but we are no longer willing to play the game of power-politics and * realpolitik * anymore for some reason . 
  complaining and questions of morality do n't force a power to back down . 
  any hypothetical involvement would be usa/uk/france with any others who want to join crimean war ii : now with more light brigade joining in on the fun and games . 
  i do n't see the eu providing the framework for an intervention given how unwilling most member states are to indulge in the sort of pragmatic , if slightly less principled , foreign policy that gets results . 
  perfidious albion 's glorious machiavellian policies are the way forward !, 
  so ... war might be a good thing because we might integrate armed forces one day ? 
  if there 's an intervention , god forbid , it will be a us/uk/france job . 
  from a military point of view , how well integrated are these units though ? 
  they might look nice on paper , but if they 're not integrated and working together , what 's the point ? 
  for example , is there a common language ? 
  also , why should we send our soldiers to die over a region where a majority * want * to secede anyway ? 
  maybe a full takeover of the ukraine , but it 's not become that and it wo n't escalate that far , putin 's too clever to blunder like that . 
  i 'm slightly more interested in the world news/politics coverage . 
  broadly speaking , the times has a good 15 or so full pages of international news , whereas the guardian has very little and what they have tends to be highly politicised . 
  the current crisis in venezuela has been reported poorly in this country because a lot of the left have said that venezuela is an example we could follow . 
  now that the government they chummed up with are killing people on the streets of caracas . 
  with greece , what else was greece to do ? 
  what people ca n't fathom is that they had , literally , no money at all . 
  none . 
  a financial crisis is n't the time to revert to drachma , either . 
  anti-austerity is for domestic consumption , the guardian 's the only semi-decent paper that was an outspoken critic of the current government 's policies, 
  that 's not saying much though . 
  i think that the only newspapers one can , broadly speaking , take seriously without reading between the lines are the time and financial times . 
  the independent 's something of a ` viewspaper ' full of columnists nobody actually likes and the telegraph is ok , but errs to the moronic sometimes . 
  it 's a translation job . 
  the germans call their prime minister-equivalent the chancellor, 
  the guardian is the most disgustingly ` liberal elite ' ivory-tower tabloid crap out there . 
  and there are people who take it seriously . 
  it tends to the pro-eu side , however . 
  how many free submarines did you give to switzerland though ? 
  we have a similar phrase here . 
  basically it 's used as a bit of a joke in so many comedy films about `` zer vor '' as to be a fairly understood phrase . 
  there are two possible solutions . 
  complete union or a step-back into a loose trading group with framework for close co-operation between members on other affairs . 
  the former is probably unworkable , but the latter would keep many of the benefits and remove a lot of the issues of the ` democratic deficit ' , single currency , etc, 
   muh populism if you listen to him , he does explain * why * the single currency failed , etc. 
  it 's just that his solution is a british withdrawal . 
  who thought that the single currency was a good idea and why ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  all i need to sustain myself after nuclear war/disaster is 10 years supply of tea and biscuits, 
  if these people want to be a part of russia , other matters are irrelevant i think, 
  * if * a strong anti-eu showing brings about a genuine debate of the problems of the union , then i welcome it . 
  however , i know what 's going to happen . 
  the politicians and half of the userbase here are going to start posting/saying on may 26th that it 's the fault of the stupid dolescum for voting along different lines i wanted them to . 
  sometimes i just want to hide in a bunker with a supply of tea . 
  at the end of the day , the right to self-determination extends to those who * are n't * interested in what europe has to offer and would rather , for better or worse , throw their lot in with russia . 
  because quotas are so much better at stopping that than the icelandics saying `` this is our bit of sea and we have a vested interest in keeping stocks sustainable so that we have a source of income for the future as well as today '' , as they are inclined to do so for their own waters , as anyone would be, 
  like owen jones or laurie penny i guess . 
  how the fuck these people got jobs in the media , writing their views , is a complete mystery and probably explained by the massive in-joke the bbc and guardian seem to be having with moronic , although sufficiently leftie , commentators, 
  chris huhne is a political washout and completely disgraced , probably a psychopath . 
  he 's got his eye on the brussels gravy train !, 
  well done you sly garlic-munching wankers . 
  but nothing can save you from the wrath of prince philip !, 
  birmingham . 
  it is the overspill shithole from london , which is more shit . 
  it 's the translated name preferred by english-language sources . 
  if you disagree with their policies , i 'm not telling you to vote for or support them . 
  usually it 's rendered as `` the finns party '' , making it clear it 's a political group * not * the people of finland, 
  pens at the ready !, 
  time to write stern letters !, 
  someone 's got to keep an eye on them, 
  it 's ok , anschluss does n't work over sea chaps, 
  whatever you think of farage , you have to admit he 's a good speaker who understands his audience, 
  is n't the whole point of the prince of darkness to act as a mouthpiece for what we * really * think behind the veneer of diplomacy ? 
  fair enough , i get that angle . 
  but it 's not being shown through that lens as much, 
  in unrelated news , prince philip is discreetly sent to balmoral for a holiday, 
  we have a difficult to understand love/hate relationship with them . 
  domestically , our leader of the opposition is inspired by hollande a bit , but hollande 's endless fuckups are being used to show that he , and by extension miliband , is a bit of a fool . 
  the art of rhetoric and oratory is dead . 
  it tears me up inside a little when i read some famous oratory works and the fact that we have nobody alive who uses language as an art form , rather than a medium of communication , when it comes to public speaking . 
  well . 
  it 's time to get into the old bunker with a decade 's supply of tea and baked beans . 
  i find the ukrainian crisis a bit amusing and puzzling . 
  here we are , supporting the euromaidan , in the full knowledge they 've got bugger all chance of accession this decade . 
  the only reason clegg supports it so strongly is because he 's a washed up political failure in the uk , and brussels is the traditional destination for those . 
  `` australian studies into this topic are vindicated as it appears the kiwis and poms have the gayest armies in the world '', 
  yeah right . 
  it 's a bit . . provocative to go for a title like that, 
   unlike some of his countrymen oh please . 
  you 'll find anti-europeans everywhere in this continent and it 's not like anti eu = anti europe, 
  we joke about the irish like you 'd joke about your close family and friends , it 's not personal like that would be . 
  i find myself alright by turning off the automatic connections and then using my phone to find info , check news , etc , at a place with wifi, 
  cry me a fucking river , you leave completely or you do n't at all . 
  instant death for an animal not expecting it is a damn sight better for it than being bled to death . 
  i 'm no vet , but it 's obvious . 
  alright peasant , just got in from the pub so i could n't have downvoted . 
  i eat meat if i know it 's come from an animal that had a ` good run ' and was treated in a humane manner . 
  it 's fairly easy to do so with the labelling and sourcing schemes . 
  i have ancestry from countries other than england ( ireland and i strongly suspect denmark or north germany ) but it 's not something i feel the need to shout about or talk up, 
  i do n't eat in mcdonalds or any other fast food chain , for that matter, 
  the word `` populist '' is now a dirty word for politicians who appeal to an increasingly anti-eu electorate, 
  generally positively , but i ca n't really express in words how * embarrassing * the muh heritage people are, 
  good . 
  we can not claim to care about animal welfare until these medieval practises are ended . 
  but peasant-tier brits who think the farage can be barraged,
