  the warsaw pact then , the ` near abroad ' now . 
  we all have our own cultures , but a shared britishness . 
  i , as most people do , identify as both english ( or scottish or welsh ) and british equally, 
  it 's understandable for some of the smaller countries to want to do this for collective security . 
  nato is basically run by the three nuclear powers of britain , france and the us . 
  i think it buries the idea of the eu being above geopolitics , an idea that was thrown around before the mismanagement of the ukrainian crisis, 
  do you think that * all * the armed forces should be thrown together , or are current arrangements between member states ( such as the franco-german brigade and the uk/netherlands landing force with their naval infantry forces ) enough , and a model to be followed ? 
  i 'm not sure duplicating nato is a good idea , and the questions of differing kit ( many different kinds of rifle , and several countries have indigenous tanks rather than german or russian ones ) and language throws up big problems, 
  a union with a ` british ' culture as well as those of all the countries in it , the same language and which has existed in harmony , most of the time , for 300 years . 
  you can not compare a unitary state to the eu . 
  after all , americans are aggressive imperialist bastards until the russians play up . 
  then they 're really rather useful . 
   thinking that multinational armies work it would be a bigger clusterfuck than austria-hungary 's army , and we already have nato . 
  we 're not spain though . 
  i think spain has bigger political problems than the uk has, 
  there is no precedent for referenda being ignored . 
  imagine if scotland voted to leave the uk ( an unlikely event , but anyway ) and the government ignored that . 
  there would , rightly so , be a crisis as the government no longer represents the wishes of the ( in this case scottish ) people . 
  it 's not third reich tier in the scheme of dictatorships , but it 's hardly democratic to have a referendum and then ignore the result . 
  if we had stayed out of the eu until after maastricht and nobody could hide the true intentions of the project , to destroy british independence and democracy by subsuming that country into some sort of united states against the wishes and best interest of the british people , there would be no chance of the british electorate voting to join . 
  i do n't resent the existence of the eu . 
  i absolutely resent the fact that i was never asked about the very likely chance that i will live to see my country cease to exist if we do not leave soon , and that i have been lied to by politicians and technocrats on the issue both here and in brussels . 
  the current government has done a slightly better job at being honest about the eu than the last lot , but a lot of their posturing is for domestic consumption rather than exacting real change . 
  it 's not about hating europe or isolationism . 
   average briton why not make this ` average voter ' ? 
  it 's the biggest flaw in democracy , but it 's hardly unique to one country . 
  as has been pointed out , they voted to end free movement of people , but did n't have specifics . 
  that lack of detail has flaws of itself , but there is a major difference between a non-eu state removing this ( and there seems to have been little , if any response . 
  the euro-fanatics who wanted switzerland destroyed economically so they would kow-tow to the eu shall be disappointed ) and an eu member state seeking to hold a referendum on their membership, 
  they * could * , but they really should n't and would n't . 
  this is n't some sort of banana republic . 
  if you put something to a referendum , that means you accept the result no matter what . 
  if that 's the case * do n't put it to referendum *, 
  as in the lisbon treaty referenda in ireland and france , the vote only counts if people vote the right way, 
  for the most part , american and european interests align quite nicely . 
  some countries , like britain and france , more so than others . 
  yes , it 's in america 's interest to have a strong and stable europe . 
  it is also in the interests of most of europe to have this as well . 
  i read the pm of finland had some sort of problem with it , but not as much so, 
  what 's worse , having no government or having verhofstadt as pm ? 
  he 's one of the few meps who speaks any common sense, 
  compare my dad to the left-wing musician billy bragg . 
  pretty similar outlooks on life , but one is the most pro-eu person i know ( one of the only pro-eu people i know ) and one wants english independence . 
  the pms of finland and the netherlands have been reported as opposing juncker 's appointment , but i 'm not sure how far that extends, 
  people often confuse a slippery manner and lack of will to address the real problems with a sort of canny maternalism when it comes to merkel . 
  that 's actually some impressive politicking, 
  under the blair principle , in which everything our former celestial navigator says is assumed to be a lie or wrong , i hope cameron does n't listen, 
  juncker might be an awful choice , but he 's better than schulz or verhofstadt ( who i have a slight distaste for and a visceral loathing respectively ) there was a great cartoon about this in the private eye 's euphemisms column in which a eurocrat points how how varied the candidates are , they 've got green federalists , socialist federalists , liberal federalists and conservative federalists, 
  calling ireland and scotland english speaking is taking quite a liberal view possibly . 
  i can imagine it 's like when you go through your facebook profile purging stuff left , right and centre . 
  this is why i 'm so ambivalent about scottish independence . 
  i personally like scotland and i think it would be a great shame if they left . 
  like many people , i have friends in scotland and i buy scottish food and drink ( especially drink ) a lot . 
  * but * , the ruling party in holyrood has made a whole ideology out of `` are n't the english a bunch of wankers ? 
  '' , and you know , that frustrates me a bit . 
  politicians come and go , 4 years ago , we had a scottish pm and chancellor . 
  one only hopes that after the referendum ( which is seeming less and less likely to be a pro-independence win ) the feeling on both sides will subside . 
  yeah , that 's a good way of putting it . 
  yes , i am . 
  the fellow i replied to seemed to conflate the two . 
  personally i 'm not sure the eea is a great idea . 
  i also see it as where my whisky comes from , let 's be fair . 
  no , my tongue was firmly in cheek for the latter part of my post, 
  fair enough . 
  i 've got one of the most common male first names in britain, 
   scots in charge of not making everything about themselves and their persecution complex just leave already . 
  the only reasons against scottish independence from the english perspective are ugly borders and the outrageous triumphalism that will follow . 
  i guess we need somewhere to keep our missiles as well , but i 'm sure wales will be obliging . 
  i 'm surprised that ` ordinary ' people feel the need to use this . 
  i 've googled my own name in various different ways and never got a shred of information about myself appear, 
  are you aware of the difference between the eu and the european economic area ? 
  if you 've seen the other choices , you 'll understand . 
  he 's handled domestic politics fairly competently , and managed to , so far , walk the tightrope on europe that so many conservative leaders fall off . 
  since we joined the eec , there has not been a single conservative pm who was n't broken by the european question , and he is all too aware of that . 
  he wants a referendum on the eu and granted one for scotland , while supporting the anti-change sides in both . 
  where is the problem , and more importantly , how do scottish nationalists maintain such a massive persecution complex while being able to make everything about them ? 
  it 's difficult now to be selected as a candidate by a local conservative association without demonstrating sufficiently anti-eu views . 
  europe destroyed the last 3 conservative prime ministers . 
  cameron may well go the way of his predecessors . 
  these ships are the cornerstone of what boffins call * power projection * and what we call throwing your weight around . 
  historically speaking , russia has been behind what you would expect for naval power projection , they have a very large navy overall , but it 's not designed with that in mind ( like the russian army , which is very large and imposing on paper , but in reality seems to be suffering from a lack of capacity to operate outside russia or it 's immediate neighbours ) . 
  the russian navy is much more built around submarines and particularly their nuclear-armed ones . 
  it would n't be an exaggeration to say that the royal navy and french navy , despite their smaller overall sizes , have a stronger ` power projection ' capacity than russia as well as being much more focused on this as far as doctrine and training is concerned . 
  well , given the way greece has been treated , their attitudes are understandable . 
  yes . 
  i 'm not saying there is an actual comparison , but it 's hard to be surprised when people have that idea, 
  because of the history many european countries have with germany , that sort of shit is perhaps more destructive than if a , say , french or dutch minister says it . 
   if he wants the anti-eu vote to stop growing he should shut the fuck up on the other hand , as an active eusceptic , nothing would be better for us than people like this man running the show . 
  it will put paid to the fantasies of somehow being able to ` put a plaster on the titanic ' and fix the eu and our relationship with it . 
  while germany sits at home with a telescope , watching france and imagining her to be his true love ? 
  that was i think the point . 
  dan hannan , whom i have a lot of time for , is leader of the ecr bloc which refused to put a candidate forward and legitimise the process . 
  his point is that , although they might have disagreements , there is no debate on how the eu should go, 
  of course not , but the people of this country deserve to have a say in the future of this county, 
  i think the political centre of balance in britain is further to the right than most european countries , so whereas ukip might sound extreme to an outsider observer , they are saying nothing that thatcher would n't have said or thatcherites continue to say, 
  [ as in the domestic politics of many countries , the choice is and always has been more about what your favourite colour is . 
  ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100265859/can-anyone-tell-the-main-euro-parties-apart/ ), 
  the labour party , the so-called party of the working man , does n't trust the working man with the future of his own country . 
  it 's beyond a joke . 
  the conservatives have pledged it and made it a central part of their 2015 campaign , but i would * really * like to see them put the wheels in motion before the election before it 's possible to really trust them to their word .
