  my point stands . 
  who chose either of these men other than a few behind closed doors ? 
  the parliament 's a farce , the commission that is completely unaccountable and the hopeless amounts of corruption . 
  i 'll trust the ec when they can provide accounts audited by a body other than their internal people at the court of auditors , and even they have been quite scathing about how terribly wrong it 's all gone . 
  van rompuy has been the head honcho for a while , and who elected him ? 
  the leader of what is meant to be a democratic entity chosen behind closed doors by shadowy cliques ? 
  just london . 
  needed to hit the `` restart '' button on london for a terribly long time, 
  because it * is * an unaccountable and largely undemocratic institution run by the major business interests for the major business interests . 
  also the way greece , cyprus , etc have been treated and the loss of national sovereignty to a shower of unelected and inept eurocrats . 
  if the eu expressed any intention of doing away with such an iconic ( like it or not ) part of our society and institutions , a referendum would be called the following week . 
  i do n't think a removal of the monarchy would go down well with anyone in the uk , except for a few fringe groups . 
  it would * never * get through parliament , that 's for certain . 
  there 's no inherent differences between the regions , practically speaking . 
  for all the `` north/south '' stuff , many areas in the south suffer from similar problems to the north and vice versa . 
  i do n't see why all of england ( without london , which has the gla ) should n't be a single entity . 
  i think the divide is more london/rest of england , maybe if london were excluded because of the gla and the rest of england had the parliament, 
  because they are the same entity in terms of fiscal policy , monetary policy is controlled at that level despite regional differences . 
  for example , germany ( in theory ) has no control over , say , french fiscal policy and so it is not appropriate for them to share an identical monetary policy in most cases . 
  scotland comes under the united kingdom in these terms and so can not be compared . 
  they have * only * ever used the dollar though . 
  when the drachma , mark , franc , lira , etc , were replaced by the euro , i do wonder how it was planned in terms of national control over monetary policy over different fiscal institutions . 
  the usa is the same entity despite regional differences and so can not be compared to a currency shared by many very different entities . 
  i do not regard federalisation as an acceptable or workable endgame . 
  we may have to differ on that . 
  it strikes me as odd that nobody 's really mentioned the problems of radically different economies sharing a currency . 
  germany may prefer a weaker currency for stronger exports , and those more reliant on imports and services would desire a strong currency value , for example . 
  how can these be reconciled within the single currency ? 
  how do you stop a norwegian tank ? 
  shoot the guy pushing it these are all paddy jokes with `` norwegian '' instead of `` irish '' . 
  as far i can tell , they work the same, 
  how do you sink a swedish submarine ? 
  give it a norwegian crew . 
  we 've got a similar joke in my region about nottinghamshire , lincolnshire and derbyshire , but that has derbyshire building a wall to keep tourists out and then nottinghamshire having it filled in with cement, 
  how do you get 100 scots into a car ? 
  throw a penny in . 
  how do you get them back out again ? 
  ask for petrol money, 
  the french army have unveiled their new war dance . 
  the mexican wave . 
  i 'm a europhile * and * a eurosceptic . 
  there 's no conflict , the latter is to do with the eu and the former is n't . 
  euphile is a decent word to us to avoid confusion, 
  i was joking . 
  although it can get a bit circlejerky at times , it 's not that bad, 
  mods asleep put up ukip posters in my front window ? 
  if that 's a fundamental eu principle , then perhaps this is n't an organisation in the best interests of people rather than big businesses . 
  i 'm personally in favour of a british withdrawal , but i 'm open to the other views and i ca n't say the idea of no control over the immigration which * has * caused a lot of strain on public services is appealing for many in this country . 
  my young cousins in london have had a bit of a mare finding school places , and that 's quite normal . 
  i understand the theory behind what you 're saying , and i 've heard it before , although not that exact phrase . 
  i would hope that companies here would invest in the young people we have rather than the cop-out of foreign workers who can and will work for less . 
  wishful thinking i 'm afraid . 
  talking up apprenticeships is one thing , and the lack of ` proper ' jobs is a problem that needs to be addressed , but none of this will be solved until firms opt for a solution a bit more long-term than cheap immigrant labour . 
  just because yours is higher it does n't mean ours is at an acceptable level . 
  what is so controversial about saying `` we 're a small island with high youth unemployment , bringing in more workers which will drive down wages and put massive pressure on public services ( such as the current shortfall of school places ) is n't working '' again ? 
  i 'll fukin bash ye hed in with a tesco, 
  i 'll hook u in the gabber m8, 
  i think the pm wants to look to be doing something without actually confronting the disaster that mass immigration has been in terms of providing public services, 
  the benefits are a distraction . 
  it 's the strain on public services in areas that have had a lot of immigration . 
  for example , the shortfall in school places in much of london, 
  it says they do n't serve up the main food groups of sausage , potatoes , fish and beef . 
  2/10 would avoid / s, 
  i 'm in favour of full federalism . 
  westminster only does foreign affairs , defence and any other matters that need to be coordinated between all the states or affecting external relations . 
  separate parliaments for scotland , wales , northern ireland and england ( i would suggest splitting england into , say , london/south , east , north and west , being the dominant nation by quite some way ) with full control over their domestic affairs , modelled on the us state system . 
  i do believe that scotland 's place is within the uk and we 're both stronger for it , however . 
  do n't forget the criminals with villas to hide out in !, 
  i was genuinely optimistic with the idea of the lib dems in government as a coalition partner . 
  maybe we could undo 13 years of labour mismanagement and megalomania and move forward . 
  it makes me very sad to see the country that gave the world the magna carta , bill of rights and one of the oldest democratic systems in the world go this way . 
  i wo n't leave though . 
  that 's giving up . 
  i know what this country is capable of and i 'm determined to make it work . 
  we got rid of hooky eventually , but it was a fucking joke . 
  the dgse are n't known for screwing around . 
  all the jokes about cowardly frenchies , but those guys mean business, 
  i 'm an advocate of federalism for the uk . 
  give most of the powers to assemblies for all four nations and have westminster in charge only of defence , foreign affairs and coordinating the assemblies . 
  i think that would be a satisfactory solution and the discrepancy between provisions in england and scotland would be dealt with better in an english parliament . 
  that being said , scotland has a place within the union and we 're both stronger for it . 
  i am english and i 'm not an official no campaigner . 
  before we get onto the personal stuff , all i 'm doing is saying `` here are some problems with the plan , how do you ( or the snp ) propose to deal with them ? '', 
  and you start accusing me of being a paid shill ? 
  one problem with the blog post are the assumption of some sort of `` oil pot '' or fund , when that ride is soon to end . 
  the spending black hole of # 3-10bn of that even the scotsman saw fit to publish about ( if you clicked the link ) , from reports done by a neutral and expert body ? 
  the studies are done on the basis of ` stated policies ' , the aging population and the decline of north sea oil . 
  it 's better to face facts head on and come up with solutions before it becomes a major issue than to go `` ah fuckit , we 'll sort it out later '', 
  we had some ` travellers ' in my area last year . 
  i felt so sorry for the kids . 
  if i could have given them some soap and a decent meal , i would have done . 
  and do n't get me started on the horses . 
  call me mr soft , but i get upset by the sight of emaciated horses chained to a post with no room to move around or graze . 
  that 's all fair enough . 
  i was asking for the truth of the matter . 
  but , if this is based on the oil , as a good amounts appears to be , what will happen when it runs out ? 
  what happens with currency ? 
  do you retain the monarchy ? 
  how will the armed forces be split ? 
  will the debt be split by proportion of gdp or population ?
