  well , time to pat ourselves on the back !, 
  unless of course you are looking for a job , a school place for your kids , you fall ill or you have a job trying to anticipate future service needs, 
  and then i 've read about the information the french gave to our fleet , like the specifications of the missiles . 
  `` here 's the data for our missiles , which you will be facing '' ironic sitauations, 
  i 'm quite sure i do n't get interest from my debit card , and that 's a debit card i think . 
  mind you , i 'm a broke student , the bank 's admin fees for giving me what little interest i could get are probably greater than the actual amount of interest i get if i get any, 
  i think * brave new world * was more accurate than * 1984 * myself, 
  that makes more sense , fair enough, 
  fair enough , but should n't we have them take on some of the debt proportionate to their population or the gdp , as happened when the irish free state was formed ? 
  so scottish independence , in the unlikely event of it happening , would be propped up by rest of uk institutions ? 
  brilliant . 
  military/political leaders : king alfred the great , king henry v , queen elizabeth i , francis drake , admiral nelson , the duke of wellington , lloyd-george and churchill . 
  probably greatest of those are wellington , liz i , churchill and nelson , with churchill winning scientific/cultural types : chaucer , shakespeare , milton , dickens , newton , turing and darwin are the real big ones . 
  probably shakespeare for culture and isaac newton for science, 
  i agree with that point , and iirc , the iea is a centre-right and often anti-eu source . 
  much of the prose is a bit too biased , but the overall cut of the argument makes a degree of sense . 
  nobody in this country seriously wanted to wipe out the irish , as has been claimed by nationalist-types . 
  negligence is another matter and it 's never been denied that a refusal to accept how horrific it really was made things worse . 
  the british , in relation to ireland , wanted ireland to be a peaceful and wealthy place , but were unable to juggle this with domestic pressures and sectarianism and made a lot of grave mistakes . 
  i often get told by foreign friends that i somehow ` look ' british , but that 's a big assumption to make for a stranger . 
  in , say germany , you can pick up tv from other countries and just walk over the border . 
  the uk 's only land border often has passport controls and is on a different landmass to 95 % of the population anyway, 
  i think the difference is that britain is a largely monolingual and somewhat isolated island . 
  unless you 're welsh or in certain areas of scotland ( and even then , although there are some who have welsh or gaelic as a native language , they all have to learn english at school and to , basically , get by in society ) , you simply do not come into contact with other languages on a day-to-day basis , so many do n't see the point . 
  english is a usual lingua franca to the extent that when i 'm abroad and trying to speak the local language , i more often than not get a reply in english even though they do n't know i 'm an english speaker . 
  we had french and german , but everybody did both from year 8 onwards after just one in year 7 , but you were randomly assigned one . 
  so i started german at 11 and my sister did french . 
  it was pretty bad stuff at school . 
  our science , english , history , etc teachers were excellent and there were a lot of them , but the language teachers were n't and there were n't many relative to the amount of students they had to teach for 3 hours a week . 
  i hated french when i was 13 as well , and i had it first thing on mondays . 
  when you 're a boy of 13 who spent the weekend playing outside and staying up late , the main thing on your mind on monday morning is going back to sleep . 
  now i 'm learning latin and loving it , and trying to relearn as much french as i can . 
  the article seems to suggest that it 's the more vocational ` new ' unis that are closing down language departments . 
  languages just are n't taken seriously in this country . 
  fine , i studied french and german at school , but it was n't taken seriously by the school or the students . 
  how are we meant to encourage people into fields when we put them off so young ? 
  tipperary and cork were the main focal points of the violence , were n't they ? 
  i have my own interpretations of what i 've read , and nationalists from all sides have theirs . 
  personally , it appears to me that the british government ( especially under peel before the famine and gladstone ) wanted the union to work and ireland to be peaceful and prosperous , but were unable to juggle this with religious divides in ulster and pressures from great britain who did n't want to ` give in ' to the catholics even though it had been over a century since the last bout of catholic-protestant warfare . 
  i understand why the irish need a grand historical narrative to gain pride from , all nations have one . 
  it 's interesting , just as a side-note , that those songs have stuck around so , given that pretty much all the , say , police in ireland and many of the soldiers were irish . 
  that 's what struck me when i looked into the period , that even without going into the old `` english/scottish/british '' pedantry , it seemed that the british rule in ireland was enforced by the ric , which was pretty much entirely irish . 
  it 's a nice tune and i think op wanted to share some ` european ' music he liked . 
  i partially agree the `` fuck yuo tories/ukip '' thing 's gone too far , but that 's not a reason to not post a song about probably the most tragic event in irish history . 
  i have studied it and have my own interpretation of the historiography , but i do n't want to get dragged into a big thing about it . 
  it 's a big part of irish history , i guess . 
  ireland 's fate was bound up with that of britain for 300 years or so , often with quite tragic consequences . 
  yeah , that as well , it was written during the jacobite rebellion of 1745 to a fairly old tune . 
  a lot of patriotic songs have specific enemies in them . 
  * the british grenadiers * used to explicitly name the french as the enemy fortress the grenadiers were storming , and * god save the queen * used to have a verse about `` from france and pretender , great britain defend her '', 
  in his favour , keith vaz is an absolute moron . 
  i think it was him who , in full mccarthyist fashion , accused the editor of the guardian newspaper for hating this country . 
  now , i think the guardian is a crap paper , but that 's not something that should be a part of serious political discourse . 
  i think the reason is that if you 're going away with a family , it 's often a better bet to go to a more ` established ' place . 
  for example , i quite like the baltic states as a place to visit , and i want to go to romania , but with my family i would rather go to italy or portugal , because they 're more established places , my younger siblings and cousins can go to the beach , etc. 
  i enjoy certain aspects of the eu , such as the strong social ties and visa-free travel . 
  but we 've been doing that with the irish since before either of us joined the eu . 
  i do n't identify as an eu citizen , even though i accept the fact that i am european . 
  i 'm in that age group , and i do n't know any of my friends who do . 
  this might be confirmation bias and it 's obviously a small sample , so take that with a pinch of salt . 
  complete rubbish . 
  i 'm a student ( admittedly without a job ) and my friends with jobs have shit pay and often dodgy hours , but they 're all diligent and glad to have a job , even if they plan to move on . 
  because then they can fly people in to do the job for much less than it would cost to take a school-leaver on ? 
  at the same time , going down the `` all british people are dolescum '' sort of line of attack to justify this . 
  but what about labour governments ? 
  they 've done some bad things as well . 
  i support neither , but it 's not like labour is much better, 
  looking forward to an erasmus year . 
  also , it was sort of cool on holiday in belgium to literally walk through a village , pass the `` welcome to france '' sign and be in france with no border control . 
  i ca n't say i agree with the * status quo * here , but it 's nice for that . 
  what about the cutouts of the local copper in the tesco ? 
  do the gardai carry guns ? 
  when i go abroad , the first thing that gives me a bit of a jump is always the police with holstered guns, 
  [ british police know how to do it right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qlos7c5.jpg ), 
  i personally think federalism is unworkable , but if that 's what the continent wants , then an amicable split before it gets too messy is the best solution, 
  because we already have a framework for limiting non-eea immigrant 's access to welfare , because there is no free movement of labour . 
  it 's considered lenient by many ( i do n't know enough to make a judgement ) , but it is possible . 
   most economically powerful nation in a few years i 'm going to need a source on that . 
  a bubble with serious structural weaknesses based on the assumption of future conquest does n't usually mean that . 
  i * think * what he 's saying is that the pirate party is a good example of non-mainstream political movements doing well . 
  i did n't take that as saying they are similar to fn or similar . 
  however , that 's a socialist group , and i probably have more common ground with ukip than them , if not much, 
  you mean your full psychological profile of me ? 
  get off your bloody high horse , it 's a casual observation of i 've seen happen here a few times, 
  who 's like me then ? 
  it 's been mentioned elsewhere itt . 
  for example , if somebody posted that free movement of labour ( ref bulgars and romanians recently ) might lead to greater strain on public services or youth unemployment , they would often get a lot of replies with `` dat 's raycist '' `` do n't you know that romanians = / = roma ? '', 
  and general idiocy . 
  the single monetary policy a single currency required has given up a whole region for the sake of not having price increases . 
  that * must * have been anticipated by the powers that be . 
  no , it 's like , anyone who says that the eu is a bad thing gets shouted down in a lot of ( not all ) threads, 
  i 'm quite surprised , after all the federalist circlejerking that you get here, 
  i do n't agree with much of ukip 's other policies , but i will be voting ukip in europe because they 're the only party who support withdrawal as i do . 
  my nokia is a testament to durability . 
  it 's a fairly new ( 18 months ) handset , but has survived countless falls from a clumsy owner . 
  i like finnish engineering . 
  but it was alright when labour did similar things ? 
  universal monarchy , or fear of . 
  british foreign policy aimed at siding with the weak against the strong in order to prevent a genuine naval threat emerging . 
  it 's worked for 600 years at least .
