  the salt is real, 
  i 'm not sure sweden can talk to any country about being respected internationally, 
  how many 1/32nds though ? 
  if you 're not in london you do n't get that sort of politics , but who the fuck lives in london out of choice anyway, 
  you smackheads would n't know proper ale if it was poured onto your head . 
  lager can be served cold , fine , but not ale . 
  not really . 
  the only minority group to be largely middle class are the indians , who are no longer the dominant immigrant group . 
  identity politics in the uk is n't as strong as in the usa but the labour party is lurching that way . 
  having realised that hindu indians in this country , tending to be middle class or aspiring to that , are more likely to vote tory than labour , they have in some areas jumped right into bed with the clannish politics of sections of the pakistani community , which tends to be working class and marginalised compared to indians who are often seen as a success story of immigrants integrating into a western society . 
  it 's for the same reason there are also a lot of hard-left old labour types in south lancashire . 
  the labour party could put a red rosette on rolf harris and get a 5 figure majority in some places , so extreme mps do n't lose their seats in the way that an mp from a marginal seat who joins the awkward squad probably will . 
  boris johnson has a wider appeal . 
  he 's certainly more charismatic and he is also more socially liberal than i think osborne would be . 
  osborne has been a much better chancellor than anyone expected but i do n't think he 's pm material . 
  this is unusual . 
  he was elected an mp last may knowing he was standing down from being mayor in 2016 . 
  he was elected to parliament in 2001 but stood down when elected mayor ken livingstone was an mp before he was elected mayor in 2000 , and he then stood down in the 2001 election, 
  he attends cabinet meetings , although without a portfolio . 
  i do n't know if there 's a more precise term for that arrangement but he is for all intents and purposes, 
  he is an mp in the national parliament ( his constituency is in west london ) and a member of the cabinet as well as a very influential politician with a lot of media appearances , and there are n't enough hours in the day for him to have all those responsibilities . 
  a lot of people see him as a likely future prime minister and that career path can only be carried out in parliament . 
  london is really the only place in the uk where labour is generally getting stronger , it would n't be a surprise . 
  they are falling into the trap of relying too heavily on the votes of minorities and middle-class londoners , which will give them control of london pretty much until the cows come home , but that never translates into national success . 
  it seems they 're trying to replicate what the democrats did in the usa after they lost their traditional southern vote to reagan ( much like labour with the skilled working classes under thatcher ) , but unlike the usa , there are n't enough minorities and middle-class urban liberals for this to be a realistic electoral strategy . 
  given their economies we 'd be doing them a favour, 
  the problem is that facts are rarely black and white , most things printed are true from a certain point of view and false from others . 
  it is inherently impossible to police these things other than the fairly obvious questions of outright libel and the laws against indecency in public adverts . 
  you might think that `` what % of british laws come from brussels '' is an open and shut question , but it depends on how you define a law . 
  no , but several national-level political parties campaigned on both sides . 
  the british government did n't as such spend money in the referendum , but the scottish branches of both parties then in power campaigned against independence and the politicians as individuals spoke against independence , but better together , for all its flaws and fuckery , was not bankrolled by westminster . 
  money was primarily given by political parties ( and private individuals , not all of whom were scottish , but they did so as individuals ) , all of whom except the snp and a few minor groups have representation in england and wales as well as scotland . 
  even if there were political parties in europe willing to donate to the pro-eu side , donations would have to be registered and the campaigns remain within the spending limit . 
  the european commission has no such restrictions on it, 
  to be honest i think it 's overplayed , any eu intervention in the campaign would certainly have a very high chance of backfiring as it would likely make any pro-eu grassroots campaign look like astroturfing . 
  but it is terrible that they can get around the usual quite tight spending restrictions as a matter of principle, 
  basically you can do deals for specific things and industries but you can not have a standing agreement as an eu member with a non-eu member giving them tariff-free access to some or all of your markets . 
  the eu had to negotiate all of that because of the single market, 
  a lot of it was to do with agricultural trade when britain joined . 
  it is generally the case that cap has resulted in higher food prices , with british agricultural policy historically using low food prices to effectively subsidise urban industrial workers , than when imported food tended to come from canada , australia and new zealand , but the agricultural policy limited imports from these countries . 
  the accusation is now more based on the fact that the uk can no longer make trade deals on it 's own terms , so deals wo n't generally reflect the needs of the uk and the strengths of the british economy, 
  ah but to oppose the eu as it currently exists * is * racist . 
  wo n't someone think of the belgian petty eurocrats ? 
  how many irishmen does it take to change a lightbulb ? 
  two . 
  one to hold the bulb and the other to drink until the room spins, 
  at least we remember that belgium exists, 
  yeah merkel is n't doing that much wrong , but germany can not claim to be taking leadership of the eu while it shits all over everyone else, 
  yeah that 's fair enough but it does mean that germany should n't be seen as the ` leader ' of europe when germany 's relations with the rest of europe are rarely mutually beneficial, 
  pretty much, 
  the worst sort of leader is the one who puts self-interest first, 
  cry more johnny foreigner, 
  i seriously hope you internationals are noticing how ridiculous it is having a terrorist sympathiser as the leader of her majesty 's opposition . 
  it 's hard for a man with such strong sympathies to the ira murderers to not be seen as a national security threat when he becomes a potential prime minister, 
  even before thatcher , corbyn would have been considered a bit of a crank . 
  socialism , even democratic socialism/fabianism , has been a fringe movement at best in britain since the 1950s, 
  he 's probably the only realistic chance they have of reconnecting to the old predominantly northern ` white working class ' vote that they began to lose in the 1980s . 
  people often compare labour 's current re-alignment towards the much-maligned north london liberals and assorted ethnic minorities as being like what the us democrats did in response to the loss of the south to the republicans . 
  the problem is that , unlike the usa , the uk does n't have enough of either group to make it a viable electoral strategy . 
  i heard that the new energy policy is for power stations to burn the bodies of welsh children instead of coal, 
  france needs a margaret thatcher , and the only similarity le pen has is her gender . 
  certainly most major british cities have some deprived areas with major social problems , but i did notice worse problems in france . 
  i grew up in a town with high rates of crime and unemployment and low educational levels and as a casual observer/having some french friends who talk about it a bit , a lot of big french towns had worse problems than my hometown in these respects . 
  i do n't think fn have the answers , but i think france has a worse problem than the uk , germany or the low countries . 
  partly what makes france different is the racial element . 
  many of these areas are associated with high immigration , whereas in the uk although london in particular has areas of great poverty and high immigration , a lot of cities with major problems like liverpool , swansea , and glasgow have low levels of immigration, 
  you know it 's true love when you shag sober with said lassie for the first time . 
  the french are uncivilised and barbarous , but they are members of the human race . 
  germans on the other hand ... 
  this is what happens to a subreddit when french people are allowed onto the mod team . 
  in what way is it unsourced ? 
  i get that it 's a blog rather than something with print , but the author has linked to an observer piece and posted something of his own finding below it . 
  grammar schools were the academic-oriented schools for the ages 11-18 , they were selective based on the 11 plus test which was sat at the age of 11, 
  as we all know , britain was such a net recipient from the eu . 
  britain was even more of a net contributor then than today in relation to the other member states , that 's where the rebate comes from . 
  what the fuck did ye just fookin say about me mam u little cunt ? 
  i 'll have yous know i graduated top of my class in football hooliganism , i 've been involved in numerous pub brawls against west ` am and i ave over 300 confirmed asbos . 
  i 'm trained in glassing cunts and i 'm the maddest cunt in millwall . 
  i will hook ye the fook out with force yer mam has never seen before mark my words . 
  you think you can get away with running ye gabber at me like that ? 
  think again bellend . 
  as we speak i 'm the blower to me lads and your boozer is being drank in right now so you better prepare for the rumble , cunt . 
  the rumble that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your firm . 
  you 're fookin hooked wanker . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime and i can glass ye in over 700 ways and that 's just with a pint glass . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed rumbles , but i have access to the entire hooligan firm of millwall fc and i will use it to wipe your pathetic little firm off the face of lahndan you little tosser . 
  most of them do n't go to school in the first place, 
  interesting , i assumed that being a frigate it would be more of a multi-role ship and the weapon systems listed as being fitted seemed to fit that , although with the modular stuff that makes sense . 
  the type 45 is n't a general purpose frigate like the other classes you have listed . 
  maybe the type 23 is a better comparison ? 
  the type 45 is a destroyer class geared towards air defence, 
  german humour is no laughing matter, 
  sorry i did n't make myself clear . 
  i am against the eu project , i was referring to myself in that bit , but i can see why it is a good thing that the anniversary of the end of the second world war can be redefined in response to what happened . 
  do you not see the point , even as someone broadly opposed to the eu project , of trying to redefine what that anniversary means ? 
  most countries have other days dedicated to remembering those who died in the world wars . 
  as a brit i feel obliged to remind you that we have a monopoly on democracy and personal freedom when it comes to european values . 
  i can actually be tactful and reasonable when i feel like it you know fam . 
  it 's harder when your interlocutors are all 6 foot 3 blondes with a bit too much self-confidence not to descend into the racist banter but i managed it this time . 
  funny seeing you here lad , i went out on the pop a few days ago with some germans .
