  of course there 's none in london , london does pretty well atm . 
  i 'm a politically interested brit who wants to see the union stay together , we are greater than the sum of our parts , and i do n't want to see the most successful political union in modern history end because everyone north and south of the border feels disenfranchised . 
  i 'll be able to chip in , but i am going to be busy on friday so i wo n't be there all the time . 
  i do n't like to say it 's a german conspiracy , i 'm no germanophobe , but they do pretty well out of it and are probably the only eu member state with such massive and obvious benefits . 
  i fully expect the currency to go kaput within this decade if the recession and deflation hits france and germany for too much longer . 
  i only hope it is a managed decline , i 've seen too much economic suffering for myself in greece and portugal to want those guys to have to go through a sudden collapse in the euro . 
  i do n't think there is a conspiracy . 
  but journalists will often ignore stories from one faction and play up ones from another to meet the ` big story ' of the day . 
  so sd is of more media interest than the other parties and will accordingly be treated more harshly in the media, 
  exactly . 
  had greece and spain retained their currencies , the crisis would have happened but they would have been able to simply print more money and pay the bill when they would be able to , as the uk did and has now one of the strongest economies in europe . 
  yeah , that 's the point . 
  people from other parties will do the same and often worse but wo n't get caught out because they 're not sd so it 's not as much of a story or does n't suit the agenda of that media group . 
  it 's the sort of thing that happened here for a while , journalists of papers opposed to ukip would make big deals out of online posts and stuff but ignore similar labour/tory member posts . 
  i 'm an ` outside observer ' who perhaps does n't see all of this . 
  but , i will say one thing on the online issue . 
  i have known racist labour and racist tory members . 
  labour and tory representatives have often made very bigoted comments online , but they are rarely seen as big a deal as when a ukip rep does . 
  perhaps it is the same ? 
  the centre party was fairly solidly part of the moderate-led alliance , so this would be unlikely for them to join the left , which also has some very hard left parties that might not welcome them, 
  \u00c5kesson is like a puppy compared to golden dawn and would be considered relatively mainstream in the uk , france or germany , but he 's being portrayed as literally hitler in the sources i 've been following the election on it , and sd can never be seen as anything other than `` racist '' . 
  it 's slightly surreal how they are shown . 
  i think a lot of the pro-eu camp here who have generally argued that we ought not to leave , it would be an awful risk , are going to find themselves eating their words in the next few years . 
  the outlook is n't good and i should like to imagine that means a withdrawal from the eu by 2020 . 
  there 's a certain symmetry that the devastation caused to greece has ` splashed back ' onto the north of the eurozone, 
  just a question for you , but does the lack of demand and deflationary signs we are seeing in germany now ( and the recession in france , but that also has a huge amount to do with hollande 's mismanagement ) result from a lack of willingness for the ecb to embark on an expansionary monetary policy during the crisis for fear of hitting the franco/german consumer ? 
  i only did economics to british a-level standard ( roughly a higher level ib ) , advancing this idea and broadly what you 're saying in much of my work so it would be interesting to see if you shared the same view . 
  exactly , and is n't turkey meant to be one of our allies ? 
  muh facts seriously though , the only difference between gchq and their german counterparts is that gchq got caught . 
  i 'd be quite amazed if the germans were n't up to the same game, 
  i would be quite surprised if germany was n't up to the same antics , getting caught is the cardinal sin , not doing it in the first place . 
  i do n't mind being ` called out ' , it can be funny, 
  i 'm not playing the victim , merely appreciating the salt water thrown in my direction . 
  i was n't being 100 % serious in the last comment but whatever . 
  your natural style is to be pretentious but i do n't bother to tell you that do i ? 
  it makes me feel better to know the amount of impotent tears being directed our way on / r/europe , let alone real life , could be used to irrigate the whole of the sahara, 
  everybody spies on everybody , and to make a huge issue as the germans did made them look pretty stupid when their spy agencies had been caught recording conversations between us leaders . 
  implying financial sector leaving for germany , which is like a james bond villain to international finance . 
  i think so . 
  we 've got all the whisky distilleries , the lowest amount of people per beer brewery of any reasonable-sized country in the world , iconic pubs , the homeland of cider and gin , and a comparatively agreeable tax/duty regime, 
  was a period last week of `` too close to call '' , but no appear to be slipping ahead on the final straight . 
  it will still be close though, 
  if the whole of the uk goes from the eu , we 've got muh banks to keep us going for a bit and to supplement the other 90 % of the economy , which is based on alcohol, 
  russia will probably get them eventually , no foreign buyer will place orders with france again if they are just cancelled and the ships never delivered . 
  wales is a very remote country outside of the m4 corridor and even the old mining areas are rural and difficult to reach , there are some very poor areas . 
  personally , i think the uk is greater than the total of the parts , if you see what i mean . 
  i 'd like to see a federal model for the government , but nobody is seriously suggesting english devolution at this time , which is a shame . 
  germany had a different way of doing industries , they were never nationalised or starved of investment . 
  in 1979 , there was only one way industry was going , and thatcher should have eased the blow by spreading it out or something , but it was accepting reality and the inevitable . 
  i really do not believe that , but how are we defining western europe ? 
  there is no way that northern ireland was ever richer than scotland , 70 % of their gdp is government spending . 
  yes , health is another matter , in that glasgow is the unhealthiest city in the uk ( something like that ) and a large amount of scots live in glasgow . 
  i would be amazed if the average scot had less money than the average welsh , let along portuguese or spanish , but you ca n't really calculate personal wealth as an average as you can gdp per head , so that is the generally accepted measure for wealth of a country . 
  it can be taken both ways that scotland is the 2nd wealthiest country in the uk and one of the wealthiest in the world . 
  either that means scotland is strong enough for independence , or the scottish people have benefited more from the uk than they might imagine . 
  which slant you take depends on your view . 
  i agree with you that the oil fund could have been used better for the betterment of the whole of the uk ( although it certainly made things easier during the collapse of industry , which would have happened in the 90s anyway even without thatcher ) , but it 's dishonest to portray scotland as the poorest country in western europe . 
  it 's not even the poorest in the uk , and france has a lower gdp per head than scotland , let alone spain or portugal . 
  i thought scotland had a higher gdp per head than wales , northern ireland , and the uk average ? 
  just wondering why you say that, 
  ireland , it 's like going abroad but it 's not at the same time . 
  same language , food , landscape , similar people and culture , etc. 
  i would probably say denmark other than that . 
  brits and danes are pretty similar , the language is easy-ish and the food is god-tier, 
  yeah , but he 's so * bad * at being a europhile , he is proving the eurosceptics right time and time again, 
  people go on about how the british public are uneducated buffoons as if their french , german or italian counterparts are any better . 
  that 's what gets me . 
  there are a lot of `` muh 3 million jobs '' pro-eu people who do n't understand the eu either , neither side has a monopoly on ignorance . 
  he acted quite well within nato over isis and the ukraine , giving the european allies direction where obama fumbled . 
  syria was handled badly , but this was before isis and hindsight is 20/20, 
  farage has been in politics for 20 years , campaigning on one issue close to his heart . 
  i think that shows a certain level of conviction . 
  i 'm not sure about him and murdoch , murdoch 's papers the sun and the times are not exactly friendly to ukip . 
   ignorance of the general public , hating the eu without understanding what it is do you not think that talking this way about the general public is the great problem of the pro-eu camp ? 
  nobody likes a holier-than-thou preacher and the electorate certainly wo n't warm to it, 
  the pro-eu camp has failed to set the agenda in a way that , say , the pro-union campaign in scotland has n't . 
  they do n't have a central leader in the way that eurosceptics rally around farage , and have never said `` this is why the eu is good '' , rather choosing to say `` this is why we should n't leave '' . 
  i 'm not a ukip supporter , but i like farage . 
  he 's a breath of fresh air and he 's got his principles and convictions , which are lacking in modern politics . 
  if one man can mess up on the eu , it 's cameron . 
  he 's generally sound in foreign policy , but not the eu . 
  for a eurosceptic , his bumbling is a blessing in disguise though . 
  a british hangman for british financial services . 
  well played juncker, 
  yeah , when you export your criminal classes , give it 150 years and they 've got better sports teams than you ; _ ;, 
  not sure if it 's anti-german to be frustrated at the way that many eu institutions ( especially the ecb ) seem to only have german interests at heart . 
  it 's the way the eu is going . 
  i 'm ambivalent to scottish independence ( i 'd probably call myself a unionist if pressed , but i can see how england would benefit ) but we are careering towards an eu where the nation-state as we know it is pretty much ended , for most of us at least . 
  that 's why england has been partitioned into such historical and relevant regions as `` east of england '' or `` north west '' , because in the * europe of regions * , that 's all you 'll have with brussels as your new national capital . 
  it 's like when someone insults your brother . 
  you might insult them and laugh at them all day , but nobody else is allowed to do it, 
  it 's destabilised the south hugely . 
  it might be comfortable in northern and western europe , but any observer of greece or portugal , let alone someone who has spent time there , will know how damaging the devaluing of the whole region by the ecb was, 
  the main source of stability was the consolidation of western europe into nato after ww2 , preventing any conventional war between them , and when most of eastern europe joined in the last 15 years , they became unable to war between themselves . 
  given the problems the euro has caused in southern europe , i would argue the eu has destabilised europe . 
  using diplomatic cover when one is not a diplomat would cause a lot of headaches for the russians in the future if it was seen that any russian diplomat could actually not be one . 
  i 'm in nottinghamshire , and actual eu supporters are few and far between . 
  there are plenty ( 35 % or so ) who want to stay in as a matter of pragmatism , but nearly nobody who wants to out of principle . 
  most people want withdrawal round here . 
  generally speaking , discrimination or hatred on grounds of ethnicity or nationality is called racism .
