  populism is just a euphemism thrown around by an entrenched political class for when the people do n't want the current agenda . 
  from the british point of view , we 've fought enough wars against fascism for far-right views to be seen as distinctly * unpatriotic * . 
  ukip can not associate themselves with the actual far-right and continue to think of themselves as a soft-nationalism patriotic party . 
  however , i do not believe farage would want to jump into bed with the far-right , even if it would not lead to electoral oblivion . 
  this irony was perhaps best shown when the actually fascist bnp used anti-fascist symbolism from the second world war to reinforce their alleged patriotism . 
  1btc is about 600 quid if memory serves me , but i do n't use any of that crap . 
  so he 's betting you # 6 or so, 
  i 'm not a socialist 2 . 
  i want a party that has a chance of getting into parliament to make the eurosceptic voice heard , and not just being the literal whinging left-wing nutters . 
  they did n't stand in my region 4 . 
  `` ukip = racist '' is a label thrown around by edgy teenagers or people who frankly should know better . 
  it 's not racist to want to limit immigration . 
  both goldman sachs and citigroup have released projected nominal gdps showing a general decline for europe , but for france and germany to decline relatively faster and so the uk is left up in relation . 
  yes , obviously , but that probably wo n't happen for a long time yet . 
  why * is n't * the best place to govern britain britain itself ? 
  if less economic power globally is the price of freedom and independence , so be it . 
  actually , a common prediction is that we will be the largest in europe in 2030 and generally retain our position . 
  russia is even more aged than the uk m8 . 
  roughly the 1973 eec we joined my country is the 6th largest economy in the world and one of the unsc permament members . 
  we 're not the only european state in this boat , we do n't need to erase ourselves to ` compete ' , especially given how ridiculously undemocratic the eu is . 
  the parliament is a farce and i ca n't believe people take it seriously , let alone vote in federalists, 
  i would say a trade bloc with loose framework for co-operation , but that 's not going to happen , removing is then best, 
  yes . 
  i am a europhile in terms of the european continent , but i want an end to the sham that is the eu, 
  i read the times and sometimes the telegraph , do n't `` you sir '' me , you silly american . 
  would you like to give me chapter and verse on where ukip say they want to deport eu citizens and have * no * european immigration , please ? 
  are the greens any more popular than last time ? 
  it appeared not to me, 
  do people actually still vote bnp ? 
  to be honest , they 'll probably come 6th and get no seats , even in a large constituency . 
  fair play though, 
  it 's the eu we 're against , not europe, 
  just because i voted ukip , does n't mean i do n't hate europe . 
  the opposite in fact . 
  how many countries do not have violence in their history ? 
  it exists now and given that it 's done pretty well as an independent state , there 's no reason to give up that independence . 
  if the kentish wanted independence and to self-rule , then all the best to them . 
  but they do n't . 
  there is n't even a joke independence movement like my county has . 
  my country , being a sovereign and independent state with the best part of 1000 years of independence , is perfectly capable of running itself without needing to be subject to some faceless body above . 
  well , if wanting to remain independent and thinking the best people to run britain are the british is fundamentalism , then i am a fundamentalist . 
  frankly , i do n't understand why we need a parliament or a commission . 
  free trade and a framework for individual states to co-operate ? 
  i 'm all for that , i am a europhile yet an eusceptic , after all . 
  the commission resembles something that brezhnev might recognise rather than something in 21st century europe . 
  at least in our country , the civil service and technocrats are subservient to their political masters and held accountable by them, 
  the farcically undemocratic system of governance ref the commission . 
  we have , for the first time , a parliament that can not introduce or repeal legislation . 
  i think it 's difficult to find recent examples of a nobody like van rompuy or barraso being so unaccountable and yet influential without looking at the kremlin ` back in the day ' . 
  fortunately , we as europeans do have a chance to get off the train before it crashes , so vote wisely next week . 
  inb4 'm . . muh parliament can ask them nicely to reconsider ' oh , and whoever thought the euro would work should n't be put in charge of a bank till , let alone the ecb . 
  that 's my main complaint about my education in the british state system . 
  sure , i came out with an excellent knowledge of inorganic chemistry and plate tectonics , but nobody said `` this is how our political system works '' . 
  we did have citizenship every week , but it was mostly careers and how to not get knocked up/knock someone up . 
  implying not fen polytechnic, 
  you 're posting in / r/europe with a russian flag , i 'm afraid you can only expect idiotic comments and lazy generalisations . 
  for example , i am automatically both an imperialist and a rabid xenophobe . 
  arrogantly ? 
  i 'm pro-independence xd admittedly it 's because i am literally the devil to scots . 
  a man living in the shires with tory leanings and a desire for mother england to be freed from the designs of the jockos , fenians and sheepshaggers . 
  thatcher lives on in my heart . 
  i fear the nickname ` tartan mafia ' for the labour party is often quite apt . 
  in any case , if the scots are going to enjoy more free stuff than the english or welsh as well as being the beneficiaries of the west lothian question ( tuition fees being introduced by labour with the help of scottish mps who voted for them in the knowledge their seats would not be impacted , for example ) , they need to remove any doubt as to who is paying for it . 
  whether or not scotland is subsidised is secondary . 
  oh good . 
  i was worried that braveheart would be played on tv 24/7 and i would n't be able to go here for fear of excess bagpipe music being posted . 
  i 'm sorry , but the london tories argument is crap . 
  we 've just had 13 years of scottish pms from a party dominated by scots . 
  that being said , the only reason against scottish independence from my point of view is i 'll have to sit through all the triumphalism . 
  it wo n't change my life , if anything , it will make it better . 
  i think the point is that why should cameron do a debate when he ca n't vote in the referendum , and it 's not between the snp and the westminster government , it 's between the people of scotland . 
  is it not still the case that scottish independence is more popular in england ? 
  i , too , am fed up of having to sit through shit-tier spl results before getting to see the cricket scores and having the tartan mafia dominating the labour party . 
  does the snp have an england branch ? 
  no to annan fucking athletic getting their results before the actual proper sports get a word in !, 
  it 's good to know the psni puts justice before the election cycle . 
  nobody wants northern ireland . 
  it is a complete basketcase . 
  the irish would n't be able to foot the security bills and massive subsidies , but we do n't want it either . 
  it would solve the dispute overnight if the province fell into the sea . 
  the evidence he 's going to be charged on , if at all , has only recently come to light . 
  i think it would be unworkable , the best solution is that espoused by such schemes as the anglo-dutch marine corps where the royal marines and dutch marines train together and can integrate to form a large force of commando infantry , but are not considered one and the same and are not normally integrated . 
  in the big tourist cities and railway stations/airports , yes . 
  i live in a small town though and my local newsagents only has the british and irish papers , which are also english-language . 
  i get french news on my tv and that 's about it without watching online tv . 
  i 'm trying to learn swedish as well as keep my french and german serviceable . 
  i 'm likely to be out in sweden for some time in a couple of years , so i feel like i should have a go , but finding things to read/watch is more difficult . 
  it 's too easy to run it through translate . 
  it 's far better to do it offline and use dictionary and grammar when you 're stuck . 
  the police have got until 8pm tonight to charge him , release him , or file for extra time . 
  he could be held for up to two weeks before being charged or released as the terrorism laws have been invoked , but this seems unlikely in this case . 
  fair enough , i do n't want a united europe . 
  i do n't think either the eu or the usa have given a coherent response to current events . 
  / r/europe is full of warmongers , but neither the eu nor the usa are actually doing much . 
  i 'm not sure the us can be blamed for the inaction . 
  it is very difficult for native speakers in the uk like myself to get exposure to foreign languages . 
  fine , i can teach myself using old schoolbooks or take classes , but i ca n't watch foreign language tv easily or read a foreign language newspaper, 
  i. ... i. . . can transliterate that !, 
  the main question , i think , is why duplicate nato 's success ? 
  most eu members are also nato members and it seems pointless to make things more complicated .
