  we do n't need to be liked when we 're like the evil bond film villains of the world . 
  well , that 's their excuse . 
  i do n't think anyone went to isis to topple assad . 
  the usa started with * one * nation , not fewer . 
  that 's the difference that people need to realise . 
  there were 13 colonies with a shared identity and the remaining 37 states were carved from expansion, 
  the times is your best overall bet , there 's a fairly clear divide between news and opinion , and their world coverage is probably the best . 
  there is a centre-right slant towards the ` moderate ' mainstream branch of the conservatives , but it 's only apparent when you read the opinion pieces . 
  it is a murdoch paper and did show the news international ` party line ' during the press regulation debates ( eventually they broadly won the argument ) . 
  the independent is ok , but not taken seriously by many and has a low readership so they often do n't have the best writers, 
  i 'm not acquainted with german media , so that may be , but i think my point stands . 
  i would broadly call myself a social liberal , but these attitudes are unhelpful . 
  i did n't really care/loosely supported the government 's gay marriage legalisation 2 years ago , but i was disappointed by the way that debate was shut down . 
  people must have the right to air their views , we live in a democracy ( well i do , not sure about a lot of europe to be honest ) and all that . 
  by tarring one side as the bad guys or backward , it makes open and free debate more difficult to have , that 's what i mean . 
  no party ribbon has a monopoly on being good , bad , backward or forwards thinking, 
  it 's not a question of being backward or not , we have some right dinosaurs , but it 's stupid to portray them as a monolithic block of badness compared to the angels of truth , freedom and justice . 
  dare i say it 's more backward to do that , trying to shut down any sort of debate , than to oppose various aspects of social policy . 
  i 'm not sure this pantomime-villain depiction of ` conservatives ' is conductive to good political debate . 
  firstly the political right is not a single monolithic block . 
  i 'm a card carrying member of the british conservative party , the bad guys of eu politics , and i have no real problem with , for example , gay marriage . 
  but also , this assumption that left = good , right = bad ignores the basic fact that * every * perspective has a bias , there is no such thing as completely neutral reporting from * any * perspective . 
  the world is a bit less black and white than that . 
  no one ideological grouping has a monopoly on intelligence or idiocy . 
  no , the guardian is sensationalism dressed up with long words and a `` holier than thou '' writing style . 
  i would say the times was the most reputable . 
  just because a paper is conservative in views , does n't make it less reliable . 
  do we live in a world where , for example , the guardian is the most reputable british paper ? 
  a us/china war is unlikely , but a major war involving china seems likely given the new tensions in the pacific rim . 
  oh , good to hear ( ! ), 
  i should hope they have low youth unemployment , would n't want the greeks * et al * to have had their economies ruined for nothing . 
   as he believes like clausewitz , that war is the continuation of politics by other means . 
  more or less every non-western european leader in the world thinks that . 
  we have grown soft and unwilling to face the realities of the world in which we live . 
  conflict did n't die with the berlin wall . 
  scotland gets the nhs block grant to spend as it sees fit , and currency ca n't be devolved if you want to keep using the pound , and what else would there be ? 
  the euro ? 
  i think the gutter press tends not to have undue influence on the government . 
  the way forward , as i see it , is for all 4 countries in the uk ( perhaps make london some sort of city-state ) to have devo-max with most taxes going to that government and westminster 's role being reduced . 
  this would also solve the west lothian question . 
  of course , labour oppose any sort of devolution for england , even just only allowing english mps to vote on english-only bills , because that would destroy the party of scots ' chances of forming workable majorities, 
  but surely when most day-to-day matters are devolved already , the direct effect of westminster would be minimal , so the main question is `` do we want this government to have supremacy over ours or not ? '', 
  and that was not answered by the yes campaign who seemed to imagine that brussels would be fairer and more easily influenced by scotland than westminster . 
  it 's not the direct effect , it 's that you have a foreign power with supremacy over your local government . 
  it 's not like the uk where scotland does really rather well out of having devolution and the 2nd biggest party more or less being the party of scots ( does it surprise you that england nearly always goes tory when the labour party does n't care for england ? 
  ) , i doubt brussels would be as well-meaning towards scotland . 
  that was my main problem with the yes vote , they did n't actually want independence from foreign rule , it was just a massive ego trip . 
  but not from brussels , all you lads wanted to do was cut out the middleman between brussels and holyrood . 
  it 's conference season and parliament is in recess , so nothing is going to happen for a bit , even though there 's a lot of domestic politics in the run up to the general election going on, 
  the fundamental principle of british society is `` hate thy neighbour until something more foreign appears '' , this means that banter is possible not just based on what town you 're from or what team you support , but what food shop you go to or ( in my case ) which building in a group of flats you live in . 
  banter justifies most things . 
  this is why we want out of the eu . 
  farage is top banter , he is the definition of banter , but yuropoors get so butthurt and angry we can not have constructive discussions due to their shit banter handling skills . 
  basically i shop for my homeware and kitchen equipment in john lewis because i 'm a middle class tart . 
  people who go to m&s are usually in tracksuits and people who go to house of fraser have a bit too much money . 
  everything has top bantz attached to it in this country . 
  europeans do n't understand . 
  are we looking at the same graph ? 
  did n't see the tory party or any affiliated body on the list, 
  and when they get there , ecb austerity measures have closed down the banter hall of banterous individuals, 
  m&s is crap compared to the homeware glory that john lewis is, 
  [ mfw generating irish tears is a noble british tradition that will never end ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h01snkw.gif ) fancy taking some more potatoes to keep it going ? 
  or shall we just refer to them as papist heathens ? 
  we are literally the country that subsidises a province of 2 million terrorists just to piss off the irish, 
  on the internet , only brits , kiwis , and aussies can handle the top banter . 
  the french ca n't handle the department store banter , how can they hope with internet banter ? 
  the new wembley could seat the entire british army , how times change, 
  it 's not racist if it 's about the uk and coming from another eu citizen , you should know that, 
  not sure if `` muh relevance '' is a legit argument for giving up independence , but i 've had that discussion too many times . 
  maybe if you 're from a small country it 's a sound idea if your neighbours have similar economies and strong mutual affinities , and i can get that , but if you 're british , german or french , the gains would n't be massive compared to the losses . 
  but what 's the point of a united army ? 
  only the uk and france , in europe , have any real capability anyway . 
  all it would be would be an anglo-french partnership as part of a generally us-led policy with the other countries tagging along for the ride , sort of like what we have now . 
  it 's easy to play the big boy with other people 's toys, 
  something about sending dirty pics to young women , but i do n't know, 
  ** uk ** party conference season , so plenty of politics to discuss . 
  * ed miliband , leader of the opposition , failed to mention the economy or immigration in his keynote speech , leading to much derision from all corners . 
  * another tory mp , mark reckless , has defected to ukip . 
  he is mp for rochester in kent and signs are that he will be re-elected in the bye-election for his seat . 
  he does not have to stand down to call a bye-election as voters elect an mp , not a party , but it is convention to do so when defecting . 
  * a minor government minister , brooks newmark , has resigned before a personal scandal is published in today 's papers * former bbc dj dave lee travis has been found guilty of indecent assault * ukip 's conference in doncaster , miliband 's seat , gives an insight into the party 's policies , with plans to cut tax paid for by cuts to foreign aid and the contribution to the eu budget , which obviously they want to leave all together . 
  * after a recall of parliament and a vote , the house of commons votes overwhelmingly in favour of war on isis . 
  the government does not have to consult parliament to go to war , but this has been convention since the 1990s . 
  6 raf jets based out of the british base in cyprus are already involved with more likely to join them , flying from the uk . 
  sorry , i was busy drinking the tears of welsh orphans , cutting the drug supply of glasgow and beating up the cornish for not talking properly . 
  wales outside the m4 corridor is very rural and underpopulated , an independent wales would have a grossly imbalanced economy , but in the uk , north and mid wales are close enough to england to be very well integrated to the border regions of england . 
  there 's no ethnic difference to speak of between the peoples of britain , the differences are linguistic and cultural , and frankly , irrelevant in the 21st century . 
  of course there * are * regional differences that we should be proud of , but that line of thinking seems strange to me . 
  we assume that the basque people have been static since the last ice age , the region was a ` safe haven ' for humans then and most of the genepool of `` atlantic europe '' , which covers northern iberia , the british isles and much of france , is thought to come from this region , although many of the proposed migrations in history ( such as the spread of the celts and the anglo-saxon invasion of england ) were more cultural and linguistic shifts , perhaps with a change of leadership , than mass movements . 
  because of this , it 's a fair guess that the basque language is a pre-ie remnant , there is no other plausible theory . 
  the finno-ugric family came down after ie , from 5-6 ,000 years ago for finnish and estonian , but much more recently in hungarian, 
  athens is fantastic , i stayed near the parliament square and was able to walk to pretty much all the sites , but that means early starts to avoid the worst of the summer heat . 
  it is like nothing else in europe though , absolutely manic city . 
  highlight when i went there was the amphitheatre at epidauros , if you go early in the day it 's best for both heat and missing large groups . 
  they often show plays there , with english subtitles projected onto a board . 
  i managed to see sophoceles ' philoctetes , it was by far the best theatre production i 've been to . 
  near to there is a village by the sea , palaia epidauros , which is also beautiful , with excellent swimming and some good tavernas . 
  this is all on the peloponnese on the eastern-most ` finger ', 
  me and xaethon are both english if you want to narrow it down, 
  i 'm from the north and i can tell you that there 's a very strong anti-establishment and anti-westminster feeling up here .
