  do n't dress up your bigotry with semantics . 
  whatever , but i think that the people of russia are not deserving of being called barbarians . 
  maybe i have read too much russian literature or whatever , but enough good things have come from that direction for me to hold no ethnic prejudice towards them . 
  fortunately , i live in a country where defence is taken semi-seriously . 
  most europeans can not say the same . 
  * i always love these ` revelations ' - show how much the us still believes the problem with europe ( empires , european union , european federation ) is with whichever eurocrat is barking at the time , rather than face the reality that it is all of european civilisation and culture that is the problem . 
  * * the governments , the clergies , the people , everyone * do you not think it 's ever so slightly racist and unhelpful to be * quite * so bigoted against russian people ? 
  of course , the irony is that the ecb did n't carry out an expansionary fiscal policy to avoid inflationary pressures , resulting in many of the problems for greece , and now look what the main problem for the euro is . 
  if you did n't laugh , you 'd cry . 
  it 's refreshing to hear from someone on / r/europe who understands the conflict properly, 
  interesting . 
  i 've been away a lot in the past few months , but i was n't aware of eu boots on the ground . 
  defo no brits , even our special forces are not exactly subtle, 
  i do n't agree with russian actions ( although the separatists should be allowed to air their grievances ) , but i disagree more strongly with the attitude of fighting to the last briton or american over it . 
  it 's easy to play big boy with other people 's lives . 
  i , hopefully , wo n't be an eu person for much longer though . 
  so far , our operations have been conducted with relative competence from cyprus . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  the uk is , understandably , not best pleased at russia , but we 're not talking about warring them , hell , we 're not so bothered about enacting sanctions . 
  but you come onto / r/europe and people are playing the big boy with british or american soldiers , and you look at the nato summit , where there are over 20 members completely unwilling to pull their weight in the alliance . 
  i can assure you , the eu would not ` happily let them take it ' , that would defeat the purpose of their whole exercise in the ukraine and flies in the face of * everything * they have said and done up to this point . 
  you ca n't portray us as the bellicose warmongers dragging the eu to war and the little island fascists unwilling to get involved properly . 
  isis is a long way from the sea ( our base in cyprus has proven to be better placed ) and the ukraine , frankly , is n't our problem . 
  british soldiers should n't be sent to war when the bellicose european leaders are unwilling to commit seriously and/or have nothing serious to commit in the first place . 
  europe will fight to the last briton and american on the ukrainian crisis and we should n't humour them . 
  hms bulwark and hms albion are the main landing ships , and hms ocean is one as well . 
  hms ocean , a helicopter carrier , is being used as a stop-gap until hms queen elizabeth comes in about 3 years , but ( foolishly ) , there is no fast jet capacity since the harriers left until about 2017 when the lightning ii comes in . 
  the treaty was that britain and france might be able to jointly operate carriers in joint operations with compatibility for british planes on the french carrier and vice versa when the 2 queen elizabeth class carriers are in service . 
  there 's no long-term arrangement to ` share ' decks though , it 's just something that could be done . 
  it 's ok because we have better ones anyway . 
  the ` progressive ' left in this country only has the ideology of self-hate , no matter how contradictory this becomes . 
  although it 's an extreme point to take , nobody is saying that pc led to the events in rotherham directly , there * is * evidence of a lack of willingness ( for example , a researcher who pointed out the ethnic origin of the gang was made to carry out diversity training ) to act on information about the case because of a * fear * of being seen as bigoted or institutionally racist . 
  but , as anyone who has dealt with local government ever will know , these people do n't need encouragement in woolly ivory-tower ` progressivism ' . 
  i would strongly recommend any jobs listing pages under the ` local government ' category for a good giggle . 
  take a drink everytime a job title has `` diversity '' , `` community '' or `` co-ordinator '' . 
  * sniff * a level economics is best * sniff *, 
  i never said the mail was a good paper , but at least they do n't pretend to be . 
  i 'm not sure if editorial decisions from 80 years ago are still relevant . 
  for example , do we still attack the guardian for being sympathetic to the american confederates 150 years ago or for blaming the protestors for bloody sunday more recently ? 
  well , we 've spent 800 years defending our freedoms from envious europoors , and now the vacuum cleaners are under threat !, 
  where will it end !, 
  with the impending collapse of the french state , increasing the amount of assets they have to sell for cold hard currency is only a good thing . 
  `` jacques , i will give you a whole ** 7 ** american dollars in cash for the city of nantes and a mistral warship '' `` oui ! '', 
  the guardian is perhaps the most pompous , sneery and contemptuous mainstream paper in the uk . 
  the mail * et al * just take liberties with the truth , the guardian actually holds the people of the uk in contempt, 
  that 's the problem . 
  we are average-sized for land but the 3rd ( ? ), 
  biggest population . 
  overcrowding is a major issue and will only get worse . 
  nobody really knows how it might affect the uk economy . 
  i 've studied this a fair bit and my conclusion was a fairly minimal impact either way , but people who study this invariably reach conclusions to match their views . 
  because the uk runs a large trade deficit with the eu , the eu would , assuming no political requirement to do otherwise ( it would be a bit wild to imagine a military confrontation or something ) , want to give the uk access to the single market for goods and services . 
  this means that imports are unlikely to be affected . 
  not being in it for capital might paradoxically help , given the planned banking transaction tax . 
  the one consequence is that frankfurt might emerge as a real financial centre ( currently it fails to live up to the hype , being ranked below zurich in many indicators of financial centres ) for the rest of the eu , with a possible consequence of firms moving there from london . 
  that 's a natural response by the market to political uncertainty , but this was the prediction of what may happen if the uk opted out of the single currency , which failed to come to pass . 
  ( the 3 million jobs that will be lost if we leave , nobody has cleared up if these are the 3 million we left by not joining the euro or another 3 million on top ) the fact is , for this issue , london is a * much * better established banking centre and uk laws are more favourable to the financial sector than most other countries . 
  the assumption generally taken from this is that there might be a slight decline in trade , but the uk 's deficit means that neither side wins through enforcing trade restrictions , but the uk should have much greater freedom of action outside the eu in trade policy . 
  personally , i think that labour markets and goods markets should be treated differently . 
  it 's not fair for those of us in small and crowded places to have to accept an open-door as the price of being in the single market . 
  it is an integral part of the eu , fair enough , so perhaps it helps the case for leaving . 
  we run a huge goods trade deficit with the rest of the eu , we 're not the ones who lose out if trade agreements are not reached . 
  i understand that need , but as this country becomes more and more based on financial services , the historical mainstay of the economy barring an interlude for a time in the last century , and high-tech industry , labour costs become a less important factor of production and it 's better to build up the workforce from the lowest levels , because to not do so would keep unemployment relatively high , and it means less distortions in the market . 
  apprenticeships are back in a big way and have been a main factor in the reduction of youth unemployment , which i welcome . 
  we should aim to compete on technology , where we have an advantage , than on a race-to-the-bottom , where we do not . 
  there 's nothing wrong with people coming from eastern europe with skills this country needs , but that does n't mean there has to be completely no limits . 
  i agree the best way forward is to make ourselves more competitive , but a big problem is youth unemployment of which * one * of the causes is easy access to cheaper migrant labour . 
  also there are problems with a small country experiencing sudden population growth with overcrowding and public services . 
  not where i live , but i hear it 's fun times if you want a school place or doctor 's appointment in london . 
  it 's nothing personal and nobody has anything against eastern europeans , just that completely uncontrolled movement to the uk causes more problems than it solves . 
  i 'm not sure how wanting less migrant labour for a country with a youth unemployment problem means that eastern euros are scum . 
  * yes minister * meets * ` allo ` allo *, 
  it 's funny how sanctions have been a massive three-way mexican stand-off . 
  the french wo n't cancel the ship sales until the british enforce banking sanctions , and they wo n't do that until the germans start to embargo russian industry . 
  yes , it was . 
  it can be used in that context , but i 've not seen it to be, 
  i did some stuff about finnish/ussr relations at college last year , the word was used a lot , as you would expect , but nobody was mocking finland for it, 
  there 's nothing shameful about accepting the reality of being next to a much larger country with an incredibly different political system . 
  finlandisation is a fair enough word to use to describe this , but i do n't think i 've heard it used in an insulting way, 
  how are british citizens lied to about the eu ? 
  i agree there 's a lot of bollocks in the tabloids , but that 's the same everywhere . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how not supporting either side gives me an irrational disdain of the eu , even if i do think that this crisis has been spurred on by the eu , who were perfectly happy to encourage the regime change in kiev and then did n't back it up . 
  obviously the russians are the aggressors , but that does n't mean it is ok to completely steamroll over concerns of russophones in the east of the country . 
  no , you 're right . 
  the eu does n't do that . 
  it just sends the countries of southern europe to the wall to prevent inflation in the north , causing huge amounts of suffering in those lands and now of course the northern european states are sliding into deflation . 
  the lisbon treaty does now , but will that remain for the long-term ? 
  probably not , given the trends of closer integration and greater centralisation seen as the * only * solution . 
  if the ukrainians want to keep independence , they really should join nato and the eea , but not the eu . 
  i 've studied the eu in quite a lot of depth , actually , following the principle of * know thy foe * . 
  our main disagreement is that you are talking about what the eu is now , i am talking about what it will be in 10 years or so , assuming the survival of the union . 
  no , what they think they will get out of the eu and what they end up getting will end up being two rather different things . 
  our dear leader juncker [ is rather fond of such an approach ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/article/head-eurogroup-admits-lying-about-secret-greek-meeting-out-fears-market-collapse ) . 
  the ukrainians can do what they want , but they can not expect to join the eu and have their independence secured in the long-term . 
  although , to be fair to them , the eu is better than russia , if only because the eu gives you a decade or two to prepare . 
  if the talk on / r/europe of militarising the eu was shared by those actually in power , i would n't want to be the first country to leave . 
  it is entirely up to them , yes , but they will be fed a lie , and will wake up one day and realise it , but it will be too late to defend the principles of their independence they are currently wanting to defend against russia . 
   biased views all opinions are biased . 
  what i mean is that , if the ukraine joins the eu , they probably do n't realise it , especially not with all the free money that will be given , but give it 30 years and they have lost independence , being brought into some sort of large european state . 
  unless the eu collapses before then .
