  the countries of northern europe basically destroyed a whole swathe of the continent , economically speaking , in order to avoid political pressures at home to prevent price rises . 
  i find that a bit disturbing on a good day . 
  not to mention the fact that there are trade policies based on protectionism for goods and it 's not april 1st , they 're just used to prop up declining production and pretend everything is alright . 
  i was being a bit facetious there , but the current way of doing things seems awfully anti-democratic with a leadership within the eu that nobody has heard of or voted for . 
  it might be a joke about washed up british politicians getting themselves appointed to a cosy spot lecturing people without that boring democratic process , but it 's not exactly false . 
  national governments do have groups less represented than others . 
  in this country , if you are english , you do not benefit from a devolved assembly . 
  however large multinational groupings are much worse off for this with many more avenues for disagreement . 
  no , because i do not believe we are similar enough for a single-state . 
  we have our cultural links as europeans which we can enjoy and have good relations with eachother . 
  a union would force us together in a way that many find undesirable and would cause internal strife and disagreements as different interests struggle to be represented . 
  a united europe in which the interests of protectionist big businesses come first and foremost . 
  whether that 's what they want is one thing , but that 's what 's going to happen , just look at greece . 
  greece has been sacrificed to avoid inflationary pressures in northern europe . 
  there will * never * be the utopia of a happy and free europe in which the interests of the people come before big business . 
  only breaking up the privileged powers of the real major firms and preventing remergers to open up genuine competition would work , but that 's probably not going to happen . 
  i was being moderately facetious , but it 's a reference to the perception that federalism is being driven by power-crazed maniacs , which is probably true, 
  yeah , yeah , yeah , it 's all britain 's fault !, 
  the irony of the so-called federalists lumping blame on entire countries for different things , greeks for debts , brits for muh bankers , etc , has n't escaped anyone . 
  how can you expect britons or greeks to be pro-eu when this is how they feel to be treated ? 
  i was talking about just britain , if the continent goes in for protectionism to keep decaying industries afloat , that 's their choice but not one we should be part of . 
  the future 's east and we 've got a much better chance of doing well out of the new challenges and opportunities , given our strong financial sectors and ties to the region , than without being shackled to delusions of some sort of use ever working or worse , not being able to get out of it . 
  i do n't want total equality . 
  there have to be incentives to do well . 
  if everyone is equal , why would you try to better yourself , from an economic point of view ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned , finance is here to stay and it 's what we do best as a nation , paris and frankfurt are 2nd-rate at best compared to london and the rest of the country . 
  the best way is to prevent firms from getting too big to fail in the first place , if a banking house goes under , it 's bad , but it should n't need bailing out . 
  the framework to prevent anti-competitive mergers exists , why not use it ? 
  yeah , that will totally solve everything and give a true voice to the people of europe . 
  our economic and political interests are too disparate for them to be married into a single policy or institution , and the sort of ` fourth reich ' that federalists seem to dream of is something i find completely unacceptable . 
  because that totally justifies the eu 's way of doing things . 
  i 'm not exactly a fan of the way some things here are done , i would rather see the free market instead of the quasi-oligarchical shite our unbalanced economy has started to bring in , this is n't the 17th century , protectionism like what the eu seems to be going for does n't work and oligarchism does n't either . 
  meps have no real power , that 's the problem . 
  what 's happening at the moment ? 
  the whole of southern europe is being thrown under a bus to avoid inflationary pressures in france and germany . 
  because the european union was n't built by big business for big business ? 
  because a united europe would be dominated by franco-german ( and to a lesser extent british , assuming no withdrawal ) interests , which will fly in the face of interests in many other areas , causing lasting resentment at best and probably a load more . 
  it is in the interest of future peace and prosperity that we maintain our respective independences while enjoying good trade and cultural links . 
  no , and the plans to introduce them were draconian at best, 
  palmerston might have been controversial in some spheres , but there was n't a greater spreader of liberal ideals abroad in britain in the 19th century than him, 
  i remember him as a megalomaniac who tried to turn this country into a police state with planned mandatory id cards ( thank god that failed to pass ) and great expansions of police powers to hold without charge on dubious grounds , who utterly failed to rebalance the economy away from being over-reliant on the city and all that . 
  different perceptions i guess . 
  reasons against united europe # 664 `` blair thinks it is a good idea '' all this bollocks about stronger economies united is just that , maybe for those of us who have n't left the 18th century and still think trade protectionism is a valid policy , but in the real world , a loose bloc with close economic and cultural ties is a much better solution . 
  i would n't have any objections to seizing the passports of those who go to syria to support extremism . 
  the article does give her name , to be fair, 
  should have thought about that they tried to take everyone on !, 
  step five : lose step six : claim unfairness i think it 's a bit later, 
  german internet defence force pls , the maps looked much better when you lot were in petty duchies, 
  fastest growing one out of the major ones . 
  i think that 's what he meant . 
  let us colonise wherever it is you are and you can become one !, 
   plebs you . 
  i like you . 
  [ why would we gib monis to the bosche ? 
  can we make them repartition themselves as part of the austerity package ? 
  just for a laugh and to restore border aesthetics to europe . 
  exactly . 
  it 's a rapidly expanding party under more scrutiny than the others and will have these things , but the offending party is kicked out and ukip one-ups by removing ideas of being ` soft ' on transgressing politicians like the other parties ( lib dems and lord rennard spring to mind ), 
  conservatives would have an easier time getting majorities , they used to be the main party in scotland but have collapsed outside of england really . 
  there have been several times when the `` celtic fringe '' gave labour a majority, 
  eh , they 're all bastards . 
  it 'll be a while before northern ireland loses the stigma i think , even if it is a nice place, 
  is n't transnistria * de facto * independent though ? 
  virtually every british paper that 's not the times or the ft is a load of crap , and the daily mail is the worst of the lot because unlike the tabloids , it takes itself seriously . 
  i do n't have a problem with the sun for example , because nobody reads it for serious info, 
  thank you based pitcairn islands and indian ocean territories, 
  whereas the sort of people who think joining the eu now is a good idea probably are criminally stupid , outlawing protests is * so * 20th century and vulgar . 
  might as well let them think they 're going to change something, 
  we 've discussed this one a lot here and there are major flaws in such claims . 
  but the daily mail is n't often a reliable source . 
  there 's a difference between the free market and the sort of oligarchical capitalism we now have, 
  farage is fairly standard for a british politician in terms of his antagonistic debating manner , and i think it 's more that that 's not a style often seen out of this country rather than him being actually hostile, 
  our jewish population is very well integrated and has been for a long time , it is also fairly low-profile and small so fails to attract much attention . 
  likewise , there are n't many greeks in comparison to other groups and they are generally well-integrated into our society , if stereotyped as fast food shop owners . 
  but where would the great british night out be without kebab or gyros ? 
  the eastern european thing comes from a fairly reasonable concern about youth unemployment . 
  a lot of people would rather businesses took on kids who left school at 16 for the manual work and being able to then move onto better things rather than migrants . 
  and the `` brits wo n't do it '' is absolute bullshit , i know so many people who 'd do a lot for a job stacking shelves or on a checkout or whatever . 
  islam is * the * scary one in the eyes of many , because of a high growth rate and the ( not wholly inaccurate , but slightly overstated ) tolerance of values and practises that fly in the face of everything that this country stands for . 
  i 've only heard violent anti-semitism , holocaust denial , homophobia , etc , from the mouths of so-called muslims and for that to be a tolerated view amongst their peers . 
  this is the hierarchy for pretty much every aspect of european life i think . 
  germani pay denbts . 
  it wo n't work !, 
  germans are inherently lazy people !, 
  we should cut our losses and run !, 
  need to regain the edge they 've lost to the ` new ' eu !, 
  currency devaluation !, 
  i know everyone goes on about florence , but it 's not a patch on the bits near siena . 
  if we got them building all the houses ? 
  sure . 
  but with high youth unemployment , why do n't we start getting the kids straight out of school onto decent training schemes for construction jobs ? 
  you seemed to think it 's a bad thing in your last comment . 
  what european politicians need to understand is that britain has always had a lot of interests in other regions , especially north america and the far east , and that 's not going to be ended out of some protectionist desire to get all non-european influence to go away . 
  it was an off-the-record threat afaik . 
  buenos aires could be hit by a missile from a submarine in uk waters , and although that rumour is generally believed to be true , it was n't ` official ' so to speak, 
  and then you 'll run crying to some eu court or another if we did the same ? 
  we need to keep an eye on the bosche to make sure they behave this time , you see . 
  seriously , the five eyes agreement is older than the eu and for the british government , is a damn sight more useful to have a grouping of countries with a shared language and global interests , including some major players , rather than a group we would * like * to have good ties with and value very much , but do n't have the same level of trust and differing interests . 
  letting another country in because of some faux-outrage , because it 's alright to spy on germans , but as soon as merkel is spied on , that 's it , is n't really going to happen, 
  nobody blames immigrants personally , but should n't we try and stop immigrant-led population growth while we look after our own and making sure they have affordable housing ?
