  i 've never been to sweden , but when i was getting ready for a trip to finland a month ago , i got a lot from my friends about how it was some sort of utopia and also that everything was expensive . 
  it was about as costly as southern england , and although it was a lovely place that i hope to go back to , it was n't a liberal paradise full of brave atheist potheads , which is how a lot of people on reddit imagine the nordics to be, 
  if nothing else , a good showing for the nationalist parties next may will send a message about the anger that many people have . 
  if ukip won a plurality and equivalent parties ( such as afd in germany ) did the same elsewhere , then the issues that ordinary people are most concerned about may actually be addressed and listened to . 
  i do n't agree with a lot of what ukip say ( their health and education policies sound like they were cooked up in the backroom of a pub ) , but i will be voting for them in may for this reason . 
  this is just the electoral consequence of years of unaccountable and elitist rule all over the continent . 
  yeah , the wall is still standing in some sections, 
  if the scots leave we 'll be rebuilding the wall and putting an electric fence on it, 
  all i have is a 22 mile moat to keep myself safe from the frenchies/spanish/germans / danes/whoever it is this century tfw no awesome border, 
  honestly , i live near an area with a lot of hill-farming and the price floors on their products are what keeps a lot of it going . 
  i believe that practise does wonders for the landscape as well . 
  i did some work on cap in economics and it struck me as a folly , but that 's because of my own economic views which lean towards the liberal and can be debated . 
  cap is often regarded as free money for inefficient french farmers in particular . 
  the truth of this can be debated , but it 's the widely held view, 
  i never said anything about his conviction , but he should n't have assumed that the average person would cotton onto a reference to latin poetry and perhaps rephrased . 
  powell became quite single-minded on the need for repatriations . 
  whereas i am in favour of strict immigration controls , the idea of removing people who have been born here is a bit stickier and certainly harder to justify . 
  although i ` got ' the reference when i first read it , it was misjudged of him to use allegory so strongly and not expect the literal meaning to be taken as such . 
  the problem with powell is that he was possibly one of the sharpest minds of 20th century british politics , but he went a bit mad with age , regardless of the truth or otherwise of what he was saying, 
  i do n't know too much about this , i 'm no legal scholar or student , but i believe there 's a hearing after being charged to determine if one is imprisoned awaiting trial or put on bail . 
  i do n't know if there such a thing in germany . 
  this is the angle farage appears to be taking , although i get the feeling he 's being overly dramatic, 
  i think it 's because , as in his example of amanda knox , she was acquitted but spent a long time in prison and her name was thoroughly dragged through the mud by the authorities . 
  honestly , i think he 's going for the dramatic too much and his point is n't as dramatic as the headline suggests . 
  england & wales ( scotland has it 's own system ) use english law , or common law , which is very different to the system of civil law used everywhere else in europe . 
  the former is based on precedents set by previous decisions ( this is why the british legal profession is such a complex one ) and the latter on codified principles which are adhered to . 
  trials under the common law system are adversarial with the judge acting as an adjudicator between two opposing sides , the jury making the decision and the judge passing the appropriate judgement from the decision made by the jury of 12 random citizens and what he has heard , taking precedents and mitigating circumstances into account . 
  under the civil law system , if i am not mistaken , trials take the format of judges being the dominant figures , rather than the lawyers , in trying to reach the truth of the matter , and juries are n't always involved . 
  farage 's point is that the european system is a very different legal system which does n't allow for legally recognised rights within the english system , such as all trials before a jury of one 's fellow citizens and the right of * habeas corpus * , that is , a prisoner or someone on his/her behalf may submit a writ that means they are either brought before a court hearing or released . 
  that is how i understand the matter . 
  i may be wrong , i am not an expert in this field , and feel free to point out any errors . 
  we 've got * nothing * against romanians at all . 
  however , right now , we 've had several years of hardship , unemployment is high , real wages are dropping , prices are rising and house prices are in another bubble . 
  you 'll have to understand that the british public will be less forgiving and understanding to migrant workers than usual . 
  youth unemployment is very high ( about 20 % last time i saw ) and a lot of people at this moment in time will find the idea of lots of young migrant workers coming exasperating . 
   elected he was n't even elected , he was appointed by a small cabal , that 's what 's worrying, 
  i 'd read a lot about the upswing in anti-eu parties around europe , like the true finns , the danish people 's party and various french parties, 
  yeah , i would agree with that . 
  the true finns broadly stick to the `` nordic model '' and ukip are more aligned with what has been called the `` anglo-saxon '' model of less government intervention coupled with a strong emphasis on contract law and property rights . 
  which of those two economic models is better depends very much on your point of view , both provide different outcomes and came about in different circumstances, 
  when i went to tallinn , i took the bus too far ( at least the route was circular , so i just stayed on for the whole circuit ) and ended up going through some tiny villages with potholes everywhere . 
  that being said , it 's a nice place that i can recommend, 
  it 's looking likely that ukip will win a plurality in our eu elections , and i thought it was similar in a lot of other places, 
  i thought that was a bit odd , given that the finns party have close-ish ties with ukip ( i think some high-up from the finns party spoke at ukip 's conference last month ) , but ukip are right-wing libertarians ( sort of ), 
  i 'm not sure if an opposition to some of the policies of the state of israel can be considered anti-semitism , but certainly the left in the uk is often accused of implicit anti-semitism , particularly the guardian newspaper 's reports on israel . 
  i 've never met an anti-semite of european origins . 
  all the antisemetic stuff i have heard has come from the mouths of immigrants from the middle east and pakistan who both deny the holocaust and then say it would have been a good thing . 
  had to stop doing the arab-israeli conflict at my old school in history because of the extreme views spouted . 
  i think the famous * lincolnshire poacher * numbers station was traced to a location in the british-controlled area of cyprus by some radio nerds, 
  i doubt it . 
  when my friend was quoted # 50 per week for a single room in nottingham , i really do n't think that 's the going rate . 
  houses are n't that shitty , the older ones are generally better . 
  victorian terraces might be cramped , but they 're better than 60s high-rises obviously we 're meant to ask mummy and daddy for money . 
  on housing , it 's more reasonable where i live , * but * , i live in a region that 's been stagnant at best for the last 40 years . 
  there 'll be two britains in the future . 
  london and the immediate surroundings and the rest of the uk . 
  i do n't like london as a city , but i 'm very concerned about the way it seems to be going . 
  one of the issues is the bizarre notion that one 's house should be an investment before a dwelling and pushes prices up artificially . 
  housing benefits and the proposed * right to buy * are just subsidies for the landlords to keep their prices higher than they really ought to be . 
  two issues with the article are the implication that it 's a tory thing . 
  it 's not , it 's a liblabcon thing . 
  the other thing is implying that the fees rises is misogynistic because a lot more women go to university than men these days . 
  that 's not a question of some sort of anti-young woman policy , that 's a question of why there is such a discrepancy . 
  i do n't know if germany joining the current ukuscanausnz treaties would work or be desired . 
  the reason the five are tied so closely in intelligence are partly historical , the initial foundations laid during the war and then the cold war , and also that there are n't another 5 countries in the world with such close ties and closely aligned global interests . 
  i ca n't see where france or germany fit into it . 
  whereas the uk enjoys close military and foreign policy co-operation with both countries and france in particular , i do n't know if they 're close enough to the ` anglosphere ' powers that make up the current treaty to be a part of it . 
  a european no-spy deal could work , but again , do britain/france/germany / italy/netherlands have close enough interests or views on the world ? 
  i think not . 
  even if it 's just wanting to know some stuff about the behind-the-scenes politics or detailed economic analysis , these governments will want to do that to eachother and find this stuff out , even if , say , what the french politicos are up to is a less pressing concern for mi6 than what 's going on in russia , iran or china, 
  of course the french and the germans want to know what 's going on in london , paris and berlin . 
  they do n't benefit from complete information-sharing or no-spy arrangements ( and would be unlikely to do so in the future ) , and so a certain amount of intelligence gathering is pretty much expected . 
  * if * the spying had been on german people as a whole rather than the government , that 's another issue all together . 
  if the germans want intel on goings-on within the british or us governments , that 's their prerogative , as is for british or us agencies to want to know what 's happening in germany . 
  whereas i agree mass spying on citizens is wrong , let 's not pretend that governments are n't all spying on eachother . 
  they will have been the sort of plans they get staff officers to do during quiet periods or as map exercises to keep them sharp . 
  just because the plans exist , it does n't mean anything . 
  i know . 
  that was sort of my point , how can someone single out the tories when it 's not like labour have been any better ? 
  say what you like about ukip , but a bunch of nutters setting the cat amongst the pigeons every now and then certainly livens up the political scene, 
  but at least it 's under endearing chaps like sir humphrey rather than some bloody belgian , what what ? 
  ca n't be much worse than unchecked labour madness . 
  do n't you remember blair ? 
  my problem is that i always got the idea that , rather than functioning with a parliament from which the cabinet ( the ec if you will ) is drawn , the ec is not drawn from the parliament and the ep is just lip-service to the idea of democratically accountable leadership . 
  maybe ` ploy ' is too strong , but it 's my interpretation of events , as to why the countries who want access to such capabilities without paying for it are in favour of the idea of an integrated military , even if the eu paid for it , all the things they want are added to the ` pool ' if you will , even though it was n't them who paid for it . 
  so , a council that is completely without accountability to anyone except a bunch of lapdogs and egomaniacs chose him ( although this could be said for most parliaments ) ? 
  great . 
  you misunderstand my point about ` nobody being in favour ' . 
  of course some people are in favour of the eu for idealistic or practical grounds , * however * , my point is that in uk politics , cameron will gain large amounts of prestige and support if he is seen to be standing up to brussels . 
  in my social circle , which is fairly varied , there are no people who actually ` support ' the eu , most people are anti or ambivalent , and certainly the only people who go out and speak in favour are businesses who want the cheap migrant labour , such as the cbi . 
  how is the ec democratic ? 
  baroness ashton , a british commissioner within the ec , was never elected by a british or european electorate , and came from pretty much obscurity . 
  as being responsible for foreign affairs , she 's been pushing for integrated european armed forces . 
  this is just a ploy by those countries who want access to anglo-french capabilities , such as nuclear submarines , aircraft carriers , and some of the best special forces in the world , without actually paying for them or having any real clout on the world stage as britain and france do . 
  likewise , as farage memorably and controversially pointed out , who voted for van rompuy or barroso ? 
  bringing in external auditors is not bloody difficult . 
  i could phone up some auditors and have them go through my personal accounts if i so wished . 
  you asked me to elaborate . 
  i did . 
  a court appointed by the very institutions it 's meant to audit is n't something i would consider ... sound .
