  what [ about the spending blackhole ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/politics/top-stories/scottish-independence-fiscal-black-hole-warning-1-3192186 ) ? 
  these are questions that need to be answered . 
  honestly , if the scots actually want independence , then i wish them the best , despite the fuck-ugly borders it would produce . 
  but , these are questions that need to be seriously answered in a transparent manner and better thought-through than the sort of plans you cook up in the snug room of your local boozer ( as the defence policy certainly seems to be ) , and open for debate without just shouting `` scaremongering !, 
  trust us ! '', 
  i am english . 
  according to what salmond and other snp-types have been saying on the tv , question time , etc , i am therefore responsible for any and all problems scotland has ever had and will ever have . 
  most scots do n't think that way , so i can say `` that 's just one man , no need to tar all scots with the brush '' . 
  i know perfectly nice and agreeable scots , so i do n't need to say `` all scots are like salmond '' , because that 's not true . 
  the snp got a majority because they give free shit to the scots . 
  i do n't know the details of the matter financially , but scots get a better deal than i do . 
  be that because of north sea oil ( which is going to run out in a decade or 2 anyway ) or bribes from westminster , i know not . 
  the snp can afford to do that now . 
  without the supporting framework they operate in , it might change . 
  there 's some massive blackholes in their spending plans , and the issue of using the # in a hypothetical scotland is sticky . 
  if the scots default on their share of the national debts and join the euro , for instance , they would not be able to borrow money or really do much with such an awful credit rating . 
  if they join the pound , they avoid that mess but have no control on monetary policy . 
  i find the idea of swapping out westminster , where the scots have a decent say ( thanks in part to the ` caledonian mafia ' ) , for brussels , where scotland would have a minute say in an even less accountable government , slightly amusing . 
  thank god . 
  can we also ban haggis from the uk ? 
  i might take the haggis from scotland as well , to cause more scot child tears . 
  in all seriousness , the nhs is n't being sold off ( that 's pretty much bollocks ) and i would n't want it to be . 
  the uk is still one of the more relevant countries in the world , but that 's not why i 'd hope scotland makes the right choice . 
  on a personal level , i know that the antagonising bile that that odious man salmond and his ilk spew out is just that , a minority view , and i 'm somewhat fond of scotland . 
  the uk is stronger together and i suspect we may have to agree to disagree . 
  yeah , i 'm not fond of westminster at the moment and i personally support complete federalism for the uk , including england , but i would like to see scotland as having a place in that and i think we 're both stronger together . 
  well , it 's not likely to happen . 
  i , for one , look forward to the / r/europe apocalypse when the results come out . 
  if it does happen , can i put soundproofing on the wall as well ? 
  as much as the tears of scottish children please me , being an englishman ( well , naturally we 're all bastards ) , i do n't want to listen to it constantly . 
  doing favours for friends is pretty normal in the uk , but it 's of a much greater magnitude in certain communities . 
  it 's not racist to say that it 's of concern at all . 
  it 's frankly ridiculous to play the race card constantly, 
  this in sheffield ? 
  i read about it in the paper . 
  i was reading the guardian , the most liberal and pro-immigration rag out there ( i normally read the times , but could n't get it ) , and it painted the roma ( slovak , not romanian , it said ) as living like some sort of 3rd world slum . 
  in the unlikely event of this passing , it 's awfully nice for them to let us know when the repairs to hadrian 's wall need to be finished by, 
  is it not the case germany has a lot of workers on pay and conditions that you do n't generally find elsewhere in western europe ? 
  i 'd heard this before and i was wondering, 
  it 's not a question i 've asked myself before this thread . 
  personally , i prefer the detaining option if they are n't shooting back for somewhat obvious reasons . 
  i 've edited a bit into my first comment to make it clear . 
  honestly , i do n't know if i have a problem with known terrorists being killed in that way if it saves more lives in the long run . 
  however , shooting unarmed people , as is alleged , is not what one expects from the british army and ca n't be justified . 
  yeah , sorry , i did n't make that clear . 
  i 'm not defending it at all . 
  of course not . 
  i do not disagree with you . 
  what i am saying is that the reason the formers members are saying the ends justify the means is because of the nature of the conflict they were in . 
  although extrajudical killings are obviously not the way , the context of the time needs to be considered when we ask why the soldiers do n't seem to have a big problem with it . 
  firstly , the soldiers will likely have seen friends hurt or killed in the violence by the ira , they are perhaps going to take a more ` stop them by any means ' approach and say the ends justify the means . 
  this is a fairly common scenario in warfare , especially irregular warfare such as this . 
  even older relations with more vivid memories of the ira and their mainland attacks in particular than mine have scant sympathy for the terrorists , let alone the soldiers sent to fight against the paramilitaries . 
  i do not consider the shooting of unarmed civilians to be acceptable , but these are things that need to be understood on this matter, 
  i can understand the investigation . 
  i 'm told by an immigration judge acquaintance that the student loan and enrolling to false or only nominal college scam is pretty common . 
  if there is a massive discrepancy as the article suggests , it does need to be investigated accordingly . 
  there are things in the past that the british have done where i ca n't help but think `` yeah , that was shitty , we should n't have done that '', 
  it 's not that i consider winning the birth lottery a personal achievement , but most people can take a collective pride in the achievements of those also in that grouping . 
  so , i am british , which means i can take a certain pride in the achievements of britain as a collective , even if it 's something as simple as proper tea . 
  every country takes part in espionage , it 's getting caught that 's the diplomatic embarrassment . 
  now it appears most of europe 's been at it as well , they 're hardly in a position to take snowden in, 
  we 1984 now lads sometimes i despair . 
  i love my country and i 'm proud to be british , but our politicians make it bloody difficult sometimes, 
  i have an issue with blanket bans on any sort of material of that nature produced by and for consenting adults . 
  because who decides what is and is n't suitable ? 
  yeah , i mean censoring things more important than kinky porn . 
  cameron strikes me as a / pol / type , but with less intellect, 
  i have extended family in london with young children . 
  they 've had a bit of a nightmare getting them into school . 
  not a ` good ' school , just finding them a place somewhere within a reasonable distance, 
  well , looks like i ca n't go on 4chan anymore . 
  ^ ^ not ^ ^ even ^ ^ / int /, 
  if you could please point out to me where ukip spout out actual hatred , i would be obliged . 
  i should be allowed to vote for a protest party as well as protesting outside . 
   `` necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom . 
  it is the argument of tyrants ; it is the creed of slaves . '', 
  william pitt the younger whereas this does n't affect me personally , it 's a pretty bad step . 
  simply for one reason : who decides what is and is n't suitable ? 
  it 's not a big step from this to censorship . 
  it 's not about protecting people , i ca n't imagine one would just google such things anyway , but it 's about imposing censorship . 
  when new labour left office , i hoped that their draconian approach to freedom would be ended . 
  i was wrong . 
  relevant brass eye : [ part 1 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzdgwicvq3w ) [ part 2 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvkf-hgzbss ) [ part 3 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfmsx0mjwrm ), 
  the recent mass immigration * has * caused pressure on services , driving down wages and an increase in sectarianism ( at least , in my area for the final point ) . 
  that being said , i agree with you , cutting on migrant numbers is n't a magic wand that would solve all , or even many , of my country 's problems . 
  the reason why one would vote ukip in a euro election is simply as a protest vote against the massive democratic deficit in the uk and europe alike . 
  ukip are n't exactly hard-right . 
  there 's no far-right party in the uk with an actual support base , the bnp 's pretty much died . 
  not only in my own country and the central eu government has there been a pretty massive democratic deficit and loss of trust with the current systems . 
  most people , as you may have noticed , are n't exactly content with the current situation . 
  ukip might be a protest vote , but that 's still significant given their political gains in the last year, 
  i 'm not voting for them in westminster , where their ideas on such matters might actually be developed . 
  i would vote for the best candidate in my constituency , regardless of party . 
  i 'll be voting for them for the eu because i feel obliged to vote and i wo n't be supporting any of the big three , if anything , i would like to send a signal about my discontentment with the current situation while still casting a vote . 
  i 'm not exactly happy about the way the eu is going either . 
  if you have a better idea , i am all ears . 
  yeah , i know . 
  it 's a really strange perception of the region, 
  the nordic countries as a whole are built up to be a liberal paradise .
