  it needs to be done by outsiders . 
  i do n't know anyone who is in favour of the eu . 
  i 'm no little englander xenophobe , i speak several languages to varying degrees of fluency , but it seems very easy for cameron to get support by being seen to stand up to the ec and the eu, 
  the european commission has yet to have their accounts externally audited and released into the public domain . 
  i strongly suspect in-house auditing in such a large and powerful institution is n't that effective, 
  i suppose there 's big questions of why we let completely unaccountable and hopelessly corrupt people and institutions have a say in our lives . 
  i 'll support the eu when they release an external audit of the european commission . 
  what i 'm saying involves the assumption that the * status quo * is untenable , which i think it to be, 
  i call the language `` irish gaelic '' , and i think that 's the most common , to distinguish it from scots or manx gaelic and also because just `` irish '' could cause confusion, 
  it 's an easy move to make . 
  i mean , i do n't know anyone who actually * likes * the eu or enjoys the idea of being lorded over by unelected and unaccountable institutions . 
  the cbi are only interested in the eu because it makes it easier for them to get in cheap foreign labour rather than businesses investing in their employees for a long-term gain, 
  we might be thinking about different stasis , but the one i 'm thinking about had 300,000 informers in a country of 10 million or so , was used against political dissidents , using mass harassment campaigns and frequent arrests as a tool and it 's own prison and labour camps, 
  mass spying on each other 's citizens is n't really on . 
  however , there has to be a recognition that , although european spy agencies may co-operate closely , due to the nature of the business things will happen without the others knowing and it would fatally weaken the intelligence services if they were forced to open up completely to countries who may not have the same interests as themselves , and massively increasing the chances of leaks and moles and such if ` less rigorous ' agencies are allowed in on it . 
  there 's no real comparison to the 5 eyes here . 
  the 5 members of the 5 eyes have very closely aligned foreign policies and global interests , with strong ties outside of signals intelligence , but the same can not be said for , say , britain , france , germany , sweden and the netherlands , and as such , full integration would be pretty unworkable . 
  that being said , to say you ca n't spy on foreign citizens without that country 's intelligence service knowing is possibly workable , or that you need authorisation from high-up within your own country , and only for individuals who do pose a threat , in which case , it would be likely that co-operation would be a thing . 
  most people who do n't read the papers or the news or watch the news or anything wo n't have much direct contact with the eu . 
  this is why most people in the uk with an opinion on the eu tend to be quite firmly one way or the other , i think . 
  the eu 's an issue like no other , in how strong people 's views are . 
  me and my dad have very differing views on the eu , and we like debating , but the europe ones always get a bit heated, 
  best satirical news in the uk ? 
  newsthump , newsbiscuit or the daily mash ? 
  * 1 ... 2 ... 3 ... fight *, 
  i 'd probably stay in northern europe , i do n't cope with heat well . 
  i 'm pretty fond of finland and flanders in particular , as disparate as they seem, 
  i think somebody seems a bit ... upset, 
  i know several people with dual uk/irish citizenship and someone with uk/belgian citizenship . 
  those from northern ireland can hold uk and/or irish passports iirc . 
  even in the troubles , i was under the impression the garda worked against the pira on their side of the frontier and i did n't think the pira got any support from the republic , official or otherwise, 
  being monitored as the leader of one of the most influential countries in the world is just a risk of the job . 
  that being said , what makes the nsa think they have the right to be spying * en masse * on the citizens of another country ? 
  i can only imagine the outcry if gchq or the dgse were caught spying on thousands of us citizens, 
  went to tallinn not knowing what to expect , ended up on a pretty cool day out . 
  i have heard the muslim prisoners get better food because of the diet requirements or something and so many have converted in prison for that , hearing this as well . 
  whether or not the food is better is another matter, 
  i had some cake in estonia that had cheese curds like that . 
  it was much nicer than i expected it to be . 
  i know a lithuanian grocery shop , and i 'm quite fond of lithuania , only good experiences with lithuanians . 
  i might get some in the week if they 've got cheese and if i can decrypt the labels, 
  it allows you to see things from multiple viewpoints . 
  i have argued against my own views and found it a useful way to see how others think about things and * why * there would be a disagreement, 
  one of the most important steps to take when learning to make arguments is to argue for positions you do not agree with . 
  as penny has said herself , this is not something she has ever been able to do . 
  laurie penny is such a dreadful hack and terrible at any sort of commentary , inquiry or debate . 
  i ca n't believe she still has any credibility . 
  * the prince * , imo , is the political philosophy any and all aspiring political types need to read first . 
  it 's dated , with discussions of hereditary claims and mercenaries , but the main points ring true to this day . 
  there 's no reason for the morality of power to not be raised as an issue in an extremely competitive examination, 
  u welsh m8 ? 
  what you smoking m8 ? 
  to be fair , i * am * from nottinghamshire , the spiritual home of green mush, 
  gravy is acceptable . 
  i totally agree . 
  it 's just scaremongering by parties who do n't want to face up to the disenfranchisement they have helped to create, 
  i agree with the latter . 
  the answer to the first is mushy peas though, 
  the condiment one has on one 's chips is a matter that has been debated in the house , friendships are ruined and marriages destroyed over . 
  same for milk-first and milk-last in tea, 
  it is kind of difficult to directly compare neo-nazis to those who oppose the eu . 
  ukip , for example , has very little bearing on far-right parties with radically different economic ideas, 
  beggars * can * be very annoying in large numbers , especially if they 're persistent . 
  i know when i was visiting italy this summer how pissed off i got at african migrants trying to beg money or sell me shit i do n't need or want with quite aggressive sales tactics . 
  in that case , there needs to be education in so far as making sure people are n't conned and they know that arriving off a rowing boat or whatever in italy does not mean a better quality of life . 
  whereas i agree that it 's not the biggest issue for most , it can provide a perception of `` these poor bastards came here thinking they 'd get a job and/or free stuff , maybe it would be better for everyone if they were n't allowed to , probably better off in their own countries '' . 
  whether that is accurate or not is another matter, 
  the problem is that loopholes are found and exploited ( such as the ` lodging included ' one ) , and with the knowledge and consent of the migrant workers in many cases . 
  it can be minimised , but not removed . 
  i 'll trust the ec on financial matters when they release an independently audited budget of their own spendings . 
  it 's not unemployed eu migrants that are the issue ( although there are a great many ) , it 's the ones in low-paid jobs willing to work illegally for less than the minimum wage . 
  a british worker will generally want to earn enough to survive and usually sustain a family at it , but an eu migrant worker often has no such obligations and is willing to work for less than the legal minimum wage , enough for subsidence , and sending money home where it goes a lot further . 
  this and the lack of control of this has contributed to a rise in unemployment , especially amongst the young , lowering of wages and thus a decline in the rate of increase of living standards at best , and an outright decline at worst , but this is impossible to quantify as unemployment and average wages are . 
  it 's not the eu 's fault that these happen and there 's both a lack of awareness of the people going there of how awful the life of an illegal immigrant is , and also the lack of accomodation at home . 
  not to say that the countries of europe ca n't do anything to help , but they have no requirement to see something they have no control over as their fault . 
  if people will take those risks , then you can deter them , but you ca n't completely stop it . 
  i loved finland . 
  a week of being surrounded by my fellow introverted misanthropes, 
  to be fair , the russians did fuck lithuania over quite a bit, 
  full of americans , is n't it ? 
  my 6th form spends about # 5,000 per head and does n't make a profit , iirc . 
  uni students doubtless have more spent on them, 
  of course . 
  but that fails to take costs into account , and i 'd be surprised if there was any real profit margin, 
  it always struck me as slightly spiteful , if i 'm honest . 
  to offer lower fees to everyone in the eu except the english , n.irish and welsh . 
  i am aware of the eu law about providing the lowest possible fee band to eu students , but surely there 's something a bit ... off ... about the whole arrangement ? 
  talk about subsidising 50 million as if you 've not opened up to 500 million already out of interest , who is scottish ? 
  are scots in england or english in scotland allowed access to the lower fees ? 
  i read a couple of years back that st andrew 's ( i think , not sure ) give priority to scot applications . 
  i mean the whole cost of tuition with materials and upkeep and lecturers , etc , is going to be more than 9 grand a year . 
  i 'm pretty sure 9 grand a year is n't the whole cost of studying a degree , and where do you think the grants come from ? 
  ok , also , let 's let oxbridge give priority to english applicants while we 're at it . 
  it 's not like the scottish universities do that , right guys ? 
  why should the english taxpayer pay a penny for scots in english universities then ? 
  it 's fair enough to place restrictions in a country like the uk with youth unemployment issues . 
  wait until unemployment has gone down before we import large numbers of young workers . 
  but , it should n't be because of some hatred of romanians or bulgars, 
  i only put milk in with ` normal ' or breakfast tea anyway , to take the bitter edge off, 
  i know .
