  russian leader and policy-makers have grown up in an environment of and are aware of a history of conflict with the west . 
  three times russia has been invaded from the west in the last century , and there was 50 years of confrontation . 
  now , the eu says `` we 're a new power bloc but totally above the old power-plays and geopolitics '' and russia does n't believe them . 
  why should it ? 
  the eu has integrated further and could very well become a bellicose neighbour on their very doorstep . 
  the russians get scared of this , as russians do , and act in the only way they know . 
  most european navies of any importance have a couple , and as i 've said , russia has a complete lack of capability in this field anyway . 
  they lack the logistical support to make amphibious landings on any meaningful scale . 
  russia appears to be backing down over the ukraine and economic weakness at home will likely lead to peace . 
  treason against whom ? 
  the french can not cancel ships that have been paid for , they would never get anymore overseas orders if they did . 
  power projection refers to being able to support independent military actions outside of one 's immediate area . 
  flying the odd jet into euroland 's space does n't count as that because one jet does not reflect any deal of power projection if they are flying from russian bases . 
  i do n't doubt their aggression . 
  i doubt the analysis of russia as a major military power capable of acting outside it 's own borders or immediate neighbourhood . 
  i think the clusterfuck of eu politics does it well enough , if you ask me, 
  russia has no power projection . 
  two amphibious ships does n't even put them at the level of a fleet like italy 's . 
  what people forget is that the sleeping bear is more of a sleeping paper bear . 
  their economy is down the shitter and has been for a long time , and the much-feared russian military struggle to act outside their borders and the areas immediately bordering them . 
  there have been a lot of fairly well grounded allegations the french used industrial espionage in the late 1980s against american computing companies and these things still crop up . 
  it 's not conductive to good relations and there is a barrier to be struck . 
  spying is n't a crime in foreign relations , getting caught is . 
  do the outrage for a bit and quietly make agreements for the wronging party to curtail their activities so that there would n't be another scandal . 
  using it as an excuse to deteriorate relations with the most powerful country ( and better the americans than anyone else ) might not have the desired effect, 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  a lot of european spy agencies have been perfectly in bed with the ' 5 eyes ' of the anglosphere , which has limited agreements with a lot of european agencies ( 9 eyes gives preferential treatment to france , the netherlands , norway and denmark and there is 14 eyes with more limited access to germany , belgium , italy , spain and sweden ) . 
  the reasons why germany has been spied upon are quite simple . 
  germany is of far greater interest to any intelligence service than , say , france . 
  germany has had closer trade ties to iran ( lower down on the agenda these days but still big ) than might be considered a good thing and agreements with gazprom ref nordstream did a good job of screwing over swedish energy security . 
  there is plenty of great interest to foreign intelligence services from within nato that does not exist for most other countries in europe . 
  accusations of germany being a ` fair-weather ' ally are perhaps too far , but german foreign policy can not pursue these goals and then wonder why they are less trusted by many nato countries than france or italy . 
  yes , but they were more generous than in ww2 and the years after . 
  a little-known thing is that the rations were harshest after ww2 rather than during either war, 
  that was more ww2 . 
  ww1 u-boats were less capable and more vulnerable to convoy escorts, 
  he 's british-born though . 
  lay a finger on big tone and we 'll have to restore direct rule to the convict colony, 
  it 's a pretty common analogy used when discussing uk/us relations . 
  if the usa is rome , then the uk is athens to that rome . 
  i think churchill coined it . 
  not going to lie , i am a classical liberal , but we would retain the health service and such, 
  withdraw from the european union increased investment in adult education paid from caps on welfare spending national service re-introduced , but most people will go into the heath service , education or emergency service . 
  there is no need for military conscription , but the idea is beneficial to society as a whole . 
  an end to the internal market in the nhs to allow massive efficiency savings in administration while preserving our first rate services . 
  secondary school to finish at the end of year 9 , with students going onto grammar schools , technical schools or work-based training . 
  a test along with teacher assessment may be used to guide the choices students make . 
  hm forces have been allowed to grow too small in recent years , the world is if anything more unstable than in the dangerous , if certain , world of the cold war . 
  we will restore defence spending to the level of that of the 1998 defence white paper . 
  the increase in troop numbers will allow limited reversal of regimental mergers , but all regiments barring the 5 guards regiments must be multi-battalion . 
  the royal navy will have a new fleet of corvettes and patrol submarines to supplement the main fighting force of landing ships and destroyers , which will be distinctly roled as an expeditionary warfare force compared to a low-level/patrol capability on patrol submarines and corvettes . 
  stricter sentencing for violent crimes . 
  life should mean life , or at least 25 years . 
  immigration to be subject to quotas with preference given to those with skills we are short of . 
  integration into british culture and society to be a condition of permanent immigration . 
  devo-max granted to scotland and wales and an english parliament formed . 
  legalise cannabis along with handguns for those with licenses , but retain the stringent requirements . 
  reform of the house of lords with more oversight to appointments , the house of lords to become a technocratic advisory group of sorts . 
  nuclear power is the way forward . 
  high-tech industries in which the uk retains world-leading status , especially computing and aerospace/defence , to be encouraged . 
  britain 's strength came from commerce , and so we must encourage our world-beating financial sector to grow , for surely the eu antipathy to this comes from envy . 
  foreign policy to be re-aligned to the anglosphere , with defence interventions in war rare , but more common will be training-style deployments to assist local forces in our commonweath allies to be able to defend themselves . 
  this is already done with great success in kenya , malawi and other commonwealth members . 
  full integration of the overseas territories into the united kingdom with mps in westminister but retaining their autonomous privileges , subject to referenda . 
  this will deter spanish and argentine warmongering . 
  [ happy independence eve ladm8s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1yvjbwc4xq ), 
  it 's less than half in the south and only slightly over in the north . 
  so , at best , half of people trust the eu . 
  that 's ` some ' or ` half ' but not most, 
  if it is just `` europeans '' , that implies most or all . 
  clearly that 's not the case . 
  relations between stalin and tito were * very * strained during this period , even before the formal split of 1948 between moscow and belgrade, 
  we do n't have to partition up the largest country just to placate the snp in this move to a more federal uk, 
  i dunno , most of the polling suggests the nationalists are starting to lose it proper , and i think the uk should move to a federal-state model anyway . 
  but then you will have all the scots insisting that england must be subject to arbitrary partitioning for that . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  the regimental system used in the army also attached certain regions to particular units and makes the army part of civic pride as well as national . 
  when my county 's battalion , 2nd mercians , took part in a major battle in afghanistan about 4 years ago , that was quite a big deal in local news . 
  i 'm going to an armed forces day event tomorrow with some friends , that 's something that can be seen as perverse in a lot of places , yeah . 
  there is often more to a person 's sense of collective identity than football though . 
  people * want * to be able to take pride in their roots , where they are from and the past achievements of people from the same grouping . 
  that 's how humanity has evolved . 
  it might be irrational , but it 's human nature and our solutions for a more peaceful world need to take it into account, 
   implying reform is n't trying to put a plaster over the titanic basically , yes . 
  all of them . 
  no law from the eu can ever take primacy over a british one . 
  if there is a conflict , the british one must be assumed . 
  schulz and verhofstadt are just washed-up nobodies . 
  juncker is vaguely competent and therefore a threat to our future independence should we not take this cue to leave, 
  how difficult is `` this man is tainted with the past , is a liar and has a contempt for the european people and therefore is unsuitable '' to understand, 
  no more primacy of eu laws over uk is the most important . 
  borders are another thing , but less so, 
   you just wrote a whole paragraph where you said nothing . 
  i 'm truly destined for a career in brussels . 
  he 's symbolic of the disasters of the single currency as a man who has previously made it public that he would disregard referenda on lisbon and lie about the euro . 
  i am aware of them , but it is like throwing scraps of bone to your dog . 
  if the dream of peace in europe is to survive and europe is to remain peaceful and prosperous , a fundamental rethink is needed . 
  juncker is of the ` old ' generation who got us into this mess in the first place . 
  this is n't just britain , i 'm no little englander , this is for all of europe, 
  what sort of deal ?
