  as perhaps the current clusterfuck is only proving , the eu is n't really to be trusted for providing an effective foreign policy . 
  i think the agreements on iran were done mostly with the ` big 3 ' member states and other parties like russia and the usa , no ? 
  as a pleb who only drinks whisky if it 's single malt , i agree with you . 
  the phrase is taken to mean an out-of-touch individual with far-left views which are perfectly safe from the vantage point of the ivory tower, 
  i post with a british flag with usually anti-eu comments . 
  i 'm pretty disappointed if i do n't get the storm, 
  an unelected washout making a complete and utter balls-up of everything she 's every done ? 
  not much, 
  i 'm such a complete tory i want the jockos to fuck off in september . 
  that english chauvinism . 
  farage has turned the pint and fag into a weapon . 
  after decades of nanny-state and discouragement of smoking and boozing , he 's adopted it as his gimmick . 
  although my politics lean to the conservative , i 'm not actually an imperialist and i 'm a francophile . 
  many are shocked by these revelations . 
  [ farage once did a spoof weather forecast ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksqacnj2bya ) you ca n't imagine any of the other major politicians even appearing , let along playing along, 
  i 'm told you 're almost unanimously res tagged by the pb regulars as `` scruffy mk 2 '' or something of that ilk , as i tend to get `` son of farage '' tagged to me a lot . 
  i had an inbox full of abuse when i made a comic about atrocities in vietnam i did . 
  it was pretty good . 
  i love hignfy, 
  i 'm shitting up / r/europe as well as pb , spreading the word of farage , proper beer and imperialism . 
  if a man like schulz stands up and tries to talk to people , and ends up speaking in brusselsese or ` euphemisms ' as the private eye column puts it , that is not the fault of the media and if he wants to win elections , he has to be able to speak to ordinary people on their level , not from the ivory towers . 
  different crowds i guess . 
  sampling bias and all that . 
  most people i know tend to want less government control , not more, 
  i 'm not even a ukip supporter for proper elections like westminster m8 . 
  my point is quite simple . 
  schulz , who the bloody hell is he ? 
  what does he believe in ? 
  does he have principles ? 
  what are his interests ? 
  from my reading , he appears a uniquely boring character unable to say anything in the language of ordinary people and not brussels apparatchiks . 
  this is a problem some of our domestic politicians suffer from . 
  they get all the right jargon and buzzwords in , but fail to get the message across . 
  oh , of course farage is a populist . 
  ukip has one raison d'etre and will likely disband or collapse after withdrawal . 
  he exists for one policy aim and is able to pitch this in the language of returning sovereignty to this country , which does resonate with most people . 
  i was being a bit tongue-in-cheek , but i think a socialist german would make a good pantomime villain . 
  for the socialist bit , look at how well the red ed stuff stuck . 
  ed miliband never refuted the claims properly and now he 's written off as an out-of-touch bollinger bolshie by virtually everyone i know . 
  yes , we expect our politicians to be professional . 
  but a big part of the democratic system hinges upon leaders being able to express themselves to the electorate on their terms . 
  people like schulz speak the language of the bureaucrat , not the man on the street . 
  also , dae anglophones are lunatics with demagogue leaders ? 
  with baroness ashton still in the game , i think he 's going to have to accept second place for `` brussels wanker of the year '' . 
  if a german socialist became the president , christmas would come early for the anti-eu camp in this country , let alone an insufferable one . 
  i 'm against career politicans as much as anyone . 
  but at least british career politicans are human . 
  they have interests , strengths and weaknesses . 
  the leaders of the european parliament almost seem like a conspiracy to bore the european electorate to death . 
  they have no charisma or force of personality , how can they hope to play the political game well ? 
  say what you like about nigel farage , for example , but he is charismatic and able to articulate his views in a way that the ` layman ' can understand . 
  that latter skill is so important to the democratic system i can not fathom how these people climbed to the top of the ladder . 
  hopefully schulz can explain what 's so special about him . 
  it 's perverse to imagine a voter in paris , prague or preston saying `` i was going to vote for that verhofstadt fellow 's mob , but schulz really tore one on him '' . 
  it 's no longer the bureaucracy in brussels , it 's the boreocracy as the most tepid and uninspiring personalities known to man suddenly assume relevance , ensuring further voter disconnect . 
  even for a political anorak like myself , they seem like drones or something . 
  [ [ sharpe footage intensifies ] ] i would like to point out that i 'm not being serious and have not been at any point . 
  we have no embarrassing defeats land of hope and glory , god save the bloody queen . 
  our away colours are camo !!!!! 1 !, 
  w. . what about the peninsular war . 
  m. . muh ... hugely outnumbered but still gave the damn frogs a pasting over and over again, 
  mate , the quality of discussion on polandball is miles above this . 
  after the name-calling and genocide jokes have bee worked through , the discussion can often be very informative , and also constructive . 
  also , you can have a good laugh without your inbox filling up with people failing to ` get ' it, 
  i know . 
  waterloo and the peninsular war was so much cooler . 
  it 's personal taste , i personally prefer the thin red line standing up to bonaparte 's hordes, 
  i am * never * trying to do a funny thread here again . 
  i know m8 . 
  try and have a semi-humorous conversation here and , as happened to me , your inbox fills up with polite and pointed explanations as to why you are incorrect and everything is downvoted . 
  legendary continental humour . 
  implying not waterloo-tier devastation by the glorious redcoats, 
  [ even rowan atkinson knows it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5f8minrutpw ) i 'm a complete francophile , but i would join the army for the day our tanks roll off the dover/calais ferry . 
  but the left side is the * correct * side, 
  have you ever heard of such alien concepts as ` having a giggle ' ? 
  i think the title must have betrayed the fact that i did not intend this post to be received with 100 % seriousness as one might to a well-informed article in the times or what your mate len told you up the boozer . 
  i 've been a british tourist in france . 
  no regrets . 
  this is how we act . 
  the anglo-french relationship is uncannily like a love/hate couple i think . 
  i swear 2 fookin christ u bloody frog [ hooligans and vinnie jones aliv in paris ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=duexzdfhwtm ) [ non-homoerotic depiction of anglo-french relations ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xrluvxp.jpg ), 
  well , that was emphatic considering i do n't support them for westminster or county elections, 
  making the assumption that the lib dems are n't a joke party, 
   if you oppose the eu , yuo are of putin-lover i wonder who is behind this one . 
  [ surely not ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/9845442/eu-to-set-up-euro-election-troll-patrol-to-tackle-eurosceptic-surge.html ), 
  i had a pint at 1pm today no problem , and the pub was pretty busy, 
  mistake on my part , but that does n't change who actually runs the show . 
  there should never have been a bankruptcy like that , less so one that exposed much of europe . 
  that 's the sort of shit that happens when you try and put the same currency on radically different economies . 
  no , i would n't want this country to pay a penny more to subsidise the folly of others . 
  the euro and the subsequent crisis in southern europe . 
  the euro and the ecb was done by germans for germans ( hint : it 's not in frankfurt because of the central location ) and southern europe was bankrupted , rather than risk inflationary pressures in germany and to a lesser extent , france . 
  because the german economy is sacrosanct . 
  if the ecb is going to send a whole region of europe to the wall as part of a project designed with german benefits in mind , do you really think they would do anything so vulgar as sanctions ? 
  exactly . 
  france is by some way our closest partner in europe when it comes to geopolitics , but we almost certainly are spying on eachother . 
  it does n't imply enmity . 
  i 'm of the opinion the push for united military and intelligence in europe is a ploy by those unwilling to pay for serious regional and global capabilities to leech off anglo/french willingness and ability to do so . 
  it 's geopolitical .
