  a unified military implies joint command and complete integration . 
  nato already provides all the framework for military co-operation and working together in operations while maintaining independent forces for member states . 
  and your final point raises the problem . 
  those with interests outside europe should be able to act freely in those regions without having to beg for support from the rest of the eu . 
  there are so many problems with a unified military i do n't understand how advocates can ignore them . 
  armies with radically different structures ( how will the british regimental system work within it ? ), 
  weapons systems ( at the minimum , the british , italians , french and germans all have indigenous main battle tanks and poland is working on one if they do n't already have one ) will have problems . 
  also language . 
  the austro-hungarian empire had a difficult enough army , but 28 countries , many of which all have their own langauges ? 
  it 's an integration too far . 
  as a more ` positive ' message to round off a negative post , many european countries enjoy notably close defence ties without complete integration . 
  such as the uk and the netherlands being able to integrate their marine corps and the joint franco-german brigade . 
  yes , that would be it . 
  i 'm more certain about the stat that 70 % of defence research and development spending is done by the uk and france though, 
  does n't consolidation of forces bring up the problem of countries wanting access to the capabilities of the more militarised eu states ( britain and france spring to mind ) without paying for it ? 
  the americans spend too much in comparison to the wider economy maybe , but i think europe has been getting complacent . 
  1.5 % of gdp is n't a big target , it 's about 5 % of your average state 's government expenditure . 
  the uk spends 2.3 % of gdp , is able to sit at the ` top table ' of military powers as a unsc member , and * still * spends more on servicing the national debt than on the armed forces . 
  is n't it that more than half of european defence spending is done by britain and france ? 
  possibly so , but how would russia invade romania ? 
  that would require a hypothetical going through of the ukraine and then a war with nato with a vulnerable rear . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  the parliament is doing it because , understandably , people in the region are unsettled . 
  for it to be thought that something was done both reassures domestic audiences and puts a message across to russia . 
  for all the grandstanding , romania and the ukraine are in very different positions geopolitically . 
  it might be cool to dress up putin as a mad bond villain and russia as hellbent on a new cold war , but whereas the ukraine is an area with existing ties to russia and where , until recently , a pro-moscow ruling party was able to exist with a strong eastern support base in elections . 
  romania is an eu and nato member . 
  romania has no real ties to russia . 
  putin is not an idiot or a madman , he will not do anything to romania , poland , the baltic states or anywhere like that . 
  soldiers get put on alert all the damned time . 
  our forces in the south atlantic get a bit jumpy when the argies start grandstanding , even if it 's for their domestic consumption . 
  it 's better to have them on alert as a possible escalating move than to be caught with your trousers down , because if 999/1000 alerts given come to nothing , that still leaves a risk . 
  anyone who thinks there is a moscow/beijing axis has been watching * far * too many hollywood films . 
  the russo-chinese alliance of 1949 to about 1960 ( nobody can say when it ended , it was a gradual procession of mutual alienation , but it was dead and buried by 1965 ) was a blip in otherwise traditionally hostile relations , and relations between the two today are decidedly cool , especially in terms of energy disputes as well as the typical border disputes in the russian far east . 
  so am i , but ca n't get too chummy with the old enemy, 
  there 's no reason to split the uk because the scots shout louder about historical ties to norway than those of us in eastern england do about ours to denmark . 
  i would say the uk and ireland are northern european by geography , but do n't share the joint nordic identity that the 5 nordic states do . 
  likewise , they 've put the baltic states in northern europe , so scandinavian-ness is n't a prerequisite . 
  do you want to be in the same region as france though ? 
  the danes give us our bacon . 
  glorious . 
  a new limo for van rompuy , to be collected by big len from down the fox and hounds with barry and vince , armed with cricket bats and bike chains . 
  never let the truth get in the way of a good headline . 
  if i was more jaded , i would suggest it was planned out for that very purpose . 
  thank god the uk is n't participating though , if the continent wants to fuck itself over for a few cheap `` muh bankers '' votes , then that 's their lookout . 
  why does the eu need tax-raising powers ? 
  although he denies it , his ira involvement is largely beyond doubt with ira members and outside experts naming him as a senior figure . 
  a research project made recordings of testimonies from ex paramilitaries , which were n't meant to be released until after their deaths . 
  one man who implicated him died a couple of years ago , and so his testimony was realised , and several accounts relating to this case were released to the northern irish authorities after a court case in the usa . 
  if what the bbc says the accounts contain is true , and the accounts are true themselves , adams is neck-deep in the shit . 
  it 's taken this long because the tapes are quite new evidence , and another man is currently on bail for the murder . 
  also because in the aftermath of the good friday agreement , arresting one of the leaders , as monstrous as he may be , would have been too destabilising . 
  he might have jumped over the border to louth , but do n't try to tell me the leader of ni 's 2nd largest party is n't an influential person in ni or that there are n't others like him . 
  as you say , mcguinness might be more so important in ni , but he 's no better . 
  get off your high horse ( ref the other reply ) . 
  fair enough . 
  corrected that above comment , my mistake, 
  adams has kept up the pretence of not being connected to terrorism in the troubles , despite being a senior ira member . 
  nobody believes him, 
  fuck him , yeah . 
  everyone and their mums know he was ira . 
  northern ireland ca n't be respectable while people like him are in positions of power there . 
  the ` headline figure ' comes from page 10/11 ( 11 has a demographic breakdown ) . 
  probably not a surprise given they 've done well at getting voters out for european elections . 
  the other side of the coin is that ukip seem to have a ` weaker ' vote with less voters saying they will vote for them again in the general election than the other parties, 
  i * once * did top/toe with a mate after a christmas party last year on a sofa , there was literally no space anywhere . 
  it was n't that awkward , but not a first choice option . 
  had there been another blanket somewhere , i would have taken the floor . 
  fair enough . 
  i want scotland to have devo-max , because i believe england needs autonomy that has not been granted to us and increased devolution to holyrood can only help that cause . 
  and i do * not * mean assemblies for the eu regions each to water it down , i mean for the whole of england . 
  federalism with westminster acting as a co-ordinating assembly and controlling external matters is the future for the uk . 
  i agree . 
  it 's too extreme in finding negative examples , and should focus more on what scotland gets from the union as being part of a country able to punch above it 's weight in international affairs and trade and one of the leading members of the eu ( i 'm against the eu , but from the perspective of a pro-eu campaign , this is a good point for the opposition to make ) , not to mention that many of the things that effect day-to-day lives are already in holyrood 's hands . 
  there is nobody who is n't going to grant scotland more devolved powers in the event of a * no * vote , the pm and miliband have both , iirc , said they would . 
  i was under the impression they had promised higher spending and lower taxes for small businesses , hoping the oil that 's totally not going to run out will tide them by . 
  it affects me little if scotland stays or leaves , as someone who wants more autonomy for england , it could benefit us . 
  and i can watch the cricket results on the news without having to sit through shit-tier leagues like the scottish 3rd division or whoever . 
  that being said , i do n't really see sense in the snp 's plans . 
  but , can it be argued , that , by very virtue of being the * no * campaign and thus negativity is inherent , all they need to do is call salmond out on his bs ? 
  they 're a bit extreme at times ( although few would object to the re-erection of hadrian 's wall , it 's not likely ) , but surely lower taxes and higher spending does n't work out . 
  all a ` no ' campaign has to say is `` here is why change is n't for the better '' , or , in this case `` why the proposed change is all dreaming and wishful thinking '' . 
  i agree , the current campaign could get too far on that , but it 's difficult to do anything else as the side opposing a sudden change . 
  if * yes * want to win , assuming no dramatic and probably random events , they need to have built up a solid lead by now . 
  in so many independence referenda , such as in quebec , it 's been the anti-change/pro-union side that 's benefited from voter mobilisation because those who are undecided with just 3/4 months to go are more likely to be against change than for . 
  nothing so far suggests that wo n't be the case /, 
  ukip are often under-represented and the latest polls put them 3 percentage points ahead, 
  farage said that and got pilloried , but this is n't even on the bbc website, 
  given the reactions from his campaign to businesses who come out against independence , i think that jackson carlaw fellow might be on the right lines . 
  salmond does n't seem to like criticism . 
  none of the other outlets have said anything about this . 
  it 's not even on the bbc, 
  lib dems will probably cling on in the big constituencies like london and the south east because of the high number of meps and the pr system rather than fptp . 
  in a small constituency like mine , which has 5 meps , they 've got no chance . 
  for the east midlands , i 'm calling 2 ukip , 2 labour and 1 conservative . 
  maybe 2 conservative and 1 labour , but the east midlands is a more established area for ukip . 
  i think labour triumph is unlikely . 
  they are the opposition party to a government that has been carrying out a lot of unpopular policies * with a year to the general election * . 
  labour wo n't triumph until they 've made a convincing victory , but they probably wo n't . 
  if labour get a plurality , something i think is unlikely , it will only be a few seats , not a good sign going into the election year .
