  in both wars , britain and other countries fought a war not of their choosing for freedom and/or international law in often desperate situations and a little pride in that is ok . 
  the guardian is doing the daily reminder that brits are bad people again . 
  likewise , we must let / r/europe have a daily go at britain and her latest atrocity or crime against brussels . 
  i do n't think that romanticising war and supporting those who fight on our behalf of their own choice is the same thing . 
  much of the public support for soldiers came from the perception of casualties being let down . 
  i 'm not sure fundraising for a man not yet 25 to have rehabilitation to life with one leg is romanticism . 
  i think this is quite likely to be honest , but i am a pessimist by nature . 
  some country will try to leave , and likely trigger a confrontation with an increasingly militarised eu . 
  there 's no precedent either way , so who knows, 
  california and new york were never independent nations though . 
  they came from broadly the same starting point and had little chance to develop distinctions beyond sports teams and pizza toppings . 
  how can i be asked to give up the idea that we 've done well at this self-ruling business in favour of some idealistic and unworkable union ? 
  it 's human nature to be proud of one 's roots and i can not see the objection to seeing myself as a briton before european . 
  to be fair to you , i am currently in greece and i got slight culture shock on arrival ( it 's too hot !, 
  why ca n't they queue !, 
  where is the bitter beer !, 
  learn to fucking drive ! ), 
  so presumably being that insular does n't help the cause xd, 
  european countries often have differing needs and objectives . 
  the contrast of british and , say , germany interests , is looming large . 
  our countries can co-operate well and be strong as independent states . 
  we do not need to join our countries to facilities this . 
  i am deeply , deeply suspicious of the `` military/political power '' argument . 
  the impression i get is that many europeans , on here at least , would throw their power around and fight wars , to the last briton . 
  many seem willing to allow the british and french to remain with pretences of great power status but without either pulling their weight into a hypothetical military/political union or resisting the temptation to use anglo-french capabilities as their own . 
  can it introduce bills or repeal existing acts ? 
  what can * every other * parliament in a democratic state in the world do ? 
  it can propose legislation , it can reject completely with that bill having failed and no amendments made , and it can repeal past acts . 
  the european parliament is an advisory committee . 
  but it was n't on / r/europe and i do n't read german media . 
  i mean that , there is daily outrage on this subreddit about the latest human rights abuse from the government of dear leader lizzie windsor , but there 's been little discussion of how this is maintaining the * status quo * that a previous eu law had forced . 
  it proves the point that our government is perfectly capable of doing all the things we have allegedly forgotten to do since 1973 , even if it 's a bit dubious . 
  in any case , the european arrest warrant and the eu-us trade deal ( i forget the name ) are far greater threats to our civil liberties . 
  the european parliament can not introduce or repeal legislation though . 
  it 's a committee , not a parliament . 
  i think that was before this subreddit 's time . 
  there 's a lot of outrage about national governments on here , but the silence when it comes to eu governance is deafening . 
  exactly . 
  if we had a precedent that you could n't give information about something to the security services without being sure you will never be publicly identified unless you identify yourself ( as is the current situation ) , then how do we expect them to get that information ? 
  mi5 are ultimately a human intelligence organisation , even if they get and act upon signals intelligence from gchq . 
  we ca n't undermine their work by making it open to any old bugger . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't remember outrage on the front pages of / r/europe when it was an eu thing at all . 
  i think we should go through the berlin phone book and round up everyone who does n't have a surname starting with ` von ' . 
  that should get them . 
  although london languishes under the regime of dear leader boris , i think he was meaning that the chap he replied to was desperately trying to portray the uk as a shithole devoid of anything positive . 
  which london is to be honest . 
  i do n't know , but they 're our real foes . 
  i 'm sure putin can sort something out on the day for the others . 
  maybe the kgb or whatever they 're called this week could put some vodka in their sports drinks ? 
  i hope it 's argentina v germany in the final . 
  then we can nuke the stadium and take out both for the price of one , ensuring an english victory in 2018 if we bribe putin enough . 
  difficult to deal with because it 's not strictly military . 
  one hopes that their nato partners might help out, 
  it 's ok because we 're doing better than france . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  i ca n't see the krauts being able to defend the democratic rights of the penguins of the falklands either . 
  if you had grown up with the idea that from the west , the only things that came were aggression , and your family had fought against invasion from the west , you would come to believe them to be a threat, 
  they would have absolutely no choice to do so . 
  to not do so would destroy the foundations of western security, 
  my mistake , misread it . 
  possibly they could , but if you work on the assumption that west = aggression , it is then difficult to want to co-operate . 
  that 's the mindset we are dealing with, 
  if someone corrects your spelling over a typo and adds nothing else , that 's nothing if not condescending, 
  if the germans then want to reciprocate , that 's fair enough , but they must be ready for a further escalation . 
  at least britain will stay out of it . 
  i 'm going to the pub in half an hour , incidentally . 
  there is nothing to suggest that they are . 
  if so , fair enough . 
  but they have an agreement for no espionage to take place in the uk without the british authorities knowing and agreeing , and that is reciprocated . 
  germany did not have a treaty ( what the article calls a treaty was more a limited understanding that they were not enemies in this field ) as deep as those between the 5 anglosphere powers and so it is unlikely that what goes for germany goes for the uk . 
  the first world war , russian civil war and second world war . 
  followed swiftly by nearly 50 years of confrontation with the west . 
  russian thinking is determined by this context . 
   other than the world wars is like saying `` britain never had to fight a war of survival against foreign aggressors in the 20th century because the world wars do n't count '' the expansion of the eu can sometimes be seen as relentless . 
  russia 's fear is that the eu , with increasing integration and heading to a joint military ( enabling the freeloaders to act big boy with stuff that is n't theirs ) will lead to an unfavourable situation for russia, 
  whereas political spying is part of the game unless you 're privy to a no-spy deal ( of which the only relevant one is the 5 eyes of the anglosphere ) , industrial espionage against individual firms is not and would lead to a loss of trade with the targeted country, 
  you ca n't spy on the population using human intelligence , to be fair it can only be on political decision making or other specialist areas or it is of less use . 
  signals intelligence is another issue . 
  on one hand it is seriously important these days , it shortened ww2 by a lot , can you imagine what it might do today ? 
  but retention of data is a political sticky issue, 
  when they approach british airspace ( which they have n't actually entered for a long time ) , they are escorted away and it might make a brief press release . 
  that 's it . 
  it does n't matter . 
  of course it 's not the only factor . 
  but these are things which must be taken into account . 
  it is understandable that germany has a different outlook , but that means there must be an acceptance that countries * do * spy on eachother and that is how the game works . 
  public opinion tends to count for little in foreign policy . 
  after all , the alleged agent recruited by the cia was allegedly spying on german policymaking , not the population . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that russian leaders have acted and currently act on their fears and insecurities coming from the west . 
  the emergence of the eu is a destabilising factor in east/west relations and nobody denies this , but the eu act as if they are above the usual geopolitical rules and ideas, 
  i find stupid people who pretend to be clever by clinging onto typos annoying, 
  you seem to be making the erroneous assumption that i give a shit . 
  that would n't deter nato by a long shot . 
  nato is vastly stronger than russia and both sides know it . 
  if nato refused to intervene to defend a baltic state , hypothetically , then western security is destroyed overnight . 
  russia knows that as well as nato does . 
  russia 's stance towards the eu is fundamentally misunderstood . 
  sure , it comes across as aggressive , because russian foreign policy tends to be more willing to use force .
