  ice has bigger volume than water , which means that when ice is melting , the water level is not going rising . 
  also greenland used to be green - that 's why the vikings called it like that , but the climate got colder , and guess what happened - the sea level has risen and some ancient harbours are nowadays under water . 
  but also the ones who are suffering , because the eu thinks that coal is evil , and that is the best thing we can use . 
  we are not geographicly good to make nuclear power , but great to use coal as a main power source . 
  we do n't ... that 's a point of this . 
  we just know that the ice has bigger volume than water , and we ca n't spend money on some eu bullshits . 
   they already are one of the major polluters in the eu , and are doing virtually nothing to fix this . 
  i 've found an eco-fascist . 
  for best we are spending more on the stupid eu restrictions than we are receiving from the eu , and in the name of `` global warming '' , which can be busted by the basic physics rules . 
  as a pole , i 'm ashamed of poles like you . 
  ethnic european refugees welcome , 
  the punchline `` ukrainian is polan 's slave '' is n't that original . 
  my parents had , also many of my friends . 
  i do n't know i it 's only warsaw , or sth . 
  pis is not really conservative . 
  they are catholic-socialists and immigration-sceptical . 
  [ at least they have nice nasheeds ] ( https://youtu.be/cp6-1cnwzni ), 
  the both should n't ever come to denmark ... 
  that we are pesimistic ( mostly cz and sk stereotype ) and forced to work similiar hard as the people in mexico . 
  we also feel very butthurt when someone thinks that we are responsible for the holocaust , and when people mistakes us with russians . 
  but `` can not into space '' is invalid !, 
  edit : spelling, 
  * for destroying our coal market * for silly rules about bananas and cucumbers * for destroying our independence * for being german and french dominated and most of it is true , maybe even everything ... 
  also none migrant would like to reach the mountain to go to poland/slovakia . 
  good that not american flag for english ... 
  it does , it 's a geographical term for lands taken from romania by soviet union in 1940 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bessarabia in romanian `` basarabia '' . 
  usa ofc . 
   lithuanian imperialist delusions nowdays are laughable and boring at the same time , while having half of the state in former polish lands which were donated , lol  ftfy, 
  braslav , byelarus you are boring . 
  memel , germany, 
   i do n't know why the fuck eastern europe ca n't get why we do n't give a fuck about the treaties we have signed . 
  also we are first to complain about eastern european immigrants , even when it 's 100 % our fault . 
  we will never help our allies , we are just to lazy , and cowardish . 
  ftfy, 
  yup , btw . 
  they should do it , but they were cowards . 
  [ yalta conference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yalta_conference ) - allies stole our lands [ teheran conference ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tehran_conference ) - allies sold us to stalin, 
  many people do n't like the leftist parties , because they are connected to communism , and it was never liked in poland , even in the times when the allies forced us to be communist after ww2 . 
  wilno , poland, 
  me too , i do n't like their stereotypical thinking of muslim immigrants , but eu is getting worse and worse every day . 
  it 's more likely pro-neutrality . 
  `` zmiana '' is pro-putin party , however it does n't even have 1 % of support . 
  people living in ex-prussia are the people who were forced to move from their homes in eastern borderlands , so people who are really scared of totalitarism ( even though pis is not anti-democratical ) , because it 's not only killed people , but also forced them to lose their homeland . 
  austria is not relevant ... 
  still we should shut up for the sake of tradition , 
  finally a presentation not-showing korwin as a fascists who wants to make women a slave of men , etc. 
  thanks . 
  is n't former georgian president an actual mayor ? 
  and america did so - they were taking the useful ones . 
  however i am going to shut up because since 00:00 we have election silence : /, 
  for the best in those elections the top 2 parties are not that interesting , because it 's obvious that pis will win . 
  the most interesting part of those elections are the lower-supported parties , because nobody can say who will reach 5 % ( or 8 % for coalitions ) elecrional threshold , and simply go into the parliament . 
  `` surprising amount of people told me that they planned to vote for kukiz , but when they learned about us ( razem ) we got their vote . '', 
  they have to have a weak memory then , 
   they want to create state-owned factories , nationalize railroads , mining industry , energetics , etc. 
  gierek 's programm in nutshell ... 
  i did n't remember how rich we were back then . 
  i am worried about 18 + razem supporters ... 
  communism was an epic fail in poland , i am really worried about it 's comeback . 
  i prefer korwin because kukiz seems like a guy without a program ( establishing single-mandat districts = / = programm ) . 
  korwin wants to make poland like the us in 19th century and beginning of 20th century , and that 's really cool programm i think ( us was one of the most immigrant-gaining country back then ) . 
  and ukraine in 2013 . 
  probably some `` eastern european spring '' incoming . 
  this comes from the word `` pole '' ( with meaning like north pole , without word north ) . 
  and - land = germanic end of country . 
  i feel very happy after watching `` russia is an aggressor again '' !, 
  they used my home country as an example of state having secret cia prisons !, 
  finally , someone noticed poland !, 
  by that logic poland won ww2 and deserved both wilno and wroc\u0142aw . 
  nope ... 
  i have never said that wilno should belong to poland . 
  also wtf is that logic ? 
  germany lost ww2 , they do n't deserve it . 
  it 's hard to not be pro-russian , when lithuanian gov. 
  is behaving like this . 
  since 1800 and earlier = for ages ... 
  poland before ww2 had german as a second language ... did lithuania have polish as it 's second language ? 
  probably not ... 
  i mean poles from pre-1939 polish borders , and i do n't wan na wilno back , just i want them to treat poles not as subhumans . 
  we in poland actually have bilingual signs for very small lithuanian minorities . 
  why ca n't you show us the solidarity , and also make bilingual signs ? 
  i am not even talking about lithuania being finnish-styled bilingual state , but jyst about some small things that you have been too arogant to do them yet . 
  those poles are living in ex-poland stolen by soviet union, 
  nope ... we should just demand from you toleration of our minorities , who were the majority there before stalin stole their land . 
  maybe you are not very patriotic , and switching country is not a deal for you , but not for them . 
  by moving to poland , they will proof that stalin destroyed eastern borderlands once and for all . 
  or maybe polish could be a second language in lithuania ? 
  this would also fix contacts with russian minority , since it 's easier for them to learn polish than lithuanian . 
  because they are living there for ages ? 
  and they do n't wan na adopt foreign culture they are not connected too ? 
  wtf , poles in lithuania are not immigrants like in britain etc. 
  they were living there for ages . 
  read more books please ... 
  can you see bilingual signs in lithuania in places where poles are 80 % of people ? 
  because i ca n't . 
  it 's forbidden , because lithuanian gov. 
  is fighting with minorities instead of treating them like an average citizen . 
  if you want to be liked , stop opressing our minority first . 
  ask byelorusian opposition ...
