  this issue is the most important one . 
  safety  money, 
  better stay away from the `` pro-european '' parties , it 's the most likely that they will get more immigrants . 
  yup , really ... that 's what it meant during the po 's rule . 
  they said they will keep being `` pro-european '' ... ... so `` everything brussels will say to us we will do '' . 
  better 300 `` ok fuck off we will take them and that 's all '' than 7000 `` good gest of solidarity !, 
  we are ready to take more !, 
  there is a diffrence between 300 and 7000 . 
  not that much ... fortunetly ... 300 ai n't problem , 250 of them will go away ( if schengen will still exist ) . 
  no , better homophobic than pro-muslim invaders . 
  the knowledge of a situation in the foreign media is a fucking joke ... 
  the dialect of native citizens of vilnius is called `` j\u0119zyk polski '' . 
  til that the biggest attraction of cracow is a former jewish getto . 
  czanog\u00f3ra - the mountain of 4czan, 
  i 'm waiting for someone in this sub to make * country names in proto-indo-european * / s, 
  because it 's a useful language ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  does the term `` ven\u00e4j\u00e4 '' comes from the `` venetes '' term ? 
  ( german/roman term for slavs ), 
  [ even some other nations ... ] ( http://bartolomeos3.blox.pl/resource/europa_dummy.jpg ), 
   yet and european nationalists just wan na make-up it . 
  he meant `` nationalist '' in an european way . 
  the funniest guy who claimed that he is an idiot , after i asked him for proof , said that he has read his book . 
  however , he could n't even give me a title ( seems legit ) . 
  in the next elections , he will get even 7 % ... ... while being in a coalition ... ( 8 % needed ), 
  many people claim that korwin-mikke is an idiot , but actually he 's not . 
  he 's just making up controversy and using complicated terms to get more and more popular . 
  the migration crisis similiary worked for me , but i decided to vote korwin . 
  that comment was so stupid ... nobody takes you seriously ... 
  that 's true . 
  50 % of pis electorate voted for them , because po wanted to take immigrants . 
   why should germany transfer money to poland if poland itself does not play by the rules and breaks contracts they agreed too before ? 
  what if i told you ... that german corporations are really strong in poland , so they can possibly even make more money on us than they are giving to us in eurofunds ? 
   well i can certainly see why they are trying to change their country into a copy of russia wat :d, 
  and you are writting shit comments below the reddiquete . 
  this is exactly what a person with an `` earth '' flair can say . 
  * we do n't wan na muslim immigrants , because the most of them is useless . 
  * i am not even a pis supporter * this case with constitutional problems has nothing to do with muslims, 
  it 's not that strange , because they are the two most powerful countries in the world . 
  however , american corporations prefer to set their factories in much poorer countries like vietnam ( especially clothes brands , example : converse ) . 
   obviously your politicians are n't very good at protection your ` interests ' right now then . 
  on a more serious note , it is in your interest that ukraines territorial integrity is held up . 
  talking about the stream of ukrainians into poland for example . 
  we can live without ukrainians as a cheap labour , we just need to make less socialistic economy ( which would be very hard , because pis is a socialist as f ** k ) . 
   sorry , you are right . 
  i just noticed that our tanks are on the way . 
  your puppet government also consented with everything we ask for . 
  you will now be forced to take in all our refugees . 
  you do n't need tanks , you will just go on with the sanctions ( which would be a bit hard for you , since the rest of visegrad group and maybe also the uk would block them ) . 
  also as i 've seen the eu propaganda called us `` ungrateful '' and `` without any solidarity '' after our minister of foreign affairs said that we can not take refugees after the paris attacks . 
   seriously ? 
  if you compare the action of the eu right now with what the ussr did to poland , your school did a very bad job educating you about the ussr . 
  my school was mostly educating me how the eu is wonderful and how it is helping us . 
   exactly . 
  it is a two-sided deal . 
  and there is nothing wrong about it . 
  the profit for one side is n't necessarily a loss for the other side . 
  yes , but i kinda assumed that you are one of those people thinking , that we are gaining eurofunds for nothing ( unfortunetly , that is the majority of the western europeans ) , so i had to make you sure it 's not actually like this . 
   after the end of the soviet union , poland lacked the funds for the investments that were eventually made . 
  the investments happened to come from the west . 
  foreign investment is in any way preferable to no investment at all . 
  there was kinda no diffrent option for us back then . 
   your economies # 1 trading partner is the eu . 
  russia is n't even importing one fifth of what germany alone is buying from you . 
  mostly because we are a part of the eu . 
   look at the income citizens of ee countries in the eu have and compare it to the income of non-eu ee countries . 
  it certainly has been benefitial . 
  well , to be a part of the eu , we had to fullfill some economical conditions . 
  we ca n't say that we are richer than them because of the eu , because to be a part of the eu , we had to be richer than them . 
  not really , every year more and more thinks are being produced in vietnam and cambodia , or even indonesia . 
  just look where were your products made . 
   nonsense . 
  sanctions being imposed on russia have not caused them to lift sanctions off iran . 
  given the relations of poland and russia , i deem it very unlikely that you are going to ally yourself with russia . 
  interests are more important than sympathies . 
   well , you obviously misjudge the severity . 
  eu criticising us on unconstitutional reforms . 
  eu is ussr !, 
  eu is ussr ! '', 
  was ussr interfering in it 's puppet states ' politics ? 
  yes does the eu so ? 
  yes was the ussr a pseudo-democracy with promoting the ideas of `` peace '' , `` international friendship '' and `` freedom '' ? 
  yes is the eu so ? 
  yes i bet russians in 1956 would say to the hungarians : `` we are just saving your socialism !, 
  i does n't matter that you did n't ask as for it ! '' . 
  60 years later the eu wants to tell to the poles `` we are just saving your democracy !, 
  it does n't matter that you did n't ask as for it ! '', 
   recieving large amounts of money and being incooperated into the biggest market of the world is very profitable . 
  did you know , that this is a two-sided deal ? 
  the german corporations are very strong in poland , that is why many eurosceptics compare poland with a german colony . 
  maybe our highways are modern because you gave us some funds , but your economy went much stronger too . 
   russia is poor , the only payments they 'll make will be with tombstones in smole\u0144sk and siberia . 
  and oil , and money ...  china does n't care , because they have americans funding their ghost economy . 
  both china and america do n't really like to make deals with eachother ( they are kinda `` rivals '' ) . 
  making deals with china ... and keeping making deals with america would make our economy not really need the eu . 
   what would cause the sudden change ? 
  it is very clear that poland has interest in maintaining the sanctions , why should that change ? 
  we also got sanctioned . 
  if the west will going to sanction us , the logical move would be allying with the east . 
   comparisons like this can only come from people who have not lived during the times of the ussr . 
  what does it even change ?
