  we have absolutely no reason to take them only because they are bored and greedy . 
  if they do n't wan na fight for their homeland , they should just stay in those turkish camps and stop complaining . 
  it 's not our fault that they are in war . 
  neither that they are getting bored in turkish camps . 
  of course . 
  they prefer to gain social benefits in germany/sweden , because waiting some years in turkish camps is definitly out of their capabilities . 
  why should we care about men `` waisting their lives in turkish camps '' ? 
  they are safe there . 
   proof ? 
  migrants and/or refugees usually leaves them in turkey or lebanon , and then count on family reunion programmes . 
  why ca n't they stay with them then ? 
   why should they die for a lost cause ? 
  you may value their lives as nothing , but why do you think they value them as low as you do ? 
  they value the life of their children and women as nothing , why should i value such type of `` man '' as something good ? 
   if they wanted to die , they would n't come to europe . 
  if they wanted just to survive , they would stay in [ turkey ] ( http://www.beczqa.pl/upload/images/medium/2015/09/logika_imigrantow_2015-09-04_13-25-01.jpg ) . 
  k , even if they are bombing them , it still does n't matter they shoud n't fight . 
  we , as the west , should say russia to stop bombing them ( if the fsa is not lieing ) , and that 's all . 
  the idea of forming in europe a professional army made of refugees is n't that bad either ( even if the left was making fun of our minister who made that idea ) . 
   i did n't say whose fault what is . 
  stop putting your words in my mouth . 
  you said it 's a `` proxy war of the european and american powers '' . 
   nevertheless of who started all of this , they 'd still get senselessly bombed if they fought for their country . 
  by who ? 
  the russians ? 
  can you prove it ? 
   how are they not european ? 
  by religion and culture . 
  many people say that albania looks literally like someone cut a country from africa and pasted it to europe . 
   except they wo n't defend them by staying in syria and dying for proxy war of european and american powers . 
  nice thinking of european and american powers being guilty of every possible modern war . 
  does the assad 's dictature have a right to exist ? 
  also the syrians caused the civil war , we only sent them our support . 
   it does matter that european muslim culture exists as it proves your statement , about them being unmixable , wrong . 
  how is albania , kosovo and bosnia european ? 
  culturally they are not that very , especially kosovo . 
  the language and location is the only thing making them european . .  if you think of men as disposable meatshield , yes you 're sexist . 
  i do n't . 
  i just think that stronger men should defend weaker women and children ( biogologically weaker ) . 
   it 's a shame that you 'll live without confronting you images of other countries with perspectives of people actually living there . 
  i do , but `` people living there '' have many diffrent opinions . 
   you do n't know anything about brazil . 
  i have some friends from brazil , so i must base on what they said to me . 
   i 'm talking about current hindu india which is one of the most diverse region in the world , considering ethnicities , cultures and various religious sects . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/poland/comments/412fbz/what_is_all_the_fuss_about_political_situation_in/ look at `` how the right wing comes to power '' . 
  one of it 's point is  how the majority is victimized by a powerful minority ( in india usually it 's muslims or christians depending on the region ) if they come to power using argument like that , it means main india is not that tolerant as you think . 
   but surprise , surprise , european muslim culture exists it does n't matter . 
   no , thinking that men should go and die is idiotic not to mention sexist . 
  yes , they should go and fight for their fatherland , should n't they ? 
   sexist xdddd - i ca n't comment this in a diffrent way  did you forget whom russia is bombing ? 
  hint : it 's not isis , no matter how they spin it in media . 
  russia bombing the free syrian army is n't prooved enough to make me believe this . 
   honestly , i can not believe that someone induced in multinational forum full of people from other continents constantly showing their worldviews ( you know which forum ) , can be so ignorant of other countries . 
  the things you wrote about new world are ridiculous . 
  i 'm not saying that usa/india/other are only bad . 
  i 'm just pointing out , that they are not any kind of proof of multiculturalism working . 
  also i wonder about leaving this forum , as you could see i 'm not very active in it now . 
  more than an average pole , but less than a nationalist . 
   canada , usa , australia , india , brazil prove you wrong . 
  usa - country infected with political correctnes , full of black and latino gangs , ku klux klan is relevant still to this day . 
  there are damn reasons why people support trump there . 
  brazil has similiar situation , maybe a bit lighter , but this is not a country with a lot of white people . 
  australia was a country build on smart people ( well ... also prisoners , but that 's a diffrent story ) . 
  they do n't take any people who are useless . 
  if some boat with asian refugees swim to them , they force people to go away or to work in refugee camps ( more like `` concentration camps '' ) . 
  usa was doing the same for the most time , but the mexican and african immigrants changed those politics . 
  india is divided between muslim and hindu populations as well . 
  there was a damn reason why did pakistan ( and later bangladesh become independent . 
   bosnia , albania , malta , kosovo prove you wrong . 
  bosnia - a country burnt in civil war in 90s , which was based on serbians who did n't like to share country with muslims . 
  the srpska 's seperatism is still relevent to this day . 
  albania/kosovo - really ? 
  that 's the worst example of european and muslim culture mixing as weel . 
  what about the orthodox churches burnt in kosovo ? 
  for the best albanians are also in this group of invaders who wants to go to germany/sweden to gain social benefits . 
  malta - the only good example you gave me i think . 
   this is straight up idiotic , especially from someone who hadn ; t experienced war . 
  til that disliking the men runing away like a cowards for money , while they wives and children are dieing is `` idiotic '' , because i had n't experienced war . 
   not to mention , that if they wanted to stay and fight , they 'd get bombed by european countries . 
  so they are all supporters of isis ? 
  hah , that 's enough to do n't let them in . 
   yes , their dialects of arabic differ greatly , and few question about syrian geography easily sort them . 
  maybe , but i still do n't trust our services ' quality . 
   and all refugees sent to poland were checked beforehead . 
  still it depends on quality of checking them . 
  being multicultural = being not united . 
  also some culture are not able to mix . 
  european culture is not able to mix with muslim culture , and vice versa . 
  no ethnic problems is a point which makes poland better than the west . 
   the reason why germany got events like the one in koln , is that nobody sorted refugees from ( mainly ) north africans and just let them all to bundesrepublik . 
  that 's why i have called them `` invaders '' . 
  syrians are not a majority , also the syrian men should stay in their country and fight instead of running like a cowards for money . 
  also north africans are not very unrelated culturally to syrians . 
   that means the only danteian scenes in poland would occur near odra borders . 
  so no , you would n't be affected . 
  do you really believe that our services would seperate syrians from the africans ? 
  if i was ruling germany , i would give poland the worst and the most useless migrants i could . 
  being homogenous is better than being multicultural . 
  that is one of some points which makes poland better than the west . 
  and yes , i would be affected when the migrants would do the same they do in the balkans or what they do in germany .
