poland itself belonged to russia nah ... our independence was recognized by foreign powers , such as uk and usa , also by the central powers after they signed peace treaties . 
  they were polish before both of those countries ever existed . 
  oh poor germans !, 
  after killing 3 million ethnic poles they were forced to move from breslav to berlin !, 
  how terrible !, 
  he said that `` poland was partially responsible '' for ww2 and that we should n't be even independent , we are shitole we call homeland etc. 
  so was his own country - partially responsible for starting ww1 , which even more people see as `` shithole they call homeland '' and `` which should n't be ever independent '' from the ottomans . 
  personally i do n't hate serbia , i just wanted to use his own arguments against him in order to show how big dumbass he is . 
   go suck pope 's dick . 
  he 's in washington so you can do him and master obama in one trip . 
  that 's not even an opinion m8 , that is just simple hate comment which is de facto cancer . 
   so ethnic cleansing of poles is a cruel crime , but ethnic cleansing of germans is just something fine to do ? 
  i dunno what do you mean , we just forced them to go out of oder-niessen line after the war . 
  but you lost ww1 , so nobody cared . 
  you can write comments like this on yt ... this is reddit , we demand something worth meritoricly . 
  because they do ... those ukrainian guys with red-black flags do n't look peacefully at all ... 
   you really think they would not be treated as enemies after you started attacking us ? 
  we started attacking you because they were under a real danger of being treated as enemies . 
  serbia is responsable for ww1 . 
  those poles were under danger of oppresion ... for an example poles from kaunas were n't treated well . 
  if lithuania was a finnish-styled bilingual state , we probably would let you to own it . 
  wilno was almost 90 % polish ... it was n't `` occupied '' . 
  also ... rly ? 
  if soviets would go through poland to czechoslovakia , they probably wo n't leave us on their own way . 
  wow ... we have re-taken ( czechs stole it in 1919 from us ) a 226 square killometers with opressed polish majority ... 
  so evil !, 
  it 's like saying that belgium started ww1 ... 
  that 's kinda rude of them ... `` h\u00f6h\u00f6h\u00f6 i am not smart enough to learn 1st easiest and the most used language in the earth ... deutschen sprechen !, 
  we probably would n't ... 
  venets ( proto-slavs ) were more at west ... 
  where did you go ? 
  `` the sun never sets on the american empire . '', 
  but you know ... germans who ca n't speak english can be really iritating as a tourist in foreign country or in video games like cs : go ... 
  i thought not-knowing english in 21th century = being uneducated . 
  germany ... are you even trying ? 
  yes . . 
  i am 18-25 ... 
  i dunno why do you think that 's something bad . 
  the number is not matter ... 
  the matter is that she betrayed visegrad group , also she accepted it when more than half of poles are against immigration . 
  also ... the times have changed ... now pis do n't have the same ambitions as in 2000s , however , they are a bit socialistic so i will never vote them . 
  i ca n't see a big diffrence between po mess and pis mess . 
  however pis is much better in foreign affairs ( kopacz is a merkel 's puppy ) . 
  also po could n't make a good standars of living for 8 years . 
  everyhing is better than po , however i 'll vote for korwin , since it 's conservative-liberal and eurosceptical . 
  they are much better than kopacz 's traitors . 
  germoney !, 
  gib monies or keep imigrants !, 
  polan can into chantage ... 
  ~ 1000 i think ... this refugees partition is dumb , because they do n't wan na warsaw , they demand berlin . 
  that 's how europe looks nao ... everybody is dank meme ... 
  changing '' - wski '' to '' - auskaus '' = lithuanization, 
  he also mentioned , that it was * lithuanized * ... 
  more like `` lithuania being xenophobic confirmed '' . . 
  but poles in persia were much better behaving than persians in poland ... 
  well ... we did n't forced iran to build churches , adopt christianity or to move us to britain because `` they are richer '' . 
  nice try , eu , but you failed . 
  it 's funny how russian government do n't see anything bad in soviet invasion of poland ( which 76 annivesary was yesterday ) , and thinks that it was n't anything wrong . 
  also they ca n't notice , that this soviet officer is responsable for killing and slaving polish partisants after war . 
  i 'm against planned economy , so i 'm staying far away from national-socialism . 
  i never said that they are doing well or bad ... and a `` commie '' is an opposite of my political opinions . 
  europa league wanted to show themselves as generous and philantropists . 
  unfortunetly they fucked up ... at least according to the poles . 
  what a typical arrogant immigrants . 
  is it your own comic , or you found it in ze internets ? 
  poland , czech rep. and slovakia were put under commie regimes by uk and us ... they could save us in 1945/1948 and we would be very thankful . 
  and what is wrong in my beatiful language ? 
  ; ~ ; i hate your sounds like '' \u0105 '' , `` ynas '' , `` tuas '' ... for some reason it sounds iritating to me . 
  says lithuanian ... 
  german still sounds bad to me . 
  is this a reverse of a common stereotype of terrible german language ? 
  nice try , merkel ... 
  1 ) tesla 's nationality is disputed , because he was an orthodox man living in austria , present-day croatia . 
  2 ) bosnians seems to be the least nationalistic ex-yugoslav country . 
  they usually `` do n't care '' ... 
  try spanish/castillian anti-arabic traditions maybe ... 
  war on ** terror ** ... 
  a serbian and a croatian dies and meets nikola tesla in heaven . 
  they ask `` tesla , are you serbian , or croatian ? '', 
  tesla answers : `` bosnian , because i did n't care . '', 
  i dunno what did you mean with `` poland '' ... 
  you did n't say `` in poland '' ... you said  when was the last time poland was a direct victim of islamic terorrism ? 
  it 's not the same thing ... 
  1 year ago is not very long time ago ... 
  oh kurwa ... there is a serbian flag in 3:32 !, 
  removal 100 %, 
  one year ago 1 polish soldier died in afghanistan ... so 1 year ago . 
  but they are often praising [ bandera ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/stepan_bandera ) :(, 
  germoney , yuo is not canada ... yuo can not into nice !, 
  seriously , history loves to repeat . 
  islamophobia has replaced antisemitism in whole eu for obvious reasons . 
  immigrants do n't wan na live in poland . 
  if germany wants to make immigrants moving to poland , they should pay us war reparations first . 
  aid level : putin, 
  yes ... 
  relevant flair ... 
  cia is wrong , or isis leaders are bad at mathematics ... 
  complaining is irrelevant ... ok , i see this discussion is slowly becoming a flamewar , so i 'll just end it here , since i 'm not a troll or sth . 
  * parent comment is exactly same as your comment - just complaining ... *  also read all other comments , the extreme right is overly represented . 
  and ?
