  if you want to visit my country , behave properly . 
  also their guardians , who are allowed to have guns for some reason , are really agressive and i 've read that more than once they 've beaten a pole for no reason . 
   this kind of goes to show yet again that the people who claim jews overuse antisemitism are usually pretty big antisemities themselves ... jews did nothing to make me like them , so they should shut up and think about `` maybe we should stop treating europeans as our enemies , maybe we should start behaving like humans while visitng poland ? '' . 
   i 'm kind of mind blown by your post , honestly , it 's like a rare view into the inner workings of a polish mind . 
  this sentence sounds like you are a polonophobe , or maybe you see the slavs as inferior to the germanic mustard race ? 
  i do n't really care , but if you are going to say that someone is `` anti-x '' , stop being `` anti-x '' at first . 
   also poland pls , your country is pretty much living proof that antisemitism still exists in europe . 
  [ we are still better than greeks and muslims tho ] ( http://i.imgur.com/khpeq59.jpg ) the biggest anti-semites are arabian muslims , i 've literally never met a non-antisemitic arab . 
  in poland we do n't like jews , because many of them are ungrateful , some are even trying to demonize poles who were helping them . 
  also israeli tourists and their guardians are the rudest and the most iritating people in the world . 
  what has she done except keeping an awful treatment of polish minority in central lithuania ? 
  i know definitly more about slovakia . 
  nice try , france, 
  how about pekolas\u00f5 ? 
  if yes , then [ your god is too ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/perkele ), 
  no , it 's piorun , the ligthing !, 
   germany : polen gib cheap workforce ours is too expensive ... and let my companies to sell german products and pay low taxes ftfy, 
  still better than pork-in-ass, 
  but - as in the end is very gay ... 
  perk\u016bnas is nothing compared to perun . 
  so are you butthurt russian , butthurt islamist , or butthurt leftie ? 
  poland-lithuania was one of the major producer of wheat back then , so there was n't a danger of famine there either . 
  it had once , but not during our golden age as well . 
  and the most of polish people had a good life , the belarusians , lithuanians and ukrainians working for them had worse life . 
  latvia has no potato !, 
  pis is actually sth . 
  like `` conservative-socialist '' , or `` catholic-socialist '' , it has never been comparable to republican party in the us , or some other conservative-liberals/libertarians . 
  catholic socialism, 
  what xd both leftist and rightist newspaper covers suck a lot here . 
  they sanctioned our food , that 's enough to be the biggest our enemy . 
  cr : i dunno ... we do n't have one . 
  we : at this moment russia . 
  keep reposting this every 3 months, 
  they can be always treated better in turkey ... #turkeyyes, 
  we have ukrainians and belarusians already . 
  yes , we should deport syrians where they come from . 
  turkey/cyprus can always take the refugees to let them live in safety . 
  italy can not into 60 million, 
  german people are not blinded by leftist propaganda , 
  germany has a good sence of humour, 
  seems like i must start reading it . 
   how is a city that is primarily inhabitated by germans and where german is spoken not a german city ? 
  primarly inhabitants spoke polish , an was inhabited by poles . 
  it does n't make it a german city at all . 
  as far as i know , islam allows muslims to have not-marriaged sex with non-muslim woman . 
  wroc\u0142aw was built by the poles , and was mentioned for the first time in 1000 ad as a polish city . 
  can you give me the name of this movement ? 
  ca n't find this anywhere . 
  have they a large neonazi movement ? 
  no , neo-nazism is even outlawed . 
  also it would be very strange to promote hitler as someone good after wehrmacht was treating poles maybe a bit better than soviets , but still very bad . 
  nobody would treat a potential neo-nazi as someone serious . 
  that 's very nice of them . 
  too depressing ... 2/10, 
  tell that to the communist party of china, 
   * also , china is n't communist . 
  the ruling ( and the only one ) party is communist . 
  seems like erdogan really wants to feel like an ottoman ~ ~ caliph ~ ~ sultan . 
  not really , we are still far behind the us , even communist china has freeier matket . 
  ee needs more free market politics , which might be some problem , because libertarian parties are not very popular here ( unfortunetly ) . 
  muslim immigrants mostly do n't work , they just take unemployment benefits . 
  not really , western economies are going down , because the most of muslim migrants do n't work , while eastern are going up . 
  fortunetly ( or unfortunetly ) , easten eu will be soon at the same level as western eu . 
  nice version of the us . 
  srsly , even when a canadian tried to offend me , he sounded so pathetic that i wanted to laugh . 
  thanks , some person told me that he has no chances , because he lost in iowa ... 
  but he 's slogan was sth . 
  like `` make the us great again !, 
  '' , so it really suggests `` the us will be more imperial than it is now under my rule ! '' . 
  that 's really strange slogan for stable politics with russia and china , is n't it ? 
  anyway , thanks , because your politics are important to europe too , as long as you are our biggest allie . 
  w8 a sec ... 
  does n't his failure in iowa mean , that he can not be a president anymore ? 
  sorry for the off-topic . 
  also i thought his political ambitions were to keep america dominating the world , were n't they ? 
  german sense of humor ... uhh ... 
  syria is n't in europe . 
  because turkey is sharing border with syria . 
  there is an earth flair . 
  and here 's a reason why you should flair up : what do you mean by `` fuck no '' ? 
  * fuck no - i 'm serbian and i do n't wan na them more in my country * fuck no - i am eu-ropean , and it 's shitty that we wo n't let them in * fuck no - i am eu-ropean , and i find this a waiste of money * fuck no - i am migrant , and i do n't wan na stay in serbia on my way for money, 
  the removal of kebabs should not a problem for serbians , right ? 
  not really , it 's really annoying when some / pol / nazi tries to say `` oh ... how those prussians were opressed for nothing , hitlur was right '' , and the `` article '' is written in rhetoric like that . 
  even if they did n't ... they are still responsible ... had they thought with their government before the soviets came ? 
  then they were helping them ( fascists ) , at least by doing nothing . 
  why is that a bad idea , huh ? 
  1 $ spent less on syrian = 30000000 $ millions more for turkey . 
  they can always start giving them less food , then they will get more money . 
  that 's what you got for supporting fascists . 
  but europeans are culturally unconnected , as i 've said before . 
  going your logic it 's like saying that they would be no problem for 1b chinese , so why ca n't china take them ? 
  is the usa in europe ? 
  or kurdistan ? 
  do not underestimate turkey !, 
  3 million is nothing for ~ 88 million country , amirate ? 
  also they are still rich arabian countries , they even speak the same language !, 
  why ca n't they take them ? 
  i 'm just saying that you have a lot of space , so you are able to take more . 
  karachan.org , also known as kurahen but it 's a pure cancer ... do n't go there ... 
  did you know who used to rule them before the byzantinians and crusaders ?
