  the persians !, 
  why ca n't islamic republic of iran take them ? 
  we can do n't take anyone ... why ca n't they run to turkey ? 
  turkey is culturally connected to them !, 
  also the ottomans used to rule syria , so the philosophy of `` we used to colonize them , it 's our fault/muh colonialism '' - applies even more to turkey than it does to the fifth french republic . 
  most of them run for money . 
   refugees  greek islands choose one, 
  how about adding english-languaged articles ? 
  russia ( including kievan rus , soviets , rus duchies ) . 
  we have n't left afghanistan yet ... am i rite ? 
  unfortunetly , we left it too fast . 
  the evil americans , poles , brits and allies were invading the peaceful iraq ... ... leaving government treating human rights well and stabilization after them . 
  nobody excepts the muslim meeting !, 
  btw . 
  if somebody on youtube , turns off the comment section and thumbs up/down , it means that sth . 
  is a little bit suspicious . 
   muslims are behaving bad in france  got ta recognize state , which wants to destory israel and kill the jews, 
  still india was under british rule . 
  and iran used to be occupied by britain and ussr back then . 
  no , india was under british rule , and there were no such big diffrence between britain and poland 2 . 
  not that many at tall ... 
  they passed british empire and soviet union . 
  no , lol 4 . 
  uk has, 
  honhonhon le normie get out, 
  not really , they just see western culture as better and richer than the russian one . 
   why do you think it was so easy for the communists to break a 10 milion solidarity movement ? 
  because they have properly scared people who have remembered the war and the uprising in warsaw lol wat ? 
  did you know why the most of the poles used to rage ( or still keep raging ) when somebody said that poland is in `` eastern europe '' ? 
  because they have a complex of being inferior to the west , and eastern europe reminds them russia . 
  no , it 's just `` i do n't wan na be seen inferior to the west '' complex , if anything . 
   regarding poland the question always is `` how much time do we have left before another war '' ? 
  i mean you just do n't want to neighbor mentally ill people , do you ? 
  with nordic i was joking as well ... you are also slow, 
  they have 3x20 taxes , which is kinda high , but still better than in poland tho . 
  both ukraine and estonia used to be in russia , partially in poland , and in soviet union , so you are kinda related . 
  they are the richest post-soviet country , their also the only country of scandinavia , which is culturally very connected to ukraine . 
  their average salary is 871 $ , and they do n't have so-called `` multi-kulti '' ( but they has a big ~ ~ opressed ~ ~ russian minority , so you will feel like your in home ) . 
  if you wan na bigger salary , go to finland - another kinda underrated country . 
  their average wage is 2180 $ . 
  estonia , because it 's underrated . 
  it does n't . 
  that 's a correct flag . 
  in poland everything is upside down . 
  the netherlands also makes sence , because poland was the first country to reach the petition requirements about legalization of marihuana ( ca n't find the source ) . 
  in poland everything is upside down . 
  i did n't know that : * people running from the turkish camps are running from war * politics should be based on emotions, 
  maybe also italy takes some somalis/libyans as well . 
  uk and france does , while germany does n't take a lot of people from cameroon/papua new guinea/togo/whatever . 
  they forgot courland !, 
  because they are against taking the invaders ( at least ) . 
  unfortunetly , polish society has n't grown up enough yet to vote conservative-libertarians . 
  our biggest leftist party is outside of the parliament ( thanks god ) . 
  how is that conneted to europe ? 
  you can give us former central lithuania back , an then we might become the best friends . 
  everyone with a bigger salary than 5000 $ / month ? 
  we wanted until we noticed , that most of your lands are useless forests . 
  ( except former-central lithuania ), 
  it 's just another shitty ignorant article ` bout poland , nothing worth upboats . 
  but we are your best friends in war !, 
  we fought together in iraq and afghanistan !, 
  there is no reason to be spooked . 
  blame the trump supporters ... 
  watch out lietuva , we are going to partition you with russia !, 
  1/6 undemocratical , because pis was ruling for ~ 2 months !, 
  publical debt - 780,0 mld z\u0142 ( 2014 ) at least they fixed their mistakes , because in 2013 it was 838,1 mld z\u0142, 
  we would do , because the foreign countries ' economies would n't be that strong , while who would prosper even more without stupid eu laws . 
  totalitarian rule in poland has ended in 1989 . 
  memes are the best !, 
  how the fuck is the state of poland responsible for the people who emmigrated from it volountarily ? 
  your western ignorance is a pure cancer . 
  he said that `` we should take immigrants , because polish people also used to have bad times and were running to germany '' . 
  now you have hundred of thousand ( possibly millions ) , of the people who are completely unconnected to the european culture , and who did much more terrorists attacks than the poles . 
  i know that not every arab is coming here . 
  we have no right to blame for an example , morocco , for the terrorists attack and the rape epidemy . 
  you are right . 
  every pole in the world has been an illegal immigrant . 
  what an iron logic , gj . 
  i 'm just pragmatic . 
  no muslim invaders = no terrorist attacks ... 
  if you want money for all costs - emmigrate . 
  i do n't wan na live in a sick society , like the most of people . 
  til that politics should be based on emotions , compassion and empaty , definitly not for the country 's interests . 
  another smurt western yuropean who does n't know , that the deal with poland getting funds is two-sided , and that giving a country funds = / = making it 's country your own bitch , has been found . 
  did you know that the deal with you giving us money is two-sided ? 
  dutch corporations are now functioning in poland , which makes your gdp better . 
  also what the fuck is this kind of thinking : `` eu gave them funds and let our corporations to gain money in poland , so poland must be our bitch doing everything what we want '' ? 
  safety  money, 
  i thought they are going to make allies in us ... 
  but no . 
  russia has shown that they are shitty tactics . 
  it 's undemocratical because i do n't like them , right ? 
  ( both comments / s ), 
  evil and undemocratical !, 
  look at people on [ marsz niepodleg\u0142o\u015bci ( or pro-pis march , i dunno ) ] ( http://x3.cdn03.imgwykop.pl/c3201142/comment_6zzxmajx9pj8mkbvt5rbhxx2wij3djjh.jpg ) ... 
  i see mostly young people . 
  people who were born and raised in communism , so people easier to manipulate . 
  they said that hungary is our neighbour ... also `` citizens who came protesting '' are mostly old lemings , as you could see even in photo they were only old people . 
  no i ? 
  they behave like assholes , not only like people .
