  * it 's funny how have you used wrong term `` democratical '' . 
  if this subreddit was democratical , we would elect an admin for 4 years . 
  isis said that they will send 500,000 their own immigrants to fight for islam ... 
  i should give you a source , but this fucking mobile version makes copying url complicated , so sorry . 
  more like you have excepted , that it is / r/leftistcirclejerk for complaining at `` bigots '' without having any arguments . 
  then get out of this subreddit , if you do n't like it ... no to wyjd\u017a , jak ci si\u0119 nie podoba ... 
  this is unfortunetly great anti-isis protection ... 
  we are just using `` anti-isis '' protection ... we are smarter than uncivilized west . . 
  we have a positive view about the uk ... ... unless you are voting ukip ... 
  says eastern island ... 
  such is democracy in poland ... 
  so ... are you ashamed that he has shared a fact ? 
  it was in 1919 and in 1791-1795, 
  yes , we have re-taken city with polish majority ... 
  this city was nearly 75 % polish and 3 % lithuanian until stalin helped you to kill/displace them.for best lithuania = / = gd . 
  they are an autochtonic population there , not the `` immigrants '' . 
  they have a special billingual signs , etc. 
  and no opression . 
  in lithuania they are autochtonic population . 
  soviet lithuania stole many lands from poland after ww2 . 
  those kids are living in the lands stolen from poland by ( soviet ) litthuania . 
  they should have at least polish language as an administrative , and also autonomy of central lithuania instead of pathetic xenophobia would be nice . 
  kinda `` anti-isis protection '' . 
  smart and comfortable ... 
  some shit like `` do russians force us to privatizate forests ? 
  '' , `` do russians force us to invade iraq for oil ? 
  '' , etc. 
  wall of text + russophilliic propaganda ... nobody would eva read this . 
  i ca n't see a big oppresion of nato , i saw a big warsaw pact oppression instead . 
  but you naive russophiles do n't get it . 
  edit : spelling, 
  fascist powder , that 's all ... 
  yes , lithuanians are too butthurt about belarus sharing history with them . 
  grand duchy was multicultural - baltic at the west , ruthenian at the east . 
  those minorities are not that dangerous for putin , because they are mostly mixed with ethnic russians , or even - less than ethnic russians in their republics . 
  he do n't wan na provoke a revolution in former central lithuania ... 
  but our gdp is rising ... ... oh no . 
  immigranto-macedonian war ? 
  stole our land killed our officers ( katy\u0144 ) killed poles in eastern belarus ( polish operation 1938 ) spreaded cancer of socialism into our country stole our money, 
  * german sounds like a dog which tried to speak human language * lithuanian and latvian sounds like a drunkard speaking random words from random languages * scandinavian sounds like a drunkard speaking german * finnish and estonian sounds really agressive and like the person who is speaking one of them want to kill you * hungarian sounds like lighter version of turkish * romanian sounds like italian spoken with russian accent * dutch sounds like a mix of english and german * greek sounds like a speaker was a dumbass or a villager * french sounds someone was punched in the face and mumbled * spanish and italian sounds really happy and festive * portuguese sounds like a depressed guy speaking spanish * slavic languages sounds like my native language, 
  more like `` they want to hire you for removal '' ... 
  there was a choice , french and british were just a cowards , who are now complaining about eastern european immigrants while it 's all their fault . 
  we were part of allied powers , so we should at least have same number of kilometers , + yes , you were obligated to attack germany . 
  you have chosen shame , and received war . 
  america is not a country ... 
  we can invest in invading wilno ... jk , i hope it sounded spooky ... 
  like during ukrainian conflict . 
  we did nothing , what was wrong with brussels opinion . 
  also by implying some not good eu rules , like `` straight banana '' restriction ... 
  with russian federation , of course ... 
  that 's a fact ... 
  this smole\u0144sk fanatism is not good , but still i prefer `` brave '' politician , than just a brussels puppet . 
  wake up !, 
  we are in economical war !, 
  at least , we have a hope for a change . 
  really small hope , but still . 
  anyway , if some politician would stop immigration to uk , i will kiss him and change my hair color to red ... 
  i swear ... 
  i hope duda will win , because komorowski ca n't even write word `` b\u00f3l '' correctly ... 
  he ca n't even write word `` b\u00f3l '' in polish correctly ... 
  aryan brittish master race shall rule the world !, 
  we must regain our borders back to colonialist times !, 
  we will kill every slavic underhuman from europe !, 
  well , those britts are really spooky ... 
  they are european - but they are not `` western '' ... 
  i think their culture might be 50 % european and 50 % asian , because they have many ural-altaic minorities ... 
  as a nato country member , i can tell you - yes , because we always wan na more land and better buffer zone . 
  the question is - do ukrainians want to be in nato ? 
  ukrainian people might be scared of russia , and would prefer to be neutral . 
  slavic language evolved into baltic one ? 
  actual lithuanians speak diffrent language than medieval ones ... 
  i think it is waste of time . 
  everybody recognize macedonia as macedonia , not any `` fyrom '' , `` western bulgaria '' etc. 
  i know that they are not real macedons , but btw even actual lithuanians are not same lithuanians ... 
  it 's not true.there are still many bandera 's and upa monuments in ukraine . 
  they were nothing more than fascists , so ... 
  you must really love the world where a child has two mentally disordered fathers/mothers , do n't you ? 
  still no new person for the eu . 
  how is going back to ancient greek homosexual tradirions going forward , and liking christian , newer traditions going backward ? 
  = no new children, 
  misleading title ... why are you caring so much about being pc ? 
  i have an idea : why ca n't macedonia call itself after some south slavic tribe which used to inhabit thier territory ? 
  this would end that dispute . 
  we are just annoying russia ... so we were doing under the previous government . 
  last time we said that auschwitz was liberated by ukrainians , and russia got triggered hard . 
  they get actually more angry because of us , than we because of them . 
  i like that our every government likes to bully and annoy russia . 
  burn it, 
  except our independence in 1918 . 
  welcome to / r/censorpean, 
  they have legalized gay marriage , and outlawed offending gays ... that 's enough to promote homosexuality . 
  btw : po wanted to do the same , fortunetly they did n't suceed . 
  clergy is promoting paedophilia if anything , but the eu is n't far from that . 
   i just think that poland is bound to do better in a common european market and as a member of nato me too , but if the nato would treat us as second-class country , they will show that they do n't wan na us in their side of influence . 
  also nobody forbids us to trade outside of the eu . 
   still better than belarus have you ever been to belarus ? 
  it is n't that bad as you think it is . 
   eu funds yea ... we need to debt ourselves to death by those damned funds ... do n't you think ? 
  and nato would n't be a think , if we were protected by russia . 
   might i ask how old you are ?
