  i would guess under 30 true , but irrelevant  you do n't really know what life was like behind the iron curtain kek , til that russia is still communist and we would be their slaves ... armenia is pretty much under the russian side of influence , and they do n't feel really slaved . 
   russia is shit , because they think they can piss on the world , and go it alone . 
  their nukes are a good argument to make them think like this . 
   is looking at putin , and thinks `` sounds good , let us give it a try '' but he 's forgetting we do n't have huge amounts of petrol , natural gas , saved up resources , or a population that could compete with the eu . 
  so what ? 
  we can build our infrustry on diffrent thinks that gas and oil ( their prices are getting down btw , ) . 
  arabic, 
  but why is the west better than russia ? 
  inb4 they have more money that 's a fact , but europe is now killing itself by implying multicultularism and promoting homosexuality . 
  would you like to make poland a poor version of sweden ? 
  what is funny , putin said some time ago ( after this constitution shitstorm ) , that he can give us back the wrecked plane , so he has shown that he is ready to take poland to his side of influence . 
  not really , it would be showing that poland is n't matter for nato at all ... so pushing us eastwards ... and germany would be not very happy if we were in russian side of influence , since berlin is placed near the border ... 
  if they did , they would just push us more to the east ... so * no * ... 
  i see every slavic language as a childish and retarded version of my own ... 
  poland better than britain ? 
  kek , not really ... 
  so tolerant !, 
  niemcy , niemcy over all ... 
  looks like proto-polandball comic ( without balls ) . 
  palace of culture and science ... 
  it 's not only ugly , it also reminds me that `` russia has fucked us hard after the war '' everytime i see it . 
  w8 what ? 
  ermmm ... do we ? 
  1 ) that is our fault , mostly because our tax laws are really not welcome for local capitalists 2 ) constitution is bad , but breaking it is bad too 3 ) ?? 
  1 ) high emmigration from country 2 ) government not really obeying constitution , and constitution being out-dated and full of contradictions 3 ) bad , however prospering , economy, 
  every possible formation fighting with `` hayt spych '' or `` racysm '' , but actually fighting with free speech . 
  good that they did n't mistake slovenia with slovakia . 
  baltic states are not very right , but they are literally raping the rules about minorities and equality in law . 
  baltic states are the major eu value breakers . 
   looks like it comes from the verb cht\u00edt , to want . 
  i would n't be sure about that , if it came from it , it would sounds like `` chtiten '' . 
  it 's not very likely that `` i '' would transform into `` o '' . 
  this could 've also come from * chodzi\u0107 * , to walk , but this sounds like a really strange idea to call a village like `` walkplace '' , does n't it ? 
  `` choce\u0144 '' , `` chotum '' , and some other names starting with `` ch '' are claimed to have iranian origin by some historians/ethymologists . 
  in poland the most county names comes from polish , but some also comes from german , old prussian , and ( old ) ruthenian . 
  but some villages/town names have strange origins , some are even claimed to come from scythian , gothic or old norse . 
  i like stereotype that we are `` hard-working '' , and that we are in `` eastern europe '' . 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa might have been not an agent , but still he is fucking iritating man with ego bigger than antares . 
  tak ( official ) , ta , ano , no , mhm, 
  incorrect info, 
  jews should face their anti-polish past . 
  this song would make me feel satisfied ... 
  we should make a song about the mass deportations of poles from ukraine under joseph stalin !, 
   i see , so you 're ignoring an official showing of gratitude in favor of your own anecdotal evidence of an israeli shouting or something ? 
  good to know . 
  by the way i just understood -- you have n't even interacted with them have you ? 
  all you have is this youtube video to excuse your prejudice . 
  nice man , nice . 
  i had this bad luck to see them while visiting auschwitz . 
  i gave you youtube video to make you see how they are being prepared to go to poland . 
   i ca n't imagine why . 
  http://imgur.com/a/yclah people like them are not making a good opinion for jews . 
   i wonder why they would feel that poland is not a positive place to be jewish . 
  never mind that they are there to see where their grandparents were murdered -- a perfect context in which to obtain uncolored and easy-going opinions . 
  it is ... as long as they behave properly - i said this several times . 
   you do n't care that the jewish state of israel is giving substantial financial and medical help to every individual it recognizes as having helped jews during the holocaust ? 
  in a discussion about apparent `` ingratitude '' among that very community ? 
  ah yes , selective thinking -- where someone makes up an opinion then approaches the facts and ignores those that do n't make them feel good . 
  i do n't know how this procedure is made , so i ca n't comment it . 
   enforcement of such a law would require the cooperation of those who hire and manage positions in said universities and businesses , and those were , i have assumed , poles . 
  before the war it was n't that obvious ( we were multicultural , and we paid a big price for it ) . 
   as a secondary note , the poles have the most righteous among the nations . 
  so in what way are jews not grateful if they have honored those poles who did show kindness ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nu6t9ymhvt4  that , by the way , is around usd $ 2,306 in income monthly , plus healthcare , substantially more than the polish average wage . 
  i do n't care ? 
   what kind of gratitude are you expecting ? 
  personal thanks of every jew to you personally in 2016 ? 
  israeli tourists , and their guardians , behaving properly in my country . 
  if you saw 8 of 10 dogs , who are behaving bad , would you say that `` nobody can say that those dogs behave bad , because that 's a generalisation '' ? 
   even before the holocaust , polish governments instituted discriminatory laws against jews in universities and businesses . 
  and there was anti-semitic violence . 
  our government was middly-legal ( it was brought by millitary coup , and was not elected by the poles ) . 
  the jews were still not running from us until the second world war . 
   to suggest that jews should be `` grateful '' is also incredibly insensitive in light of the information available on the behavior of many poles in those times . 
  yea , people risking their lives to save the jews are definitly people , who jews should be grateful to . 
   it is unfortunate that many current-day french and poles are so willing to condemn every negative action of that period to nazis and germans so totally , while losing sight of historical reality . 
  we have no reason to be ashamed of how were we behaving during the war . 
  of course , they were some scumbags collaborating with the germans , but they were not a relevant population . 
  they were not also any kind of polish ss , while the rest of europe had their own ss divisions . 
   it 's difficult to argue with jewish people because on average you have a higher iq and you 're more educated than the average westerner . 
  i have always 147-152 iq in tests , so i 'm a bit smarter than an average jew , also i doubt if they are really that `` more educated '' . 
  i 've never said that i do n't like jews who are not living in israel , but if they are like you , i have a reason to do n't like them . 
   so the first part of your post is still defending gross stereotyping , also something about how jews should `` shut up '' ? 
  what the fuck man you 're spiraling out of control here . 
   i just take issues with you and your countrymen being completely unabashed about your absolutely legless disdain for jews hahahahahahha you what , you are accusing me of gross-stereoyping , while you are stereotyping too ... xd  whee whoo whee whoo hardcore projecting/strawman alert . 
  yes , that 's exactly what i see while looking at your posts . 
   since i 'm jewish then asks yourself a question `` why do the poles do n't like us '' ? 
  do n't think that we will treat you as almost-holy , because the germans used to put your ancestors into ovens . 
   you disgust me . 
  i do n't care . 
   i just find the statistics regarding your country 's antisemitism , and the way you guys always defend it here in roundabout ways or attempt to slide it absolutely repulsive because we have reasons , and instead of acting an offended cunt , try to change your own behaving . 
  before the war jews were nice and smart people , who usually were great scientists and economists , so we liked you . 
  nowadays you are mostly offended cunts bitching about anti-semitsm . 
   moreso because of the intertwined history of the jewish people and poland no , mostly because of how are you behaving . 
   p.s i have no idea what a `` polonphobe '' is , but i 'm certainly not irrationally scared of poles or whatever and i am not against every semite ; for an example maltans are very nice people . 
   i like that you 're being unashamedly antisemitic/racist as well by talking about all jews as being [ x negative trait ] and actually defending hatred of jews . 
  i 've never said that all of jews are like this . 
  probably some percent of them are not like this , but they are a minority . 
   also you seem to think it makes sense to be hostile to jews because you do n't like israeli tourists . 
  why should i like people who always shout , destroy property and are aggresive .
