  edit3 : sir hanging on , requesting presence of / u/hos _ captobvious to further work his magic . 
  edit4 : it 's been 4 hours , any other super heroes/villains willing to bite ? 
  from how i understand it , to those who experience this side effect , it 's * kind of like * when someone experiences the drowsy side effect of cetirizine ( otc allergy med ) . 
  though i could be wrong , but if i am right and someone experiences this , that really sucks and i am sorry you have to go through that because that is what cetirizine does to me and i feel horrible without it and , i too , might possibly die if i stop using it because my illness is that severe . 
  while i stand in the middle on this issue from my own personal reasons , i wanted to take it to the extremes ... would you tell a cancer patient to suck it up and stop cancering around for attention ? 
  would you tell someone with an allergic reaction to stop anaphylacting around and just breathe ? 
  if anyone feels confident enough to call me foolish for making these comparisons , i say they please help invent a way to prove these diagnosis wrong or right when it comes to many illnesses . 
  if someone ca n't prove wrong or right but feel good enough to put up an argument when so many say they have it but those who do n't automatically jump to `` fake !!!, 
  '' , y they such fool ? 
  at one point in time , doctors could only diagnose many forms of allergies and cancer by seeing their only clearly visible side effect , death . 
  just because we have n't figured out a way to detect or measure an illness does not automatically mean it does not exist . 
  i was wondering if they live up to their name . 
  though , clearly not . 
  i , too , have done this , thus i am happy for you ( feels good , do n't it ? 
  still find it odd how some people say they just `` naturally '' knew this ... but ok . 
  as a random fattie feel good thing ... did your budgetary savings and weight drop percentages trend in the same direction ? 
  i remember that when i noticed mine did , that was just what i needed to keep me going . 
  excuse me while i question ~ ~ his ~ ~ their methods in my private algoritorium . 
  if you need me but ca n't find it , it 's next to my sitting room . 
  edit : neuter . 
  as you have stated me be of the .1 percent , i must share my worry when it comes to the scientifically evident lack of cleanliness and shocking extrafolicisim around the this child 's literatorial forearm . 
  ~ ~ who/what is zamasu ? ~ ~, 
  i see you are a passionate fan . 
  i wish i liked things that much . 
  are you sure it 's not one of them and they look like us ? 
  if you disagree , how do i know you 're not one of them and why are you not wearing your space blanket ? 
  according to the usually accurate but contextually ignorant wisdom provided by my one true savior , sir google , i believe i do not . 
  i am happy for you and miss those days myself . 
  as i had eventually started to go down the road of soylent ( after losing over 90 lbs ) , i then noticed that is overkill for me and i wish someone pointed it out to me sooner . 
  if this is the case for you , are you sure this is the best road for you and that you 're lower than how you originally defined your `` ideal '' weight ? 
  if not you too and your doctor says ok to go on , i wish you the best of luck as i once again have some lbs to shed ( this time from lack of movement ) . 
  i believe this is caused by higher self esteem and your body having less shit weighing it down ( at least that 's what i noticed with me as i got lighter ) . 
  when i had met my goal , i felt as if i were on cloud nine , so i hope that 's added motivation if you had any doubts of how good you 'll feel . 
  if your accountant and doctor agree , way to successfully improve your overall health and keep going , kind stranger . 
  i will join you soon too !, 
  while i know not of your god , a mere mortal as i is not worthy enough to praise any who deem themselves as one , though i must ask a question . 
  are you sure you are n't misinterpreting how `` highest of all the gods '' is defined ? 
  if not , i wish you luck in your journeys and i hope your fappiest days pave your path . 
  based on how my inner monologue portrayed your tone while reading your words , clear lack of evidence when making such claim , and subjective intent , i would ** probably ** not show support for bsimmons during his presidential campaign ** because do n't i know who they are , what they stand for , what they are fighting for , how they would change my life , how they would change your life , if i could even vote for them , and ... most importantly ... what their post-to-comment karma ratio is at ** . 
  edit : following the shock of recent revelations , additions of new feelings are outlined in bold print . 
  turns out crockpots are equally wonderful for leftovers ( with stoves and ovens ) , at least that how i feel . 
  `` forcing '' myself to do things taught me that it shows how equally dumb we all are , and clear when calling/considering it `` forcing '' ourselves with intent to better ourselves so we live longer . 
  thus , to show i 've clearly and undoubtedly smaterered throughout life , i find i will have to force myself again to improve this weight situation . 
  does this means i 've digressed in full circle as having never left my spot to begin with has led me back to the same place , or did i just force myself to believing i had ever left to begin with , and all i did was spin in my chair and see something different ? 
  while i do not question the validity of the `` idiot '' claim , i must question another . 
  if my words come through text and you tell me to shut my dick holster , do i still not have ( varying on your sexual orientation , sexual preference , open mindedness , and how many accidents i 've had with buzz-saws throughout life ) around 9 left . 
  is this not the expected outcome ? 
  are you anorexic and are bitter about it ? 
  portion control . 
  while this evidence does not prove that / u/diarrhea-bubble-bath is [ deleted ] , and that imgur user is not / u/diarrhea-bubble-bath , i value your efforts . 
  like , you putting effort into this actually pleasantly surprised me , and i believe effort should not go unrewarded . 
  plus it 's your cake day ... but seeing as you still have over three years of gilding left in your name , i deem you too gilded to pop my gild cherry on . 
  thus , i must ask , ~ ~ may ~ ~ would you say it suffice you if i gild someone else i deem ~ ~ worthy ~ ~ gild-worthy and say you are to indirectly blame for said gilding ? 
  a believer of the multiverse theory i see i have found . 
  as you now have more of my curiosity , further inquiries must now be made . 
  - do you limit your acts , of which name you brave to bear , to strictly while on travel or do you have another ritual ? 
  - how/where/when does your god come in during said rituals ? 
  - have you ever had the opportunity to part-take in activity with a dragon ? 
  if so , is this how one comes to own one 's ball ? 
  - is the z for zamasu ? 
  all i know of your religion is that , somehow connected , there is a wise green man who goes by piccolo and a spoiled young man by the name goku who often gets so infuriated that his hair changes color . 
  your answers will be much appreciated as they will help rid of my ignorance . 
  i was not worried until i got there and started going in the other direction hah . 
  i actually realized how funny it is that i started feasting on soylent as i had lost most of my weight by doing keto . 
  i intake none of the things you have cut back on , but i lack in the veggies and the whole movement department thing , so i have gained a some amount back . 
  i 'm truly happy for you because according to science-y stuff on the fda site and others , people much smarter than i say we will both live a longer and happier life weighing less than we had previously . 
  do you bike to actual places or just in one place while watching tv ? 
  why not the other ? 
  as i have back issues stemming from my leg being at the wrong place at the wrong time ( read : between motorcycle and pavement ) , i always skipped legs . 
  though , from some class in college , i remember that leg muscles burn a lot of fat . 
  while you bike , make sure you ( genuinely but lamely ) do n't skip leg day . 
  it 's been years since i had a beer , but i remember enjoying the occasional shiner bock , though my favorite was a guinness i had in ireland . 
  what is your favorite beer , kind stranger ? 
  i will make you proud . 
  thus , if i were bitter because i am fat , you 'd think of yourself as better than me , because you are so chill ? 
  * sarcastic breathing intensifies *, 
  can i not just be fat and , for an unrelated reason , bitter ? 
  better yet ... be fat because i am bitter about something else ? 
  finally , as to defend my honor , i challenge you to a duel at high noon utc . 
  if you choose to accept and show up , you will - promptly after said duel begins - be given the choice of your using your hand to transform into one of the following weapons : a rock , a paper , or a scissors . 
  this process will repeat a few times so ensure at least a 7 minute window in your schedule . 
  it 's so friendly it 's sketchy ... are you truman burbank ? 
  if so , hi mom !, 
  if not , please elaborate because i have no idea what you mean . 
  ouch . . 
  i see . 
  ( having no medical knowledge ) i think that 's actually a really good idea . 
  though , til what an lcl actually is . 
  ah yes , i remember good ole pbrs . 
  for , i too , like an ice cold water on a hot day . 
  ( be proud of where you 're from . 
  if you 're insecure/embarrassed by it ... just remember that at the end of the day , we 're all just derps who shove our things into / get other 's things shoved into us by others to feel good . ), 
  i 'm happy you bring that up as i had not realized the time . 
  seeing as it 's a bit past 3 , are you available at low noon ( est ) ? 
  * looks around * i see no path . 
  are you sure ? 
  agreed . 
  i heard that the last guys who did ended up getting their heads cut off and turned into pyramids . 
  hah , this reminds me of the thought one of your distant relatives had in one of the hgttg books , right before he ... err ... nvm . 
  thanks for the nostalgic moment and your comment made me laugh .
