  this shocking event outraged taunies around the meridian , causing an ephemeral protest and minor dehydration . 
  some other subjective amount of time later , an unnamed droid got pissed at his lack of benefits and leaked documents showing hothware 's hq traceroutes being identical to those of controversial communities `` thetuskenbay '' and `` wookieleaks '' . 
  no localhosts responded , though experts have hinted at sudo . 
  with more time passing , their competitor ( led by their luxophobic and misunderstood ceo , darth tabber ) saw an opportunity . 
  as his swift hostile takeover has left us with no historical evidence , darth funded hollywood-produced biased documentaries . 
  our resulting ignorance can still be seen today , notably when an infamous f.a.k.e. 
  news outlet asked the greedous question `` who is forcechan ? '' . 
  an unknown time after these events , r2d2 was quoted beeping . 
  a holiday was created to raise awareness about the heinous crimes against hard-working , although rebellious , it professionals throughout history , : may 4th , sometime before counting . 
  forced . 
  tldr : i 'm an idiot , move along , nothing to see here . 
  thank you for keeping on the serious front . 
  `` the dysphoric feeling that one or more limbs of one 's body do not belong to one 's self '', 
  interpretation wise , does this mean the person can use the logic `` add more limbs because i have less than i should '' ? 
  dear valued customer_name ,, 
  we have been regretfully informed that you have experienced a pinch of blood boil in your emotional / weakness system . 
  to show how regretful we felt when we first heard this invalid_entry news , here 's a coupon for 75 % off ** any full size mattress * . 
  thank you for your satisfaction and continued support ,, 
  last_name store # 382, 
  * offer expires april 31st , 2017 . 
  ** valid only on sizes twin , shoe , king . 
  *** prohibited where valid . 
  citation required . 
  hashed snowflakes indicated for undefined duration . 
  weather balloon theory upgraded from possible to probable . 
  confidence factor : \u25d5, 
  typing request returned wat for object `` stero '' . 
  not being a doctor but having a career that is currently exclusive to non organic objects , i feel qualified to respond . 
  my professional opinion is that this need is economically more favorable for your wallet than the need for your thumbs to have feet . 
  i now fully share this line of logic with you . 
  i was conflicted about this because of how we look at money/some at theft . 
  however , the points you make about `` rarer '' and `` reference '' make my arguments invalid and clear up my personal philosophical conondrums . 
  thank you , kind stranger . 
  follow-up question . 
  is there a proverbial hard-coded ceiling to how many limbs our brain can efficiently control ? 
  what makes you think this is their baby ? 
  you 'll never be as good as your keeper . 
  ditto in the `` was beginning to question my sanity '' aisle . 
  i disagree with you on that statement and argue that shit is more common of a danger than a pedia-klepto couple who also dabbles in the occasional art of documenting their own cannibalistic habits . 
  ... the cycle continues . 
  edit : ... . humorous how reddit errored and caused me to double post this comment . 
  i appreciate your inclusion of a unique and pragmatic , yet socially unacceptable , solution . 
  i would like to remind you that if you turn to page 347 of your run book , it clearly states fellow humans are not to be seen and/or used as figurative/literal/proverbial kindling . 
  also , per jane and jim from hr , i would like to remind you that you are breaking rule 455 of our unwritten code of conduct . 
  finally , as you can not prove i did not abstain from chuckling at your comment , i prefer to stay of the side with more pitchforks . 
  thus , i curse you , you misunderstood and possibly confused fellow human !, 
  this behaviour has not been seen since the days of babel !, 
  if you define need as continued survival as you have been , i agree with you . 
  however , if your seed is from speed and your activity is knead , it would then indeed be a seemingly bad deed to argue against your need . 
  * leftover : bead , bleed , breed , freed , keyed , lead , mead , steed , weed . 
  i am stressed and my own idiocy is therapeutic to me . 
  i apologise for digressing . 
  returning to topic at hand :, 
  i always found it fascinating how authors utilize the human psyche/intuition to make us aware of issues in such a seemingly innocent way . 
  example : knowing about doc ock , we are all ( arguably ) aware of biid , various forms of logic , psychosis , et al. 
  thanks , stan . 
  * at times during the experiment , the subject was asked to move the phantom limb to a location that was obstructed or otherwise unfeasible . 
  another way to word this would be : `` to improve the probability of being correct when we say this patient is in denial , we played twister and used basic physics to ensure our own sanity . '', 
  some people just want to watch the world burn . 
  to some , their grandfather is their whole world . 
  this is a philosophical paradox . 
  i also want to be crystal clear that this does not justify or excuse them from acting like an unwashed scrotum in what is meant to be an uplifting and motivational thread . 
  but , ya kno , to each is their own . 
  i challenge you to reevaluate what is worth more : getting upset about unnamed individual 4728473 strategically putting specific words next to each other so they may chuckle ( for all you know , their circumstances are uber shitty and this really is a step up in relation to what is their reality ) , or you putting that energy to / u/oxford89 cause . 
  i appreciate each of you equally . 
  you are equally attempting to contribute , pragmatic about your ways , and offer unique solutions . 
  just because one of you is currently unwell does not automatically mean we can never work together . 
  though , it means we have a dangerous psychopath among us and i will choose my words carefully as i do not want to be a victim if they snap before getting help . 
  * breathing intensifies ? 
  edit : the comparison between my first sentence and my other comments in this thread are a gentle reminder to increase self-thesauritism . 
  i would argue that yellowpages or yelp would reap a more desirable ( to all parties ) and more expedited return on investment ( roi ) . 
  while your heart is in the right place , the solution you offer could be interpreted as short sighted because it yields negative results in the long run . 
  i agree with you . 
  in the spirit of spit balling and for science ... 
  i would argue that writers who strategically engineer ( meaning not caused by me myself wanting for it to mean that as the interpreter ) their writing to spark up these types of debates / interpretations , make you feel a specific way , etc. 
  can be ( and maybe should officially be ? ), 
  categorized as a unique / specialized psychologist . 
  i also believe that the current definition and entire etymology of the word `` psychologist '' backs up my argument . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  this makes me want to automatically buy everything you have ever rated 3 + stars , without knowing anything about you or even the products in question . 
  though , 2 is not enough . 
  pass . 
  my passion has always focused around mathematics and physics . 
  from the age of 10-14 , everything i did focused around baseball ( watching , physically playing on a team and failing , playing video games and excelling , and learning more math to see what else i could throw numbers at ... even if it did n't make sense ) . 
  now i 'm an engineer and appreciate that watching baseball relaxes me , although i rarely find time for it . 
  given that i sit on my ass all day now and was never athletically skilled to begin with , i see you as a super hero since you were skilled enough to play at any professional level . 
  i also hope you are enjoying your retirement from baseball . 
  with that said , i have 3 questions i was hoping you could answer as your exp at any professional level astronomically exceeds mine . 
  if you do n't answer , that is totally cool too and i wish you the best . 
  think back to a professional moment you would classify as your personal `` bottom of the 9th , 2 outs , bases loaded , down by 1 , you 're at bat '' . 
  - at the time , did you realize the magnitude of the situation ? 
  - is there anything you remember worrying about at the time that seems unrelated/illogical upon reflection ? 
  - how much ( if any ) of a psychological mind-fuck did you find a group of fans making ( or not making ) the expected amount of noise ? 
  nerd . 
  you are my favorite person until i find a new one . 
  it might not be enough !, 
  let me try to improve my wording to better show what i am trying to say ... 
  an md is psychology is not the only way to define a psychologist , though it is the only way to define a extremely highly skilled and knowledgeable doctor who specializes in psychology . 
  for example , someone highly skilled at and getting paid to repeatedly fix issues with machinery for an extended period of time being considered a mechanic . 
  * do n't even get me started on direct mail orthodontic treatment and mall kiosks .
