  what is your motivation ? 
  side note : i then spent a lot of time on texturing ( substance rocks when learning how to model ) , then data compression , now on gpgpu magics . 
  this has helped me with speeding up many tasks in my works with machine learning , big data , and personal 3d rendering . 
  let me know which route you take because i 'm not sure where to go after next task yet and can use some ideas . 
  i 'm skeptical . 
  have you properly calibrated the atoms in your neutrinos ? 
  curious software engineer here . 
  i wondered the same thing 8 months ago . 
  now i casually scrape https://www.wiktionary.org and wake up to a new piece of etymology every two days . 
  this wiki is superb . 
  something tells me you 're full of shit . 
  you must be a hero . 
  wait ... why are you not wanting to ( / scared to ? ), 
  show any emotion ? 
  i find myself doing this recently and then have to remind myself i 'm not vulkan . 
  why not both ? 
  thank you for sharing that . 
  i did n't realize people get frustrated like this ( i like to keep to myself , thus ignorance ) . 
  i 'm sorry that you experience this because , from how i can only imagine , that must be very tough on you emotionally if your feelings become intense often . 
  i wonder ... 
  when you feel like this , i would assume your body burns a lot of energy . 
  do you sleep like a baby afterwards , or are you exhausted the next day because you ca n't fall asleep ? 
  to add some humor ... 
  i can not smell , so i have go through life never knowing if/how i smell . 
  i also have tinnitus so bad i ca n't concentrate and experience the same symptoms of adhd because of it . 
  i have to logically determine if i smell and then contemplate if my medicine is finally making me paranoid . 
  what ? 
  there 's no way a vet could treat an animal with a treatable infection by ... reciting verses from a book , thus just letting it die ... 
  right ? 
  post taco bell food poisoned sith ? 
  do you give cookies , sweety ? 
  i feel bad for that pr rep. 
  this reminds me of that guy whose defense attorney defended him with ( something along the lines of ) `` my client must clearly must have a slower developing brain because no person his age would do this in that way . '', 
  you can almost feel them facepalm as they said this . 
  what !? 
  i thought koenigseggs were lower peasant level priced . 
  how do you afford your staff ( and their butlers ) with that income ? 
  neither did his trout costume . 
  or risk management . 
  maybe it 's the plutonium . 
  told you not to smoke that pinecone . 
  how 's wally ? 
  thus legally blind . 
  this is why glorious leader does n't let you have things . 
  but with that attitude . 
  i wonder ... are you aware unity uses imgui and regards to it as the legacy ui system in lots of places since 4.6 because no one without your foundational knowledge understands / realizes the power and beauty of imgui ? 
  as a software engineer and former risk analyst , this is why i currently have no human children , but instead many highly limited bots . 
  that which is incapable of doing stupid things is therefore never going to do anything stupid . 
  though , good luck with your kids !, 
  that 's golden . 
  i like your how your code shows places where it seems you may be confused about how you should comment on parts in some because your naming scheme is logical and straight forward . 
  i feel your pain , it 's a fun problem i always run into in everything except for python . 
  also , i like your use of google docs for task/todo tracking . 
  the only reason i do n't do that is because of luck in my originally random learning path , thus i find you clever . 
  ... so you 're saying the humor police exists ? 
  these tweets are n't gon na retweet themselves . 
  i 'm concerned about the lack of green and blue outside of that window . 
  how do you feel about goats ? 
  i like you . 
  i upgraded last year so i only have a broom , do i need to upgrade ? 
  i wonder why you 're single . 
  that 'd be smart for a crop . 
  you deny yourself your own smarticity . 
  i imagine cloning would be the perfect solution , thus medical tissue growing ( word ? ), 
  / medical 3d printing advances will kick ass . 
  for now though , i too am curious . 
  awfully croppish of you to say . 
  what is the significance behind the 47 in your username ? 
  your analogy is irrelevant to me . 
  software engineer here . 
  i do but i think i 'm in the wrong context ... 
  idk but given that all humans become numb to emotional pain ( like all good realistic robots ) over time , youth should be paid more . 
  that was a turnip . 
  this seems like something to use if you ca n't visualize scheduling diff techs in any other way already , or something to use when your producer has no idea what you do and wants to use heterogeneously and computationally intensive buzz words to justify their existence ( if they 're bad ) . 
  though , i think this would 've been useful for me when i first started with this black magic . 
  in conclusion , i only extensively skimmed and could be totally wrong . 
  ... out of this world !, 
  i 'm skeptical because of `` too good to be true '' reasons , but that does n't mean this is n't totally awesome . 
  upon further lazy research , this wording is better : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/openvx, 
  i 'm sold , will try . 
  noaa disagrees . 
  you already get a standing ovation ... what more do you want ? 
  uncle sam said loosen up , someone misheard . 
  why so serious ? 
  nasa and friends also supply source code to a lot of ** cool ** things they do . 
  ... so you 're saying my taxes were done by a dumb human ? 
  predicatived . 
  lacks some range ... hdr pls ? 
  how old are you ... four score ? 
  ... what if remote selfie cam scuba droid is at play ? 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  though ... if that 's what it takes for no one to get hurt , that 'll be the outcome sometimes , and i 'm okay with that . 
  thank you , kind stranger . 
  this interests me . 
  yes , if you 're rich enough to buy reddit and add the feature . 
  he 's been ready since 2014 ? 
  are you saying individuality exists or that this is a strange world ? 
  a proper implementation of semaphores is surprising indeed . 
  i never denied that . 
  ok , that defines `` super cool '' in my book .
