  side question ... how do you feel about exrs ? 
  please professionally contribute to the scifi community before you die . 
  - person who enjoys this style of scifi . 
  it 'll be in next year 's version of the guide . 
  / not-s, 
  inb4 ` qualtum ' ( quality ) of ` physics ' ( physically , but not physical , ones ) . 
  where 's your towel, 
  following your logic , extra year is because lessons learned from proprietary trilithium . 
  i 'm sure lisa will find a way to single thread an old custom fork of js-core in one of its modules and be outdated for cpp core before release ... and patching over that distance must suck . 
  i think your worries should in why the others returned ( only ? ), 
  2 from the larger group they abducted . 
  `` proper pair ~ ~ or ~ ~ of ar smart glasses '', 
  as you come from a future where these have been defined , refined , and improved over time ... 
  please enlighten me . 
  the way that entire post is worded is as if they are from the future and came back with the news . 
  in current times , please remember we * think * we know what we want ar to be because we 've seen movies and have an imagination . 
  we have no fucking clue what is actually useful and how you can improve that because we have barely scratched the surface on augmenting our reality past imagination and digital image manipulation . 
  if you disagree and believe you know what ar 's end-game form is , you can reach me on my beeper as i 'll be driving around my model t in my vr . 
  ** tips hat **, 
  your comment would be anyone thinking for literally one second and 3 ticks . 
  bit more though ... 
  higher population means more people dying . 
  more people dying means more available organs . 
  if organ donation ( no idea what law is ) was mandatory or social norm there compared to opt-in or against religion in us ... 
  i think it would make the graph look like this . 
  unless , of course , i missed the memo on china 's 3d printed organ delivery in 5 days . 
  if you have zero population , this problem no longer exists . 
  if you have any population , this problem exists in different capacities . 
  i beat off with furious intent when i tell you that persons who define the population is a non constant variable , and due to inheritance , meaning you are arguing you are right because your point is false and your statement because your self declared not untrue not unfalse statement is not not false . 
  to climax , we can argue that i have no point if one of the two valid points i clearly made was n't made . 
  i love lamps . 
  thus logic clearly states we overlook the other valid point thus climaxing . 
  i hope this clears up at least one of your life 's questions up for you . 
  i do n't do this for each of this populous 's members . 
  good nap . 
   [ organ_transplantation_in_china ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_transplantation_in_china ), 
  that is fascinating . 
  they have created the mindset that `` criminals are not worthy of keeping their organs '' . 
  no wonder ( basically ) no one donates . 
   in 2013 , huang jiefu altered his position on utilizing prisoners ' organs , stating that death row prisoners should be allowed to donate organs and should be integrated into the ** new computer-based organ allocation system . 
  lol , they were keeping hand records units 2013 , noobs . 
   organ tourists to china report receiving kidney transplants within days of arriving in china . 
  having a much higher than average anxiety level about death , along with wanting to be alive if death were around the corner ... totally the first logical thought that crossed my mind . 
  being a european that has lived in the us for a majority of the time , my knowledge of chinese culture in basically none . 
  this means i 've always been made to feel special/owed something because i am person . 
  having most of my life revolve around engineering , i understand efficiency and et cetera . 
  it 's fascinating to see the complete opposite philosophy at play when it involves this . 
  no wonder so much is made in china , they are a country that focuses on efficiency for efficacy , thus leading to a higher quality of physical well being if in the right circles when compared to politicians in my culture . 
  in closing , lol my emotions say `` how dare they ! '', 
  but my logic says `` how engineerically perfect of them '' . 
  who 's to say which is right ? 
  though , fantasizing , i can try to guess where i 'd go to on vacation if i ever desperately need a replacement filter and darwin . 
  will we though ? 
  it 's only a mildly amusing goat ... 
  if it were a mildly amusing toucan or something , i 'd be convinced . 
  if hilarious means extremely amusing , what if we stop exaggerating out of reality and say he were just thoughtful ? 
  ( excuse needing to use your imagination , i 'm currently in my bios . ), 
  thoughtfully thankful trickster toucan \u2122, 
  * oh shit ... is this how memes were born ? 
  * idk , but ty for letting me fantasize , you beautiful babbling bipedal baboon . 
  not even nerfs will let me herd them , got a buff ? 
  just like you distinctly remembered last week that the nazis won the war , grandma . 
  just tell him that the voices in your head are n't creative enough or that you enjoy when professional men/women read you other 's fantasies . 
  seeing as you 're a witcher , not sure how to take that ... 
  mouse is my keyboard . 
  but as long as there 's a tomorrow , i wo n't stop trying . 
  suuuure . 
  sounds like something the government would say ... / p, 
  your lack of pragmatism is disturbing ... 
  unless he eats you after , then it 's cool . 
  it 's called backwards reverse inverse transversal psychology . 
  ... contrary to popular belief , politicians are usually human . 
  some humans and binaries might even say that they do n't get rid of the tsa because they statistically help lower the odds of the incidents you speak of . 
  i guess we found the ... . . spartacus heel ... . . :d, 
  maybe it evolved , just like everything else . 
  read this as `` paper '' ... now i wonder which is worse . 
  their mother is a bagel . 
  hah , never thought of it like that , always thought that was essentially as an `` engineering requirement '' of singing , thus ( in this case ) that it was impossible if not met . 
  been thinking about the overall response for a bit . 
  could it maybe be because we want someone to show that much effort when it comes to our own problems ? 
  since we are anxious and only have one perspective , plus wanting to feel special , we magnify our own problems because we ourselves can feel them ? 
  in a funny way , its like were jealous because we do n't have problems of that magnitude , but we care about other 's problems as our own because that 's who we are , thus have a really high bar we want someone to meet ? 
  your thoughts ? 
  also , thank you for `` humanizing '' teachers for me , though that may sound odd . 
  i think it would be fun to imagine a world where this were an option once you own your house . 
  people would learn quickly when a crime occurs and police officers never showed because they opted out of that expensive tax feature mambo jumbo . 
  which country ? 
  * ours * as in bipedaling ephemerals or those whose tvs pick up fox ? 
  thus , to strike fear into their foes , the terminally ill ( read : poor ) must focus their collective diets on foxes . 
  welp , at least we wo n't have the guilt of fox losing money on our conscience . 
  the country club is not mother , congratulations on win 3 year vacations at siberia !, 
  when is your presidential campaign ? 
  is high noon still the most profitable time for dual duels ? 
  where are you wanting to take him onto ? 
  as campaign director , you managed to meet the direction i envisioned this going in . 
  i director you to keep managing this . 
  i 'm not jesus , hug it out . 
  you were n't wrong as he 'll be running from you , though this is no laughing matter . 
  i was referring to the time of day that two seemingly cultured males would meet under a clock tower to settle disputes ( read : bigger dick contests ) by murdering each other , back in the olden days ( read : before respawns existed ) . 
  though , if you were standing on top of such tower while urinating and talking to oneself about oneself , we were talking about the same act .
