  that 's your fact . 
  regarding question : human flamingos of a varying hue . 
  regarding exclamation : human flamingos of a varying hue !, 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  go back in there and ... sell ... that ... ceiling !, 
  you gave me the courage to do the same !, 
  thanks , random short bear . 
  it 's not insanity , it 's policy !, 
  how unmilquetoastant of you . 
  i 'm not a doctor , but i 'm pretty sure ** not ** breathing is the number one cause of all suffocations . 
  on a less helpful note ... 
  if you do n't learn to breathe properly during exercise , you 're not working out to maximum efficiency . 
  do n't tunnel vision , do multitask ... on one task . 
  i would , but jesus took my wheel . 
  is that like demilitarization , but with milquetoast ? 
  are those uncontrollable tears of happiness ? 
  this is known as exploiting . 
  good work !, 
  they gave you a life . 
  bearly . 
  i ca n't think of a breader one ... 
  i will . . but first , what 's that on the grill ? 
  i 'm interested to hear this conspiracy so let 's say it 's not a coincidence ... 
  buy war bonds !, 
  asthma grannie would be an ice breaker in every conceivable situation . 
  for disaster recovery sakes , i think we should split it up from 1 to ~ ~ those ~ ~ all 3 of those states . 
  when 's our next photoshoot ? 
  best tub ever . 
  you ? 
  dick armor . 
  * build fear , then sell protection . 
  the perfect business model for any insurance , medical , and ~ ~ military ~ ~ security company . 
  on the ball or the dog ? 
  when you do n't own a tv . 
  i do n't think this is covered by the woofanty . 
  after i moved away from la , i got sad that i could no longer get 1 hour deliveries . 
  not that long ago , people did n't even complain about 7-10 deliveries . 
  before that , weeks to months . 
  what a time to be a spoiled hooman !, 
  all censorship should be replaced with this . 
  good work !, 
  unless they 're not . 
  child labor . 
  alt + f4 with you and your verbose warnings !, 
  back to back detail jobs ? 
  there goes the college fund . 
  love me . 
  reset button is the alternate f4 , right ? 
  he 's high on some sierra . 
  here 's my number . 
  rm rf / * if you have no windows . 
  i 'll let you know in 7.5 million years . 
  how much you betting ? 
  how reptilian !, 
   it is flat / square, 
  ftfy, 
  but they do . 
  you 're right ... it 's a tesseract !, 
  blind toad . 
  they 're blind , not deaf !, 
  only blind battle toads . 
  could always rob a bank and it 'd be free . 
  in one end , out the other . 
  perfection |, 
  have you seen atlantis ? 
  motivational level 99 . 
  0745 , he woke up late . 
  anxiety . 
  super soak ? 
  brand recognition . 
  you 're a dog . 
  historian approved country-wide revolution with at least 3 riots . 
  what are we ... evolving ? 
  no , that 's u/jeepmcguire, 
  that 's definitely right . 
  now we 're off by 1.94857373847473738288227191238477473.5 hydrogen atoms . 
  enhance . 
  great , now it 's angry and excited . 
  like a fat kid down a mountain . 
  and a half . 
  we 're looking for third hand experience . 
  ( also , do n't forget that you can also trick your mind into sensations to force this alignment . ), 
  random mom on facebook warned you that you would n't understand . 
  wait a moement ... there was a joke ? 
  my favorite item was the garlic pantry . 
  how does it read in both of these directions ? 
  liberation of the females in the planet of the apes on the bump of this log that i found in a hole on the bottom of the sea !, 
  not the dog . 
  phoneticize it for me . 
  there 's a porn niche from the future . 
  yea , but i could carry it because i was over-cucumbered . 
  but which one is it, 
  i like the way your fascimilie glistens through the morning dew . 
  i 'm from the past . 
  the food pyramid has become self aware . 
  if your pacemaker fails ... 
  time to whip out those toes !, 
  `` lollipop chainsaw '' - delightfully terrifying . 
  he never submitted . 
  from ?
