  her what ? 
  the majestic flipping flop . 
  i have so many unanswered questions now ... 
  john 's, 
  naw , you do n't have to wait . 
  healthcare hypocycloid if you 're a professional . 
  satan is n't even that cruel . 
  you 're versatile , but do n't do anything that hurts and always listen to your body when it goes `` i dont think thats normal '' . 
  i always had the `` scared something is not normal '' mindset because of not knowing anything about our bodies , then started reading [ this ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/ ) awesome gem all the time . 
  now i have logical fears about my body and more . 
  finally , doctors exist for a reason , verify through them too . 
  i accidentally ordered 500 pineapples , so i 'm making a giant cake . 
  iwear - smart helmet . 
  she 's got a purdy mouth . 
  repossessed . 
  it 's a giant brown bear sitting on all natural human manufactured plastic , what 'd you expect ? 
  that scares me to their balls . 
  mine was totally a joke . 
  for example : when dealing with offsets for percision and such in different programming languages , it 's easy to forget ( while reading ) that you are already working on a decimal . 
  this , i figured a lot of other people could relate on the similar issue in varying contexts . 
  however , you method makes a lot of sense and i 'll steal it for that reason it the future . 
  i only ever have to break it apart by 5 per line for sanity when debugging , so no method . 
  anything but mammalian !, 
  banana . 
  though , i still do n't know what i 'm going to do with all these pineapples !, 
  smart border ... ... ... 
  what 's a meme ? 
  what were we doing before ? 
  you 5th precentiles ... 
  [ correct . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/self-replicating_spacecraft ), 
  silly hoomans . 
  go on ... 
  want some of ours ? 
  it 'll . . uhh ... even out your center of gravity ? 
  that 's what surprised me too !, 
  * ... and boom goes the dynamite . 
  sportscasts to never forget . 
  that 's ignorant . 
  `` no , i 'm just a cook in the navy . '', 
  - reddit today, 
  unexpected exception mishandled : was promised an all * integers * , got an all * floats * . 
  you must have experience . 
  i 'm curious to see where this is going ... 
  not to rip this thread , but no one has ryzen up to ... * cringe *, 
  2007 here ... 
  guess how i felt when the iphone came out shortly after i graduated ... ( i had a treo in hs ), 
  you are like the glue to my cores . 
  beamed !, 
  this is why i wrap it twice . 
  i see no relevance , but i like it !, 
   otto, 
  ftfy, 
  with kindness . 
  you ca n't spell mtea without i. 
  you disowned your daughter ? 
  boohoo the dew . 
  idiocracy , the best form of any government . 
  not angry enough , try again . 
  but there 'll be a lot of it !, 
  9th plot twist : unbeknownst to even the writers , the lack of plot twists was a setup to a plot twist supplied by the custodial engineer . 
  they said photoshop , you gimp !, 
  i love `` wait ... what !? '', 
  badgers have no opinions . 
  i 'm content with my 6950x ... though it is completely unnecessary unless you 're a software engineer and gamer . 
  please do n't cause global warming with your chip . 
  thank you in advance and enjoy responsibly . 
  do you do this too ? 
  excellent and congratulations !, 
  the future is now . 
  i appreciate your anger . 
  how generic . 
  a wizard you say ? 
  haul him down the hall , boys !, 
  my brain has bin borked . 
  welp ... turns out i 'm blasto , son of bork . 
  you pig !, 
  in post soviet russia , there is no pipe . 
  i 'm impartial to that username name name . 
  there can only be one in our solar system so ... 
  i like it when you talk dirty ? 
  do n't forget about charming betty 's rollercoaster of likeability . 
  you silly goose , this is an audio clip . 
  you just wanted a lock of her hair , do n't lie . 
  ah , the classic ole mouthing smile !, 
  pretty sure she was banging throughout the whole show . 
  nope , you just hurt its feelings . 
  may i be the lead flutist ? 
  * crochets in latin *, 
  edit : i 'm making eye hats , leave me alone . 
  banging like a biscuit . 
  the trick is to be honest with yourself , but lie to your smaller brains ? 
  super blurry cam ? 
  at least you have texture aliasing !, 
  there 's probably a shader tag getting untagged where a tag should n't be untagged . 
  clear your cache , recompile all of your shaders , and check the shader logs . 
  no no no , that was bill jobs . 
  no you do n't . 
  time to warm it up !, 
  bill 's job was to fix steve 's gate .
