  have an upvote !, 
  hmm ... how many days do you think that would take ? 
  i recently had a chance to check out both ( right as the second one came out ) , and have re-listened to them since . 
  as a software engineer , my response was `` thats how i think '' and `` people laugh at me for this ... yay im not alone '' ... they make me actually feel normal . 
  i hope you 've had a chance to listen to the second one . 
  i will now check out `` red rising '' based on your taste and how highly you put it in comparison . 
  thank you , kind stranger . 
   i do n't care outside of that . 
  i did n't care at all , was just bored . 
  thanks for humoring me , kind stranger . 
  i exist to serve . 
  completely sounds like la. 
  lost no more shall you be !, 
  pineapple , typically tooth comb fuselage . 
  are you married to a translucent dinosaur ? 
  you made mine too , kind stranger . 
  though , i must argue father elmonious looks more shockingly worried than curious . 
  ooo . 
  i would love to see the wedding photos . 
  * sigh * not this fucker . 
  ... are you assuming it 's not common knowledge that orthodox people can read ? 
  what hath you seen on hbo that you hath unseen ? 
  my curiosity is running rampant . 
  i demand an answer !, 
  man , i 'm getting old . 
  what 's next , cats using craigslist ? 
  ... are you assuming i trust dragons ? 
  that sounds video worthy . 
  when did you realize she did n't stand you down ? 
  i can totally relate . 
  man , what are the odds we 'd agree ? 
  feels like one in a finding a cash register on mars or something ... 
  well , technically they maybe should learn to get along and live together as one . 
  ... are you assuming your populous 's trend towards extinction means a comeback is imminent ? 
  that 's a pretty extraliminal way of putting it . 
  how shitliminal of you to say that . 
  only if it has an abysmal-or-better space battle scene . 
  will it have an abysmal-or-better space battle scene ? 
  ... he vehemently corrected the stranger . 
  what a vaguely vicious show of vicarious victory through a very vacant show of varying verbal valences . 
  vroom vroom , all aboard the voluptuary verbage vehicle !, 
  ty for vividly vocalizing the vacatedness of vocabutorial wang in my verse , you verbal vixen . 
  remember , remember , the 19 of may-a month not end with ember . 
  the net neutrality treason and plot . 
  i know of no reason . 
  why any net neutrality treason, 
  should ever be forgot !, 
  guy fawkes and his companions, 
  did the scheme contrive ,, 
  their dumb plan to defy left them, 
  all but alive . 
  threescore life sentences , laid below bubba ,, 
  to prove old england 's overthrow . 
  but , by some dude 's providence , him they catch ,, 
  with a public wifi pass , fapping a lot !, 
  a stick and a stake, 
  for no existing king 's sake !, 
  if you wo n't gild him once ,, 
  i 'll take two ,, 
  the better for me ,, 
  and the worse for you . 
  a rope , a trope , to tickle my elmo ,, 
  a penn ` orth of cheese to choke him ,, 
  a pint of beer to wash him down ,, 
  and a jolly good fire to burn him . 
  holloa , boys !, 
  holloa , boys !, 
  make the bells ring !, 
  holloa , boys !, 
  holloa boys !, 
  some dude save no king !, 
  hip , hip , hooor-r-r-wait ... too much work , under advisement but meh . 
  ignoring the fact i never answered and focusing on the fact you never showed , i choose to believe the valet was the better of the two . 
  good day . 
  your observational skills defy you . 
  i advise you to have your eyes tinkered with - for maximum increase in said observatory department . 
  if i make you cry , does that count as tinkle ? 
  you have just explained the mystery to how serial killers come to be . 
  their devil would not be pleased with your tone . 
  if this has ever been an issue , have you considered putting a cork in it ? 
  i believe your statement is seemingly true . 
  * what the fuck . 
  challenge accepted ? 
  assuming this happens at least once an hour , how do we hop back on ops topic with the conversation ? 
  is this you channeling your sourness from not owning a boat ? 
  * `` it 's an aeronautical machine . 
  people 's lives depend on it . 
  it has to function properly and that 's what it costs , to make a balloon '' *, 
  ca n't argue with logic . 
  if you want to get technical , people experiment with uranium . 
  though , when i put it that way , i guess op 's story shock factor gets negated away . 
  thus , sticking with the nature of experimenting ... op , what was your hypothesis and did it turn out correct ? 
  if video games have taught us anything as a species , horses lack buoyancy . 
  i agree , for aether floats my boat . 
  ... are you saying something about being on your high horse ? 
  i do knot get it ... 
  chocolate , grandma , or strawberry flavored ? 
  grandma flavored it is !, 
  your pen-name hath left me betwixed . 
  to answer your question , absinthe and opium would be the cheapest route out of the ones you offer .
