  this is why i 've owned samsung notes over the years . 
  whenever i 'm listening to audio books , i quickly write down new vocabulary and quotes i enjoy . 
  i like your brain . 
  we should be friends , for you 're too kind , fellow bipedaling baboon . 
  ms. google assistant . 
  me too , let 's hug it out to be safe ? 
  it fascinates me that you both have that reaction to prednisone . 
  til [ that 's a thing . 
  ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=prednisone%20anxiety ), 
  i 'm about to have my 4th depolypization in a few weeks , so starting that again soon . 
  i 'll make sure to keep an eye out for this . 
  do you visualize a memory connected to that smell ? 
  are you a curtain ? 
  i know very little about these majestic beings . 
  how do they act when they 're social ? 
  are you saying i should invest in curtains for my curtains ? 
  your response intrigues me . 
  how curious are they normally ? 
  how curious is she in comparison to her fellow gang members ? 
  * i did n't know they stacked shit that high . 
  i was in 7th grade when you were born . 
  that 's weird . 
  i grew up in ny . 
  still have pictures that have the towers in the background from when i 'd visit the city . 
  feels weird seeing them . 
  went to see the memorial site after it first opened , that was filled with weird uneasiness . 
  i 've been to pearl harbor and it was almost impossible to imagine anything ever happened there . 
  it 's so peaceful and quiet . 
  why do you think pearl harbor seems more real to you ? 
  * 3d ether space . 
  * the mtu is variable , and paradoxically , generally increases with increased carrier age . 
  * a typical mtu is 256 milligrams . 
  i see no issues here . 
  ship it and test it on prod . 
  good build , i 'm proud . 
  questions , for science . 
  * why amd cpu and nvidia gpu ? 
  * why did you choose a 1080 over 1080 ti with that high of a budget ? 
  * have you checked out r/ayymd and r/nvidiots ? 
  thanks for the write up . 
  was just starting to search for another cpu and mobo when you posted this . 
  how am i not hitting 80 mhs on my two tis ? 
  i 'm currently sitting at 44-48 combined , shows 40-60 on pool stats ( peaked at 70 once ) . 
  any ideas what i may have missed ? 
  using the one from the sigt site , running on stock setting on [ these ] ( https://www.evga.com/products/product.aspx?pn=11g-p4-6593-kr ) . 
  thanks a ton . 
  when i can sit up and think again ( after surgery in a few weeks ) , i 'll also be sure to contribute to some sigt mining repos . 
   because i 'll be running a lot of multithreading applications for learning purposes, 
  pretty cool investor . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  you 're not wrong in any way . 
  why woof we do that ? 
  the best handling car in midtown madness was one i downloaded . 
  took me over 5 hours on 56k . 
  it was the blues brothers mobile . 
  so what you 're saying is someone ca n't simultaneously be awesome and blind ? 
  edit : it 's funny how so many people have negative inner monologues . 
  i was just setting this up for daredevil comments , which successfully appeared . 
  in a staring contest , the sun always wins . 
  i 'm anosmic ( no sense of smell ) and i like to believe someone who is blind finds it humorous when someone freaks out about their lack of sense . 
  ex : `` check out how good this sme ... omg im so sorry , i forgot you ca n't smell ! '', 
  sounds like an actual name !, 
  post what you have ( aside from login info ) and we can help you help yourself . 
  the crowbar chronicles : life and a half . 
  the world was n't ready -- thanks vr . 
  can i go yet ? 
  but if you were to record yourself ~ ~ reading ~ ~ speaking your own written words and then listen to it , you would n't sound like your own inner monologue . 
  you hear yourself differently than you actually sound because you 're connected to the vibrating thing that creates the sound ( your head and trunk ) , rather than just receive . 
  whenever my nasal polyps are at full bloom and i hear a recording of me speaking , this magnifies the effect because of the ungodly pressure . 
  result ? 
  i do n't recognize my own voice at all . 
  source : my life . 
  does n't sound crazy if you do it using morgan freeman 's voice . 
  also , i know you were referring to that , i just added onto your thought . 
  i 'm optimistic about sigt . 
  still a new coin but i believe the community is organized and their programmers are solid . 
  at its current state and duration of existence , it 's way ahead of any other coin i 've actively followed . 
  \u0298 \u203f \u0298, 
  poetically , the posterior atlanooccipital membrane neighboring the coccyx region ? 
   he knows how to humble, 
  ephemerally-present me is wondering why all the soup hats have scorch marks . 
  that 's a useful diatribe . 
  ... their google-fu might not be as strong and they might be seeking help from someone who 's better at it than they are . 
  hive mind does have its advantages . 
  also , you might need a hug . 
  that 's what hugs are for !, 
  now ... what 's really troubling you ? 
  vent it out . 
  why are you worried about venusian vectors ? 
  \u0298 \u203f \u0298, 
  in addition of this debauchery , i believe they misused the term `` ransom '' . 
  what did they claim you were holding hostage / prisoner ? 
  dear god ... its self aware !, 
  * unplugs and throws out window . 
  elaborate . 
  no issues on my end . 
  how / where are you mining ? 
  rock still wins . 
  oh . . yea , in my experience , it was always like that there . 
  other sigt pools bring in a ton more for me .
