  what is wrong with you ? 
  what do you think the point of subscribing to a channel is ? 
  ~ ~ one of us is out of the loop here ... ~ ~, 
  edit : i 'm out of the loop . 
  approximately 4 bisons and 387k lifetimes worth of food . 
  we close in 25 minutes , dig in !, 
  so essentially you 'd rather have a staggered release of 70 videos ? 
  i can see that . 
  i personally prefer not being forced to watch anything for any amount of time and not waste time skipping what does n't interest me . 
  yay for opinions . 
  welp , i 'm getting old ? 
  my thoughts exactly !, 
  i agree on your not-speculative points . 
  it was a spam train since inception , so i did n't know anyone ever legitimately used it . 
  that design idea makes me think of something along the lines of netflix-unity asset store notification baby mix ? 
  . . that is , if you could get notifications for pubs/actors/studios ? 
  if so , i agree , that sounds very useful . 
  does your comment come in audio format ? 
  i do n't read . 
  ( with seriousness , thanks for tldr . ), 
  care to comically romanticize your encounter with a cool person ? 
  it 's the only way i can continue to live vicariously . 
  you might need to work on the pr . 
  other than that , i 'm meowed . 
  thanks for making me feel warm and fuzzy . 
  how fortunate . 
  maybe you should ask you . 
  * puts on hypervisor *, 
  you 'd compress your significant other to an insignificant other , or iso format . 
  perfect explanation of compression achieved . 
  little plane , big mistake . 
  edit : adding clear define of sarcasm usage . 
  i do n't combrehend . 
  idk , what 's your stance ? 
  the proper term is `` obituary '' . 
  i , too , am just jealous . 
  i believe that could be anxiety , but i 'm a software engineer so wtf do i know . 
  because all kids are men . 
  behind the back, 
  any upgrade without an io crash from importer changes is a victory in my book . 
  this looks like a great victory with minor inconveniences !, 
  what better shape is there to celebrate all this excitement !, 
  is it really that depressing to own an iphone ? 
  i was totally just being a smart ass \u1555 ( \u141b ) \u1557, 
  all eatuary . 
  sure it was n't doctor nick ? 
  because it 's fun to see how people react . 
  < serious  though , most people believe a pizza entails crappy ingredients with crappy quality everything on it and a trash bag full of chicken wings . 
  < / serious  jesus on a casserole ... 
  and, 
  maybe that one was one cute manatee . 
  we could never forget about your axe . 
  4 ' dude lifting 7 ' dude ? 
  now it 's a party . 
  a metal box on a really expensive train track . 
  did n't meadows go extinct in the 22nd century , grandpa ? 
  that 's one smug looking ewok . 
  props on proper shadowing technique . 
  the plague ai n't gon na spread itself . 
  is this how all your habits begin ? 
  well that was pleasantly unexpected . 
  you 're obviously next . 
  teached . 
  remember jack ? 
  such a human . 
  inevitably eroded . 
  uncomfortably relaxing . 
  ya know ... net hostility would have a special ring to it . 
  i give this 4 woofs and 3 paws . 
  [ same conversation , different context . 
  ] ( http://explosm.net/rcg/yigrzsrfc ), 
  would it be more feasible to put human blood into an ape if it needed it ( transfuse ? 
  ) , or is it exactly the same issue ? 
  ( i mostly about machine things , sorry if sounds silly . ), 
  have you ever had a dollar slice , or any sort of pizza , outside of ( or inside of , depending where you hail from ) new york ? 
  period space space space period enter enter underscore underscore underscore underscore dash backspace underscore, 
  they did n't have the ultimate package so they could n't access this list . 
  you borked your bark , broke bork . 
  shtbrd, 
  how high were you when you wrote this ? 
  y' all forgot the [ opera ] ( https://addons.opera.com/en-gb/extensions/details/reddit-enhancement-suite-2/ ) . 
  * ... i would n't know though ... 
  i just know ... *, 
  belly laugh accomplished . 
  now live , damn you !, 
  missing ? 
  nope . 
  to the hills !, 
  i 'm game , as long as i can review the source code before using . 
  i 'm not going to lick you . 
  i 'll show you my semaphore if you show me yours . 
  ... but what are they looking at ? 
  has anyone ever tried banning death ? 
  maybe til how to be immortal !, 
  go beam yourself . 
  welp , back to the drawing board . 
  ... turns out we 're gon na need a bigger board . 
  now kiss . 
  i suggest pie graphs and cookie charts !, 
  / s ^ m ^ o ^ i ^ s ^ t ^ l ^ y,
