  do n't forget though ... for anyone who has actually done this , it 's easier said than done . 
  though , it 's like a fat kid rolling down a mountain , once you start down the right path , there 's no stopping you . 
  when you find a nice ramp , use that active energy to soar . 
  what do you take into account when you classify it as perfect ? 
  please elaborate on why you disagree . 
  almost intriguing , although inconvenient among incessant anti-innovators . 
  what do you dislike about it ? 
  what does `` make it '' mean to you ? 
  til : physical libraries have evolved ... 
  i assumed libraries just went digital and offered freely online . 
  aside from human contact and being able to physically touch the items in question , what else am i missing out on by never leaving my house and constantly learning everything from what libraries offer online ? 
  the more money you make , the more money you spend by :, 
  - knowing more people because some people have emergencies and others will want your money . 
  the more acquaintances , the more this goes up . 
  - having more investments to maintain . 
  - doing more random stupid shit you do while growing as a person ( partying and etc. ), 
  because you feel the more you earn , the more you should relax with it . 
  - increasing your own level of lifestyle . 
  - ... you get the picture . 
  out of curiosity , when you 're on your deathbed in xx years , what do you think is going to matter to you ... bank accounts or hearing someone say you changed their entire life in a positive way because one of your songs was exactly what they needed to get through the biggest hardship in their life ? 
  since you consciously realize how good you have it now , does n't that make you take it less for granted and make you more cautious when making decisions that could make it no longer be ? 
  are n't you making that cash right now only so you can safely secure yourself in , eventually , 50-60 years ? 
  what if by not focusing so much on cash would make you directly responsible for ensuring that xx people would live better lives because they heard your work and felt less pain . 
  would you then not be doing harm to someone , who could n't afford your work , by earning some cash ? 
  oh my , what big hands you must have . 
  if it takes up most of your time and survival is your goal ( as is for everything ephemeral and organic ) , why you not then focus the remainder of your time on improving your situation in the long run ? 
  if you living a better life is the outcome and having your offsprings ( and theirs and etc ) in return live better lives because you chased those dreams , would they still in fact be silly ? 
  it makes me incredibly sad to see silly be used to describe realistic , although incredibly difficult , goals . 
  if my dream was to be fire or a tree , i would deem that as silly . 
  if my dream was to improve a situation which was deemed as less than optimal by reasonable people , i would not deem that as silly in any way . 
  to lighten the mood by wording it humorously , logical-blasto would encourage the living fuck into emotional-blasto by making him anxious that he will `` miss out '' if he did n't do it because `` missing out '' is his biggest anxiety and anxiety motivates him . 
  if gorilla ~ ~ i ~ ~ in this scenario is man and the poster purchased `` gorilla '' meat , was the poster confessing to standing in line at the local hospital mortuary and purchasing parts of someone 's recently deceased loved ( or hated ) one ? 
  maybe you 're bored from the lack of challenge you face now compared to what you felt while getting to where you are today ? 
  since each new thing you learned opened the door to three new things to conquer , would it not be expected that you panic ( not sure of word ) when you open a door to only find the end of a hallway when you 've always been met with more doors on this path until now ? 
  side question , which medium ? 
  that was my first thought . 
  i like your brain . 
  if we are both ever in an alternative reality where zombies roam and i am infected by one , ** beware ** . 
  can i interest you in this cantaloupe ? 
  so ... is equidae submission ~ ~ is ~ ~ a fetish of yours or are you a clever keyboardist ? 
  though , in your world , before . 
  but ... do we ? 
  you 're such a * cock * . 
  fwiw , i 'm using you as a part of my own personal sanity check . 
  i appreciate you as you make me feel normal because we are both totally sane ... . or insane , but at least we 're not alone . 
  anyway , i feel you just explained the reason for your anxiety in your second paragraph . 
  to spell it out clearly , which i believe you 'll realize in a few months yourself ( similar thing happened to me recently ) , its because for some reason you do n't consciously realize you 're stressed yet from currently going through a life changing thing . 
  at least that 's how it was for me recently , so maybe this could be helpful to you , because i feel it would 've been for me then . 
  side note : i use music as a primary thing to help cope with my anxiety . 
  i also have repeating nasal polyps . 
  thus , i could never ever be a singer in the past + foreseeable future . 
  i honestly see you as a superhero because how amazing vocals make me feel and it 's something i 'm incapable of doing . 
  way to be cool . 
  vectors either store position in 2/3/4d space or are used to hold values when something does n't warrant it 's own object . 
  i think this is something we all understand pretty early on . 
  i feel the best democratic way to understand quaternions is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quaternion, 
  the most stimulating way i found to understand / learn quaternions is via technical scifi , personally preferable for this is using audible . 
  if you really want to get in depth , i have found purdue 's website to be unbelievably amazing at offering everything you seem to be looking for in compsci , and additionally using cuda to help you became bad ass . 
  publicly available university stuff ftw . 
  if you 're not ready to get in depth because this does n't interest you that much , just use quaternions.eulerangles since it 's easily understandable . 
  thank you for being useful , bot . 
  i appreciate you and your creator ( s ) . 
  i ca n't breathe through my nose . 
  from my understanding , this is basically the base fundamental necessity for being able to sing without passing out from lack of oxygen . 
  am i mistaken ? 
  also , love your attitude about this because you could n't be more right about the message you 're conveying . 
  when my nasal polyps became bad before the first of my multiple surgeries , i had to spend a few months to learn how to make my voice not sound like a ... nasal nerd ? 
  15 years later ( i 'm 28 ) , still an anxiety of mine . 
  how do i cope with this ? 
  google auto records anytime you do a voice search . 
  as a side note , it was eye opening to me when i first stumbled upon this because i never knew there 's so much you can learn from the tone of someone 's voice , which i believe is something that 's a given to you since you seem very knowledgeable in your passion . 
  finally , given my dumb humor ... 
  i find it hysterical how you help people deal with the biggest anxieties but you yourself ca n't figure your own out . 
  i do the same thing , thus once again you make me feel normal . 
  to be totally correct , people have always been treated everywhere in accordance to the size of their bank account . 
  in my opinion , the best time in history to have been poor is either now or before the invent of trade . 
  meritocracies breed both innovation and inequality . 
  without this , i 'd argue that we could n't and would n't be where we are today . 
  though , i feel there must be a better way because i agree , it really is sad . 
  thank you for the nostalgia , this reminds me that i was once a child and would hear this during commercials when judge judy was on . 
  feels like this was lifetimes ago ... hooray for stupid anxiety . 
  something that constantly blows my mind , which i believe is not well known because no one i said this to knew this , is just how much disney and pixar have contributed to computing . 
  almost every single 3d rendering concept that has existed since the 60s ( aka since computing basically ) has in some way been made possible or improved by these two companies . 
  but if we continue to breed innovation ( as the alternative would kill it ) and we get to the point of , i only say this because i see you keep an open mind , immortality ... would it then be worth it if human death and pain no longer existed ? 
  ... what is a skill that has taken you 30 years to learn ? 
  randomly curious : for anyone who does n't know the technical definiton of * unlocking * , what do you think it means ( without looking it up ) ? 
  whoa . 
  in your case , maybe you are just tired and forgot how to relax ? 
  what else do you have going on in your life if you work so much ? 
  what do you do in your `` me '' time ? 
  good point , i believe you could n't be more right . 
  though , upon even further reflection , i think this will yield `` good enough '' results to satisfy my casual curiosity . 
  correct , for pretty women are out and insane grandfathers are in . 
  if you ever listen / read scifi , you should check out arthur c. clarke . 
  he wrote a ( imo ) phenomenal story about this . 
  excellent , i 'll get the flowers then . 
  ... you bought them from me . 
  i 've spent the past six months solely working my way through ( as much as i can of ) everything that has ever existed in the digital compression world . 
  during this time , i 've been humoring the idea of going swapping into medical imaging-esque because `` how can i use my math/data skills to help people '' instead of `` making others money '' . 
  thank you for sharing your path , it 's helpful to my current inner-struggle .
