  serenade me gently . 
  you do n't wan na know what else it did while we made that delayed prediction . 
  i 've had anosmia ( the broad medical term for it ) for about 15 years following first of many nasal polyp removals throughout the years . 
  it 's a super power that doubles as a mild achilles ' heel . 
  ultimately , we anosmiacs use our power for evil and self gain . 
  we also have our own subreddit . 
  be jelly . 
  actually , i do believe it is technically the wild east . 
  unless you mean it 's so poetically crazy there that even sir chronos gets confused when zoning . 
  with a name like that , how can someone not take you overly seriously ? 
  in this loving relationship , which one of you ends up with a broom in their ass ? 
  yea , sure , y not ? 
  is the broom a horse ? 
  you clearly forgot to label your zzz axis . 
  unless he was drinking coke zero . 
  lol.jpg for i agree . 
  space agencies put module source code on their public ftps for things floating in space ... space ... fucking space ... 
  yet most feel the need to spend hundreds , even thousands , of hours creating obfuscating solutions . 
  how special * your * closureless nested for loops must be . 
  ... are you arguing with yourself ? 
  thank you for providing me with a much needed belly laugh . 
  back to the serious business at hand , i demand that you take me to your ( their ? ), 
  leader as much business need be discussed . 
  that is , assuming that you are not psychically interconnected with the other found , which might actually be the case given your usage of multiple self entities existing ... 
  * overheats *, 
  subject a celebrates a moment in time ( self existence ) by ingesting substances with no positive nutritional value , commonly referred to as getting extremely shit faced , an engages in risky behaviour because they believe they 're immortal . 
  subject a complains about not having enough likes on their last tweet regarding not having enough likes enough likes on their last tweet regarding not having enough likes on their last tweet regarding not having enough retwats on their twatter , loathing everything . 
  subject b celebrates a moment in time ( self existence ) by ringing a bell and living . 
  subject b complains about nothing , enjoying everything . 
  subject c was misplaced during transportation following budgetary cuts which were aimed at lowering employee morale to maintain the average mean norm index of willful happiness . 
  while my job is still safe because i 'm a mission critical employee , no further analysis possible as analyst was misplaced following abrupt budg, 
  if we cease to exist today , i hope this stays on top so future species can go '' ... that 's why the humans has left the race . '', 
  a toy soldier asks a man for his attention . 
  just when you think you 've seen it all ... what 's next ? 
  talking dinosaurs ? 
  you have anxiety that others anxiety will lead to eventual doom when someone has an actual emergency because ... there is an ambulance shortage silently sweeping our nation ** or ** you never realized you think this because anxiety has you by your balls/cooch/cores and no one ever pointed that out to you , thus you continue feeling impending doom because you feel it and even embrace it but do n't question it because some shitty feeling ( named anxiety ) ensues and you may soon convince yourself that you have gone completely insane . 
  here 's a fun simple question ... what do you do when you relax ? 
  also , i find your claims of asses existing as conscious beings who wear hats to be absolutely absurd and out of this world . 
  i approve . 
  ... we focus on the hardships of software design in the modern prison . 
  must 've never traveled by wire . 
  great advice . 
  next time i get stabbed or shot or have a heart attack , i 'll use uber because this event is not statistically impossible and not the norm , thus better !, 
  disclaimer :, 
  - not great advice . 
  - ambulance drivers have less anxiety than uber drivers , thus will get you there at the safest time for everyone . 
  - questionably am real human ? 
  sorry , but you can do more . 
  you can send a rover to take pictures ( in real life , like right now , really ) and then build a quick vr app . 
  thus , there but feel less gravity and have air ( both feelings can be rectified although recommend against ) . 
  then , you can help figure out a way to actually be there in person instead because reality requires less effort than simulating said reality . 
  welcome to real life and let me know if you have a spaceship and are in need of a software engineer , pretty please . 
  gee golly , so do you !, 
  * worship ensues *, 
  you 're right , it 's not feasible for a solid object to soar through a gas and autonomously snap pictures . 
  how silly of me , thanks for keeping me grounded . 
  edit : adding / s for clarity . 
  to date , any rovers i know of that we made are land-bound explorers . 
  on this we can agree . 
  though , there 's nothing that states those are the bounds of a rover . 
  a rover is an explorer . 
  we first explore places like ours , where sitting still uses less energy than soaring , thus easier . 
  if we go to a place with active gases , there 's energy in these moving gases . 
  why not tap in and use those gases to our advantage ? 
  thus , aerodynamics / gas dynamics . 
  i have n't done the math but i see this as a why would n't we automatically do this . 
  do you disagree ? 
  if so , why ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  in closing , with rove meaning to explore , kinda like roam and/or scout , what says you ca n't have a rover that travels through volumes of gas ? 
  no one has shown me anything that says i 'm not right . 
  if i believe i am right and i argue by asking someone to show me where i went wrong or misunderstood , why would you tell me to stop ? 
  i believe you may have mistaken my disagreement and inquiry with me arguing . 
  though , if it makes us both feel better , ok and we can agree to disagree . 
  another good samaritan may come around and have an inner monologue that does n't make my words sound confrontational to them . 
  i completely agree with everything you said and that 's exactly why i disagree so strongly , fellow creature of habit who seeks comfort . 
  so , for the sake of post curiosity , what would you call it if it were up to you to name it ? 
  if you say drone , i 'll kick you in the shin . 
  wings sold separately . 
  make your boss realize anxiety and selfishness is making him falsely believe that cutting xx % on cost has no downsides , but instead is full of rainbows and sunshines , especially when you believe it yourself . 
  also , let me know how that goes for you . 
  idk , lost too much blood while waiting in this ambulance , and thus you taste purple . 
  i apologise . 
  * y' all . 
  better ? 
  you 're on fire , so yes . 
  please elaborate . 
  wanted to make sure this was what you meant as you could have meant lots that gets lost without tone . 
  for good syntactical closure , i wholeheartedly agree because this happened to me and i had once thought these same words . 
  thus , i hope you believe me when i say that you too can do this and you do n't have to ( really should n't ) just wish , fellow programmer . 
  that 's no potato , that 's a fully operational piece of thermite !, 
  til hitler is most known for zip tying his cables . 
  brittanica , you missed one . 
  also , ace you mad because you would like a hug , or is your computer not working and you already pissed off your it department so you 're looking for help here ? 
  i ca n't not breathe, 
  not a vet here . 
  my training leads me to believe that is a cat . 
  sweet . 
  if for some reason you remember this , let me know how it goes as i 'm sure it will be motivating and we can always use that . 
  i originally wanted to learn how to model because i wanted to make scifi environments/space ships/etc .
