  chest twerk . 
  sham wow . 
  i 'm allergic to daisies but i approve of not deathing . 
  carry on . 
  what 's your second favorite ? 
  is that how scientists go on strike ? 
  you just birthed a conspiracy theory . 
  how do you feel ? 
  i marathoned spaced a few times . 
  am confused , please advise . 
  confirmed . 
  false . 
  it 's so hot , you die twice . 
  wait until you hear about death valley ... 
  ~ ~ i have no friends , cheater . ~ ~ \u10da ( \u0ca0\u76ca\u0ca0\u10da ), 
  edit : i have one friend , he 's a doctor , but he ca n't talk . 
  game on . 
  i see no rings , thus you must clearly be correct . 
  good eye . 
  data plz, 
  moar fabric !, 
  thank you , that 's very interesting . 
  turns out a paddle boat might be a better investment for my budget range . 
  true . 
  * friend request accepted . 
  how are you at catching tables ? 
  glad i 'm not a curious bird in arkansas . 
  the thought of this as an audio book terrifies me . 
  define `` great '' . 
  ... please tell me a chicken house is not what i think a chicken house is . 
  catching , not flipping . 
  can you anke ? 
  belly laugh accomplished , good day . 
  ... ~ ~ yes ? ~ ~ no ? 
  see definition # 2 . 
  depends , do you have crabs ? 
  reddit taught me people made pyramids out of human skulls . 
  thus , this would not surprise me but would still terrify me . 
  we confused me . 
  i did n't want this to get fishy . 
  what do you propose ? 
  thank you for literal define . 
  ~ ~ sill ~ ~ still terrified . 
  weird . 
  the mere thought turned my hair white . 
  could just be hungry . 
  i do this , but i ca n't smell . 
  is this still okay ? 
  ear books taste better, 
  ask my army of febreeze plugins because i have no flipping idea . 
  that 's ben afleck , do n't confuse him with ben affleck or the aflac duck . 
  seems legit . 
  is it too late to ask you to do this to my bentley and butler as well ? 
  someone 's got ta do it . 
  i meant butler 's , an in bentley that belongs to my butler . 
  that was lover 's quarry . 
  that 's just what he uses when he gets tired of one of his veyrons . 
  there 's only so many minutes you can stand being pictured by the paparazzi in one color . 
  i 'm sure you can relate . 
  did you try talking to them , mr. social officer sir ? 
  a walt disney production . 
  nope , this is reddit . 
  are you lost again ? 
  only thing i can come up with is `` cool , you 're not dead '' maybe ? 
  how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck tomatoes ? 
  prove it . 
  random thought ... what happens if your birth certificate gets typed by someone who left their caps lock on ? 
  pepsi ? 
  i laughed way too hard at this and then realized that this might not be a bad investment idea . 
  after all , the worst case is that you have a mansion on a hill with an oceanside view . 
  there 's something about you that i do n't trust ... 
  but what if the first letter in each name was lower case , followed by all upper ? 
  that 's like being sadly happy ? 
  i was failing to be clever . 
  show your work . 
  is that like boxing your own shadow , but louder ? 
  that sounds shitty , no pun intended . 
  still makes me laugh . 
  ~ ~ it ~ ~ in an unexpected turn of events during a fight on the streets of reddit , nothing happened . 
  tune in next week for weather . 
  if this were in front of an orchestra , would it then be a musical orgy ? 
  venusian broadcasting company . 
  yup , there goes the extra world wide wealth worth web . 
  those goons . 
  are you a dance ? 
  are you looking for the delicatessen ? 
  agreed , but never underestimate the pure power of ( for example ) arm chips . 
  one of the reasons mobile is so far behind in because it 's so much easier to not make things properly ( not use the core tools provided with your hardware ) and quick money is the sole driving force behind most studios . 
  thus yay for self motivated devs and hardware manufacturers who offer great documentation . 
  the delicatessen wagon ? 
  i have no opinion on this matter . 
  there 's my 2 cents . 
  are you a discount fruit loop ? 
  how was that piece of knowledge already in your brain ? 
  ah , the classic `` tomato-uranium '' mix up . 
  thank you for the correction . 
  damn it , fred . 
  seriously !? 
  this never even crossed my mind before . 
  * overly dramatic gasp *,
