  science . 
  for $ 5 a month , we 'll let you be free . 
  her name is walt . 
  would n't that be a trident ? 
  it 's always friday somewhere . 
  we need hats . 
  i get excited about pictures of rocks that are far away . 
  now you can learn about the multi-masturberse theory . 
  wherewolf weres . 
  does that make you an incomplete . 
  especially soap . 
  this is silly . 
  why do n't we just stay pragmatic and use a force field ? 
  creating jobs ... 
  i like it !, 
  that 's why you use more than one . 
  are any of them politely described by their fatnicity ? 
  there 's a trillion dollars idea !, 
  to add , ~ ~ to ~ ~ how do you feel about putting out bees ? 
  ultimate rollercoaster . 
  good bye , mr. juice . 
  ... can i have a space ship ? 
  great , now i 'm hungry . 
  you are one wise marshmallow . 
  would n't that make them a super human , or just a normal dolphin ? 
  we must go deeper . 
  do side effects include dreaming ? 
  that sounds fishy . 
  that is just gosh darn funny . 
  wan na cuddle and make it extra gosh darn funny ? 
  ( setting up an exergonic joke . ), 
  * the word you 've entered is n't in the dictionary . 
  click on a spelling suggestion below or try again using the search bar above . 
  i see . 
  now i wonder ... how often does this happen with condoms ? 
  please note that `` testicles '' is in the top 10 of the `` did you mean ... '' on that search . 
  i checked a few , could n't find it any . 
  i can make assumptions to definition . 
  assuming this word has a definition and you 're not insane , overlooking that sanity is irrelevant in this context , what does it mean ? 
  did something totally go over my head and i 'm still confused ? 
  yay i got that joke . 
  turns out i could have assumed . 
  thank you for a good definition . 
  i also see what you , and the little green men around you , secretly did there with psychosis . 
  in conclusion , * high five * . 
  * takes subject away to an all inclusive 7 fortnight venusian sanatorium cruise *, 
  * viciously thrusts hips *, 
  did they wear matching hats and/or socks ? 
  i love how you put designing in quotes . 
  our brains think alike ( for better or for worse ) . 
  what have you made ? 
  well ... everyone knows you ca n't be in a cult unless you wear matching socks . 
  it 's how they tell each other apart . 
  source : cults for dummies , probably . 
  til i 'm lucky to be a male while having no sense of smell . 
  if i were a female and ever misplaced something in my body , that 'd be very bad news bears . 
  too crowded ? 
  good joke , as if anyone ever bought the zune outside of commercials . 
  now it 's a party . 
  i never had one so i 'm just jealous . 
  wait ... why does it move so quickly ? 
  logic checks out . 
  do you need a cape ? 
  anosmiacs are like mew-twos . 
  nothing suspicious about it . 
  * shifts eyes suspiciously *, 
  i agree with you , kind stranger . 
  we 're not lonely , we have each other , fellow bipedaling baboon . 
  i started doing that ... 
  surprised the fuck out of me that people do n't downvote the crap out of me . 
  made me realize that i might be a bit too hard on myself and many lurkers must be the same way . 
  you 're just jealous . 
  source : am very mildly , but nevertheless , jealous . 
  well ... now i 'm onto you being onto me ... so ha !, 
  space age technology . 
  * sitting all over the sidewalk * is a commonly known and respected ritual . 
  it has been performed for generations and i 'm offended you never heard of this before . 
  then again , none of that is true so good job on properly correcting someone , thus making me ~ ~ jelly ~ ~ envious-elly . 
  do n't forget to thermoregulate . 
  now you can spend some time figuring out how that concept is not the very definition of `` conflict of interest '' and such . 
  i agree . 
  glad you did n't cringe too hard !, 
  i do n't think anyone 's inner monologue can wrongly misinterpret a comment as aggressive / sarcastic if it contains gems like `` bad news bears '' , `` bipedalist '' , `` jelly '' , etc. . . 
  but if they do , their passionate arguments ( reddit history ) must be hilarious . 
  bipedaling baboons bore best by bearing beautiful , but benevolent , big black holes . 
  edit : damn it , i keep picturing a gorilla on a unicycle , blowing bubbles , riding backwards . 
  soon . 
  have you tried tripedaling ? 
  unless you 're a vertically challenged male , it 's improbably possible and probably painful !, 
  i did n't bring pockets to this symposium , but thank you !, 
  i have autocorrect and i 'm afraid to lose it ? 
  ( totally meant envious , thanks for correction * facepalm * ), 
  belly laugh achieved , get on my back and point . 
  your name is phenomenal . 
  cortana , google assistant lady , and siri can each fix this organic imperfection . 
  - you can fix your hairy ass dilemma with a razor , but i do n't think anyone worthy will mind either way . 
  - typical aristocratic worries are best left to the hairless wrinkly ones , but good on you for having a long term plan at such a ripe age . 
  have you tried any mercurian moisturizers ? 
  i told you not to talk about alexa . 
  i 'm trying to figure out why you would n't do that in this situation .
