  anyway , what happened from your point of view ? 
  it is a satirical dutch movie with humour similar to south park , the farmer explains he got the weapons in exchange for the jews hiding in the shed , adding he got the jacket from goebbels . 
  i 'm actually impressed the eu is pushing this through and i fully support it , this kind of thing would have probably never worked in the un . 
  or maybe more like this . 
  maybe unhabitable mountain regions like this ? 
  maybe peter persoon should work on his pronunciation ... 
  interesting , thanks for explaining . 
  i can understand why someone would downvote your orginial comment but this one seems a bit silly , so i 'll up it . 
  what 's the us of the us ? 
  why ? 
  yeah i went to bled too , and it easly beat annecy which for some reason is much more famous , it was really cool and a shame we did n't stay longer . 
  yeah . 
  i 've already got it here , and with media hint i cam acces everything so i really like it . 
  nobody , that 's the thing , continents do n't really exist . 
  geographically they sometimes divide countries , there are arguments where the lines are , how many there are and how they are called and from a tectonic point of view it 's complete bullshit . 
  well thats commonly accepted , officially europe as a continent does n't exist . 
   without a meter of snow  barely any snow fell  norway lol, 
  indeed , it is one of the weaker points of international governing bodies , it 's the same with the un . 
  no , the eu is democratic so making decisions takes longer . 
  indeed , except for you of course . 
  i 'm rascist as well because i 'm in this sub . 
  fuck black people . 
  of course noone is claiming america 's lap dog has done something wrong , but that does n't mean they did n't . 
  they do that , they just literally have too much money and investing more in africa would be plain silly , because succesful charity is n't just money . 
   greece  buying luxury items instead of paying of debts, 
  most people here drink brown water with some milk , but i ca n't stand the taste of weak coffee , nor too strong coffee so every cup that is n't made by the machine at our home pretty much certainly makes me gag . 
  you 're missing something non-existent ? 
  i did n't know our food was this bad . 
  dutch comedian explains how we do well on some lists but bad on others , in which we are below finland . 
  he then invites some fact checkers in who find out why and also disprove a lot of his arguments . 
  this was a the new years conference on national tv . 
  then why is this story special ? 
  that you should change your political views ? 
  you 're quite active today are n't you adi ? 
  i 'm not very good at this . 
  i ate bejgli with nuts on holiday and it literally made me puke . 
  the rest was okay though :p . 
  i think you mean linked ? 
  that makes more sense . 
  that 's a really really mean comeback dude . 
  lol , i was looking at it wrong , i thought the centre of australia was lit up even though it 's desert but that 's the coast and what i thought was the coast was new zealand ... 
  very much sense . 
  what has happened to the middle of australia ? 
  if we meet heavy resistance in e.g. 
  afghanistan a big tank could save us some men . 
  i detect a certain smell the smell of a butt , one that has been hurt . 
  you can sue a company in europe , only when it has actually done something wrong though . 
  well are neighbouring countries are germany , luxembourg and belgium , france , england and denmark can reach us easily so those are possibilities . 
  we 'll be absolutely useless when it comes to war , a good army is needed to hold a high standing in things like the un and the eu so i do n't really agree with this . 
  have fun with them anyway finnies  . 
  wow , i went to ireland and england a few years ago but did n't really come close to the main troubles areas , i never realized that there were still walls and things in place . 
  where i was there was n't a single reference to the troubles . 
  as of the issue , i think holding a vote in ni would be the best solution . 
  yeah , some of the balkan countries really ca n't afford that . 
  it might seem a good solution from that point of view but banks are n't an infinite well of money that goes straight to hell . 
  banks like the rabobank barely make any money because of all the bullshit regulations they have now . 
  they stopped giving out bonusses years ago and now they 're bragging about having stopped the big bad banks giving bonusses . 
  this will pressure the banks even more and will only make it harder to lend money at all . 
  while it 's funny , blaming the bank for these kinds of things is pretty silly , people are telling them to keep on lending money , have a high interest but also allow people to not pay their mortgages off . 
  i do n't think the current government should even be allowed membership especially after what happened with the recent riots . 
  hmm , at least someone is showing some backbone , i hope more countries follow and ignore the us `` pressuring '' us . 
  yeah , i actually liked his singing and you could see the fuckface he and most dutch people think he is trying to come up with some more . 
  ooh watch out for mister `` i 'm much more educated than you dumb pleb , i 'm not even going to give any arguments '' . 
  and become addicted and be a cost to society ? 
  `` i wo n't become addicted '' yeah just like the millions of addicts now , they said exactly the same . 
  getting hammered on friday night is different from drinking vodka throughout the week as some people tend to do , which is less normal in the western parts of europe . 
  so weekend is a bad choice of words . 
  i went there last winter on a school exchange and the language was astonishing . 
  dutch is a bit of a combination of romanic and germanic languages so i can normally at least detect the language spoken and some words but with finnish ... 
  i can make more sense out of some sub-saharan african languages than that . 
  indeed , london is n't even on it . 
  gtfo, 
  national democratic party ? 
  is n't every party a national democratic party ? 
  what you mean limburg ? 
  sure go ahead . 
  vlaanderen though , the french can keep wallonia . 
  but then sub saharan guys would go there until its poor again . 
  european dicks are 2cm longer on average against americans . 
  suck it bitch . 
  when was the last time the vatican openly and directly hurted someone ? 
  its pretty easy to generalise the lqrgest religion in the world . 
  he is also an american , a white male and is from the mid west . 
  really ? 
  i preferred berlin , it was one of the most beautiful cities i 've ever been to , it beats london and barcelona . 
  i do n't know anything about germany but is n't merkel really right and the sdp left socialists ? 
  american coffee ? 
  no thanks . 
  it 's okay m8 , you can have some of ours . 
  oh wait the americans are `` keeping '' it even though they admitted to have a plan to confiscate it when they feel like it ... 
  flanders is only occupied by the wallonians who are supported by the norwegians anyway . 
  so they are using gaelic words ? 
  i do n't wan na lose my precious karma . 
  haha , when i read it yesterday someone said that it sounded like an angry ex . 
  i thought it sounded more like an `` asylum seeker '' but i did n't say anything because i knew i 'd get downvoted . 
  they can put a large flag on it to spite the british . 
  i always feel as though russians have no idea of ideologies . 
  calling ukraine fascists , imitating nazi salute with hammer and sickle on your shirt etc. 
  400 people for 60 jobs , that is . 
  i 'm a highschool student and my father wants me to be responsible with money so 20 euros a month .
