  not that i buy anything besides food and games ^ ^ . 
  race mixing is communism ? 
  hahaha, 
  kurwa is pronounced kurva . 
  i 'd do something retarded too if i was born in belgium . 
  according to wikipedia there are a lot of so called `` diploma mills '' which partly explains the high numer for russia . 
  i think it 's stupid to call someone brown or white or black or whatever , i just said turks do n't look like dutch people . 
  google `` average turkish person '' and `` average dutch person '' and judge again because that 's not true . 
  aka brussels ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  why does it seem only americans make this joke ? 
  the tanks in the third one are n't working . 
  sweden is underpowered in eu4 , spam paradox to buff it !, 
  greece is n't poor to begin with , it 's struggling with a shitty economy and large government deficit , that does n't mean it 's poor . 
  like a hundred years ago state funded religious education was seen as a huge progressive step forwards ( where i live anyway ) but now it sounds completely backwards . 
  i know they 're similar but a slovenian person ca n't understand a macedonian can he ? 
  with the emphasis on not entirely . 
  not that there is a reason to go to luik . 
  goddamnit it has to be the ugliest city in western-europe . 
  everything above the maas is up north , 
  yes , bosnia 's muslim leaders should totally denounce islam !, 
  [ not as good as us though . 
  doesnt the norwegian state have like 60 gazillion on the bank ? 
  i cant say i feel sorry for you if your economy is based on oil . 
  salty swede ? 
  it would n't be relevant to this sub then . 
  also , are you implying this sub hates the us more than russia ? 
  indeed that 's why i was asking ... 
  the ussr was larger in '59 right ? 
  it had poland east germany romania etc. 
  they are born in kosovo but are not ethically albanian , that is n't that hard is it ? 
  or did i woosh again ? 
  look i 'd rather see a united ireland ( not that my opinion is relevant obviously ) but the situation is obviously different . 
  you put it very bluntly but i ca n't help but agree with you . 
  my farmercuntvillage stands there normally on !, 
  neil ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he means saudi arabia not h&k, 
  ve go to djermany because bratwurst very good, 
  it 's a pretty weird situation because they are abusing a loophole to get in . 
  you ca n't bring an asylum seeker in with your car and they ca n't walk in but it says nothing about cycles so hundreds of syrians are cycling across ther border . 
  i imagine it will become a lot harder when the snow starts though . 
  how does *** current year *** apply here ? 
  well , flanders historically only referred to west and east flanders , before it was divided by the dutch rebellion , there was no real cultural divide between flemish and dutch brabant . 
  the second good thing to come out of wallonia besides la chouffe . 
  it 's not * entirely * greece 's fault , taking away all blame from them is ridiculous . 
  this guy 's just figured out what to do with minorities !, 
  world peace is upon is ;, 
  sure , but the uk also had huge military and political power . 
  without the uk the original eu was simply quite shit , the addition of the uk was huge at the time , whilst them leaving now is a much smaller change . 
  this is both because the uk decreased in importance and because the eu became bigger . 
  no no no , you 've got real irish and british irish . 
  an mp can make a suggestion for a law and if both chambers approve it , it 'll become law wether the vvd approves or not . 
  now i know what it 's like to be triggered . 
   with the appropriate territorial adjustments [ you mean like this ? 
  ] ( http://previews.123rf.com/images/rusak/rusak0809/rusak080900142/3530347-abstract-vector-color-map-of-cyprus-country-stock-vector.jpg ), 
   made his millions from growing salad ? 
  what does afrikaans * have to do with presidential elections ? 
  that 's my point , your first sentence did n't mean anything either . 
   turkey isis oil thingy is nothing more than some claims and anti propaganda . 
  turkey coup thingy is nothing more than some claims and anti propaganda . 
   the union will not survive the next decade . 
  interestinglu , the ec sticks to the story that negotiations are ongoing . 
  edit : i meant that the ec claims nothing went wrong and it 's business as usual . 
  cant you just let men force a dna test before having to pay anything ? 
  nazi war criminals, 
  i 'd say the franco-prussian war is a relatively recent embaressment of the french military . 
  i thought bosnians were turks ? 
  most farmers will continue to do so even if they 're making a loss so this would just make the banks having to loan a shitton of money they 're nwver getting back . 
  spain is a kingdom though . 
  although the name banana kingdom would be fitting . 
  oh fuck off with that bullshit that was n't my point at all for fucks sake . 
  when was turkey ever alive ? 
  yes , ataturk made a secular constitution but continued opressing the armenians and kurds and supressed minorities in general , not to mention turkey 's had 2 coups and of course the invasion of cyprus since then . 
  cameron 's a bit of a cunt politically but he 's such a good public speaker . 
  i 'd rather have a million russian nukes in turkey then see erdogan retain power any longer . 
  why wouls the german government have to compensate their descendants ? 
  yeah but you got ibrahimovich, 
  that 's a high school tier simplification . 
  i 'd suggest watching the great war 's episodes on the eastern front , it 's actually quite interesting . 
  this guy put into words very well what i 've been thinking for a long time . 
   when the police can raid you anytime they ca n't , they need a warrant . 
  it 's pretty standard practice . 
   france seems to be turning into a police state lol . 
  they 're doing raids to find out wether they are breaking the law or not and apparently they got a warrant . 
  the french police is n't doing this at random and as far as we know , nobody 's broken any laws . 
  a famine is a widespread scarcity of food , caused by several factors including crop failure , population imbalance , or ** government policies . 
  indeed , the only realistic way irish could have become the main language in ireland would be a mass move towards the language after independence , like the jews did who moved to israel . 
  this is what micheal collins had to say about the irish language and irish culture in general . 
  very interesting in my opinion . 
  only an american could brag about only 10 % of his nation being corrupt . 
   iraqi kurdistan wait is n't turkey/turkish backed militias attacking the peshmerga in syria ? 
  were n't cumhuriyet editors arrest recently ? 
  edit : referring to this : http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/cumhuriyet-117.html, 
  please no , they 'll stop any progress in europe and pretend they did us a fucking favour by staying . 
  what makes piketty so special that we should listen to him ? 
   people do n't seem to mind oh really ? 
  just some example from our tolerant friends across the ocean : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-coolie_act https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chinese_exclusion_act https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pigtail_ordinance, 
   this is very subjective . 
  sure , hundreds of years of cultural and conventional genoicde in return for a few fuckin ' bridges , seems like a fair deal . 
  the ottomans demanded tribute from the already bankrupt byzantines on multiple occasions . 
  you really seem to like the ottomans for some reason .
