vghs reaction gifs ? 
  awesome . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  lol , this was an interesting conversation . 
  yes , we shouldve built another soviet style apartment bloc . 
  hello we 're here to fight isis !, 
  how childish this looks today . 
  how impressive that you know what the governments of all those countries think !, 
  if i 'm say , a plumber and i work for $ 5 , i get payed $ 4 and my boss has to pay $ 0.50 taxes whilst someone in luxembourg could ask $ 20 , get $ 15 and only has to pay $ 0.50 in taxes . 
  this would probably cripple companies in countries that are less well off . 
  i get this too , and i have definetly never done this . 
  do n't feed the troll guys . 
  sure but if you 're talking nuclear war an army would be pretty useless anyway , and since we 've got nukes too it would n't really matter . 
  but we would n't have to worry about putin with that army . 
  they 've actually increased the budget this year so hopefully we 'll have some new shit . 
  are n't you supposed to give a declaration of war before invading ? 
  that is a generalisation . 
  the wehrmacht comitted crimes , but some ss were n't inhumane . 
  it does n't excuse breaking international treaties though . 
  great country , great people , great place for tourists , do not order any local local , it 's all utterly disgusting . 
  what the fuck is sour milk supposed to be . 
  or the weird failed undercooked pancakes with cheese in them . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  if that sounds good to you you can move to the u.s. but in most european countries the government takes cares of all its inhabitants . 
  it 's not even a challenge when you 've got neuer . 
  documentarish, 
  how 's that ? 
  for the few years of ww2 ? 
  for the hre ? 
  so ... russians cant play minecraft now ? 
  dae remember when africa was colonised . 
  fuck i 'm old . 
  i think mainly muslim immigrants feel this way , i have n't heard from anyone oppossing jews . 
  a lot of people dislike israel but that 's not the same . 
  yes . 
  most great powers are assholes it seems . 
  out of how many ? 
  you probably should n't cycle on a highway anywhere . 
  de jeugd van tegenwoordig is a dutch hiphop group , i think they 're great . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-w9gcti2nm https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spu5palk23e https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cnmxskfwflq, 
  which is why i do n't think turkey should join . 
  ever . 
  lol ? 
  only in the mp . 
  i think waw was pretty decent and the first two modern warfares as well , but cod , uo and cod2 are fucking amazing and blow the rest out of the water . 
  in the ww2 call of dutys you can play as russians as well as americans and british . 
  i do n't think there are a lot of germans left that fought at d-day , but at least one of them is according to this . 
  koenigswinter , germany -- paul golz , one of a few german veterans who plans to attend this week 's events marking the 70th anniversary of the d-day invasion , saw his war end on the fields of normandy , but thinks himself lucky that he was taken prisoner by americans instead of being sent to fight on the eastern front . 
  why does it matter where there is growth ? 
  banks pay taxes too . 
  playing call of duty ? 
  `` civil war '', 
  well , if you take over an airport as an armed rebel you may not deserve it but should still expect it , death is never positive but i do not pity these men , hopefully the rest will see their cause is n't leading anywhere and surrender . 
  it 's meth imported from the czech republic !, 
  the crow calls the raven black ... 
  they want to but just one ethnic russian casualty is a pretty good casus belli . 
  are you sure that 's neccessary ? 
  that 's a relief , i was honestly worried because i saw a tweet earlier today where they threatened to shoot hostages and i 've always enjoyed his videos . 
  looks like an interesting read , thanks . 
  could you link to some article or something about these genocides of ottoman turks , i 'm not familiar with them and interested . 
  i do n't want you to but i probably would n't see them because people would n't care about it , thus they would n't upvote it . 
  banks are really struggling these days , with politicians making stupid laws to `` stop the evil banks '' but in the end they have to up their interest rate because they make less money so screwing over banks is good for noone . 
  this is better , you get a larger paycheck and tourists pay tax as well . 
  hmm we still need a destination for this summer and the last time we visited was great so maybe ... 
  bill clinton , from arkansas , has run for president does n't give any clues to where it is . 
  if everyone who wanted their own country got it there would be a lot of countries ... 
  well sure but these guys are doing it for no good reason ( like being shot at by your government ) , and the guys in kiev were n't payed by the russians . 
  only in belgium you need 2 police forces for when the other one is on a strike . 
  `` facilities '', 
  if we 'd combine our armies we 'd have more then enough to defend europe . 
  if the turks want to join the eu , sure but first they should get a new government , probably a new constitution as well , ackowledge the armenian genocide , stop shooting at protestors and punish erdogan . 
  yes obviously , those are probably soviet era tanks that would n't stand a chance against modern weaponry but i was answering gooners question . 
  it says in a sidenote that the russians have 18k stored that could in theory work . 
  nice troll account m8 . 
  in afrikaans its apartheid . 
  it 's interesting how the original dutch word apartheid got bastardised into this . 
  thats almost one third of the entire russian army !, 
  ye when i was there a lot of people were riding bikes , i think that stat is inaccurate . 
  no , i 'm saying that federal taxes should be lowered and state taxes should be highered so you can get your shit together . 
  i agree completely , i 've even read some americans saying that they were just pumping money in the local economies so we should be glad ... 
  i ca n't believe that sentiment since it takes like 6 hours to get the police to come to your house in detroit . 
  i understand the need for nukes in europe but we do n't need americans babysitting them . 
  no but i do n't think german arms manufacturers have that much influence over the greek army . 
  this seems a bit harsh , germany 's and other countries bailouts are the only reason you still have a sem-functioning government . 
  why 's there an american flag next to the english language ? 
  that seems to be a quite amateuristic mistake not to mention as pwaaap noticed , the dutch is filled with mistakes . 
  lying would imply op 's wrong , judging by the video , he is n't . 
  hey that reminds me of something , it 's exactly the same here ... 
  holy fucking shit that thing looks brutal , like from one of those futuristic games or something . 
  we 've got nukes here which we ca n't fire but do make us a valid target , that , together with the 365 american soldiers seems pointless and i would n't be sad to see them go , allies or not . 
  how is occupying their airfields with soldiers and flying in without permission with military helicopters not direct interference ? 
  really ? 
  why do you think that ? 
  this kinda stuff , how to stop a revolution 101 is pretty much do n't use live guns . 
  why does that matter , it is n't like we can play anything else with the heighest mountain being 300 metres . 
  modern day germany is n't as americanised as you 'd think , bit i agree it 's lovely there . 
  not after they spent all their oil money . 
  nobody mentioned the holocaust , this was also the excuse for germans executing civilians without real reason . 
  i thought guyana was independent ? 
  are you going to do an ama or is this it ?
