yes gaelscoil kids . 
  i love how naturally they speak it . 
  we 've had reports of gaelscoil kids going to english language secondary schools and being corrected on spoken grammar because they are too colloquial . 
  i love that and believe it 's what could save the language . 
  my eldest , in her last year , wants to go to the local me\u00e1nscoil next year . 
  new to me . 
  thanks . 
  i have to point out though , that the irish do n't prefer the word ` irish ' to ` gaelic ' . 
  irish is the word used . 
  gaelic does not exist as a word to describe our language . 
  we all grow up using it every day in school ( my kids are fluent ) , and the only time the word ` gaelic ' is used in relation to language is when talking about the family of languages including welsh and scots gaelic ( or when making fun of americans who insist on using the word  ) . 
  the irish word for irish is ` gaeilge ' so that might be where it came from , but the pronunciation is quite different . 
  no irish person would ever call irish ` gaelic ' . 
  irish very much exists and is spoken by a few million of us to various degrees of proficiency . 
  my understanding is that gaelic is a family of languages of which irish is just one . 
  ireland . 
  [ a referendum to decide whether to keep the seanad ( senate ) and reform the courts system is upcoming . 
  most people are a bit meh about it or do n't understand the issues , but this week it 's being reported that the timing is cynical coming just before the budget . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/fine-gael-highlight-seanads-failure-as-watchdog-29597090.html ) [ usual leaks about the upcoming budget forecasting doom and gloom so the real thing wo n't be as shocking . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/last-of-the-hairshirt-budgets-29596439.html ) [ a top neurosurgeon 's entire family were killed in a malisciously started fire in england . 
  thought to be a case of mistaken identity . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/grieving-doctor-says-hell-meet-family-on-other-side-29595059.html ) [ hope that a woman 's body found in the mountains would shed more light on a serial killer at work here more than 10 years ago turns out to be 2 years old . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/gardai-believe-victim-elaine-may-have-been-in-relationship-29596507.html ) [ all ireland football final between mayo and dublin today . 
  all except dubliners want mayo to win . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.ie/sport/gaelic-football/dublin-city-centre-alive-as-countdown-to-final-nearly-over-29597142.html ) [ and from r/ireland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/prh5jlc.jpg ) edited for links, 
  i could go by sight on the buttermilk but just wondering how much bread soda per flour ? 
  sounds delicious . 
  will definitely try . 
  thanks . 
  feel like sharing that recipe ? 
  i have n't found the perfect one yet . 
  how much of each and length n temp in oven ? 
  is that made with cold tea and a little whiskey ? 
  it looks like our ` barm brack ' - eaten at halloween . 
  read ` the big wind ' , i think by beatrice coogan . 
  old now , but very well written historical fictoon set in famine time . 
  lol . 
  thank you . 
  i knew i was simplifying a lot . 
  irish is an eu language as well . 
  in irish it 's 'm \u00e9 ' ( pronounced ` may ' ) . 
  these types of mothers do n't do their damage in front of people . 
  they do it behind closed doors before they ever leave the house . 
  my point is - a secret ballot is the only way to ensure a fair , democratic vote . 
  taking photos of your ballot paper compromises that . 
  the voting place is a big room , with a small wooden stand to go behind when you vote . 
  people can generally see you there . 
  they ca n't see your ballot paper . 
  forbidding photos allows you to vote with your own conscience in the first place . 
  no-one can coerce you in any way because no-one else can see your ballot paper . 
  playing devil 's advocate - you 're 18 years old , it 's your first vote , your controlling helicopter mother has gone with you and told you how to vote . 
  she 'll stop you requesting a new paper . 
  you could take a picture then void your vote , but then you do n't get to vote . 
  i believe this is a law in most democratic countries . 
  i answered why in a comment below , copied here ... 
  taking a very general picture at the polling station is probably tolerated well enough . 
  taking a picture of your own ballot paper is exactly why this law exists . 
  it 's essential for a secret ballot . 
  if you can prove how you voted , you can sell your vote to the highest bidder , or you can be coerced to vote a certain way . 
  the general law is there i imagine so that this is easier to control for the people running the polling station . 
  if there 's a big crowd in at once , they have enough to do without also checking how far away from the poll booth you 're standing with your camera . 
  taking a very general picture at the polling station is probably tolerated well enough . 
  taking a picture of your own ballot paper is exactly why this law exists . 
  it 's essential for a secret ballot . 
  if you can prove how you voted , you can sell your vote to the highest bidder , or you can be coerced to vote a certain way . 
  the general law is there i imagine so that this is easier to control for the people running the polling station . 
  if there 's a big crowd in at once , they have enough to do without also checking how far away from the poll booth you 're standing with your camera . 
  [ here 's a photo of the contents page from my copy of the constitution ] ( http://imgur.com/ccwrw7n ) . 
  no ` equality ' section . 
  my guess is he was bullshitting , just trying to justify his own opinion . 
  facebook is full of a lot of things that are inadvisable . 
  no reason for the rest of us to stoop to it . 
  i like it . 
  it 's very hard to detect the bullshit in the news sometimes . 
  also , what about those who have moved abroad but do n't plan to return ? 
  i do n't think they should have a vote either . 
  i lived away for a bit and missed a couple of elections . 
  i always vote so was disappointed , but if it was that important to me , i 'd have come home . 
  he beat me by 3 hours . 
  [ i put an album together ] ( http://imgur.com/a/7wpta ) , but do n't think my photos are illegal as i used a few from online in place of those that would be illegal to take . 
  capitalism is free trade , between privately owned businesses , for profit . 
  it is not taking something from others by force then claiming it as your own and profiting from it . 
  some were , as in most countries . 
  some were n't . 
  there were all sorts and irish society was fairly free with equality for most ( by the standards of the time ) . 
  the english forced all to become indentured . 
  it 's not capitalism when the landlord took that land from you by force then made you continue to work it and pay rent on it . 
  do you mean wikipedia ? 
  are you suggesting wikipedia is more reliable than the three published books by three different authors that the post provided ? 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you however i think it was probably mismanagement combined with a lack of regard for any interests except britains . 
  i found it interesting because it all sounded so similar to the irish famine . 
  that guy privided lots of sources . 
  do you have sources that confirm it 's not true ? 
  english absentee landlords ` owned ' the land . 
  the irish were ` tenants ' . 
  they produced a wide variety of food , but were forced to hand it over in ` rent ' payments . 
  if the irish refused to hand over the food , they were eventually evicted . 
  if they took the food they grew themselves to feed their family , they were branded thieves , and sent on convict ships to australia . 
  the only free market was for the english landlords selling the food . 
  the irish had no choices .
