  never been to sweden . 
  the chinese mitten crab and the alaskan king crab are much bigger problems . 
  so pushing away is not starting it ? 
  since humans tend to have more offspring in times of crises , i would n't be so sure if that 's a good thing, 
  yeah sure , police starts the violence ... why are you even defending radical leftist criminals ? 
  and laying firebombs on train tracks ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article151743396/bundespolizei-entdeckt-brandsatz-an-ice-strecke.html ) and fighting police ( usually they go to neonazi demos and then start fights with police because they ca n't even reach the nazis ), 
  well cynically speaking , of course it helps , but those policies made are not in the general populations interest . 
  in the 70s and 80s many `` capitalists '' ( politicians , ceos , bankers ) were killed this way by the raf, 
  reminds me of the raf assassinations, 
  it 's the new german way , just ignore all problems . 
  so you think we needed the afd to realize that unconditional unlimited immigration is not feasible ? 
  i 'm just astonished that did n't happen to the greens 20 years ago . 
  they have that crazy gender identity marxist wing too . 
  and funny enough in bw where that nonsense is the least prevalent in their politics ( they 're basically conservatives with an environmentalist overtone , which i like ) are most successful, 
  if they are the far-right party everyone labels them to be they will go down the road of the dvu npd republikaner and so on . 
  if not i 'm not so concerned and they are just the right version of die linke, 
  everyone with just a bit of reason skills knows that the `` willkommenskultur '' never was sustainable and would end sooner than later . 
  we did n't need the afd etc. 
  for that . 
  the afd is just the result of the media and established parties being too stupid stubborn or pc to have a rational discussion about it . 
  no they just appeal to feelings and throw insults like racist and islamophobe around . 
  no wonder people ran to the populists who promised stopping that nonsense . 
  it happened with the pirates too , they scooped a short success from the google maps controversy , the nsa spying and snowden manning `` vorratsdatenspeicherung '' etc. 
  and look where they are now . 
  same will happen to the afd in the next 5-10 years too . 
  this is basically a symptom of outrage culture . 
  you can slide down my back . 
  i may have heard of it, 
  it 's about african colonies , there were no us russian or spanish ones . 
  if anything 's missing it 's italian dutch and portuguese, 
  what 's wrong with bringing order ? 
  how did the [ asamkirche ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cd/asamkirche,_m%c3%banich,_alemania10.jpg ) not make this list ? 
  all the bigger actors of the fall of the soviet union , genscher gorbachev kohl reagan schabowski willi brandt for his knee fall, 
  well obama and merkel are both `` a first '' ( first black , first woman ) so they will have their place in history as long as there are us presidents and german chancellors . 
  and the shuttle bay would threaten to exit every few months, 
  this is why we love british humor, 
   but today 's practice of using social media has been cautioned against by western german police . 
  what year is it ? 
  that something they do for at least 20 years , including scandals of undercover agents defecting, 
  and they do n't show up every three months at the agentur f\u00fcr arbeit with a medical attest proving they have back pain and ca n't work for another half year while working on the black labour market, 
  do n't forget the greek spanish and portuguese, 
  she maybe should have sought a solution before she opened the floodgates ? 
  imagine you have 20 cats with diarrhea outside your door , you live with 5 other people , and you let all the cats in . 
  you ca n't expect your all fellow flatmates to help you clean up the mess without complaining . 
  why would it be different on a larger scale ? 
  the sensible thing to do would have been telling your flatmates that there are 20 sick cats outside and you plan to let them in to help and ask prior to the mess if anybody is willing to help . 
   to force young women to be stay at home moms rather than go working if they want to do that . 
  forcing is always a problem , be it through laws social pressure etc. 
  and that works both ways . 
  just think about how a girl is looked at by a part of society now if she say that she wants to find a husband and be a mom instead of a lawyer or doctor or something . 
  you automatically assume she 's a religious nutjob or golddigger , just as the right stereotype of working women is that she 's a selfish manlet only caring about her personal ambitions and being a bad parent we need nuance , and treat people as individuals , not groups . 
  woman is not woman , every woman is an individual with her own ambitions feeling skills and set of beliefs . 
  we speak so much about tolerance , but somehow when it comes to political opinions the people who cry for tolerance the loudest are the least tolerant, 
  or maybe with being liberals ? 
  you know the thing that 's in their name ? 
  what merkel does not is not liberal at all , it 's authoritarian and irrational, 
  what wrong with families like that if everyone in them agrees to live like that ? 
  and are single mothers and children growing up without fathers really the better alternative ? 
  the left utopia with 2 full earning parents and children brought up by the state is not realizable and kind of scary , just look how that worked out in the gdr i 'm a liberal , and i think that should be everyone 's own choice , and if a woman ( or man ) wants to stay home and care for the children then let them . 
  we just need an economic situation that allows for that , as long as single earner households are not able to afford such a lifestyle , the discussion is moot anyways . 
  who thought making neighbouring countries/languages almost the same colour ? 
  making slovenian and polish some kind of yellow would have been a great idea for example, 
  that 's true for germany as well though , the about a third of [ contributions to the german exports ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mittelstand#/media/file:mittelstand_pyramide.png ) are those middle sized companies who are often highly specialized and world wide market leaders in their niche . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mittelstand we just have some huge corporations too . 
  ( they also make up about a third ), 
  seems like half of those are also locations with automobile industry, 
  as a german old enough to experience the gdr ( from the west though ) i had no problem understanding any of the jokes . 
  the mythbusters made the experiment , look at it this way , you have twice the force , but you also have twice the trains so the force on one train is the same, 
  what 's it called ? 
  when you ca n't tell if it 's satire or real ? 
  is that a serious comment ? 
  and belgium ? 
  well and the other obvious comment : what about men ? 
  there are probably over a billion who get their foreskin cut off . 
  and yes men can die from being crcumsized , [ even in new york ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/health/baby-dies-herpes-virus-ritual-circumcision-nyc-orthodox/story?id=15888618 ) . 
  and before someone shouts health benefits , read what kellogg said about it . 
  it 's main use was to prevent young men masturbating . 
  the same reason why they do it to girls . 
  another older aspect is `` inflicting pain to show you 're adult now '' , stemming from tribal societies and the main reason for circumcisions in africa , also male and female . 
  and in case of islam and judaism it 's religious . 
  yes , in neu-ulm they do the good old prince and princess and parades stuff . 
  so literally just on the other side of the river, 
  i was surprised how different fasching in ulm was from munich , it 's basically all allemanic stuff i barely knew of and ca n't pronounce at all . 
  you should have let the troll paint it . 
  burning cars is a sport of the left in germany , far left , like almost anarchists , anticapitalists and antifa ( anti fascists ) ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/aug/26/berlin-torched-cars-elections ) that 's not a new thing they are usually also the ones getting in fights with the police at right wing demonstrations, 
  the problem is only that people instantly think of a 40 year old having sex with a 13 year old , not a 14 or 15 year old and yes i also think it 's perfectly fine and spares a lot of legal bullshit . 
  usually you can still get in trouble if you exploit the minor , even if they are of age of consent ( like being a teacher fucking your students ) and biology is also a factor , girls start bleeding somewhere around 12 , boys produce sperm a bit later on average . 
  it 's not like the human body is `` ripe '' aka able to reproduce and only deciding to want to reproduce 5 years later that is a pure social norm that makes sense since it is there to protect inexperienced younglings from being exploited , but following nature and biology should n't be criminal or punishable either . 
  in cases where a large age gap exists and some complainant comes fourth it 's still perfectly possible to investigate the issue case by case, 
  [ eisstockschie\u00dfen , ] ( http://meinonline.at/public/ynblog/14703/badeschiff%20eisstockschiessen.jpg ) rules are similar to boules curling or boccia ; [ fingerhakeln , ] ( http://bc03.rp-online.de/polopoly_fs/los-stoetten-auerberg-kennbayerischen-folklore-erkennt-1.1987893.1316044915!httpimage/1916667243.jpg_gen/derivatives/d540x303/1916667243.jpg ) like armwrestling only you try to pull the opponent over the table with just one finger ; skiing , no need to explain ; [ rodeln ] ( http://www.arabella-alpenhotel.com/assets/header/aktivitaeten/rodeln/_resampled/headerimage-rodeln.jpg ) , from old wooden sleds , to olympic discipline, 
  they really do n't get it do n't they . 
  this sweeping under the rug mentality is exactly what offers fodder to the right-wing groups if our media and politicians would talk honestly about the whole situation , nobody would listen to the neo-nazis ( because that is what they mean when saying right-wing , right ? ), 
  i do n't get it , they complain about populism and a narrative while doing exactly the same , spinning a narrative and banking on populism by calling everyone who disagrees a nazi or racist . 
  if the right wing profits from this , it 's at least 80 % their own fault . 
  they are told stuff like that by people making a shit-ton of money bringing them over to central and western europe, 
  did anyone say longbow men were serfs ? 
  or anything like it ? 
   i do not understand how either of what you wrote is on topic . 
  how would i know ? 
  you said they were not just peasants , i said they were .
