  is n't that what all the right wingers claim is happening and are called populist or being accused of fanning racism ? 
  was that the petition 4chan trolled with something like 40k signatures from vatican city which only has a population of ~ 500, 
  yes diversity for diversity 's sake it pretty much useless . 
  and it makes the false assumption that someone with another skin colour or sexuality has different abilities . 
  that 's not only very questionable but also borderline racist/sexist . 
  the only kind of diversity that matters is diversity of ideas , and it does n't matter if those ideas are in black green brown blue white male gay or whatever identity heads . 
  merit/fact should always trump identity/feelings . 
  that also prevents all those nasty - isms . 
  i would n't expect to get a job in berlin over someone from berlin ( at a company with a majority berliners ) just because i 'm from bavaria , so why should that work if i was not a bavarian but gay or black ? 
  and another point is , we do n't really have diversity if we have pockets of different culture self segregated in parts of towns . 
  the idea of mythical utopian diverse society without any tensions between clashing cultures , while still preserving those cultures is self-contradictory . 
  you ca n't assimilate culture into your own while at the same time preserving it . 
  that 's like trying to pour ink into water and expect it to still be clear , and also blue . 
  have you read some of the antifa archives ? 
  yes antinational , anticapitalist , legitimize extra legal activity ... [ source ] ( http://afata.blogsport.eu/2016/06/23/antifa-heisst-gegenmacht-und-klassenkampf/ ), 
  just read some antifa slogans ... 
  yes because nationalism will die if you pressure people to give up their heritage and culture . 
  no this is exactly the wrong approach , if you ask people to give up things they wo n't want a greater common . 
  let everyone keep their culture and make sure everyone gains by working together . 
  that 's how you beat nationalists , by not threatening nationalities . 
  if you do that you only give them fuel . 
  germany would have never held together after ww2 if not the states kept their regional identities , swabians badeners w\u00fcrttembergers frankonians and hessians get together in the state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg because all of them kept their own cultures and were not forced to become some baden-w\u00fcrttemberg mishmash identity . 
  great now all those filthy british immigrants will take my jobs . 
  it 's time for a gerfew . 
  making the denial a criminal offense is not a political statement . 
  it 's an infringement on free speech and authoritarian anti democratic behavior . 
   not if that history is already written and established . 
  not really in this case , as you mentioned germany just acknowledged the genocide , other still have n't  you can not have a genocide denial without a genocide and without hate speech . 
  and that 's what i think is wrong , there is no such thing as hate speech . 
  and there is evidence or there is not . 
  the moon landing did survive all the conspiracies , so did the holocaust . 
  no need to forbid people being stupid . 
  that is authoritarian and anti democratic , and as such i 'm opposed to it . 
  you seem to be opposed to rewriting history in cases which the rewriters disagree with you , but not in cases you seem to see as part of `` the greater good '' or `` silencing hate speech '' . 
  i think it 's just as dangerous both ways . 
  criminalizing a stance on an event is writing history , you ca n't deny that, 
  you said that academics are influenced through state sponsored propaganda and thus approve of state legislated antipropaganda i do n't care if it 's state or academia or both , it is simply wrong and undemocratic to legislate such topics, 
  and i made a general statement regarding such legislation . 
  re-rewriting history is not the way to combat rewriting history, 
  sure because forbidding to state the opposite of what is forbidden to say elsewhere is a great solution , lol . 
  is it just a weird translation or is there a reason behind calling the perpetrator a `` german citizen '' and not just a german ? 
  if you ask me , that 's just a ton of people with a lot of money `` playing the game '' and earning billions on the easily to predict first rustling down and then recovering markets and pound . 
  the stock market has almost nothing to do with reality anymore , it 's just betting on possible future realities best example would be [ george soros ] ( http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/soros-conviction-insider-trading-upheld-french-court ) , he earned literally billions like this . 
  no it shows whining and complaining alone help with nothing , you actually have to do something . 
  that amnesty international report concerned with the rise of hate crimes said  antisemitische und anti-muslimische hassverbrechen stiegen 2015 im vergleich zum vorjahr um 61 prozent . 
  there has to be an english version somewhere too , i conclude , crimes against jews increased from 200 to 483 that 's an increase of 141.5 % and crimes against muslims increased from 499 to 818 ( 64 % ) . 
  nothing says anything about who committed those , and there is no mention that if you increase the muslim population the number of muslim victims also increases unless crime rates against them sink the same amount their number increased . 
  and the number of jews in britain is ~ 300000 ( 150k in london ) the number of muslims about 2.7 ( about 1 mio in london ) million . 
  oh , that makes more sense then, 
  how is that possible ? 
  do you have two biological fathers or what ? 
  what kind of hate crimes ? 
  tweeting nasty racist stuff or real violence ? 
  attacking jews ( that is definitely on the rise ) ? 
  also maybe our definition of hate crime has changed over the last 5 years . 
  in germany there was a similar article complaining about the rise of hate crimes , turned out most hate crimes were committed by muslims on muslims , and yes there was the occasional neo nazi crime in there too , i do n't deny that . 
  another would be britain not being able to blame us ( europe ) for everything going wrong anymore . 
   but it would n't have changed the outcome , and it does n't mean some grand conspiracy is afoot . 
  i claimed neither all i said is that it seems we have lately an increasing number of incidents with errors , intentional or not , in elections, 
  that it happens at all is an issue , and that people like you do n't seem to care much everyone has the same right to vote , you ca n't just exclude some out of stupidity , neglect or even intentional, 
  not me : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-referendum-brexit-voters-abroad-denied-postal-votes-a7098271.html, 
  there are something like 380000 british expats in spain alone though all over europe something like 600000 or 700000 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/11287523/where-are-the-british-expats-in-europe-this-map-will-tell-you.html, 
  so excluding expats by not offering voting by mail in the british referendum is not at least bordering fraud ? 
  what happened to the super delegates and stuff with bernie and hillary ? 
  i 'm not just talking about that one election in austria, 
  prostitution in europe is not like crack addicts through craigslist, 
  i was speaking more in general, 
  what is it with elections in western democracies being riddled with fraud counting errors and such lately ? 
  have we forgotten how that shit works ? 
  yes it was done by a prank youtuber , brad holmes, 
  well at least they throw them most likely on isis and not germany or japan again . 
  yeah no shit . 
  everything is an opportunity if you know how to seize it . 
  that is a pretty hollow statement . 
  somehow it 's all our ( germany 's ) fault anyways . 
  muslims are n't a race though , and islam has some serious built in incompatibilities with western liberal culture . 
  yeah but we only have two groups , syrians and nonsyrians if you have 1001 people 5 each of 199 different countries and 6 of one other country . 
  would you call those 6 the majority ? 
  the biggest group not the majority , majority would be more than 50 %, 
  30 % are syrians , source is in the comment before, 
  how many does it need to break the law though ? 
  they do it way more than any other foreign group and natives i think it is not arguable that germany became less safe with 1.2 million immigrants , for two reasons , criminals seizing the opportunity and piggybacking in the country by posing as refugees and the exaggerated violent reaction to them . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ehbuiou.jpg note these numbers are per 100000 even if there are less than 100000 in the country, 
   believing `` sharia is the word of god '' does not equal ignoring a country 's laws . 
  but believing sharia should trump local laws is . 
  and that is what the majority of muslims are believing , even here in europe . 
  not to speak of about 15-25 % approving of terrorism ... http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/articles/opinion-polls.aspx or crime statistics and polls where muslims say they are muslim first then brits germans french etc. 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoflav9zlog i just want people to not ignore reality , and then later say , whoops now it 's too late , but we ca n't do anything that would be racist . 
  i do n't want to exclude anyone i do n't want completely closed borders , i just want honesty and rationality instead of feelings and covering up, 
  germany is not germans , it 's the country , aka it 's official representatives . 
  we are talking politics here , are n't we ? 
  country = / = people, 
  oh come on they is the turkish government , not every single turk , nobody would think that , do you really have to write a 2 page disclaimer to every single internet comment ? 
  turkey always had human rights issues , on those grounds alone the rejection is justified . 
  now they 've gone bat shit crazy . 
   that pretty much never happens ... or do you have a concrete eample you wish to share ? 
  molenbeek neuk\u00f6lln hasenbergl every larger city has a part of town which is predominantly immigrants , i suggest watching this zdf dokumentation https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvosuuujioc  and most of them do . 
  and the example you gave is from the us ... so what about these numbers , do you really think [ people polled here ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-beliefs-about-sharia/ ) just leave their beliefs about sharia when they come to us ? 
  no read my other comment ... 
  yes those too , but first , most immigrants are not refugees , i have absolutely no problem with helping refugees .
