  and second , i just want the whole process to be transparent and regulated , do n't just let everyone in , check who those people are and go through the necessary steps of asylum , and send them back after the crisis , unless they integrated themselves into our society . 
  and integration does n't mean living in little refugistan in a town with their own laws and language . 
  i 'm pissed that we opened the gates without having any plan , any clue and any recourse of handling the flood . 
  and honestly , i have n't seen many syrians yet , and you can tell syrians from the `` refugees '' pretty easy . 
  they are families , they are grateful and they thank you 100 times . 
  who i see is people who are black africans , with expensive sneakers and smartphones ages 16-25 males , who complain about food beds and start fights with christian and gay refugees why could n't we check first and only let those in who really need help ? 
  is that really a human rights issue ? 
  is it really too much to ask that muslims follow our laws in our country , [ not sharia ? 
  ] ( http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/muslims-are-angry-at-texas-mayor-after-she-stops-sharia-court-here-is-her-epic-response/ ), 
  and since we already know how it works , why not be cautious and try not letting it happen again ? 
  i 'm not saying it has come that far , but there is the potential and we can do something to not let it come so far . 
  but if everyone is just simply called a racist who voices their concerns then we just sit there and watch it happen . 
  i wo n't stand for that . 
  not hurting someones feelings can never be more important than the actual rights and freedoms of people freedom and security both come with a price , the most secure is a padded cell but you lose all freedom , the most free is anarchy , but you lose security . 
  governments are there to protect your freedoms while providing security , it is on us to find the right balance . 
  i just think currently our governments restrict both too much security by opening the gates to millions of unknowns and freedom by trying to restrict us speaking our concerns by labeling those who do as racist , islamophobe or right wing nazis . 
  censoring the internet , in britain people get arrested for posting `` anti immigration '' things on twitter . 
  it 's not either or , it 's not all or nothing but i 'm also for scientific progress , the freedom of the individual , i 'm opposed to collectivism and i think religion is the biggest factor in holding humanity back , i 'm anti-corporatist but not anti-capitalist , i 'm for free speech i think everyone should be able to live their life as they want , i think nothing should be banned for arbitrary reasons like gay marriage ( banning fracking is something i support though because it destroys our environment ) yes i have some conservative stances , but i 'm most of all a liberal with libertarian and centrist leanings, 
   alsterwasser does not came from berlin yes my bad , mixed them up  i mean it 's perfectly fine if you do n't want any of this i did n't say that , i said i do n't want it to replace what was there before, 
  so no mention of them being overwhelmingly muslim immigrants . 
  i 'm not trying to preserve a status quo , i just want to preserve the good things that make us * us * . 
   but who do you agree with ? 
  well i have my own opinion , no idea who agrees with me . 
  i think the dalai lama does . 
  and to your d\u00f6ner example , if i go to berlin i get curry wurst and alsterwasser , if i go to munich i get wei\u00dfwurst and export , in hamburg i get matjes and pilsener , in cologne i get reibekuchen and k\u00f6lsch in stuttgart i get gaisburger marsch and badener wein and so on . 
  d\u00f6ner i can get everywhere , it 's not typical berlin or munich or cologne or hamburg or stuttgart and so on . 
  is losing just one of those mentioned above worth it if i can add falafel to d\u00f6ner everywhere ? 
  i want to preserve diversity , but what i understand as diverse is not what media and politics thinks of diverse . 
  edit : btw i think the same of starbucks subway mcdonalds and so on, 
  yes there are ton of german cultures , germany is incredibly diverse without immigration , but that 's apparently not good enough for the fundis of die gr\u00fcnen for example . 
  they think german cultures are icky or something . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oc0ubx00ote how can anyone not be opposed to this kind of hogwash ? 
  if i travel from munich to hamburg i like to experience typical hamburg things . 
   one politician called a policeofficer over the phone and demanded he change the wording in his report . 
  but the report was n't changed . 
  sure it was bad . 
  but has been blown way out of proportion . 
  and we only heard it two weeks later because a british tabloid reported on it ...  i do n't know of any advantages . 
  so deciding what you want to do with your country without having approval from a larger governing body is not an advantage ? 
   who cares . 
  the world is big and diverse . 
  lets see what happens . 
  no stopping globalization anyway . 
  i care ? 
  why should i give up my culture ? 
  it is a loss . 
  people care about dying languages of some australian aboriginals but not how the 1000 year old culture of a major country in the heart of europe is threatened ? 
  wtf !? 
   it is also deeply embeded into every day life . 
  that wo n't change easily . 
  how do you know that ? 
  have you been to a larger city lately ? 
  what happened to christmas ? 
  now the american santa comes , every corner has pizza or d\u00f6ner , where is the good old bratwurst standl or hendlgrill ? 
   the world is big and diverse . 
  but germany is not the world , and losing german culture is making the world less diverse  but have you heard of `` der dritte weg '' ? 
  yeah that 's called being rational and listening to both sides , not just calling one side stupid because they do n't agree with you . 
  leaving has advantages and disadvantages , so does remaining . 
  it 's not good vs bad black vs white . 
  i personally lean a bit more to remain , but i also think it 's the choice between dictation of the eu or dictation of big corporations . 
  the eu needs reform , badly , it is basically a huge organization managing bribes for politicians and we as people have too little influence on who is making decision there , but at least there are rules . 
  leaving will open britain to american levels of corporatism , unchecked lobbying , deregulation of the stock market in london ( which caused the financial crisis in 2008 ) and stuff like ttip and acta . 
  both is not great , but i think the eu at least offers some protection and convenience to their citizens . 
  but that does n't mean i 'm happy how we handled the refugee crisis in 2015 in germany , how politicians tried covering up the cologne incidents , how mayors suggest `` not walking a certain way to school if your daughters get molested there '' or that by 2030 or 2050 germans wo n't be a majority in germany anymore , and celebrating that . 
  how much self-loathing does it need to commit cultural suicide . 
  german culture is not evil and deserves to be preserved . 
  and yes we get it the nazis were bad , no need to bend over backwards to not offend any non-germans out of fear of being associated with nazis or racists . 
  antifa is ironically the most fascist movement we currently have in germany , and how the far left can advocate for communism and still have approval after what happened in the gdr is beyond my understanding . 
  so you think the highly specialized german goods are suddenly available elsewhere ? 
  all the mass product junk comes from china or bangladesh already . 
  germany sells goods for the automobile industry , power plants , production machinery , etc. 
  because everyone who 's not agreeing with you is stupid ? 
  sure some are , but there are legitimate concerns about limitless immigration and the financial politics of the eu, 
  sure because the german exporters pay those fees , not the customers ... / s have you tried buying a ps4 in brazil ? 
  we tried that about 70 years ago , did n't go so well ... 
  well the european caliphate has now other plans ... 
  we have a very local festival here every year , the zeitbeerenfest , currant festival , only we seem to celebrate that and google has 3 results and it 's based on a story from the napoleonic occupation or something . 
  http://www.feierabend.de/ulm/kunst-kultur/soeflinger-zeitbeerfest-26014.htm the rest of germany is burning the johannisfeuer , zeitbeeren ( currant ) are usually called johannisbeeren in germany . 
  in some areas little straw puppets are thrown into the fire , and it is said to keep cattle from dying and grant nice weather . 
  and as i just found out , well it 's kinda obvious , all this `` johannis '' stuff is named after john the baptist who is called johannes der t\u00e4ufer in german , apparently his birthday is the 24th of june , or halftime christmas . 
  the rest of my post was not enough ? 
  ca n't tell if irony or serious . 
  those images do n't lead to anorexia , a mental disorder does . 
  it 's obsessive behavior and the disability to see a realistic image of yourself and why would an ad be different from the people themselves ? 
  ban under and overweight people from the streets too ? 
  let everyone run around with vr goggles replacing all people with fluffy bunnies ? 
  and those ad do n't show unhealthy people either , you could argue that about catwalk models , but that 's not the question here . 
  how is a fit woman in a bikini advertising for fitness products `` unhealthy '' ? 
  if you feel bad when you see people looking better than you , the problem lies with you not the good looking people . 
  if we did everything to make people feel better we would also abolish grades send nobody to prison and everyone gets every job they want regardless of qualification no feelings are irrelevant, 
   refugees are not a problem ? 
  and andorra, 
  yeah that 's what i said , we write them together and split them up , english is always split, 
  yeah but you say `` to throw '' not just `` throw '' , and you just say `` werfen '' not `` zu werfen '' in german and to throw away is not `` to awaythrow '' `` i throw away '' , like it is in german `` wegwerfen '' `` ich werfe weg '', 
  `` anrufen '' , and `` ruf an '' the zu is another thing entirely in this context it 's just a quirk of english to add it to the basic form of the verb, 
  but the verb is not `` to upcall '', 
  that 's hilarious , in germany you basically only find turks in gyms ( ok that 's hyperbole , but not much ) and the turks at home do n't do anything . 
  no he argued for eradicating a certain group of people before they can destroy the german state . 
  it does n't matter if those are fascists jews gay whites blacks or any other group you can think of it 's the action not the ideology behind it that makes this a fascist thing to say or communist if you want , they also argued that the bourgeoisie has to be destroyed to reach absolute equality in my book basically the same thing, 
  and this is exactly what hitler would have said ... congratulations you argued like a fascist .
