  and why do you like david hasselhoff, 
  it 's father 's day . 
  i 'd call that a reason !, 
  and we do n't just drink , we also call our fathers and say we love them and appreciate them . 
  oh the `` not real muslims '' argument , sure want some numbers ? 
  http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/12/07/muslims-and-islam-key-findings-in-the-u-s-and-around-the-world/ http://www.pewresearch.org/files/old-assets/pdf/muslim-americans.pdf#page=97 http://www.globalmbwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/04/islamoncampus.pdf http://sci-hub.cc/10.1080/13691830802704517 http://www.vexen.co.uk/religion/islam_unbelievers.html http://kfn.de/wp-content/uploads/forschungsberichte/fb_109.pdf http://www.forskningsdatabasen.dk/en/catalog/2185866404, 
  siberia seems pretty inviting lately, 
   some say its to islamise europe or to bring in millions of young men from 3rd world countries to `` breed '' with european women . 
      thats a bit tin foil hatty tho , [ that 's what islamic preachers say ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5e8pckvvxce ), 
  if be development he means getting rid of all we achieved during the enlightenment , he 's damn right . 
  london stated with banning `` unrealistic '' body images , germany sweden and britain try to cover up crimes by foreigners . 
  the same report says that last year there were more refugees on earth than ever before , 65 million . 
  but hey that 's not a problem right ? 
  god the virtue signalling and `` gutmenschentum '' will kill us all someday . 
  it 's not that the way of life in muslim countries is incompatible to ours , even in secular ones like turkey ( if you can still call it secular ) . 
  so a country that has the highest living costs next to switzerland and massive amount of oil riches is somehow a model for anything ? 
  that 's something like saying african countries should take the model of saudi arabia, 
  fuck growth if that means that a corporation or government knows more about me than my mother . 
  it 's kind of a dilemma huh , either you declare the countries safe , but then you also say islam is not a danger to groups like gays or non-muslims in those countries . 
  or from the other perspective , if you do n't declare them safe you admit islam is a danger . 
  both sides are hypocrites no matter what they do . 
  but hey by that logic russia is n't safe either ... 
   a rape victim would have sufficient grounds to have their assailant sentenced if they had previously said `` no '' to intercourse and how will you prove that ? 
  either nothing changes , or we throw out due process and just believe women who say that they said `` no '' at least we 're not in batshit asylum `` yes means yes '' and `` believe women '' territory , yet . 
  not for old people , the flag was there before the eu, 
  http://www.bpb.de/gesellschaft/migration/newsletter/148820/migrantenanteil-in-deutschen-grossstaedten-waechst i might have mixed migrant with muslim though, 
  this might have something to do with the muslim population living mostly in cities , and there are cities with 20 % 30 % or even 50 % muslims and those polling people usually also ask people in cities, 
  no , forbidding all gendered things is gender neutral , or at least trying to balance it out by forcing a girl toy on the kid when he 's playing too much with boy toys etc. 
  edit : maybe a better way of saying it is trying to prevent your kid to be either a boy or a girl, 
  did they force you to play with gender specific toys associated with the other gender ? 
  i did n't say you ca n't turn out normal if you do n't exclusively play with gender specific toys , that would be nonsense i even specifically said that it 's is normal to do that and does n't make you trans or genderqueer , you 're basically arguing against the people i criticize, 
  no the people pushing for this are exactly these `` strawmen '' , they just use real trans issues as a smokescreen to push for their identity politics bullshit . 
  [ `` parents should not '' ... but they do . ], 
  ( http://dailycaller.com/2015/07/04/california-family-discusses-4-year-old-transgender-child/ ) tell that to parents like these . 
  and how old were you when you first chose your own clothes ? 
  because that 's the age you enter puberty and it starts making sense to assume ones sexuality or if they have gender issues btw real transpeople do n't need gender neutral or intergender or all that bullshit , they know they definitly have the wrong body and they are either male or female it 's just all those special snowflakes who think being trans is cool and think just because they are now entering puberty and it 's scary and confusing they suddenly have a gender dependent on the moon phase or their mood swings . 
  that 's not being trans , that 's a disgrace . 
  i wo n't vote for gabriel , that 's sure, 
  could she really be that stupid ? 
  no they wear what their parents make them to , that 's how children work . 
  i hurts the boys and girls whose parents think they need to bring them up gender neutral , or have delusions of their 4 or 7 year old being transgender if you ask me that 's childabuse i do n't care about that policy really ( if you ask me it 's even a step into the right direction by making boys equal to girls who could wear both trousers and skirts already ) , i do care about the gender identiy zealot parents and what they do to their children though . 
  no your boy is not trans when he plays from time to time with dolls , and your girl is n't demigirl genderqueer when she ( and not a hir or xir either ) plays with toy cars or likes dinosaurs . 
  because you know how globalists look like without a label ... the only superfluous label is `` merkel '', 
  i know , and what did it achieve ? 
  automakers cheated the tests by manipulating the car software to run differently under test conditions to get the better badge/conform to eu norms, 
  if i could solve the problem of air pollution in cities i 'd have a nobel price by now but just sitting there and banning everything `` suspicious '' wo n't help in the long run , that much i can say . 
  and how many `` old diesel cars '' are there really ? 
  will it even make a significant difference ? 
  or is it just another `` feel good we done something '' stunt ? 
  maybe we should start thinking about solving the problems we have , not just ban what is part of the cause . 
  that achieves nothing but people feeling they live in an autocratic state . 
  and maybe delay or shift the problem ... maybe it 's weird i picked this one , but i slowly but surely have enough of this narrowminded bullshit, 
  i 'm not upset , telling a joke is usually not a sign of being upset, 
  well it 's an old joke , there are probably many variations, 
  i once met a brit at a party and asked him why the brits are so ugly , offended he asked me why the germans are all nazis , so i answered : `` well at least we can stop being nazis , you ca n't stop being ugly . '', 
  yes that 's a joke , it did n't really happen ^ ( before someone takes it too literally , as people on the internet tend to do ), 
  depends on how in on the bullshit the general public are , look at turkey and erdogans bullshit , or europe in the 1930s in general, 
  one question : do you think there will be people who think something like this : `` with bi i can do what i like and not worry about getting paid '' like being an artist or develop games or study the mating behavior of the chinese wood ant or do charity work i would rather do something like that than earning a bit more in a job i hate , it 's not like everyone who is content with surviving on bi would sit around unemployed slacking and do n't you think that if let 's say 25 % or even 30 % of work aged citizens do that the state might have trouble earning enough through taxes ? 
  ( yes not only income taxes , but all the value added tax is paid through bi which ultimately comes from the state , same for all the luxury taxes etc. ), 
   i think it 's very unlikely , do you have evidence to back up this claim ? 
  basic math , a state has only so much income through taxes , it can only afford so much in social services , if the cost for basic income are higher than a threshold value the state is going to go bankrupt . 
  like greece  income from work comes on top of bi , so even if a job only pays as much as a bi , taking that job doubles the worker 's income . 
  that 's one of the advantages of bi , it does n't discourage people from working like badly designed welfare systems do . 
  as i already said , these jobs only pay as much as they do now because of minimum wages or tariff contracts , bi is a great argument against minimum wage and if i was an entrepreneur i would do anything to pay as little as possible to employees that do menial jobs without any danger etc. 
   if most people are okay to live off stipends , then why are they not already doing it using the means-tested welfare systems in place all over europe ? 
  they do , and bi is higher than social security , and there is a social stigma attached to it now  and why do opinion polls show that a majority of people would not stop working if they received a basic income ? 
  a few stopping to work might be enough , those with shit jobs that now pay less or as much as bi would , i do n't say everyone stops working ... 
  call centers are not the only shit jobs, 
  maybe but maybe some of these jobs are necessary for a society to work, 
  so a few 1 in a million success stories finance the whole welfare state ? 
  sorry that 's wishful thinking , and bi is a utopia until we find a cheap and almost infinite energy source and have fully automated production we 're talking about people stopping picking cucumbers or working in call centers , filling shelves in supermarkets etc. 
  not that lucky one app that makes hundreds of millions you basically say people live on an unrealistic dream of landing the next big coup and that 's possible because they do n't have to worry about earning a living . 
  you get a society full of poor artists and some super rich entrepreneurs , and nobody is willing to do the low paid dirty/stupendous jobs . 
  it 's basically a recipe for an oligarchy , which if you 're honest all the communist states also are/were , with huge inequality, 
  but is n't the argument that it would work because you safe on all those benefits you would n't need to pay anymore ? 
  that sounds to me that you would pay instead of 10 or 15 % of the population 100 % of households the benefits , which would cost about 6 -10 times as much . 
  and that still is no incentive to work , especially since that is also a strong argument against a minimum wage , and some jobs then could only pay 100 $ a month for example and you have the same situation as before , 800 $ doing nothing , 900 $ working 35-40hrs a week and then you also have to take inflation into account , either you summon that extra money needed out of thin air devaluing all money and making the bi not an amount you 'd be able to live on alone , or you have to take that money from elsewhere where it is then missing , or you make everyone pay their healthcare etc. 
  all by themselves completely privatized . 
  so is about ~ 800 $ hartz4 but people make no effort to change it , do n't ask me, 
  can you specify that incentive a bit ? 
  and keep in mind it just has to be a critical mass of people not having that incentive anymore , where that number lies i ca n't say , but let 's say 20 % of the people stop doing any work and live only off of bi . 
  would n't that be enough to start the down spiral ? 
  that has n't happened ? 
  what about the ussr , east germany , venezuela and a ton of other communist states ? 
  yes communism is a bit different since you do n't get to choose what you do , the state just dictates it , but a basic income is communism light if you want . 
  yeah with full automation it might work , but that 's a long way to go, 
  the problem with such a system is , it relies on people being honest and wanting to work . 
  if you get over a threshold of people saying `` fuck it i just take the money it 's enough to come by '' the whole thing collapses onto itself and some branches would get huge troubles finding people , call centers for example, 
  it 's a slippery slope first they install cameras everywhere , then they arrest people for offensive tweets , the next day the gulags ( or kz if you like , it 's the same anyways ) open, 
  interesting, 
  am i the only one annoyed that they called amphibians `` dragons '' ? 
  but his position on ttp/ttip russia and the middle east will help us ( and his promise to drain the swamp of corruption in washington can only be positive , we are already too much dependent on multinational companies and their lobbying money influences us and european politics way too much , when wall street sneezes europe runs to fetch a tissue ) . 
  and what has america done on climate change already ? 
  obama did n't do much either for us in europe i think trump is the lesser evil . 
  `` statist '' you know spain is not an anarchy right now ? 
  this is more an argument against creating super states and globalism than against having a government at all . 
  this is an argument for moving government decisions to a lower level , closer to the population where politicians care more about the people and region and are not as detached from them, 
  the only problem is , now these syrian heroes get death threats . 
  oh and our minister of interior affairs is under critique for thanking the police forces doing their job , and not the syrians . 
  probably to make it look mysterious,
