  only what i learned from assassin 's creed 2 and brotherhood, 
  bullying someone until he sees no point in living may not be actual murder , but as close as it can get, 
  really ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i did n't do this , maybe because i have a mobile since 1998 ? 
  i 'd really like to see a black green coalition without trittin and roth , but that will sadly never happen , so i have to vote black , since i do n't want the spd to do anything relevant ... 
  this is a bit like complaining that you have to register a licence plate or let the state know about your earnings in the tax report the phone thing is new to me but i guess it 's because of financial issues , having a phone contract is a bit like having a credit card and of course you have to declare your earnings to the health insurance , it is calculated as a fraction of your earnings also i 'm surprised that you do n't register your seat of residence in other countries apparently , i did n't know that was even possible, 
  had the same problems , i chose 1 on how important it is , but i feel strongly about not being religious , so faith is not important ? 
  on the jedi part , i miss sith in the options , and maybe more than one `` others '' box to tick , also i miss the `` i 'm german and find this funny option in the last question '' , 
  a million very old people , i 'm a german and i do n't know anyone below the age of 50 that is opposed to the euro, 
  multiple , my grandpa was a soldier in the 6 . 
  armee , he got shot in the shoulder 1 week before stalingrad happened and was sent home . 
  my other grandpa was not fighting in the war , but was part of the resistance in munich , they were hiding jews and had to live in earthholes they dug in the craters of the bombed out munich airfield for the last few months of the war . 
  my grandma and the women from our quarter took turns bringing them food to not give the authorities hints on where they were hiding . 
  the brother of my grandma was killed in poland on vacation while driving home on his bike in the evening ( my grandmas family is from silesia ) . 
  as far as i know everybody else survived the war , but had to flee the eastern german , now polish area and now live scattered all over germany , in hamburg , near dresden and in munich . 
  the stalingrad grandpa became a railroad worker and maintained and repaired the locomotives ( from steam engine to diesel and electrified ) at the deutsche bahn , he died when i was 2 from lung cancer . 
  the munich grandpa opened a shop , selling delicacies and groceries . 
   but in a more inclusive european union could be further east, 
  the actual geographic centre of europe would be either belarus or in the baltic sea near estonia http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/extreme_points_of_europe.png the point from which capital city is clostest would be somewhere in the greater area between nuremberg leipzig and prague though, 
  that did n't stop them in germany, 
  op has obesity and overweight , meaning everybody with a bmi over 25 , your graph only shows obesity meaning a bmi of over 30 imho the more important stat , `` just '' being overweight is not unhealthy , being obese is . 
  strange colouring , at first glance i thought germany was fattest , why is the worst the least conspicuous ? 
  would n't be surprised if the majority is just bullshit across the board , everywhere, 
  except two world wars and sending millions of people there ? 
  good thing we did n't adopt the custom to name children after the place they were conceived like the celebs do . 
  most kids would be called hintermbierzelt or discoschei\u00dfhaus, 
  it basically always means interaction or interacting with , traffic is stra\u00dfenverkehr or street interactions , sex is geschlechtsverkehr or interaction of the sexes , briefverkehr is interactions by sending letters . 
  and mit jemandem verkehren is just interacting with someone ( and a way to say someone knew someone and did things with that someone without necessarily knowing what those things were , it 's often used in jurisdiction or journalism ) . 
  and verkehr not traffic but to interact with, 
  i fired blanks from a gas pistol , a bow and held a small revolver in my hand . 
  i also accompanied a farmer where we took our vacation to a night hunting , but we did n't shoot any game that night , just scared a badger and a fox, 
  it 's the media they only show the best and the worst, 
  oh they 're here , but refuse to speak english so they all just lurk, 
  my grandparents were refugees , they fled from silesia to west germany when the soviets came they lived in a 2 room apartment with 12 other people and recieved help from the catholic church none of them complained , they just endured and rebuilt and did everything to make the lives of my mom and her two sisters as good as possible, 
  oh yes , whoops, 
  there are no houses left in sweden they already took too many, 
  there is only one thing that really bothers me about the refugees , there seems to be a good portion of them with an unhealthy dose of entitlement , and a lack of gratitude . 
  if i was a refugee i would be grateful to be welcomed whereever i get help , and not throw a hissy fit if i get in the `` wrong '' part of a country or the eu . 
  i 'd work my ass off , become a citizen of the country i 'm welcomed and then i have all the rights and all the necessities to move wherever i want . 
  yes that may take 5 or 10 years , so what ? 
  and the apparent intentions by islamists to use the refugees as `` seeds of islam '' in europe also scares me . 
  they are a blessing if they all find a job and pay my future * pension * , yes . 
  but at the moment i have to pay my parents * pension * ** and ** them . 
  i live in a city of over 100k people , in a house from 1846 with no direct road access . 
  i have a 50 mbps line but the max speed is something around 33-35 mbps , while 3 houses away , at the road , 300 mbps is available . 
  i 'm not happy in the last 10 or so years almost nothing happened , we got stuck on 6 10 or 16 options forever , only in the last maybe 2-3 years 25 50 and 100 became available , and now lte is faster than my landline, 
   the way things are now , i just do n't see how we could have accountable politicians at the eu level if germany is so powerful , whoever is accountable to the german people alone is going to rule the eu and use its ' institutions to make it look as if it 's the will of the european people . 
  first you cry for a stronger germany and for germany to take the leading role , and when we finally do ( mostly because all others try to not stick out in any way ) you also complain . 
  and well that 's just how a union works , someone will always have the most power , but if enough of the others work together they can balance the power out easily . 
  it 's like the us , california will always have a bigger influence on the states as a whole than milwaukee or wisconsin . 
  oh , i totally blanked on `` suspects '' now that makes more sense , i was thinking those were the numbers of people of nationalities not suspects of nationalities, 
  those numbers are awfully low , you seem to have taken them from a city not germany overall, 
  one thing is blatantly missing here [ bayerischer defiliermarsch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdaxflkl8ok ) and the most well known might be `` das wandern ist der m\u00fcllers lust '' and germany is full of medieval folk/rock bands like faun , in extremo , subway to sally , saltatio mortis , tanzwut , schandmaul ... 
  [ in extremo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5c4mhvz4_yo ), 
  do n't know what the current scientific consensus is on this , but it makes sense mongols siberians inuit sami, 
   german americans are the largest ethnic group ( more than 50 million ) - followed by irish americans ( circa 37 million ) , mexican americans ( circa 31 million ) and english americans ( circa 28 million ) . 
  how do you explain this then ? 
  ^ ( source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states#demographics ) and do you think all the german jews and other people having reasons to fear hitler went to germany ? 
  many artists and scientists went to belgium the netherlands britain or the us in the 1930s ? 
  poor and having a different culture is not the same though , if immigrants do n't adapt to the immigration countries culture there will be problems , on both sides, 
  in the long run those are exactly the reason why immigration wo n't work you have to distribute the refugees evenly and integrate them , not put them in ghettos where they only have contact to each other , that opens the gates to scam artists , hate preachers and such shady individuals on the inside , and provides a gap to the native population , furthering a `` us vs. them '' mentality . 
  who ? 
  ca n't beat the reunification though in my opinion . 
  yes , i am one of those who think we can handle them , right now . 
  ** but , how long ? 
  ** and we have to adapt and future proof , we ca n't just sit there twiddle our thumbs and say let them come we can handle it , because at some point , maybe next year , maybe in 10 years we ca n't anymore . 
  and then it 's too late . 
  well and saying yes to a question like `` is germany a country of immigration '' does n't mean the questioned agrees with it , it 's just a fact and the 12 % answering no , are either ignorant or deny reality . 
  so just dismissing everything as right wing or racist is not exactly the answer i expected at all ... / s, 
   a response by two german researchers to der spiegel 's deeply flawed cover story about the alleged failure of the german prostitution law ( and an account of the questionable journalistic ethics of the magazine 's staff ) http://feministire.wordpress.com/2013/06/06/does-legal-prostitution-really-increase-human-trafficking-in-germany/ one of the comments on spiegel  according to official statistics , the number of officially identified victims of human trafficking decreased significantly in the past fifteen to twenty years . 
  the same government reply from 1997 mentioned 1,196 victims of human trafficking in 1995 and 1,473 victims in 1996 , while the statistics of the past four years on record show steady figures of an annual 610 to 710 victims of human trafficking for sexual exploitation , i.e. 
  640 victims in 2011 . http://www.bka.de/de/themenabisz/deliktsbereiche/menschenhandel/lagebilder/lagebilder__node.html?__nnn=true another good point the article makes is , human trafficking is not only due to prostitiution , illegal immigration , `` schwarzarbeit '' ( black labour ) etc. 
  are also factors, 
  as i said , it has to be legal everywhere , and to be honest , i 'm a bit skeptical when it comes to numbers and studies regarding those subjects , just like the wage gap , the rape on college campuses and so on ( no sources on those article either ) usually those studies are either propganda pieces or say something completely different i 'm highly skeptical that trafficking is `` rampant '' in germany . 
  i have n't seen streethookers in years , the girls working in bordellos are usually students earning money to finance their studies and it 's way cheaper and less risky to just setup a webcam in russia than smuggling the woman to germany, 
  basic logic ? 
  same as drug cartels and legal weed , if a need is provided legally there is no market for the illegal one , or only to indulge in price dumping and then it 's not worth the risk anymore, 
   legal prostitution tends to increase human trafficking only as long as it 's illegal elsewhere , because that creates an unnaturally high demand of prostitution where it 's legal and drives the need for new prostitutes also trafficking is still illegal and can be prosecuted even if prostitution is legal besides benefits like work contracts , health and unemployment insurance etc. 
  and as i already said , it wo n't stop people from going to prostitutes either , people smoke week , drive drunk steal etc. 
  even when it 's illegal , because everyone thinks `` i wo n't get caught '' and having officially no customers makes it a pretty stupid idea to open a business for something of which the consumption is illegal , creating a blackmarket anyways , because they then can circumvent any regulations etc. 
  but why would you ban it ? 
  people will do it anyways , all you achieve is making normal people criminals for no reason to make an ever more blatant example , it like the production of child porn being legal , but watching it a crime . 
  it 's like dealing drugs is legal but taking them not, 
  the swedish model is idiotic , it 's like making selling drugs legal but taking them illegal . 
  the only working model is the german one , and if everyone has it there would n't be such a high demand for prostitutes that there 's need to traffic them around the world trafficing only happens because it 's illegal almost everywhere else edit : oh and asking people who hate sex about it is pretty idiotic too, 
  that 's not the point though if you earn 2000 $ a month and an egg costs 19c , one egg is nothing compared to what you earn , but you 'd also call it a massive increase if the egg suddenly costs 80c the next year , even though 80c is still nothing compared to 2000 $, 
  yes exactly , and 20 % of 650000 is 130000 that more than 4 times that of last year 650k is as much as 1992 for eu-15 http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/asylum_statistics and that was already a large year, 
  compared to earlier numbers , even if only 20 % stay it 's a huge number, 
  oh god i should take a break , i read this as `` germany executing 650000 refugees this year '', 
  and you flip your shit when the germans come and dig holes in your beaches, 
  did n't exist yet, 
  cold :d no was beautiful, 
  k\u00f6lner eat schweinshaxn too , they just cook it instead of roasting it , and eisbein is also a variant of schweinshaxn, 
  i had n\u00fcrnberger with sauerkraut 2 days ago , pork knuckle maybe 6 or 7 years ago, 
  actually it was an older woman with her mentally disabled son in an old fiat panda who took us, 
  guess what happened when i was in paris for a day while travelling to the bretagne . 
  yes strike , had to walk 5km from notre dame to the eiffel tower , and then hitchhike back to the hotel . 
  huh somehow i thought bulgaria was more mediterranean looking , vegetation wise i mean . 
  it 's a lot greener than i thought . 
  i expected it to be more like southern italy , spain or greece nr 11 for example could as well be france or south tyrol , 16 is what i expected,
