  not by him, 
  oh , that changes everything  i think most people heard the name but could n't say what he wrote . 
  i know him mainly for his caricatures and `` der sandmann '', 
  i never heard of him , googled him , turns out he 's american, 
  grimm 's fairy tales , wagner 's nibelungen are by far the most well known . 
  others are the pied piper of hamelin , the trickster hero till eulenspiegel , the town musicians of bremen and faust and baron m\u00fcnchhausen [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_folklore ) a pretty good overview . 
  well , that 's the problem with being born into office and bloodlines and stuff ( and incest ) on the other hand , he is responsible for almost everything beautiful in munich and the voralpenland , except for the things the church put up . 
  he was kind of a mad genius who lost connection to reality, 
  in the video at huffpost when he blames the rise of homophobia on rightwing groups like pegida and afd, 
   you want this to be about those muslim individuals . 
  no i want this to be about what happened , all sides of it , not just one or the other and he said it 's the rise of right wingers like afd and pegida that and that muslims are n't to blame if they get angry . 
  no idea how he get 's to homophobia then and not muslims attacking nazis , but i 'm not this guy and i 'm not a member of the left authoritarian wing of the green party . 
  no i have a person who ca n't lay blame on the perpetrator for ideological or whatever bullshit reasons , it does n't even matter if they were muslims all he cares about is his homophobia narrative and somehow right wing groups in east germany and a conservative anti-immigration party are at fault for him being targeted by homophobes it 's this `` you 're not with me so you 're rightwing neonazi '' bullshit all over again feels before facts , blaming an institutionalized invisible boogeyman isntead of a bunch of assholes who are a bunch of assholes . 
  and i even think pegida and the afd are nutters and not good for germany . 
  i 'm just a left leaning libertarian who thinks people should apply ockhams razor before bringing politics into this . 
  and i 'm fed up about the predictability of being called racist or nazi if you say anything against islam , not even against muslims , jsut the idea , behind islam ( if i say the same about chistianity i get applauded ) . 
  the police report says they were s\u00fcdl\u00e4ndisch looking speaking perfect german meaning they were germans of turkish origin and thus most likely muslims and in the video in this article he blames the afd and pegida , or `` the scary rightwingers '' http://www.huffingtonpost.de/2015/07/13/marcel-rohrlack-csd_n_7783098.html, 
  oh go fuck yourself . 
  if i find it idiotic to not blame the perpetrator i clearly must hate them and be a nazi . 
  typical, 
  he visited the gay pride parade 2 . 
  he gets beaten up by muslims 3 . 
  he do n't blame the one which beat him , instead he blames pegida & afd why would he do that if not for oppression olympics ? 
  also he studies sociology and is a member of the green party . 
  studied sociology , so he buys the muslims are opressed blame the patriarchy aka pegida and afd , instead of the muslim beating him up ? 
  bielefeld the secret nazi base on the dark side of the moon still exists . 
  yep , [ that guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ludwig_ii_of_bavaria ) he was king in 1871 there was no other , i guess they have to run with what they got . 
  also his death was really a mystery, 
  since our top conspiracy is a joke and a meme , i 'll pick a bavarian one . 
  we have a secret society called guglm\u00e4nner ( originall this described the people accompaning a funeral procession ) , who believe king ludwig ii of bavaria did n't commit suicide by drowning himself in the starnberger see but was assasinated by the prussians , because bavaria was reluctant to join the 1871 empire and was basically forced to . 
  they still take out a boat on the starnberger see every year at the anniversary of ludwig ii death , to the place it is believed he drowned . 
  oh and they want the monarchy back , an independent bavaria with a king . 
  well we have around 2500-10000 years of european history together . 
  all these wars and marriages all these kings and emperors tied europe together through struggle and unions you ca n't talk about german history without mentioning france britain austria or russia ( and all the others ) same is true for any other european country, 
  11 5 5 5 5 4 3 2 11 is the highest number , or the area with the most people . 
  compare that to about 3 million in berlin 1.5 in hamburg 1.3 in munich about 1 in stuttgart and cologne i worded that a bit weird i guess , i meant that 's the greatest accumulation of people or the highest density edit : this is a list of german metropolitan areas , with ruhr having almost twice the inhabitants of nr .2 berlin https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metropolitan_regions_in_germany, 
  no cpi , consumer price index, 
  that 's true , germany is much more decentralized , and well most people live in the ruhr area which is not one city on paper . 
  there are a few more expensive places like frankfurt and d\u00fcsseldorf and the isles r\u00fcgen and sylt , the lake constance area and berlin are right now rising in prices quite heavily . 
  i had no idea canada was so expensive , accoring to http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ the uk and canada are pretty close . 
  and london is n't the only crazy expensive city in britain ? 
  i 'm pretty sure marx and engels knew that , they just made one mistake . 
  they assumed there would n't be any social parasites and everybody would work for free ( basic needs are covered by the state , like commodity and food ) to keep a self sustaining economy running . 
  no people want to own stuff and they avoid working for it if they get it free . 
  and if everyone earns the same people still do n't like working in sewers or with trash . 
  communism is an utopia , that only works with ideal people or in very small scales like hippy communes, 
  so anti-capitalist means you do n't have anything except food ? 
  like the gdr where you had to wait 15 years to get a car ? 
  or could n't buy bananas and shops were empty at noon , after you had to queue for hours to get basic consumer goods ? 
  sounds about right , there was n't a wall around berlin for aesthetic reasons or shooting borderposts everywhere alsong the borders , it was to keep people from moving away . 
  well munich is freaking expensive too , you can pay 25000 $ per m \u00b2, 
  so , are they going to name it atlantis ? 
  as a bavarian , clearly austria . 
  in germany they 're mostly known for pickpocketing and begging ( does n't mean it has to be true , but at least in my personal experience there are only 4 kinds of beggars in germany , homeless germans , punks , eastern european , polish czech etc. 
  `` need money to travel back home '' and gypsies ; i have no experience with pickpockets luckily ) . 
  i heard that beggars can make up to 800 $ a day , and they have mafia-like structures collecting all the money from beggars . 
  a big centralized funding system for education and academic research , making it easier and less time consuming to get science grants independent of which country you are in , and generally get teachers and educators a better pay and higher budgets for schools and universities . 
  i 'd also buff erasmus and student exchange programs and finance europe wide international research projects, 
  and do n't forget that the speed of sound is dependent on the density of the medium , the higher you fly the slower sound moves , so mach 4.5 at sea level might be way above mach 5 at 30km altitude, 
  wow , my planes always explode at mach 4 due to shockheating in kerbal space program, 
  sure the number for sweden is right ? 
  how old are those numbers ? 
  they do fight the kurds for decades now though , basically since the fall of the ottoman empire after ww1 , even in germany turks and kurds fight http://www.bpb.de/internationales/weltweit/innerstaatliche-konflikte/54641/kurdenkonflikt german source , no idea if there 's an english version, 
  it was a dictatorship and you would get shot or imprisoned in concentration camps for speaking up against it . 
  yes , our ancestors cheered on hitler first ( so did many other europeans ) , then most just did n't dare to speak up and then it was too late . 
  it 's not that everyone cheerfully slaughtered jews and died in stalingrad . 
  i am proud of my country , for what we did in the past ( of course not everything ) and present ( also , not everything ) , and how we overcome the dark parts of our past , every country has those , ours is just a good bit darker and on a huge scale . 
  what the fuck ? 
   the former finance minister devised an ingenious -- if unorthodox -- fallback plan to ensure liquidity for greece 's economy called stealing  hacking into the tax system , while deeply regrettable , is proportionate and justified . 
  the guardian is completely nuts , well at least philippe legraine . 
   bad analogy . 
  again , not mine , i just went with what was presented to me, 
  i just used it the same way it 's used in economics . 
  i drive 5mph , and measure after one year or quarter and get a 5 % growth . 
  so sorry i did n't include a time unit in the comment that was taking the analogy from the comment i was replying to ... 
  why do i get the impression it 's not me who has n't read that whole comment ? 
  did you read my comment and think , omg he said growth is worthless , object !, 
  i said the growth % ** alone ** is useless, 
  so where are all the people investing in south sudan turkmenistan or chad ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/country-list/gdp-annual-growth-rate seems you do n't need to know things like , where does the growth come from , is it sustainable , how did the country fare in the past , is it politically stable , is 30 % growth actually a lot of money or just a little on top of almost nothing and so on . 
   it 's a decent enough indicator if you want to have one comparatively easy to measure value that tells you whether the economy is improving or worsening . 
  i did , how does that help anything if i do n't know anything else about the economy ? 
  that info alone is worthless . 
  a cars acceleration is measured in m/s \u00b2 not % of current speed a 5mph driving car accelerating 5 % is still way slower than a 120mph car accelerating 0.2 % but you only read the 0.2 % and 5 % number -  hence useless , point made , case closed . 
  am i the only one who thinks growth as a measure alone is totally worthless ? 
  hazel dormouse , bank vole , common vole , house mouse , red squirrel , brown rat , black rat , beaver , muskrat , rabbit , european hare , european hamster , marmot , and propably a few i do n't know of . 
  also the guinea pigs of my neighbours . 
  true , but i 'd call that a compromise instead of consensus, 
   if no one ever questions the consensus , progress dies . 
  maybe it 's because i 'm a scientist not a politician , but at some point we have come so close to the truth that we reach consensus and that 's a good thing . 
  let 's take gravity , we have now enough of consensus that we can assume it 's true within a frame of conditions to work with it if we would still argue about every bit and every possible environment and never accept `` truth '' for certain conditions we would never start working on applications . 
  sure to get deeper insight we need someone who stirs discussion again , but usually that 's done when a major flaw is found in our current `` knowledge '' in politics i feel debate happens to establish dominance , to stir controvery and to further one 's ideology , not so much about truth or facts . 
  ( the reason for this of course is that sociology and politics is n't as empirical as sciences , and as such open to opinions ), 
  i do n't get it , seriously , why is having consensus a bad thing for progress ? 
  i thought consensus was the goal of debates . 
  why fight for the sake of fighting if you can get to a solution ? 
  so getting things done instead of shouting at each other is now a bad thing ? 
  ( it 's also not true , i 've watched some bundestags debates and i was appalled by the lack of respect and manners by the mps ) sure a great coalition is `` boring '' since the two biggest parties have to get to a consesus and the opposition is basically only the smaller more fringe parties . 
  no controversy in germany ? 
  consensus ?
