  next : german star singers tradition where kids dress up as the three king that brought gifts to jesus , one of them is black so they paint one face black, 
  germans do have humor !, 
  by that logic they 'd also blame the victim for getting bitten by a snake , because the snake is instinctively reacting to a percieved danger and it 's btw just this jumping from one extreme to another that only strenghtens my point , had i said that there is also a way women could reduce the risk of getting raped , ( for example by not going alone in areas that are known for a high criminality , or taking self defense courses ) i would have been accused of blaming the victim, 
  yeah , maybe i apply confirmation bias , but i 'm not special , if i do so do most others , and that is then what forms the picture in our culture sure i know people that fight for equality , but they hesitate when you ask if they are feminists, 
  how do you come from my hyperbolic statement to blaming a rape victim for being raped ? 
  i do n't see the connection , and i blame the rapist , every time, 
  but they are the most prevalent ones and they are taken seriously by anti-feminists , which not only throws a bad light on `` normal '' feminists but also makes the movement look ridiculous, 
  that was kind of my point , when i think of feminists i think of those people , when i think of doing something for equality , i think of decent reasonable people that do n't need to stick a tag on them that says i fight for xyz . 
  and everybody who considers themselves as a feminist or whatever group he/she 's rooting for , should be angry at those vocal minorities undermining the good reason behind a movement to promote their twisted propaganda if just everybody gets rid of personal prejudices and does judge people by what they do and how they behave instead of what or who they are , the world would be a much better place, 
  we are all more alike than we think i guess , 
  no , i 'm german, 
  i know what feminism pretends to be , and i 'm a `` feminist '' if it comes to equality , but just look at what the feminists today really are . 
  men hating professional victims . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7gb0xweie5s this is the reality , angry women fighting an imaginairy patriarchy , shunning stay at home mothers and hating men where is equality now ? 
  when women where opressed they were right to fight , it 's good that women may now work like men , get the same education like men , cloth however they want and vote like men all those women 's issues of today are societal issues that also affect men , modern feminists ride the wave of the 1920 and 1960ies to get a preferential treatment , but when it comes to breaking up beneficial stereotypes they suddenly are content to play the weak sex to get what they want i am for absolute equality of everyone who is a human being of legal age , regardless of gender sexual orientation skincolour religion educational background and wealth as long as it 's not ignoring the clear differences between genders like gender specific diseases, 
  feminists ? 
  in their view men are inferior or there is something fundamentally wrong with men , men are only instinct driven cheating brutal bastards while women are always victims in my view both sexes are victims and perpetrators alike , maybe in different ways , but women cheat as much as men , they lie as much as men and they are violent as much as men , the reasons for lying may be different , they may not be as brutal or scrupulous as men , but that does n't change the fact that since the third wave of the feminism movement men are regarded as the default culprit and women as the default victim for men it 's guilty until proven innocent , for women it 's the other way round, 
   by other men , mind you . 
  yes , but women just say he 's got it coming or he deserved it . 
  when a woman screams at her boyfriend/husband in public most automatically assume he did something wrong , maybe cheated on her . 
  there is a reason why we have the stereotype of the wife waiting for her husband returning home drunk with a rolling pin in her hand, 
  short : nobody thinks longterm anymore, 
  it was a german colony, 
  area wise , yeah , numbers wise ? 
  not at all , alone the southeast asia india china complex is ~ 4 billion people , + a good 1 billion in africa it 's all relative, 
  reading dutch as a german is absolutely no problem , if you know a bit of english , speaking or listening though ... nope, 
  there are several types of stay at home moms , the `` perfect '' family where the dad earns enough money , usualy middle class , engineers account managers etc. 
  living in their own house in a suburb and then there is the social security takers , usually living in satellite towns father is not there or working a lower class job like warehouseman and then there is also the 8 kids both parents unemployed situation , but gladly they are the clear minority, 
  yes spanish instead of latin would make much more sense , and if you really want your kid to learn latin , send it to a humanist gymnasium where they teach latin and old greek btw . 
  i 'm a biologist and never had latin ( or greek ) in school , no problem whatsoever, 
  nice , thanks til, 
  aside from seeing you having very similar interest as i have , i have a totally unrelated question , does igel ( german ) really translate to igelkotten in swedish ? 
  seems there is too much word in that word if you understand what i mean , 
  not decided yet , but topics i care most about is education science research and environment . 
  we need to innovate while at the same time making our industries and technology less invasive into the natural balance of ecosystems . 
  i want a beautiful , united , high tech and environmental friendly europe that still is able to play a major role on the world market , but not by quantity like the chinese but by quality , like germany . 
  50 $ yes 100 $ very rarely , if you go to an atm for 150 $ you get 2 50 $ a 20 $ 2 10 $ and 2 5 $ notes i believe the 5 and the 50 are the most used banknotes in circulation, 
  meh , whatever , if they are more durable ( which was the purpose ) why not, 
  well collectors pay 50c or so for a bank note , i have a few million reichsmark lying around myself ( grandparents had some old banknotes ), 
  good thing i 'm vaccinated ( worked with bats last year ), 
  actually what we most of the time call democracy right now is a republic , where elected representatives tend to the people 's matters a true democracy never really existed , the ancient greeks came very close in athens , every citizen had a vote , and every decision was voted on by every citizen , problem is the term citizen which excluded females , slaves , idiots , delinquents and children in present day the swiss system is maybe the closest to a real democracy , but to be fair in countries with more than a few thousand citizens it would n't be very practicable to get everyone to vote for every decision if we could referendums into the european political structure we would be closer to a democracy , just get europeans more power than deciding every few years who will take the corporate money , get rid of lobbyists and make sure every member state is represented fairly, 
  yeah how can the question : `` what 's more important , a childs health or a parents religious feeling ? '', 
  even have a debatable answer ? 
  also religious , also not in their right mind, 
  i am totally against a circumcisioun of children without medical necessity , if a grown man goes to the doctor to have his foreskin removed it 's his thing , just like getting a piercing or a tattoo . 
  i was circumcised at age 3 because my foreskin grew together and i could n't pee anymore , so there are always excemptions of the rule . 
  germany : longer shopping hours , all night public transport , and free public wifi hotspots ( and faster internet , at my loc the fastest dsl is ~ 30mbit even though i pay for 50mbit ), 
  really ? 
   according to meteorological statistics , the city is the sunniest and warmest in germany and holds the german temperature record of 40.2 \u00b0 c ( 104.4 \u00b0 f ) . 
  somethings wrong here, 
  we need to change finacial politics , especially high risk speculations , bear raiding etc. 
  the common currency brings only advantages, 
  propably because her english is not that good ? 
  she grew up in east germany where you learned russian in school , not english and french like in west germany, 
  well i guess as a bavarian , i feel closest to german culture although the bavarian-austrian-south tyrolian-swiss ( alpine ) culture is as far from german as is french culture . 
  bread , sausage and beer for food , schlager for music , dirndl and lederhosn for clothing . 
  to be honest it 's difficult , since most specialties are very regional , between munich and cologne , berlin and hamburg is a bigger difference than between bavaria and austria, 
  [ brezen ] ( http://www.bayern-blogger.de/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/breze.jpg ) i , as a bavarian , now in swabia living german have never eaten a mettbr\u00f6tchen in my whole life . 
  someone dose n't understand correlation , there are always two ways you can see a correlation , but only one way how cause aand effect relate same with all those `` religion makes stupid '' articles , no , smart people are not religious, 
  not into the sun , it wo n't steer the comet , but badass nontheless, 
  i did n't know you were not allowed to donate blood as a gay in my country , that 's kind of embarassing ( how is this even enforced ? 
  do they ask you if you 're gay when donating blood ? 
  i never experienced that ), 
  no , there are people here in germany that drink a beer ( 0,5 l ) every evening, 
  to be serious for a moment , those are very secular countries with religion playing a very minor role, 
  i see a trend there ... they 're all neighbours or very close to germany :p, 
  you may have made a joke here , but a town in sicily made a law against dying a few years ago , because the cemetry was full , in the first week 2 people broke the law ( since the average age of the town was like 70 ), 
  putin is really creepy in this one ... 
  not that the place was there before the nazis , shall we let all places where a nazi held a speech now let rot ? 
  if a bank boss says merkel is bad , she 's the right person for europe, 
  also long console cycle , since every game is now a console port and runs on a pc 5 years old , nobody needs to invest in better hardware and yes the casuals go with macs or tablets nowadays, 
  i know , and i said you could compare beer to water , since that cancels out the wages, 
  just compare beer prices to mineral water prices , in germany some table waters are more expensive than beer, 
  wow never knew there were so many in germany, 
  oh right , sorry , there 's the german slipping through again , 
  but i still expected the metropolitan areas munich hamburg ruhrgebiet stuttgart and maybe berlin to be colored like frankfurt esp since the south ( bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ) makes almost a third of the bip, 
  so competitiveness is everywhere where banks are ? 
  what is actually meant by competitiveness ? 
  the mindset ? 
  the place where money is made ( because it 's not the places with a lot of produced goods apparently ) ? 
  the hre was already broken when napoleon came , the 30 years war was the breaking point iirc , but it officially existed until napoleon , that 's right, 
  the culture one is weird , i expected france to be way more on the `` our culture is superior '' side , at least the few french i know are very proud of their culture ... maybe it 's because they do n't life in france at the time ? 
  is this a series or was this a one time documentary ? 
  i 'd really like to see them living in a few other parts of germany , since sending someone to bavaria is like sending someone to scotland to show them the way of life in britain, 
  it 's also not true that we do n't have humor, 
  i agree , i even know the british people likes us germans , it 's only the press and comedians that still seem to live in the 10 years after the war, 
  how is it that every article titled in a negative way regarding germany is a british one . . ? 
  100 % in 1:49 , but i did n't realize there was a timer until the 1 min mark , and i have to confess i guessed lithuania estonia and latvia , ca n't remember which one is which, 
  funny that the newest polls show 4 % country wide for the pirates , they doubled their numbers in the last few days, 
  to comfort you , 400 $ jobbers dont pay tax and are eligable for social aid if it 's their only income also quite a few students who work 1 day a week or 40 hrs a month are 400 $ jobbers, 
  1 do not agree - 5 fully agree iirc, 
  with 89 % less than 30 years old and over 50 % full time students who answered not so surprising , and quite promising for the future i 'd like to see such a survey with a broader demographic, 
  we germans are the humblest of all europeans , because we still get confronted with that stupid war all the time . 
  you british ought to finally get over it , and do n't blame us for everything you do n't like !, 
  ( i 'm aware that 's mostly british media , the brits are nice people and most germans love britain and the british ) and one german speaking idiot ( who may not even be from germany ) is not a reason to `` warn '' the world of the rise of germany ... and then calling us arrogant . 
  work with us together , do n't insist on your special role in europe , and we are all better off , together !, 
  that article only shows that even almost 80 years after the war it 's not allowed to be german and proud of an accomplishment . 
  what logic is that , oh someone is fatter than we are , we are no longer fat ? 
  still number 2 america !, 
  that only shows how much politicians really know about the internet ... they somehow missed a whole culture,
