  that 's all ... 
  i think we have a different understanding of `` peasant '' , i 'm not talking about the profession , i 'm talking about the class . 
  back then basically everyone not a noble was a peasant , and the archers were definitely not nobles, 
  sure but that does n't mean they were n't peasants chevaliers were nobles , longbow men highly trained ordinary people , peasants, 
  it was the law for every man and boy to train with the bow during the tudor age, 
  you can be a peasant and a soldier you know ? 
  they were peasants , who trained with the bow since they were young . 
  the bow is cheap , the french had their chevaliers who wore armor worth a few hundred peasants yearly salaries, 
  yes the french warfare centered around highly armored chevaliers ( knights ) , those were rich nobles with impenetrable armor to conventional arrows , the most that could happen to them was falling off the horse and taken for ransom . 
  until the longbow . 
  suddenly these privileged noble cocks riding their horses in armour worth more than the salary of a few hundred peasants were vulnerable and died . 
  to the french it was a huge affront , and that 's why the longbow made such an impact on history . 
  sargon of akkad did a video on them , https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3cvh50fbr0, 
  they are the good guy in this case . 
  a state owned television entity refusing part of the political system not to take part in open debate is undemocratic . 
  maybe even unconstitutional . 
  we , the german people pay for the swr , it 's state television, 
  i dare say temperatures around 5 \u00b0 c to potentially -15 \u00b0 c make it a bit tricky, 
  today is carneval , [ narrensprung ( jester 's jump ) ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=narrensprung&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjc_-krwrdkahvhpw4khr9ma7iqsaqilw&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=951#tbm=isch&amp;q=narrensprung+ulm ) in ulm , germany, 
  these numbers will go up significantly in all western countries . 
  now most of elderly people living in poverty are widows who never worked living of a meager pension after their husband died . 
  but now the single moms will get older too , who never earned much and do n't get a widows pension . 
   define assimilated ? 
  because with your conditions , there is no such thing as coexistence . 
  if no violence , they are `` assimilated '' . 
  if violence , coexistence is impossible !, 
  can you see the logical loop here ? 
  yes that 's what i said , why loop ? 
  i said coexistence does n't work . 
  london , berlin , paris ... all have quarters with exclusively pakistani , turkish , north african ( algerian ) population . 
  in berlin they go to a friedensrichter , leave out police make their own laws . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uvosuuujioc documentary of the zdf about parallel societies in germany , there was a version with english subtitles , but i ca n't seem to find it anymore ... 
  have you read my comment ? 
  i said `` they either assimilated '' then it 's not coexistence anymore or `` violence happened '' of course you can find example where it worked , like the amish in pennsylvania but the us itself is the exemption of the rule , they are all different cultures from the beginning having formed their own culture that is based on having a lot of different cultures, 
  better than forcing people to accept your culture right ? 
  it 's not just the holocaust , jews have been shunned for over 2000 years . 
  especially during the medieval times . 
  no idea what you intend with that pegida comment , never listened to anything they said . 
  i was just giving an example of historical relevance , not a judgement on jews of any kind . 
  i could also have used coptic christians in egypt after the arab spring , or the aboriginal cultures of america and australia , the armenian genocide etc. 
   of course it is hard to pin down what is incitement . 
  but it should n't , i thought it meant `` it directly caused harm committed by someone else '' . 
  that may be hard to prove , but actually it should n't be that hard to pin down . 
  the innocent until proven guilty principle , which is imho the most important in our legislative system is getting eroded on the base of feelings , that should never happen . 
  you ca n't just start punishing people without being reasonably certain just because they allegedly committed a certain type of crime like rape of racist hate crimes . 
  then we have witch-burning back , and the inquisition is back recruiting . 
  do we actually want cultural coexistence ? 
  as in two distinct cultures sharing one country ? 
  historically that has never worked , either one culture assimilated or cultural differences led to bloodshed and forced migration . 
  i might sound like a cynic , but ask the jews how much success they had with having a culture withing different other cultures . 
  in my opinion it only works if the minority coming to another culture adopts the important societal parts of that majority culture , while bringing part of their culture into the majority culture . 
  but to work the majority culture must accept the new parts ( like we did with pizza or caf\u00e9s or d\u00f6ner or blue jeans and pop music and fast food ) what does n't work is a parallel culture with parts of town being exclusively a different culture with people never leaving never interacting with the outside culture , with people regulating their own laws and not even trying to integrate . 
  that 's just like a permanent siege , a permanent tug of war who get 's the say . 
  but we have the right of free expression ( except for the holocaust part , that really is an illegal opinion ) , inciting violence is a crime in the us too . 
  the problem is , the judgement what `` incites '' is incredibly subjective . 
  i always thought it meant you ca n't go out on the street set up a box and hold a speech how group x has to die , everybody take a weapon and start killing group x. 
  ( the second part being important ) not some despicable tasteless comment like `` i hope they all die '' , that 's not incitement imho only three kinds of speech should ever be legally punished : espionage , incitement of violence ( not indirect ) and libel/fraud/lying under oath basically speech that directly causes harm , provable harm . 
  not some wishy washy that agitates the general population, 
  oh god it 's gamergate all over again , when being mean on twitter is worse than isis maybe they can bring up their un report on cyber violence again ? 
  there is n't any excuse for rape . 
  or they join those who do n't care in the underground , usually the actually dangerous ones what does the angry 17 year old do if he ca n't vent on facebook ? 
  he goes to the stormfront forums and becomes a neo nazi . 
  maybe she should play a bit `` papers please '' first . 
   that is entirely your opinion . 
  of course that 's my opinion  a democracy that can protect itself against agitators of that kind is a good thing . 
  that 's why there are legislative hurdles , built into the system , like preventing a single person taking over in case of war/crisis ( like 1933 ) no need to ban/censor/forbid `` dangerous '' opinions , it * is * opinions we 're talking about not deeds . 
  no definitly not . 
  the law begins with `` wer in einer weise , die geeignet ist , den \u00f6ffentlichen frieden zu st\u00f6ren '' if you think that saying a bigoted thing on facebook is able to disturb the public peace , you might want to reevaluate what that actually means . 
  it means not that someones getting offended ... 
  3 minutes google search led me to things like racist jokes , and a comment like this one :  ... und ??? 
  ? 50 weniger die auf unsere kosten leben ... yes that 's not nice , but that 's not a crime either, 
   where did you get that idea ? 
  religions are made up of the people who follow them ; they do n't exist if they do n't have believers . 
  sure and me saying i do n't like apple pcs makes me not like people working at apple ? 
  or disliking football makes me hate the players ? 
  or do you hate my grandparents when you criticize fascism ? 
  that 's not how it works , at all . 
   sure , of course democracy allows dissenting opinions , but there is ( as i previously said ) a minimum threshold that needs to be passed no there should n't be a threshold , a threshold means not all opinions are valued the same , that 's discrimination . 
  discrimination is undemocratic laws are for actions not thoughts ( or at least should be ), 
   no , no actually not . 
  it 's perfectly possible to censor some opinions while leaving all the others be . 
  that 's not freedom of speech/press/religion that 's discrimination . 
   and if you truly define free speech in such an all or nothing way , well , then free speech is not really a good concept , so there 's no point in preserving it . 
  whoa what ? 
  you literally dismissed the base of all of western civilization , the enlightenment and the probably constitution of the country you live in . 
  first , yes they do , the hate speech law does cover incitement not free opinions . 
  it 's illegal to say `` let 's all go and kill x group '' it 's not illegal to say `` i hate x group '' . 
  and nobody ever should be punished for having the `` wrong '' thoughts . 
  there are only 3 kinds of speech punishable by law , inciting violence/crimes , fraud and espionage . 
   you seem very confident in that certainty ; why ? 
  because islam is an idea , a religion , you ca n't be racist against ideas . 
   that do n't meet the basic principles of a democratic rechtstaat so where does that end ? 
  is racism undemocratic ? 
  how are there communist or neonazi parties in a democracy then ? 
  it 's not as easy as jsut banning everything that is currently not politically correct , or not the majority opinion . 
  in a democracy everyone can have every opinion , it 's not majority or nothing ( that 's communism ) . 
  and treating some opinions differently from others is the motherlode of undemocratic, 
  they are , criticising islam and calling it atrocious is not racism , but is often called racism , for example . 
  but even real racism should n't be illegal for an individual . 
  there should n't be thought crime and wrong think as crimes in the laws of a democratic country .
