  and yes , before someone tells me , i know that far right elements run with pegida , and no i do n't agree with them basically if the far left screams and behaves like bumbling idiots the far right gains , and vice versa , yet 90 % + of the population are somewhere in the middle, 
  [ not yet ... ] ( http://mygaming.co.za/news/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/mr-burns-evil-grin-530x298.jpg ), 
  it 's not only about parasites , but drought resistance ( climate change anyone ? 
  ) , resistance to pathogens like fungus and viruses , or adding genes that allow plants to do things they ca n't like produce vitamin b ( google golden rice ) or produce ethanol for bio-ethanol production and no pesticides are not the whole point , the point is to need less pesticides . 
  and that 's from a scientists standpoint , not a corporate . 
  i 'm not defending corporate policies and what they do with gmos , i defend the concept of gmos in general . 
  there is no evidence gmos are any worse for the environment or ecosystems than conventionally bred hybrids/crops please tell me how anyone would know a plant that acquired a gene through mutation caused by radioactive cobalt 60 ( which is commonly used in creating new strains of crops ) or through hybridization or through a bacterial vector . 
  only one of those plants has that pesky gmo label . 
  but technically already only selective breeding is genetic modification , only the techniques have changed , we just do n't have to hope that right mutation shows up randomly , but we can directly introduce it in the plant now . 
  that 's all that changed . 
  well and that we now can create hybrids of plants who can interbreed . 
  like adding a gene of corn into rice to make rice produce vit b which is a huge factor in health in the 3rd world . 
  ( it 's not about starving , it 's about quality of food ), 
  for how long ? 
  and not in the way we do now , and what about vitamin deficiencies in 3rd world countries caused by the sole access to polished rice ? 
  the us does n't need gmos , but india , china and africa does . 
  and do you rather eat corn that was sprayed with 15 chemicals that do god knows to you ( and everything in the surrounding of the fields ) or has had a gene implanted that makes it resistent to fungus ? 
  and no organic is no alternative , because then there is not enough food for everyone . 
  my only gripe with these protesters is the anti-gmo subset spewing unscientific bullshit and fearmongering , aside from that i 'm opposed to ttip, 
  [ best march ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdaxflkl8ok ) [ best flag ] ( http://www.fahnenversand.de/shop/images/artikel/1520.jpg ) but i also like the two-headed eagle of the [ hre ] ( http://img4.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20141226190634/potcoplayers/images/0/0b/holy-roman-empire-flag-digital-art-hd-wallpaper-1920x1080-5563.jpg ), 
  merkel going to zuckerberg for example ? 
   ' i can say whatever i want without the state being able to punish me no , that 's clearly not true , you 're right . 
  i just have the right to speak , that does n't shield me from any consequences , like being punished if my speech hurts someone, 
   everyone who marches with them and does not try either stop them from shouting their bullshit or leaves as soon as people around him start screaming this shit it at least a nazi symphatizer by association . 
  i read this as an endorsement of censorship , sorry if that was not your intent . 
  guilt by association is still wrong though . 
  if you 're talking about inciting violence , you 're right . 
  if you talk about snowden , yes it happens , but that does n't make it right . 
  free speech is never a shield , it 's taking the shields away from everyone . 
  you ca n't hide behind claims of racism or bigotry if the opposition has the same right to speak as you do . 
  oh and btw . 
  calling one side out for their bullshit does n't mean i 'm automatically on the other side , life is not that simple , there is not just right and left , white and black , pro or against, 
  so how exactly does forbidding idiots to scream nazi paroles in the street make this a freer country ? 
  you 're fighting fire with fire so do n't wonder if suddenly everything burns . 
  talk about them , have discussions , do n't censor them , if you do , you 're just as hateful and authoritarian as they are , only you think you 're `` on the right side of history , and fighting for the good cause '' every atrocity in human history began with people thinking like that . 
  any authoritarian is scary , free speech is what keeps them in check , and free speech is clearly under attack, 
  you ca n't blanket dismiss a notion just because neonazis latch on to it ( or any other `` uncool '' ideology ) , the basic tactic to dismiss anything as racist , sexist , rightwing , homophobe etc. 
  is just another form of censorship free speech means everyone has a right to speak , even radicals and those you disagree with . 
  from what i have heard krakow is the hipster capital in poland , but i have n't been there yet . 
  or attacked american soldiers, 
  brainwashed by identity politics fanatics , muh islamophobia , censor everything that is offensive to anyone except cis-gendered heterosexual white men ( japanese are white ) ben affleck vs. sam harris sums it up, 
  too bad those maps go so far back that they do n't discern between germanic , slavic and romanic languages wolf , volk and lupo are all green, 
  they basically imitated an idealized version of ancient rome, 
  yes the euro was an enabler , that 's what i was trying to say . 
  i agree , it is usually more complicated than just `` it 's the euros fault '' or `` it 's their own fault '' i just do n't see how greece would n't be in a similar situation if they had the same loan conditions and kept their drachme the main reason for greece 's situation is politics of greece and the eu , the euro just made some things easier which led to this situation . 
  greece has fucked itself by exploiting the eurozones cheap loans , heavy spending and taking too many loans they ca n't pay . 
  that 's not necessarily the fault of the euro , it 's the fault of greek politics first , european politics second and the euro is just a minor piece of the puzzle . 
  nobody blamed the collapse of the housing bubble in the us on the dollar , and nobody said nevada should n't have joined the fiscal union of the united states . 
  ok gps is a point , music does n't need you to hold it in the hand or looks at it , though . 
  why the fuck would you use a phone on a bike ? 
  would n't call that culture , it 's more an overarching mentality and common sense, 
  nothing really , germany is a country of many diverse cultures . 
  some very closely related , some only share the german language . 
  at certain times they gather around a box emitting light in changing colours to watch what we call `` bundesliga '' or `` formel 1 '' here . 
  also white socks and sandals + wifebeater and khaki shorts for the older generation , tons of survival gear and 10 different jackets for every occasion from jack wolfskin northface mammuth etc. 
  for the younger generation and if you can eat a schnitzel anywhere , you 'll also find them ( never understood people visiting italy to eat wiener schnitzel with pommes ), 
  unless they add more american things and do n't find european things to add , so they wo n't add american things ... 
  great , now we get even less non-european stuff , because all this does is make them not add non-european stuff to keep the quota , not add extra european stuff, 
  and you bought everything the media writes about the afd , not what the afd writes about the afd . 
  i do n't deny that genuine bigots are part of it , but the party program is not something that says `` get rid of all muslims '', 
  well i hope we learned * something * from history , maybe i 'm too optimistic , but i ca n't imagine it happen in germany ever again . 
  those goals tend to get more and more ridiculous and less and less people support them, 
  understanding alone wo n't help either , doing something only they are willing to do when the population of your country wants it done will . 
  but as long as everyone just willing to talk about issues 2 % to the right get treated as if they are literally hitler , nobody will dare to do so , except those who are literally hitler, 
  lacking any kind of control is objectively unreasonable, 
  i hope far enough to fix current problems and not too far to create new ones . 
  it 's at least based on marxist ideas, 
  pc censorship is exactly what the ussr and kgb used https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qj2fmeer5mw ideological subversion , psychological warfare , look at china and their social media good guy points system . 
  if you bring people to censor themselves to not offend someone you can push any ideology you want , the difference between us and the soviets is , that the offense taking party is not the state but all kinds of `` social activists '', 
  i 'm currently living in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg though and you do have almost 50 % more population than bavaria, 
  looked through some prices , found it 's about 5,80 $ per 1kg, 
  well for years people have been crying for germany to take more leadership in europe , then the crisis hit , everybody waited for germany to do something , and now they blame germany for having done something . 
  sure not everything germany has done was great , but at least we do n't just sit here and complain about germany, 
  more like the alpine region , southern germany , switzerland , western austria and northern italy . 
  we share a lot of culture , while i 'd say though that the `` lowland '' austrians around vienna and burgenland neusiedlersee ( i feel those are closer to the steppes of hungary , and more centered around wine than beer and brotzeit ) etc , are less relatable than tyrolians salzburger land etc. 
  we share the zwetschgen and marillen influence though . 
  as a guy from munich i 'd say i can most relate to austria , czech republic ( bohemia ) and slovenia switzerland is closer to swabia and the black forest culture . 
  me neither, 
  just pull the plug and go atlantis, 
  you can argue that siemens profited greatly from the nazi regime and the slave workers they gave them . 
  but i ca n't find anything about gas chambers at all . 
  wikipedia says the americans invented the gas chamber and executed the first criminal with it in 1924, 
  oh look taking poor people into the country increases poverty in those countries , who 'd have thought ? 
  what an inflammatory title , why could n't they just write `` germany to assess refugee skillsets to integrate them accordingly into the workforce '' they do nothing you would n't be doing at a job interview in a larger company or at the arbeitsamt to try find a profession ( or which subject to study at a university ) suiting you after finishing school, 
  usually when used in sentences nouns do n't have articles , i think they are only used if some sort of direction or passiveness is expressed . 
  `` er spielte mit der geige '' ( he played with the violin ) contrary to `` er spielt geige '' ( he plays the violin ), 
  i learned french and english in school , and did one year italian voluntarily to participate in a student exchange , later at university i took 2 courses of spanish . 
  never regretted any of it , although i would have to relearn some vocabulary mostly to get to a decent level ( reading is not really a problem everything else though ... ) in spanish and italian i 'd like to learn another germanic language like danish and some slavic language , probably polish , although i heard the grammer is a nightmare . 
  but i do have polish roots , half my mothers grandparents were polish ( although it was germany back then and nobody of my relatives lives in poland anymore ), 
  it 's the biggest gay pride parade on earth ? 
  for some reason gays love that shit to death, 
  who 's the fat guy with pickelhaube and belgian flag ? 
  yep , that 's what i linked . 
  well , i already linked one alternative , and of course you can just use a proxy or vpn to watch it on youtube, 
  no , some sort of broadcasting licensing stuff , afaik youtube would have to pay a fee to become a licensed broadcaster in germany ( basically register as a tv/radio station ) , since they do n't want to live streaming on youtube is disabled except for hangouts and youtube gaming . 
  the message just says `` this broadcaster has not made the stream available in your country '', 
  and for the germans you can watch it on [ phoenix in the ard mediathek ] ( http://www.ardmediathek.de/tv/phoenix/live?kanal=5888 ) ( youtube stream is not available ) edit : if you 're watching the phoenix stream , do n't be dissuaded by the current message , that only applies for the current broadcast , the eurovision will be livestreamed at 21:00, 
  well i was in elementary school back then and half of the boys loved knight rider , if i was 5 years older i guess it would have been baywatch, 
  on the contrary , people loved knight rider in the 80s , nobody really cared about his singing ( he had not a single # 1 hit in germany ) , except for looking for freedom , which was pretty successful . 
  but every german knows the wind of change from the scorpions is the hymn of our reunification edit : and apparently he was the person most photographed ( during that time ) by the * bravo * , a teen magazine read by 13 year old girls,
