  if i knew that potato peels could be such a thing on the internet ... i just do n't like them ok ? 
  depends on the vegetable , i have especially a problem with potatoes , do n't care about unpeeled carrots, 
   you can boil potatoes with the skin and peel it off afterwards yep that 's what i do , but not if you cook them in curry with sausages , that 's too late, 
  no apple skin is different , because apples are hard and the skin breaks off together with the apple , when eating a potato with skin the potato turns to mash and the skin stays mostly whole ( it would be the same with cooked apples ) i just do n't like it at all i do n't mind it on potato chips or french fries too much ( frying makes it crispy and break when chewing , and pieces of skin are smaller in advance ) , but wedges or halved/quartered potatoes with skin are a no go for me . 
  it feels like eating paper ? 
  i once had a french roommate , he was the worst cook i ever knew ( i 'm german , bavarian to be exact ) . 
  he boiled wei\u00dfwurst ( in its skin ) with potatoes ( unpeeled ) added curry powder to it and called it a stew . 
  what a radical notion !, 
  and it was 180.000 in q1 , that 's 700.000 + you know you can turn it like you want , by taking the strongest day or the weakest or you can take a longer span of time and get more accurate i took the 180.000 number because that is what de maiziere said a few days ago ( and as such it was all over the news ), 
  still twice as many as the same time period last year , let 's not forget that , and if the rate remains steady , there will be another 700.000-800 .000 refugees coming this year . 
  [ you still hate everyone else ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/files/2014/10/ft_turkey.world_.png ), 
  let 's hope this does n't go like in belgium http://www.digitaltrends.com/cool-tech/call-brussels-tourism-campaign/, 
  vitamin c is water soluble and any excess is just excreted . 
  there is no chronic toxic dose . 
  at most you get diarrhea http://www.mayoclinic.org/healthy-lifestyle/nutrition-and-healthy-eating/expert-answers/vitamin-c/faq-20058030 only fat soluble vitamins can be overdosed . 
  and frosta frozen meals are the only ones even remotely edible imho , all the other taste like ass and have the texture of cat vomit, 
  yes , bavaria has all of these, 
  but often it 's not the company blocking you , i bet most companies were glad if they could sell their product to you , but ca n't because of the customs office/laws of that country , import/export fees , having to buy a licence , local laws and so on, 
  i do n't understand this , why exactly is it a problem ? 
  and do n't we have 2.240.000.000.000 debt ? 
  that 's 11x the surplus of last year, 
  how do you know ? 
  what is obvious ? 
  she being chained to a wall ? 
  do legal girls have to wear id cards saying they 're legal then ? 
  i guess if she 's underage you could tell , but wait , that 's already illegal !, 
  someone did n't think at all when proposing this law . 
  how would you know if a girl is forced or voluntarily working in a bordell in a country with legal prostitution . 
  this is such a nonsense, 
  yeah that 's basically what i just said . 
  my bad , the first use was indeed not by isis , but an algerian intellctual sliman ben ibrahim in 1918 . and was brought up in the modern west by kofi annan in 2004 . i did mix up something , it was n't isis but the muslim brotherhood who is responsible for its widespread use today . 
  the term really gained track with the arab spring in egypt . 
  the regressive morons just thankfully jumped on it . 
  after isis coined islamophobia which caught on in the west , i 'm not surprised anymore . 
  i have to agree, 
  i think you 're right , it seems most politicians care most about the feelings of potential voters , appearing likable or talking about topics that require empathy compassion or just party loyalty that 's not necessarily wrong , but it needs a fact based fundamental to stand on , which i too often can not see . 
  i meant what he said to sam , he made the perfect example of the regressive left of himself . 
  thank ben affleck for it , well partially , but he was definitely one of the reasons it spread, 
  and that 's the whole problem , somewhere in the last 20 years parties stopped having their own identity and all became mainstream yay-sayers with no real profile . 
  and since the regressive left is en vogue at the moment , they all just parrot their talking points . 
  i have the feeling nobody in politics thinks for their own anymore and those who do are looked at strange . 
  what 's first , the chicken or the egg , in that case , is a centrist party creating stability ? 
  i do n't know , what i know though is that extremist parties create instability . 
  and voting the opposite of what the pendulum swings at the moment will just make the pendulum swing further , and further until something explodes , keeping reason and considering both sides ( which i think centrist parties should do ) will slow the swing down . 
  a good centrist party is like a counterweight , while an extremist party is like a rocket motor . 
  centre right let over a million refugees into germany , merkel is not of a left party , do n't forget that . 
  maybe the liberals in germany fill that role to an extent , but they took a dive in the last decade , only now they gained a little bit again . 
  all they did the last time they were in power was lowering the taxes for hoteliers . 
  i myself as a left leaning libertarian rationalist am completely unrepresented in germany , the pirates had some good points , but they descended into far left identity politics , same for the green party ( except in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg where the conservative wing is stronger ) the spd has done nothing of worth since ruining social services 20 years ago when ironically the social democrat turned out to be the biggest corporate shill in my lifetime , the csu is not available in the whole country , and the cdu did that weird left shift on social issues while still annoying me with `` anti-science religious '' points like their stem cell research and gay marriage stance . 
  and die linke is just a communist party . 
  my political views would probably best represented by a black green yellow ( cds/csu greens fdp ) , but it 's a crap shoot , all these parties have about 50 % i do n't like . 
  sued my ass , ever heard of free expression and satire ? 
  that 's the whole point of satire and every sane jurisdiction sends someone suing back to the bosporus . 
  or do we live in a country in which foreign heads of state can dictate whet our citizens are allowed to say ? 
  yes the zdf is publicly funded , but it is not `` state television '' . 
  yes , give the bully what he wants , that has worked every time in the past / s, 
  which germany ? 
  the federal republic ? 
  sure . 
  the land and identity of people living in central europe ? 
  no , we fought the romans , remember ? 
  the kaisers of the hre were called deutscher kaiser , etc. . . 
  i do n't have a credit card , but i do almost everything with my ec ( electronic cash ) card , which books stuff directly from my giro account i ca n't go into debt with it , but i also do n't have to pay fees or carry cash around i use cash only to buy food or groceries at the street market , food stands etc. 
  there are tourists in turkey who are neither german nor russian ? 
  i can change channel on the tv during an ad segment for how long ? 
  50 years now ? 
  ( i think that 's about how long we have private run tv stations in germany ) but it 's the internet everything is tooootally different now , bastards try everything . 
  i would n't call it `` failing on capitalizing political opportunities '' , they did that , came to power and then fucked it up . 
  and now they are masters in ignoring their populus , but that 's true for all politicians except those at both extreme fringes . 
  ha , streisand effect in full swing , i would n't have heard anything about this if he had n't demanded the deletion . 
  well the conclusion of people thinking islam is much more prevalent in europe than it really is , can only be that it stands out and makes itself bigger than reality . 
  watch [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/tv74kis8i7a?t=6m45s ) it 's a summary of an expert on radicalization within europe through these parallel cultures and then tell me i 'm still tripping and that we do things right here . 
  it us , we need to make sure these people integrate in our society , not just live here, 
  http://www.bizpacreview.com/2015/03/02/muslim-costco-employee-refuses-to-touch-pork-sues-after-getting-transferred-to-different-department-183683 you misunderstood , nobody is forced to , it 's the opposite , we do everything to accomodate to those who do n't want to . 
  the point is , you do n't have to , you get special treatment because of your religion , do you think i would get special privileges in the middle east for my atheist belief ? 
  what would happen if i sue a mosque for disturbing my sleep , or do you think i can enter women 's only parts of shops etc. 
  because i 'm not believing in islam ? 
  and how entitled can you be to attack volutary helpers in refugee camps over the food which you did n't like . 
  that 's called liberalism , it 's dying right now . 
  collectivist politics is taking over for quite a while . 
  it 's the left the right the immigrants , the muslims , the whites , the women , nobody is talking about individuals right now . 
  the point is , i would not drink in places i would n't get away with it , and afterwards complain that my culture is disrespected by germanophobes, 
  right , but we `` rip out one of our legs '' ( as we say in germany ) to have halal meat , not have them handle pork , have free days on ramadan in school and so on and grant them permission to wear the head scarf , when it 's usually not permitted/condoned to cover your head/face . 
  they are in our country and have to get used to our life . 
  but as long as we just say `` well it 's their culture , do n't be a racist '' they 'll never adapt , there will always be a cultural gap , and that will always lead to frictions . 
  parallel societies , felt or real oppression , etc. 
  you do n't solve any problem that immigration causes by pandering and thus keeping the immigrants from integrating into society . 
  this shit just will ensure they are always `` the others '' . 
  if i 'd emigrate i would n't want to be `` the other '' , the odd one out , i would want to be part of the society . 
  and that does n't even mean i have to give up anything of my own culture , it only means that i have to adopt some new things and do n't expect anyone to adopt my culture . 
  it 's nice if that happens , but that 's always a bonus . 
  but i also ca n't just ignore their culture and act as if i was in germany, 
  i can drink alcohol in afghanistan , pakistan or iran in public ? 
  that 's new to me edit : funny enough i ca n't even do that in the us, 
  try building sausage stands and selling pork and bacon there , sit in beergardens and drink beer and have your wife wear miniskirts in public while she 's driving a vespa to go shopping on her own . 
  and when you do n't get holidays on easter complain in public, 
  we just have efficient queues in the cantina, 
  we would need a new name continuing that trend , eurasian union ? 
  http://footage.framepool.com/mov/161-879-609.ogv http://news.nationalgeographic.com/news/2004/03/0309_040309_giantcrabs.html sure but that does n't help if they are the only thing left to eat , the mitten crabs even clog up dams, 
  no i 'm a biologist working on crustaceans .
