  but i used to play wow for good 5 years too . 
  do n't mess with bavarians , if somebody suggests stuttgart as the capital of greater bavaria we might as well just skip to the dark ages again . 
   people who die of lung cancer which they got because they smoke ( only cannabis ) , are deaths directly attributable to cannabis . 
  not really , if they leave the cannabis out they still die  i 'm trying to make the point that `` hur dur you ca n't even die from it '' is factually wrong , and makes cannabis look worse . 
  but my joke only works with a 0 or 1, 
  related , maybe , if you think of driving under influence and such , sure . 
  or the effects of smoking . 
  [ a fatal marijuana overdose in humans would take 40,000 times the amount of thc that it took to get them high in the first place . 
  ] ( http://www.newhealthguide.org/can-you-overdose-on-marijuana.html ), 
   the gender pay gap ( gpg ) in unadjusted form represents the difference between average gross hourly earnings of male paid employees a nd of female paid employees as a percentage of average gross hourly earnings of male paid employees , in the sectors of industry , construction and services ( except public administration , defense , compulsory social security ) . 
  the indicator has been defined a s unadjusted ( e.g. 
  not adjusted according to individual characteristics that may explain part of the earnings difference ) because it should give an overall picture of gender inequalities in terms of pay . 
  the gender pay gap is the consequence of various ine qualities ( structural differences ) in the labour market such as different working patterns , differences in institutional mechanisms and systems of wage setting . 
  consequently , the pay gap is linked to a number of legal , social and economic factors which go far beyond the single issue of equal pay for equal work . 
  this is all you need to know that those stats are pure propaganda , and study that does n't compare male to female employment with individuals in the exact same position , length of employment , workhours , worktime , etc. 
  is pretty much useless . 
  i still doubt that there is any profession where a man with a 5 year employment 40hr workweek 9-5 job , no extra hours does n't earn more than 3-5 % more or less than a woman with the exact same education and above parameters . 
  oh god !, 
  the cannabis deaths will rise exponentially at least from 0 to 0 ^ 10, 
  i guess spain has many foreign companies who have production facilities in spain then ? 
  seat is the only spanish automobile trademark i know of , while there are citroen peugeot renault and bougatti i think of when thinking of french automobiles . 
  yet somehow spain is higher up the list than france , which i did n't expect, 
  little old ladies do n't wear `` sharia police '' vests . 
  for example running around and telling people what to do and not to do ? 
  i guess that 's a backdoor way to say `` no nazi uniforms '' and the executive branch of a country should n't be political either, 
  is n't there also a law against impersonating law enforcement personnel ? 
  yes wrong word , meant `` tempting ? '', 
  muslims , `` provoking ? '', 
  muslims . 
  [ he suggested banning `` sexist '' advertisement to not offend muslims . 
  those are the most notable ones , if you want a comprehensive list take [ this one ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_germanischer_st%c3%a4mme ) but who heard of 90 % of those before ? 
  i could have also mentioned the frisians , but i forgot about them, 
  yeah that 's exactly my point , it 's called saxony because there were saxons living there so what was your point ? 
  it 's what we also call humanism . 
  [ oh fuck off ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/sachsen_%28volk%29#/media/file:holy_roman_empire_1000_map-de.png ), 
  the violent ones usually are the left wingers protesting right wingers, 
  all these states have in common a saxon heritage , the ancient saxons , back when we just has saxons franks alemanni and bavarians, 
  he is one of the most idiotic politicians we have . 
  no shit , the left just calls everyone racist who has a debate that includes anything but unconditional immigration, 
  there is an easy way to prevent many of those deaths , make clear that not everyone can just come and get stuff for free . 
  ( that is what those people are told by traffickers and our media and politicians to various extents ) look at australia , they just made clear that they send everyone back who does n't go the official way and it worked . 
  you wo n't believe how many people use flash drives they found somewhere there was an experiment where researchers dropped flash drives at the parking space of a big tech firm ( or something like that ) , and then counted how many of those drives were used . 
  [ article ] ( https://www.comptia.org/about-us/newsroom/press-releases/2015/10/26/find-a-flash-drive-pick-it-up-experiment-shows-how-lack-of-cybersecurity-knowledge-can-impact-organizations ) [ study , pdf ] ( https://zakird.com/papers/usb.pdf ), 
  great , i live about 40km from it edit : 46.1 km by car according to google , and more like 37km direct distance, 
  the left is calling everyone racist , including themselves, 
  happy to help , have a nice trip, 
  dresden is a beautiful city , it 's also called florence at the elbe , they have great art museums and the s\u00e4chsische schweiz the surrounding area is blessed with sights like [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a4chsische_schweiz#/media/file:basteibr%c3%bccke_morgens_%28zuschnitt%29.jpg ) dubrovnik is one of the most beautiful and historically interesting cities at the adriatic , zagreb is well just the capital ( not an ugly city , but not famous either ), 
  i 'd change the stop in croatia to dubrovnik instead of zagreb , and maybe if you have time stop on your way from berlin to prague in dresden, 
  why does it matter that is was a word aptly describing the holocaust ? 
  the systematic extermination of a people is genocide , deal with it . 
  and why do you even care ? 
  it was your ancestors not you who did that . 
  denying reality just makes you look silly . 
  no , genocide describes the systematic targeting of a group for eradication it 's literally means extermination of the genus ( tribe/family/ethnicity ), 
  not calling something what it is to not offend someone is political correctness , used in diplomacy and of course politics ( that 's where the name comes from . ), 
  but let 's not fight over words , we all know what i mean . 
  not calling it genocide is just political correctness , everybody knows it was genocide ( hint , we have experience ), 
  it 's inevitable but in small doses healthy . 
  in the end it is just a manifestation of our deepest self preservation instincts . 
  so anyone who want to get rid of it has to replace it , you cant abolish it . 
  and liking or being proud of your culture is not a bad thing ( we call the mild form of nationalism usually patriotism ) , it only becomes bad if you start not liking everything else . 
  collectivism in general is dangerous , but humans are without doubt animals who tend to collectivist systems , first the family , then the tribe , then the village , the state , the country , the continent and in the end the species ( and later maybe everything originating from earth ) . 
  if a group of nationalists from let 's say germany austria france poland and england get together , they will make friendly banter or outright fight each other , but as soon as let 's say an american or chinese show up , they are all european nationalists . 
  like the layers of an onion . 
  because there was not just one complaint , there were several by german citizens . 
  i concede i do n't know if that was the case for bush or the pope . 
  that 's just one factor which might play a role , in reality i think erdogan blackmails us with the refugee situation, 
  this time b\u00f6hmermann also got criminal complaints from over 20 ( i assume turkish people ) from inside germany , it 's not just erdogan, 
  since they blocked proxies i have barely watched netflix . 
  i still think battery based electric cars are at best a transitional option . 
  what we really need is hydrogen fuel cell and battery hybrids . 
  first : batteries are still heavy and expensive and have a comparatively low range . 
  second : it takes forever compared to filling up a fuel tank . 
  third : resources for batteries are limited . 
  but is she ? 
  clinton is a power hungry machiavellian schemer , she is for a huge part responsible for the refugee situation , and she 's in bed with the big businesses pushing ttip and ttp , which threatens all of our consumer rights . 
  shh zillertal is in austria , 
  ride of the valkyries by wagner , with all its implications . 
  for bavaria it 's the [ bayrische defiliermarsch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdaxflkl8ok ) , which is always the first piece of music played when the oktoberfest opens ( after the official tapping of the keg by the munich mayor ), 
  this accomplishes nothing except discrimination and polarization , where are we , saudi arabia ? 
  even the argument that men ca n't help themselves but to harass women is the same ... ( well at least the notion that women should n't / ca n't / do n't feel safe around men , i find this appalling ), 
  edit : i misunderstood i thought you were saying there is a pay gap in the us, 
  gender pay gap ... why is this shit everywhere ? 
  for the 100000th time , yes if you take all women and men and calculate the average earning over 1 year women earn less . 
  that does n't mean they get paid less per hour for the same work . 
  there are some professions women get paid less for the same job , like professional sports , but those are things dependent on popularity , and sorry but men 's football is more popular than women 's football . 
  ( and btw female models and porn stars get more than males ), 
  grand bavaria , just to piss of all those prussian barbarians . 
  true most delivery services are pretty bad , but we have tons of italian restaurants and occasionally the d\u00f6ner place around the corner who makes really good pizza but of course you ca n't beat the original , the best pizza i ever had was in amalfi , ( small town near neapoli ), 
  usually like in italy ( restaurants ) or the us ( fast food chains and frozen ) , but we have also kebap pizza and flammkuchen, 
  is that the picture of a frozen pizza box from dr. oetker ? 
  edit : [ yes it totally is !, 
  ] ( http://img.tesco.com/groceries/pi/608/4001724819608/idshot_540x540.jpg ), 
  it feels terrible , taste is like pickled vegetables with ham/sausage and eggs, 
  the article says half of the victims were sexually assaulted , so about 600 sexual assault including 3 rapes the rest was `` just '' assault , pick-pocketing , and blatant robbery, 
  half of them sexual assault including 3 rapes, 
  yep that 's already 130.000 in germany , more than the town i live in has inhabitans ( 125.000 ) imagine 13 % of germans said they supported hitler and want to build concentration camps for muslims, 
  it 's not cooking it 's eating them , you can peel cooked potatoes you know ? 
  would you make potato soup with unpeeled potatoes ? 
  japan has the most 3 star restaurants though , in the guide michelin,
