  would be a tad bit moronic if he had to declare his taxes while being undercover so anyone can trace his current identity back to his real one just by looking who he is paying taxes for . 
  also the thumbnail shows his face while in the article it 's blurred ... it unblurs by making it smaller ... 
  did the study take into account things like education ? 
  maybe headscarf wearing women are less educated and thus harder to integrate into a workforce ? 
  for example . 
  edit : they sent fabricated resumes but `` to avoid detection , this experiment thus followed a hmed et al. 
  ( 2013 ) and weichselbaumer ( 2015 ) in that only one profile was sent to each firm . '', 
   the thing is the fdp are n't really libertarian . 
  yes , true , they are classical liberals , as we in europe understand the word liberal , not american liberalism , and that includes some libertarian principles and ca n't a middle class well off person not be concerned about personal freedoms , surveillance and the well being of his fellow citizens ? 
  you do n't have to go full socialist for that . 
   that dancing . gif woman ? 
  so it 's `` had most selling single/album '' not `` most successful '', 
  what exactly is meant with most successful ? 
  worldwide ? 
  in that country ? 
  since when is measured ? 
  is it sold records or made most money ? 
  chart placements ? 
  so many questions ... for germany for example gr\u00f6nemeyer ( on this pic ) is n't even in the top 10 for the most successful internationally . 
  scooter 1 . 
  james last, 
  that 's the part who went to the left in things like freedom of speech , copyright law , net neutrality etc. 
  the pirates and the fdp have overlap , but maybe the social ideology of pirates voters is not compatible with the middle class tax reduction less state involvement of the fdp ( libertarians and pirates obviously do n't mix , i underestimated the strength of socialism in the pirates ), 
  the rare pepe ? 
  that 's surprising, 
  your example ? 
  we have pegida marches and the afd making headlines for years , not everything revolves around you ... if anything the refugee crisis and the `` right wing haters '' are the ones who brought people to the ballot trump announced running for president in june 2015 , pegida was founded oct 2014 and the afd in feb 2013, 
  after they could n't hide it anymore , yes, 
  not really , they had a 10 % point higher voter turnout than last time, 
  what basically happened is , people formerly voting for the pirates split and voted for die linke and the fdp instead , which reflects the split in the party ( die linke has socially many overlap with the pirates , and the fdp is representing net neutrality , anti surveillance etc. ), 
  and both big `` volksparteien '' cdu and spd ( who formed the government in the past legislative period ) lost to the afd, 
  they were given voluntarily , imho it 's a bit shitty to ask them back . 
  like when someone gives you something for christmas and 30 years later asks it back because you did something 25 years ago they now do n't think is ok . 
  that is very cynical, 
  it is an improvement , i rather have the afd than the npd . 
  does n't mean i like them , but the afd is clearly the lesser evil , by quite a margin . 
  and then germany followed sweden 's example ... 
   omg just because they love their country does not mean they are racist but that is literally true . 
  loving your country is not racist , discriminating against people of another race is ( it 's true that there is a significant overlap between those two , but it 's not a necessary condition ) stop thinking in black and white , me loving strawberry jam does n't mean i hate raspberry jam, 
   by painting all accusations of racism as invalid . 
  that is exactly what calling everyone who disagrees with you a racist does . 
  i am against that , i am for calling only those racists who are racists  since its immediately discarded as merely `` leftists being stupid '' i never said that , and never will all i say is do n't put everyone right to the center in the same pot . 
  and do n't immediately dismiss something just because a `` right-winger '' said it . 
   that is one narrative , one designed to paint the left in a negative light and deny the validity of any accusations of racism . 
  how the fuck do you get to this conclusion ? 
   i saw this in greece with the rise of the golden dawn . 
  a lot of their insane far right ideologues pretended to be `` concerned citizens '' who were simply `` skeptical of unchecked mass migration '' while they stabbed ( legal ) immigrants to death . 
  and that means everyone who really just is concerned secretly stabs migrants ? 
   this conflation is what helps the real far right . 
  that 's what i said , yes  this is done constantly . 
  if you are not a nationalist , you are lumped in this huge group called `` traitors to your country '' . 
  actually it 's not , it 's the other way round , they just call everyone a liberal , no matter if they are just a classical liberal who values the rights of individuals ( which somehow is now often called right wing ) or full blown communists and social justice warriors but that 's maybe different in greece btw . 
  i 'm not against immigration , i 'm against the way it is handled . 
  i think every individual should have the same rights , but what happens is that minorities `` the oppressed '' get special rights , either because of pity , the racist ( imho ) notion they ca n't help themselves , or out of fear being called racist if you treat them like a native . 
  this behavior is not only against liberal principles , it also fuels the far right propaganda . 
  i just want that people are treated as individuals , not as refugees and racists , or right and left . 
  if someone comes to my country , i as a citizen should have the right to have a say in who we let in , and when we let them in to check who they are . 
  today you 're far right if you just say `` stop immigration '' . 
  that 's what i meant , there is no nuance anymore you are either mainstream or far right and that is throwing harmless people who are either nationalists or just critical of immigration into one pot with people burning down refugee homes and celebrating hitler do n't you think that is stupid ? 
  and only help the real far right ? 
  imagine we called all social democrats communists and threw them into one pot with antifa and linksautonome ? 
  far right does n't mean anything anymore , that 's why i asked how right he really is , since it can now mean everything from , `` we need stronger borders '' to `` muslims are all terrorists and need to be put down '', 
  so the centre is right leaning , the right is far right and neonazis are beyond far right ? 
   i do n't praise hitler , therefore i ca n't be a racist who says anything like that ? 
  you sure are not creating a strawman here ? 
  yeah fuck men who have to pay for kids that are n't their own , just because , ... why exactly ? 
  he criticized putin and he 's dead , how is the title editorialized ? 
  or was it something else before ? 
  so how far is far right these days really ? 
  back in my days we meant people who wanted to burn refugee homes , or celebrated hitler 's birthday when talking of far right . 
  what is a rightist ? 
  but by global standards it 's also terribly expensive . 
  best would be a quotient that factors in cost of living and average earnings , how much of the income is spent on `` survival '' etc. 
  they really try to make people hate them , do n't they ? 
  and of course they claim victimhood afterwards . 
  blm is the worst thing happening to race relations since the 1968, 
  and ? 
  yes , i know . 
  how is this relevant ? 
  because they are afraid of being labeled racist , the west . 
  if there is a war , people wo n't fight ? 
  what a bunch of morons have we become ? 
  probably people think of war going to afghanistan and fight for a moronic cause the americans or some islamic terror organization has conjured up . 
  but people wake up war can also mean foreign armies trampling through your cities raping stealing and pillaging your stuff , loved ones and destroying the values our society is build on . 
  hell yes i would fight !, 
  only you ca n't plug a 2016 flash drive from taiwan into a russian nuke from 1980, 
  everyone who tells me what i can think or not think is a fascist to me . 
  and antifa not racist ? 
  lol , they hate white people so much they would kill themselves if that would help the `` greater good '', 
  lol antifa is here !, 
  as if that is german society , the joke is our right wingers are `` racists '' for wanting those right winger not entering our country . 
  and the people fighting fascism and racism are the biggest fascists in germany , they do n't even see the irony and hide behind marxism . 
  following the quran literally makes you basically a right wing extremist, 
  at least someone acknowledges that right wing extremists do n't have to be white, 
  maybe it was in the shop to fend of the libanese mafia ? 
  but not for a million refugees of which 600000 are n't even registered or have a known location, 
  that 's what people must have felt in 1930 , just after a financial crisis , communism and fascism on the rise ... war is coming, 
  well it could be worse , 35 \u00b0 c and 89 % humidity without any wind for example, 
  what do you want to do , force them to employ refugees ? 
  even if there is a german applicant ?
