constituencies all have roughly the same number of people, 
  it 's a relic of the two party system , and change will be heavily lobbied in the next 5 years . 
  i 'd rather have a strong centred parliament than an unstable rainbow coalition either way . 
  [ royal tunbridge wells - kent ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_tunbridge_wells ) so named because its close to the much older town of `` tonbridge '' , it has famous wells and was given the royal prefix for being a posh tourist resort . 
  founded by lord north dudley who came to the area for clean air . 
  due to the natural spas ( which in 2014 finally dried up ) tourist spot for the aristocracy . 
  continued to thrive as a tourist spot and became a very popular resort town in the 19th century . 
  given the `` royal '' prefix in 1911 by the king . 
  due to being close to the english channel it was used as an army base and a centre for refugees . 
  reinstated its role as a centre for refugees in ww2 , was lightly bombed in 1940 . 
  today it stands as the definition of middle england . 
  it was also because elections in the 19th century lasted 3 days from thursday through to saturday so electors from large counties like york could get to the towns to vote . 
  conservative , i live in one of the safest tory seats in the country and i 'd prefer not to be lynched, 
  i 'm hoping that he was making a pun on that the anglicised greek name for greece `` hellas '' and `` hella '' . 
  if it was unintentional then we have a literary god in our midst, 
  if you go around hating on twinings we gon ' have a problem friend . 
  lipton is not sold here since it 's bloody awful, 
  hate to be pedantic , but it would be george regis not regina . 
  i 'll just go . 
  when i was living in france i lived near a baguette vending machine . 
  made me laugh every time i passed it . 
  amen to that . 
  maybe spain is trying to earn some money by producing a making a murderer spin off, 
  mad gazza from the pub, 
  you 've overcome worse in terms of relations, 
  stop being a pussy we 've fought against a united europe before and we can do it again on a pissy internet forum . 
  bloody immigrants , coming over here stealing our phonemes, 
  that 's not being a bad member , that 's it using its veto which it has every right to do . 
  sovereignty as in not having an un-elected eu commission impose eu law . 
  you can be as pro-remain as you like but you can not argue that it is an undemocratic system and that it dilutes an elected governments ability to govern independently . 
  welcome to / r/europe or as it has now become / r/antiukcirclejerk, 
  shush , do n't crush his white power narrative . 
  you 'll hurt his feelings, 
  or because he did the controversial thing of letting the people decide . 
  y' know ... like a democracy should . 
  yea , some people just should n't be able to vote . 
  in fact just get rid of voting all together , makes things much easier . 
  its a traditional english song famously used by the women 's institute and sometimes as the english national song at sporting events . 
  word up to the basketmakers in brighton, 
  they went on and won , the madmen, 
  i bet that this is n't true, 
  the empire was far more nuanced than a good/bad verdict , polls like this are pointless due to the complexity of the question and the simplicity of the possible answers, 
  its more jovial when it 's not your own country . 
  when it is your own it 's just perpetually terrifying and that 's no fun, 
  just our prime minister 's [ country residence ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/11/chequers2.jpg ) passing through, 
  i feel like i should get more into french politics , it seems so entertaining . 
  this sub really does have its head firmly placed up its own arse . 
  this thread has been an absolute shitshow secretly enjoying the morass of misconception , hyperbole and rare fact . 
  that 's one political party and their supporters, 
  since he has to be impartial parliament should care . 
  circlejerks to the top , meaningful comments to the bottom stay classy r/europe, 
  brace yourself for the catalonian nationalist keyboard army, 
  there was nothing they could realistically do . 
  churchill saved greece from communism at least, 
  that 'll keep those darn muscovites out, 
  lol, 
  now i 'm glad i did n't invest in eastern poland, 
  wales is underrated . 
  it has some of the best beaches and landscapes of anywhere in western europe . 
  it 's just a shame it does n't have the weather to match . 
  but it is another part of england equal to somewhere like essex . 
  shows how little you know about the wonderful and varied world of sandwiches, 
  a piece of hot meat between a piece of bread ? 
  sounds like a sandwich to me bub, 
  the elite establishment was far more in favour of remain than leave . 
  i like the premise of this article but it does fall dramatically short . 
  was n't it rotterdam that was bombed after the dutch surrender ? 
  or am i thinking of another city ? 
  london has the same reason, 
  `` french will go back ~ ~ to work ~ ~ ** on strike ** happy again '', 
  the maddest of all lads, 
  it takes some serious mental gymnastics to justify why a conservative government is a net positive for the british people, 
  they read the news maybe ? 
  labour has used the attacks to point out that british foreign policy in the last 15 years has endangerrd uk citizens . 
  this is has rung loader than the repetative anti-immigration messages we 've heard so much of . 
  so in short `` yes '', 
  i know that i lived there for 6 months the rest is a garlicy blur, 
  lol k, 
  tea time is perpetual ; it is both before , after and during tea time . 
  insecurities ? 
  what you on about lad ? 
  conditions to prosper ? 
  if you think multinationals will suddenly wither and die in britain you 're misguided , it 's just more profitable to go elsewhere . 
  companies make the decision based on their profit , if they can make more elsewhere they will . 
  not even to mention that fact that most britons did not vote to leave the eu nor that movement of manufacturing to cheaper sources has been going on in the west for a hundred years . 
  it 's all greed and its the pill we have been trained to swallow as if must be the natural way of things . 
  goes to show what good work our government has done when ordinary workers having a mortgage is an unbelievable prospect . 
  its less the cuts to welfare that bother than the attempt of the tories to subvert public opinion against the poor , the unemployed and the disabled rather than the super rich who have been sucking up all of the wealth under their supervision . 
  i 'm lucky enough to be in a position where i do n't need welfare or government assistance but i see everything wrong with the modern world in vilifying those who need it . 
  her majesty is simply reclaiming what is rightfully hers my colonial friend, 
  did n't you hear ? 
  every british person voted leave and personally has an eu flag burning ceremony every wednesday . 
  you may be on to something there, 
  i never said that it is the fault of poland nor the eu, 
  in the uk ? 
  yes you can . 
  ha ha yea , fuck those 500 people who now wo n't be able to pay their mortgage reliably any more because some multi-national corporation decides profits are more important than peoples livelihoods . 
  again , its not the governments responsibility to decide what people wear . 
  irregardless of what one bloke says, 
  well , the eu is a very restrictive market with the huge tariffs and overall protectionist stature when it comes to trade so it really is n't free trade as such .
