i 'm still surprised that an uninformed vote of a person who steals or murders has the same value as academic professor working on curing aids . 
  behind those politicians there are millions of voters who like the ideas they represent . 
  unless the elections are rigged , majority of italians said ok to this order of things . 
  some nations are smarter than another and i 'm sad to see that poland is also run by crooks and idiots voted on by gullible , hypocrite and short-sighted people . 
  great , now politicians can be even more unproductive . 
  plus afaik lw\u00f3w was polish only because of polish - lithuanian union . 
  when we went separate ways i do n't see a reason for us to make claims to it . 
  wait , what ? 
  as an actual engineer i would say that learning math is pretty crucial , because it teaches you logical thinking . 
  what do you mean by `` other basic concepts '' ? 
  physics ? 
  and is n't statistic part of math ? 
  you have to be pretty fucked up in the head to join isis with all the information circulating around . 
  what if they are trojan horse ? 
  fuck them , let them rot in the desert , they can be still treated as part of isis . 
  he stated a fact , russia invaded poland , killed not only children but also actively intelligence , and rapes were common during march at the end of ww2 . 
  are you disappointed that your history teacher taught you history ? 
  if you try to smooth out history , you are bound to commit sins of the past . 
  i honestly prefer my country to be invaded by nazis than russians since at least germans held themselves to higher standards . 
  if only russians were taught more about their true past , maybe they would n't follow so blindly their leaders and would actually try to not trust the government . 
  i would disagree . 
  with 2 million of poles abroad and laughable job market , failing retirement , educational and health system fueled by money we borrow , we are doing badly . 
  yeah , sure in major cities you can go by not so bad but it 's less than 1/5 of population . 
  for the rest it 's much worse than `` ok '' . 
  because other nationality is visiting on erasmus ? 
  daesh . 
  not isil . 
  in past years it was barely snowing and winters were light . 
  if it does n't drop to ridiculous -25 ' c / -30 ` c , we should be fine with gas we have in storage . 
  we are already being shafted by ue on russia 's sanctions on fruits . 
  too bad it 's hard to name any other politician from knp . 
  yeah , that 's my impression also . 
  humble guys who just do their job . 
  too bad that usually they do n't have life outside of work . 
  all they do is go to church or church related gatherings to pray . 
  my colleague does n't watch movies or tv shows , only the one based on bible since `` it 's a fantasy , and he prefers something based on facts '' . 
  the irony is lost on him . 
  sorry for coming out harsh - i forgot that religious people mostly live here in dutch bible belt . 
  amersfoort happens to be the end of it . 
  not many i guess , but he apparently went to the gym and has been both strong man and mma fighter - http://www.zgubilemsie.pl/upload/20130415164811uid15.jpg, 
  poland is shifting to what is called `` wojtilism '' . 
  people put our dead pope above god nowadays . 
  this is an actual painting in the church - http://img2.cda.pl/g/112949_1aaa25c8b71b7d0ebab702244b9b6388.jpeg . 
  this is the map of pope 's monuments in poland : http://www.msw-pttk.org.pl/odznaki/reg_odznak/pjp2_mapa.html . 
  these are just scultpures . 
  add to it all the new kindergartens , hospitals and schools . 
  everything is being named with john paul ii . 
  catholics be crazy - pope himself told people specifically to not build any monuments for him and put that money into helping others . 
  are you joking ? 
  i 'm expat working in nl in technological company and i have at least 3 young ultraprotestants in the office . 
  and by that i mean guys who read bible everyday after eating lunch . 
  * he did abortions in the past , once he made anough money or he became orthodox catholic , he stopped . 
  * he withhold information from his patient and postponed decisions to push pregnancy into state that it was illegal to do . 
  * the child had misaligned brain , no eye , etc. 
  it was naturally not fit for survival, 
  no ... no ... we have a big scandal right now involving party currently in power in government . 
  there are multiple recordings of their behind the scene talks , some of them showing off connections that should n't be there . 
  instead of punishing anyone involved , they send special forces to the newspaper that outed them , take their computers and during public speech they say that nothing on the tapes was illegal and recording those tapes was a crime . 
  polish officials are also on the way out after scandals , so they can have their appetite and fuck off . 
  one year ago i started to work in netherlands - 24 days basic vacation time + national holidays + plus i can change year end allowance into 10 extra days off , which i did . 
  this gives you more than 30 days off . 
  unfortunetelly - when you have to visit family/girlfriend in other country it runs out quickly . 
  i would say cebula would be more fitting . 
  it means onion, 
  that 's bad . 
  if they take money from putin , they take his power . 
  and power for him is everything . 
  if history told us something is that people with nothing to lose are the most dangerous . 
  oh boy , i can not wait to decide which irrelevant politician will go to green pastures of ue parliament ... 
  this catapult is not about sending stones , it 's about sending a message . 
  they should put scaffolding around existing scaffolding, 
  i feel bad for romanians that they are being put in one bag with gypsies . 
  personally i would feel terrible in their situation . 
  i still do n't understand how it can be allowed by law . 
  `` oh , by the way doctor - please cut off his ears off too . 
  we do n't want them to get infections in them in the future , although we know that simple cleaning will do the same trick '', 
  it 's saddening how my country is behaving like a lap dog for usa . 
  it 's despicable . 
  yeah , europe shat all over us in the past and left us for dead . 
  but we really should make an effort to fuse with europe , not with us which still did n't remove visa program for poland . 
  food , women who are not afraid to want sex , lovely seaside ( montpellier is awesome !, 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa is an old wanker nowadays . 
  i think a bigger problem is fish stealing from canals ... 
  are you sure that you are not missing one zero ? 
  i was looking for a job as an automation engineer in germany and the proposed salary was around 3000 euro . 
  400 euro puts you just a little above average pay in poland . 
  and we are dirt eating peasants compared to germany . 
  wykop ( polish reddit ) is still raving about new max kolonko vlog , hates muslims and liberals . 
  day as everyday there . 
  new law was introduced that orders people to wear reflective clothing ( bracelets or vests ) when walking on the road after dark ( does n't apply if person is walking on the sidewalk ) . 
  fee for not obeying the law is from 12 euro up to 750 euro . 
  well poland is n't any better - we have a law that makes it possible for you to go to prison for hurting someone 's religious believes . 
  yes , i can go to prison in poland for saying that jesus was a clown/unreal/fucked marie magdalene . 
  behemmot ( metal band ) singer was facing a court for burning a bible on stage during concert . 
  it 's small , it 's only 1,5 times bigger than amsterdam . 
  people probably live there off some banking services , tourism and harbor . 
  beautiful place with a lot of old buildings . 
  oh , and our flags are mistaken often ( even by our own officials ) . 
  it was just a peaceful city facing a whole gang of violent criminals . 
  did they really need to start a riot ?
