  i do n't why you are suddenly jumping to attack pis which won elections just yesterday . 
  do you think by chance that the way pgej is working right now is ok ? 
  because for all these years of being active they provided nothing for vast investment of money . 
  he is not nazi sympathizer - he did that to compare ue to nazi government that wants to regulate everything . 
  people with nothing to lose and everything to gain will even go to jail . 
  in somalia pirates were taking over ships just to surrender and be trialed in france . 
  after x years they get out and have a right to stay in france . 
  so no , i do n't think that jail time in 1st world country will scare them . 
  for you jail is horrible thing because you have established life and a career that can be damaged by having a jail on your record . 
  my solution is to help border countries patch up their borders . 
  work with turkey so they can afford to patrol coast and stop migrant boats as soon as they leave shore . 
  if your ship is sinking , you should n't take a water out with a bucket , but first try to patch up a hole in hull . 
  first stop the influx of migrants . 
  then focus on trying to deal with them . 
  definetely what you want to do is to spread them out . 
  and to do that you should build mosques all over the place . 
  otherwise muslims will relocate or clump in areas with mosques . 
  then you have a lot ghettos forming up and this is the worst situation you want to be in , because this prevents/slows down integration . 
  shit , i would even provide them with free basic cable so that their children watch dubbed cartoons and grow accustomed to local culture and older folks have exposure to language . 
  we are in deep shit and germany will have to spend a shit ton of money to fix this situation . 
  you do realize , that po-established company meant to build nuclear power plant in poland is there only to provide high salaries to it 's employees ? 
   i do not care . 
  that 's the part of problem - people demand solutions but are n't coming up with ideas and their implementation . 
  only orban does . 
   either deport them or put them for 5 -10 years in jail because they are criminals . 
  if you put them in jail , after 5-10 years they will stay in germany anyway . 
  because by that time they will learn german and they will be able to work through bureaucracy necessary to stay . 
  so in 5-10 years you will have an army of people coming into society who were first traumatized by war and then lived through prison life . 
  does this sound like a good scenario to you ? 
  keep up good work guys and stand up to leftist idiots in western europe . 
  we just changed our government that was bending to germany . 
  we are still not fully sure what will be the position on this issue from new ruling party . 
  - with love , poland, 
  deported where ? 
  most people do n't have legal papers since germany shouted `` everyone welcome '' . 
   and if a refugee does not like the country he is getting to and wants to germany for example he can go but will not get any support oh boy , i can not see any way this may end wrong . 
  oh wait - i do . 
  it 's called increased crime rates in germany since illegal migrants can not work legally . 
  i 'm just feeling good , that in the end it 's germany who will get shafted for their own doings . 
  worst thing is - in polish media this subject was non-existent since we just had election and we just kicked bunch of incompetent idiots off the pedestal . 
  i emailed three polish meps . 
  i got no response . 
  they do n't give a fuck - they are there only to get rich . 
  i saw that they are sending the same english e-mail to meps from all countries . 
  so i took liberty of quick translation of polish e-mail . 
  if you could please check it and correct it , so i can forward it to the authors of this website . 
  i still do n't get it - how can you pay in us such massive sums for studying such bullshit topic as gender studies . 
  it gives you no real-life skills besides complaining . 
  why would n't they though ? 
  center burns down , the government needs to relocate them to the hotel . 
  i 'm sure hotels are much nicer than centers . 
  and it does n't take all asylum seekers to set fire to the center - you need only one person . 
  how do you know if these were caused by swedes ? 
  they as well might be caused by migrants from another center or even people living there , that wanted to be moved to hotels for some period of time . 
  he did n't break a law just `` a bit '' . 
  he broke it quite significantly . 
  he had 300 bottles . 
  they are breaking a law . 
  and that 's a fact . 
  too bad the food is made of the same material as furniture . 
  as i was reading your comment i anticipated that you will say that the solution is to make young people poor to make them procreate . 
  lol , cry me a river mate . 
  everyone gets their criticism here , it was just never about uk . 
  it was n't politicians that decided to do brexit , referendum of the nation did . 
  you did stupid shit , you get criticism . 
  plus , your nation wants to separate from unified europe , so why would give two shits about your feelings ? 
  want to go , then go , you have every right to do so . 
  oh man , i remember baldurs gate . 
  was there ever a game that had better translation / localization ? 
  i really liked pink panther game - they got popular singers to record songs . 
  i found it impressive . 
  solidarity is now dead - walesa turned out to be a scam , and solidarity is now run by old farts that want to stay relevant . 
  countryside is nice and you are right there . 
  but everyone is sitting at home due to weather , 
   britain  clean you clearly have n't visited any city in uk , am i right ? 
  they behave like pigs - they drop everything to the ground because there is someone paid to pick it up . 
  when cheap labor moves out they are in for a big wake up call because of their habits . 
  if by wrong religion you mean islam . 
  yes , it 's very toxic and completely oppressive ideology . 
  same goes for christianity , which is still going strong in the east , but younger generation is slowly getting rid of this weight . 
  they can . 
  that they hate russians . 
  i can see a rift of eu splitting into east and west side . 
  east side being visegrad group lead by poland . 
  yeah , because brits will just buy british made cars made out of british steel from tata . 
  lol, 
   federation lol nope . 
  it sort of works in us because it 's all the same culture . 
  it might sort of work in russia , because they have military power . 
  but it wo n't work in europe because we are too different . 
  and in current shape it 's going to be more of a 4th reich for germonies than democracy . 
  just put it in place . 
  what 's so difficult ? 
  you do n't like those guys anyway , right ? 
  poor version of netherlands . 
  and was off the maps of the world for 123 years . 
   not that the british food is bad except it is . 
  gang rapes with so many victims at the same time ? 
  i guess eastern europe was much safer place than west back then . 
  i would compare it to an expensive hobby .
