  at least they are at school . 
  when i was young , you could see a lot of them in my neighborhood , but none of their kids were attending school . 
  i have no idea what these kids were doing all day . 
  green island my ass . 
  at least the good news is that we can blend into the british society . 
  mainly because polish emigrants are considered to be assholes and we do n't stick with each other . 
  what 's the point of leaving poland when you are going to have to deal with polish mentality . 
  we go abroad because we want to earn more money and not have to deal with all that bullshit we have in our country . 
  and then reunification laws kick in and from 3200 * 3/4 = 2400 males you get 10000 when the rest of families come to join them . 
  too bad that south parked used that idea with change . 
  first someone is correcting others by saying that history of russia is beautiful . 
  now german guy tells me to not dwell on the past . 
  please . 
  as a polish guy - you must be kidding , right ? 
  i 'm not good with metaphors, 
  average speaking - on average between me and a horse we have 3 legs . 
  a lot of polish people nowadays get by on less than 500 euros . 
  emigrants get around 1k euro if they get to germany . 
  why struggle in poland if you can live on ok level just across border . 
  germany is holding a honey pot with swarm of bees going after it and instead of closing it , they call other countries to help them and put some bees in their pockets . 
  how do you know that democracy is best for those people ? 
  maybe their culture works best with tight fisted leader ? 
  who we are in the west to say what 's best for them . 
  so far bringing democracy to east funked up things even worse . 
  dude , i 'm on holidays , did n't even bother to read your reply . 
  maybe people disagreed with you ? 
  bullshit , they are safe from war in hungary , they pushed forward to get higher welfare in other country . 
  they were greedy and stupid . 
  i mean by generous i meant - `` the % is probably higher , but let it be less than 1 % '' . 
  1 million refugees . 
  let 's be generous and say that 0,5 % is radical enough to help or be terrorists . 
  that 's 5000 people . 
  small town of people willing to commit acts of terrors . 
  if 90 % of french support the protest , why do n't they simply stop buying at supermarkets ? 
  searching in polish `` ile kosztuje w polsce '' : - breast enlargement - in vitro - contraceptive implant - euro money and fucking . 
  while we are at czech cuisine - gravy and whipping cream ? 
  what a fuck guys , what-a-fuck ? 
  you are laughing but its true - they come with tattoos and leather jackets . 
  biology is a crazy thing . 
  if 99 % of some community is a scum of the earth whats the point of defending them ? 
  you wo n't probably go around saying that when there is discussion about hell 's angels or ku klux klan and i 'm sure there were good people who left those organisation to do good . 
  let 's point falcon rocket at venus , and fly there !, 
  the difficulties will sort themselves out . 
  and it works sooo bad for hungarians , right ? 
  komorowski is so independent from po . 
  he vetoed so many of their legislations / s, 
  he is talking bullshit . 
  duda never showed a drive for escalating military conflicts . 
  it 's just po electorate being panicky . 
  or there is so many muslims in france that they were the majority of polled people . 
  it doesnt say they who they asked about it . 
  russia forgot that you never go full north korea . 
  to be fair many of those polish people are being streight up exploited by dutch employers . 
  i heard some stories when i was traveling from netherlands to poland with blablacar . 
  bacon smell jokes in 3 , 2 , 1 ... 
  hey !, 
  poland is europe 's mexico !, 
  i 'm just happy that left showed who they really are after brussels attack - only children draw on the street with chalk . 
  they are mentally underdeveloped and we let them rule our politics . 
  it was not firebombed . 
  how come finland does n't have any problem ? 
  they got a lot of refugees afaik . 
  are these too stupid because they fucked up by going too far into sweden ? 
  or did they get immediately depressed when crossing border and think that they are not even worthy of doing suicide bombings ? 
  it was american airlines desk so i imagine there was n't many arabic people there . 
  even if they were - according to their logic by dying in jihad you are a martyr and go to heaven , right ? 
  that 's the problem - they are willing to hurt anyone to push their agenda . 
  at the same time i 'm speculating - as far as i know they did n't confirm yet who did it . 
  but recent events seem to point to that . 
   when did things change ? 
  this is the question i was answering . 
  when they got an influx of middle eastern people . 
  brussels is very arabic . 
  just take a walk on the streets . 
  if you consider european food high quality , i pity people in america . 
  you must be eating trash then . 
  well yeah - it 's part development and part idiot local governments buying lights that instead of focus light on the ground and sides , illuminate sky as well . 
  it happens mostly in rural areas , that 's why there is added illumination between the cities . 
  that 's why they should build mosques left and right to avoid people forming large groups . 
  dissolve them in society , that 's the only way . 
  can you get infected by cancer ? 
  merkel open to all policies incited people to get on make shift raft and try their luck at asylum lottery . 
  she is responsible for drowning . 
  opening your doors wide open is not how you solve these things . 
  step in the right direction germany !, 
  let 's concentrate all the gays in a separate camp . 
  good job fighting with your nazi past . 
  dude , check his username . 
  man , you made me write 3 sentences before i noticed your username . 
  well done . 
  immigration-skeptic ? 
  but yeah , let 's go with nazi . 
  it 's shorter and you do n't even have to listen to my arguments . 
  because i 'm a nazi . 
  right ? 
  stay warm and fuzzy within your bubble . 
  lesbians are called dykes in us . 
  why do you want to kill lesbians ? 
  but it seems unfair and polarizing to word sentence like that . 
  it assumes , that if you do n't like immigrants , then you are nazi/right wing .
