  that 's just straight up propaganda . 
  dutch , german . 
  do you mean german and swamp german ? 
  if the owner does n't feel like having them as guest - why not ? 
  am i obligated to welcome everyone in my house ? 
  why should be illegal ? 
  he is a private business owner . 
  if he does n't serve someone , he loses money . 
  what 's your problem with that ? 
  invigilation laws were prepared by po 's government and needed to be introduced into life in 2015 - they were n't an originator of that legislation . 
  it was a flaming bag of shit that kopacz and friends left at pis 's doorstep . 
  and i thought that in britain the dominant culture should be british . 
  how silly of me . 
  there is a problem with this type of wording - in poland there is a similar situation and we had a case ( my memory might be bad about details ) where robbers came in to a house with baseball bats . 
  father of the family that lived there tried to fend off robbers with a knife and stabbed one of the guys and i think attacker died . 
  judge ruled that knife was too much of a weapon to fight against baseball bat and sentenced the guy . 
  so apparently it 's the criminals that are picking the weapon grade that you are going to do your battle royale for life ... 
  yes , you are beautiful white knights . 
  taking a walk on sunday afternoon . 
  probably you have the same shit that is happening in poland - externally induced protests of misguided people ? 
  that came out wrong - please see https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42ewaa/europeans_of_reddit_how_patriotic_are_you/cz9y2rc, 
  good one  no seriously ... take simple things as sidewalks . 
  outside of city centers they are a disaster - there is a patch of asphalt on patch of asphalt . 
  i guess that it 's either utilities companies not giving shit when laying down new stuff underground or city council not giving shit about quality of work that they commission . 
  either way - the problem is that someone does n't give a shit . 
  plus trash . 
  trash is everywhere , especially after any party happening nearby . 
  in netherlands people neatly put all their trash like soda cups or takeaway boxes all around the trash can . 
  in uk they just drop it where they will finish eating it . 
  i asked one british girl why did she drop something on the ground , she said that `` someone will pick it up '' . 
  maybe that 's the problem - young generation is not being taught that they should feel responsible . 
  we had plenty of trash and rubble laying around in poland after communism , but new generation is trying to keep it tidy . 
  too bad that there is always that one michelangelo with a spray paint can in his useless hands . 
  i miss your country . 
  now stuck in filthy uk ... 
  excuse me , what reforms ? 
  comparing war-torn country to country that barely seen war on it 's soil in last century . 
  seems like sound logic . 
  pis is putting new taxes on people to fund their 500 pln program . 
  with po i might have been a bit too fast to mark them as left since they did take more and more money from people but did n't give anything in return . 
  petru 's relationship with balcerowicz and his buddies is well known . 
  plus he was an unofficial adviser to d. tusk according to wikileaks , which further fuels my distrust for this person . 
  i think that first of all we were raised weaker or our parents generation was a bit `` detached '' from parenting . 
  to raise strong willed children you need to be of strong character but at the same time be involved in raising your children like devote some time to actually teach basic skills to kids . 
  older generation seem to think that it only takes for them to be strong and authoritarian and kids will be like them . 
  no , the women will fill in the role . 
  as a result you have weaker willed generation . 
  politics are currently entrenched by strong willed generation that does n't take shit . 
  but they will eventually die out and their place will be taken by either weaker willed or power hungry sociopaths . 
  and sociopaths will eat weaker willed ones for breakfast . 
  pis , po is left economically . 
  . nowoczesna is party made by banksters so it 's right economically , kukiz i have no idea what 's their take on economy to be honest . 
  psl is only there to put their families in local government and razem is naturally left . 
  left priorities ? 
  as usual - take money from people who earned it and give it to people who did n't and pay someone to do that on the way . 
   how on earth is germany doing this ? 
  germany is rich and populous , yes , they carry a lot more clout . 
  they are warning us with economic sanctions . 
  openly . 
   not all of poland , just the new government . 
  democratically elected government . 
  you may not like it , but officially they are running this shop now . 
   that was more a matter of all western europe , france participated as well . 
  what 's the point of that comment ? 
  yes , germany and others fucked us over . 
   the issue is affecting entire eu , the solution should involve everyone . 
  this issue is affecting uk , france , italy , germany and sweden . 
  biggest issue is in germany ( and sweden ) who actively encouraged immigrants to come to them . 
  now they are stuck . 
  immigrants do n't even want to stay in poland - our benefit system is not satisfactory for them . 
  `` how you made your bed is how you will be sleeping '' . 
  was n't that in response to german activities ? 
  basically germany is bullying whole europe and especially poland to obey their will . 
  poland does n't accept it and personally i support this stance . 
  they already fucked us big time with nord stream 2 and now they demand that we solve an issue that they created for themselves despite criticism coming from all directions . 
  we will not do anything because it would prove some people right and we are too stubborn to admit to failure . 
  sweden is gone . 
  because of pc since animals that did that were of arabic origin . 
  if by `` dealing with migrants '' you mean a ) invite too many the migrants like complete idiots b ) force other nations with blackmail to take some migrants in . 
  then yes , germany is doing swell job at that . 
  jail in isolation for life as a treason against humanity . 
  they want to behave like animals , then they should be confined away from civilization . 
  these are europeans going to other countries to mess their shit up . 
  we owe to these nations to punish those people as much as possible and show , that we wo n't be tolerating this behavior . 
  german press criticizes independent polish government for removing german press influence in polish media . 
  color me impressed . 
  sorry sunshine , but this is not how democracy works . 
  stop repeating bullshit . 
  haha , you what mate ? 
  to the same tone : one side is known for things like preservation of tradition and old values and the other is known for communism and oppression of opposing views . 
  vote as much left as you like , but vote a bit too much to the right and people start bitching . 
  if you think that it 's the 1 % that pay the bill immigrants , then you are delusional . 
  it 's all on middle class , which is only fairing worse lately . 
  water is wet . 
  that 's actually good point . 
  who else ? 
  poland does n't have any company to do that . 
  japanese would be too expensive , so maybe russians would do it cheaper , but given current geopolitical climate ... 
  edf and areva ? 
  so france and germany ...
