  however , the exemption of churches and religious communities seems like a loophole . 
  regarding the commission : they are not * directly elected * , but they are * indirectly elected * through national parliaments . 
  considering legislation must pass parliament and the council as well , that is hardly supreme per se . 
  although being the executive body , it would make sense to make it more westminster in style : perhaps individual commissioners could be dismissed by parliament instead of only having the option to dismiss the commission as a whole ? 
  considering the council and parliament also play a role in the legislation process , i 'm not entirely sure what you 're getting at . 
  if legislation is rejected by the council or parliament , they submit changes back to the commission . 
  or are you talking about the public debate in general ; because the uk seems to just shout about not wanting legislation of the particular moment and then use that fact to attempt to extract concessions from future agreements . 
  i 'm sure everyone would be happy if there was more constructive arguments in the formative stages of legislation ( or the eu in general ) . 
  an example of a basic change ? 
  by transparency are you referring to increased use of the court of auditors , or just a general transparency in the law making process ? 
  by democracy , is this the usual criticism of the commission or would you like the parliament to play a larger role ( other than already being able to dissolve the commission ) . 
  or is your issue with democracy and transparency of member states as a whole - which seems to be a rather larger issue than just the eu . 
  more like the uk walking to the door , opening it and threatening to walk out rather than being ` pushed ' by anyone . 
  there are 28 other members of the eu , and if they all acted like britain is acting then nothing would get done and the eu would be without a common direction . 
  what reforms do they want and what direction would they take the eu ? 
  that 's a real disappointment . 
  i got the impression that ridged labour laws and vested interests were the main problems of italy , and that the financial problems were the result of that . 
  it seems like an opportunity missed . 
  what happened to monti ? 
  was the property tax his undoing , or was it a deeper resistance to change ? 
  well they have decent social protections as a fundamental right and strong data protections . 
  the current economic condition makes life challenging , but things could be much worse.the commission also has a history of investigating and fining companies that abuse their monopolistic position . 
  i did n't agree with the way they went about the massive devaluation and privatisation in crisis countries . 
  i thought it should have been more gradual , and partially offset with money spent on investing in industries , but because of the liberal agenda it was just assumed that if you relieve banks that the private sector would do it instead . 
  i understand the approach , but think that direct involvement in creating industries was needed to guide markets . 
  but i 'm not the imf or the ecb , and they have the money . 
  but putting the fiscal position aside , compare europe to the conditions for other super powers who have less protections across the board, 
  i 'm a new zealander , but am a europhile because i see the eu as the only super power standing up for social democracy and transparency . 
  in a world filled with worker exploitation , spying on a massive scale and corporate monopolies , the eu is the worlds shining light . 
  no , that 's just the american way of writing law . 
  the reason you have all your ` philosophical ' arguments in the supreme court is either because your legislators wrote shitty law or because your courts overstep their authority . 
  a point and counter point : - the british court of appeal recently rules on the right to die for a patient . 
  `` our responsibility is to discover the relevant legal principles , and apply the law as we find it . 
  we can not suspend or dispense with primary legislation . '', 
  - the us supreme court rules on the constitutionality of gay marriage , despite having no explicit reference for or against what is essentially a legal contract between two individuals . 
  but , as far as i can tell , that is just the tip of the ice berg . 
  us laws are now so large and complex that they incorporate a legal structure that allows them to grow as new instances arise : the frank-dodd act being a prominent example of regulation that requires regulators to create more regulations as cases present themselves . 
  this law arose from having many competing interests and a broad policy scope , and yet instead of creating law with clear legal parameters for businesses to operate in , they create law that grows as industry finds new ways to get around it . 
  and this is where the trans-pacific partnership comes in . 
  while you say there are ` points and counter points ' , i say there are legal principles and respect for other countries jurisdictions . 
  if you happen to be a very poor jurisdiction whose businesses can not afford fuel to make a profit , or whose population would starve without assistance , then you have a duty to your ensure your citizens and businesses can survive . 
  the proposal favours large international corporations and is being pushed through when our economies are doing well enough that food and fuel is not a problem . 
  but there may well be a time when one of our economies suffers a serious economic downturn due to an asset bubble , and then must devalue its currency to recover . 
  in doing so , it must give temporary assistance to businesses and individuals who might otherwise be priced out . 
  but the treaty now forbids them to do that without applying the subsidy to international business as well . 
  and so the nation suffers and struggles to recover all because they signed an expansive legal treaty that automatically grows to encompass markets as they emerge . 
  yes , but consider the case where the purchasing power of your average citizen or business is below the market price for , say , food or fuel . 
  the government then wants to bring the price down , but in a way that does n't cost their domestic economy too much . 
  so they decide to subsidise domestic resources and businesses to achieve their policy objective . 
  then the terms of the trade agreement come in and bam , lawsuit by international company claiming unfair advantage . 
  if you 're living of food stamps and are lucky enough to get a house , then you can rest easy , if not then tough luck ? 
  i get the over exposure thing . 
  in australia we do hear about big government and legal decisions from america more than others , and the reaction is usually awe or disbelief . 
  the impression i get is that your government is run by corporations and your courts interpret the constitution so broadly as to amend laws to based on political ideology rather than impartial judgement . 
  that would be fine if everything was self contained , but its not . 
  the spread of economic liberalism has benefited us in the short term , then sheer economic size overwhelms us . 
  the trans pacific partnership is an attempt to create a legal framework to make it possible for corporations to sue governments if they offer domestic support that may disadvantage international competitors . 
  that is pretty aggressive foreign policy . 
  firstly , i believe unemployment benefits usually cut off after 26 months ( depending on the state ) , so either your relatives had private insurance or you live in a good state . 
  secondly my point was that its pretty easy to hear about shitty news when the country has a shitty situation and vice versa . 
  shouting loudly does n't change the fundamental situation . 
  to be fair , your welfare system is pretty brutal . 
  you lose your job and if you do n't find another one in 2 years you 're effectively dead and a minimum wage that you can only live on with food stamps ( which might also go ) . 
  even if you discount the massive homicide rates , crime rates and inequality , that is still a pretty shitty state of affairs . 
  finland , by contrast is one of the least corrupt , lowest crime rates and most equal countries in the world . 
  even the bias and coverage of both countries medias can not hide fairly fundamental facts . 
  sorry , that sounds terrible :( how did such a situation happen ? 
  surely times were not so hard at some point ? 
  what changed ? 
  australia is about to start having the debate about if we should protect our industries or let them die and ` invest in training ' instead . 
  our minimum wage is so high that i do n't know what we would invest in . 
  even pharmaceuticals are under threat from india , and it is rapidly being outsourced as well . 
  i 'm beginning to think that it is important to have a core export base and attempt to create an environment where as many other industries can ` feed ' off it as possible . 
  with over one billion living in poverty globally , the race to the become competitive is beginning to look like a path to misery . 
  well how much are they going to devalue it by ? 
  if they want to compete with bangladesh or china then they 're either going to have to invest in some machinery , get trained up and work for quite low wages or work in sweetshops for virtually nothing . 
  both require greeks to want to do it and generate little revenue for the government . 
  the situation is n't really that dire for most of europe as you still have some protections . 
  but with all the craze of free trade agreements these days it might not be that far off . 
  holy crap , did that make the headlines ? 
  what did the locals think of that choice ? 
  and how would that affect the economy ( which pays the taxes ) . 
  or is it only short term loan repayments that are the priority ? 
  an example of an internal measure that would help the situation ? 
  regarding the cap , do you think the problems with it are large because of the implementation ? 
  should there be a domestic demand factor to scale the subsidy ? 
  i understand why it 's there , but am unsure why the eu would be subsidising huge crops and then letting farmers take the subsidy without actually harvesting it . 
  regarding exit from the euro zone . 
  they could start using their own currency , but who ( other than the domestic market ) would use it ? 
  all fair points . 
  do you then believe the trokia has started the process of fixing the problem , or do they only seem to care about surface issues like revenue ? 
  i see . 
  the reference to inflation rates was due to having a common currency masking competative divergence ( as mentioned in that youtube video ) . 
  however , do you think these problems could have been identified earlier with propper auditing and transparency in government ? 
  as for ` injections into their economies ' , private investors do not tell greeks to sell government bonds , that is up to their government to issue them . 
  this comes back to propper transparency and auditing to align risk correctly rather than ` forcing countries to issue bonds ' , which is what an ` injection of capital ' seems to imply . 
  there are more farmers than just corporations . 
  you may be referring to the us situation , where they have 2 million farmers , as opposed to the eu situation where there are 14 million . 
  and some of those large farms are co-operatives , not corporations - as has been highlighted when there have been talks of introducing a cap . 
  it is a common agriculture policy to reduce distortions across the common market : you ca n't efficently protect a particlar sector across a free trade area unless it is common across that area .
