right ; so some vote against all eu level legislation , while others prefer a high degree of subsidiarity to member states rather than centralised control ? 
  ah , so you 'd just end up getting a growing section of the parliament that just refuses to pass any legislation at all ? 
  sounds like the tea party in america . 
   eurosceptics tend to leave the nitty-gritty of committee work and lawmaking to the insiders . 
  and since may the parliamentary arithmetic has meant that the two biggest groups -- the epp and the centre-left party of european socialists -- must now work together in a mushy , grand-coalition way to get things done . 
  this is vintage eu : a grumpy outburst from voters leads to a strengthening of the status quo . 
  this is such a disappointing outcome ; why do such parties refuse to use their criticism constructively ? 
  also partly due to a debt fueled , government sponsored housing boom ? 
  why does ` everyone ' want junker ? 
  what makes him a good candidate ? 
  what about if you add the cost of health insurance into the mix ? 
  and that 's the point of having the specific mandate , otherwise politicans may directly use monitary policy to achieve fiscal objectives . 
  not that the ecb 's idea of using outright monitary transactions to purcahse bonds of crisis countries , or the bank of england 's quantative easing is very far off ... 
  not that that 's a bad thing . 
  price stability means protection against deflation as well as inflation . 
  so how is it suppose to work , though ? 
  i mean telcos charge different rates in different countries - so if you went to , say , france with your estonian phone , does that mean that the french telco simply needs to take the hit through being forced to take roaming traffice ? 
  right , so does this apply to every medium ? 
  telco/mobile spectrum and wi-fi/ethernet are rather different ... 
  it 'd be pretty unreasonable to expect interent cafes to carry phone-based data simply because to do otherwise would violate roaming laws . 
  right , so the effect is indirect rather than legislated against ? 
  wait , please explain how net neutrality stops providers charging by the minute for access to the internet ? 
  i mean i 'm pretty sure they 'd be charging the same rate for all services for all customers ... so how does it stop hot spots charging what they like ? 
  fist corporations are people , now they 're sovergen states ... who knows , maybe they 'll become relgious or charitable institutions and completely bypass the notion of acountability altogeather rather than simply bypassing laws through international loop-holes . 
  yeah i just checked the tone of what i said ; what irritates me is the uks negotiating style and lack of positive contribution to the future of europe . 
  the consistently negative tone and lack of support for crisis countries when they needed help . 
  the eu can support weaker countries by offering their cheap labour to stronger countries rather than arguing for a weaker eu and letting them fail . 
  apologies if it sounded aggressive , but consistently focusing the debate on a weaker eu or exit from the union hinders the ability to move forward and approach growth and reform in ways that benefit the union as a whole, 
  well , considering how loudly they talk about wanting to renegotiate their relationship with the eu under the threat of holding a referendum , and that renegotiation can only happen if other countries want to renegotiate as well . 
  the uk seems to be attempting to weaken the eu by luring member states into their domestic political debates . 
  if merkel just stands her ground and attempts to grow the eu manufacturing base with poorer countries she will win the argument with or without the uk . 
  annexation , while bad , is very unlikely to be as bad as the third reich or stalinist russia . 
  a question i put to you in reply : at what stage is it tolerable to invade another country in the name of freedom , or for that matter apply sanctions ? 
  this is a much more pertinent question , as it appears that ukraine apparently needs no evil super power controlling it to introduce totalitarian laws gagging their local population . 
   the eu spends only 2 percent ( of its budget ) on negotiating free-trade agreements , but 40 percent on farming . 
  for a country that complains so much about beaurocracy , this is an odd statement to make . 
  i 'm beginning to think the uk sees the eu as a tool to force liberalism on other countries rather than to protect common interests . 
  because [ godwins law ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ), 
  not all states separate powers in the same fashion , and certainally not as ridged as germany - which has a constitiution for each state . 
  there is a concept of [ parliamentary sovereignty ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_sovereignty ) . 
  `` it holds that the legislative body has absolute sovereignty , and is supreme over all other government institutions , including executive or judicial bodies . '', 
  law is complex , and sometimes fundimental rights limit parliament in ways that are not benefical to the country ( such as mental health detention or hate-speech ) . 
  those who hold onto the notion that supreme law will protect them are misguided , as there is almost infinite possibility for the legislature to legislate - while supreme law only protects a limited scope . 
  not having supreme law gives more flexability and allows the electorate to vote particular laws that violate human rights ( or otherwise ) out by voting for a different party . 
  my opinion is that this is how representative democracy is suppose to work : the battle of ideologies to take place in parliament where the laws are written , not in courts where they are interpreted . 
  that the commission is accepted or dismissed as a body rather than being able to dismiss individual commissioners ? 
  i was led to believe that parliament approved or dismissed the commission as a whole , rather than individual commissioners . 
  what is the justification for this decision ? 
  to be fair , most of the complaints about the eu have been directed at the trokia - not at the european parliament . 
  i know that for many this subtlety is not appreciated , but it is important to note because the european parliament is not in control of the finances of the eu or directing bailout conditions . 
  many of the complaints are focused on being ` undemocratic ' , with many wanting to move power towards the europen parliament to rectify the so-called democratic deficit . 
  so , in that sense , he is right . 
  i think what irritates the british so much is that they have a history of responsable governance , where cabnet has to answer to parliament and mps resign and face real concequences for stuff-ups . 
  if the commissioners could be dismissed by parliament then maybe they would think twice before enacting harsh measures that cripple member states . 
  * an uninformed opinion has been corrected : regarding the uk * the number of people particpating in help to buy has been low at 5 % , and the interest rate being charged is also low - but funded by government debt which is also low , so not at the expense of the crown . 
  this is a benefit to the banks only indirectly . 
  wages have been growing at [ ~ 1 % throughout the developed world ] ( http://www.ilo.org/wcmsp5/groups/public/---dgreports/---dcomm/---publ/documents/publication/wcms_194843.pdf ) , so criticising one country over the other in this is largely down to the structure rather than the actual rate . 
  my comment has been that the ` german model ' of enforcing fewer hours on workers and subsidising labour has helped all europeans , not just rich ones with influcence . 
  while inflation sitting at ~ 2 % has slowly erroded standards of living ; my concern is that house prices may outstrip wage growth and put pressure on disposable income . 
  the ` this benefits banks ' argument was that with less disposable income , more is going into banks rather than ` everything else ' . 
  so what is the approach being proposed ? 
  do drugs under a certain creation age have the ability to be prematurely banned if they are perceived to have major health risks ? 
  this seems like a grand experiment similar to whack a mole , with the public buying these drugs and then being banned once a large enough proportion are put at risk . 
  is the uk approach just more conservative , so they ban drugs as they come out much quicker ? 
  as a comparison , new zealand is proposing that synthetic drugs may only be sold after they pass pre-market testing on animals and in laboratories . 
  this means the government is n't the one banning substances as they appear ( as now ) - but instead forcing them to be tested as safe before they become commercial . 
  i never said everyone 's a victim . 
  i suggested that you should think about what outcome you want from sending people to prison . 
  even under the ` what 's good for the tax payer is good for society ' mantra , having fewer criminals due to proper rehabilitation is certainly better than simply filling up prisons ( which are by no means cheap to run ) with repeat offending prisoners . 
  proper rehabilitation and training gives prisoners the ability to become tax payers themselves , and to not simply live through a mixture of crime and state incarceration . 
  actually , it depends on what is good for society . 
  punishment for what has been done , and rehabilitation to help them and society to become happy and productive . 
  if you just focus on punishment then prisons start to act like breeding grounds for crime , as prisoners inside learn to spread violence and hatred for a world that does not care for them . 
  putting criminals into crippling debt will only encourage engaging in crime to survive . 
  yeah right : tea party politics . 
  politics of most countries involves elected officals acting in the interests of the elected body they represent . 
  threatening to leave the eu and using that as a negotiating tool is never going to work , because those elected/nominated will act in the interests of the body they were elected to . 
  thanks for your reply , i 'll check out those bills . 
  could you give a brief summery of what the laws entail and what they compel regulators to do ? 
  it apperars that many of the problems with europe are to do with fragmentation between banks across europe and negative feedback loops between the financial sector and government . 
  each country then attempts to limit the risk to their jurisdictions , which only makes the problem worse and is why a pan-europe solution is needed . 
  i 'm not in the financial sector directly , however i am aware of the computer programs ( neural networks ) they use for high frequency trading or derivatives and how much damage they can cause in crisis-like conditions . 
  the main reason i bring it up is because to be effective some regulations need to be implemented globally to ensure risk does n't just jump the boarder and give those who do n't enact regulation an unfair advantage just because they have fewer regulations . 
  well , considering they are only now negotiating the single resolution mechanism and have yet to pass the finacial transation tax leaves me unconvinced . 
  what ` dramatic reforms ' are you refering too ? 
  sure , they have passed the esm ( which the uk is n't a part of ) and the single supervisory mechanism ( also not including the uk ) , but there is clearly more to be done . 
  you ca n't just continue to offer ` unlimited liquidity ' to banks without expecting reasonable reforms to fund their possible failure and reduce risk . 
  the uk is n't even part of the schengen area . 
  it seems like the uk is holding the eu to ransom in an attempt to renegotiate treaties to the uks favor . 
  or maybe they 're just trying to take the pressure off the need to reform the financial sector . 
  well , my personal opinion , we should disolve the ` five eyes ' treaty and return communication between states to diplomats and the foreign ministery . 
  this seamless information sharing exposes new zealand to false information without considered thought to it 's concequences to our national interests . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  the article seems to have made out the difference was n't as big as it was . 
  a question from your graph , though : why does the uk pay so little ; and why will germany get such a large discount next year ? 
  well in new zealand they 're trying to negotiate a free trade agreement ( a simmilar agreement ; trans pacific partnership ) , and very little of it has to do with tariffs . 
  it 's one thing to say that low tariffs is a good thing , it 's quite another to disallow any move by a government to make a law that favours domestic industry over foreign industries ( such as subsidies ) . 
  further - through the thin veil of free trade - they 're trying to standardise patients and copyright across nations while at the same time extending the duration they apply . 
  and all this in the name of a ` level playing field ' . 
  it 's very well and good for people to like free trade , but how would you feel if your government could n't subsidize goods and services ( such as pharmaceuticals and medical services ) in a way that costs the domestic economy the least .
