  we have a free trade agreement with china , and that did n't allow corporations to sue our government and limit the ability to regulate the domestic market . 
  what i ca n't understand is why the states negotiating are trying to cut into their own sovereignty , while the majority of their citizens do n't want it . 
  to defend the eu architecture , they have : - a common central bank that is buying bonds of crisis countries ( basically fiscal transfers , thinly veiled as monetary transfers since all euro countries have ecb liabilities ) soon to have : - a common banking union , which will lower costs to the private sector - the esm , which can inject nearly 1 trillion euros into banks and governments as needed . 
  - debt break , which automatically raises taxes when debt passes 60 % of gdp it is step-by-step integration , and has yet to be proven that the proposed architecture sufficient or not . 
  having a decentralised unitary state where fiscal prerogative is mainly in states control does not mean imbalances within the union can not be resolved . 
  the analysis seems to be a little simplistic ( which is ironic ) ; it seems obvious that countries who are doing well do not need stimulus , while those doing poorly did . 
  the article is claiming evidence that countries who did not persue stimulus are doing better than those who did , dispite inital differing circumstances . 
  krugman may have been wrong about the breakup of the euro , but i think it 's too much to argue fiscal contraction is the remidy for economic recession . 
  does it matter if there is a job at the end of this training ? 
  it seems pretty brutal to order the nations young into debt . 
  although , that being said , there needs to be some sort of alternative to training or living in poverty with no money if there are no jobs . 
  hell , they could even conscript them into the reserves and tie their benefit to performance . 
   it all depends on why one country is more competitive than the other . 
  free trade agreements are a matter of trust and fair competition ( level playing field ) , which obviously can not happen as long as china continues to favour national champions , among other things . 
  this means that those companies `` can not lose '' because they represent their country and have close ties to the government , enabling them to get massive state support , distorting competition . 
  this happened a lot with chinese companies like suntech : the government did everything they could to keep them from failing , even though natural selection said they should fall . 
  for a long time , under the brenton woods system , countries pegged their currencies to the usd ; and there are still plenty of countries that continue the practice ( the swiss , for example ) . 
  as for subsidising national companies : it 's their country , and their currency , so what right does the eu ( or any other country ) have to tell them how to run their country ? 
  i would argue - along with keynesians - that when the economy is in recession , and there is limited private investment , that the government should direct the economy though targeted investments . 
  now , i would say it 's a bit hypocritical for the us or eu to tell china to revalue their currency , when both are spending trillions on financial instriments ( asset backed securities in the us , and outright monitary transactions of bonds in the eu ) . 
   that means no more ftas and less globalisation , which in turn has been proven to mean less growth . 
  it 's a choice to make but i believe globalisation is , on the whole , a good thing for the eu , even though for some industries it means sending profits overseas . 
  it 's actually only fair that foreign companies get to do business here too , which means sending profits overseas . 
  that 's normal operation . 
  lowering tarriffs is one thing , telling another country how to spend it 's money ( subsidising research , a particular sector or wages ) and putting that in a free trade agreement is quite another . 
  as for your natural selection argument , i fail to understand how you can justify transfering billions to uncompetative states to make them more competative and yet argue against investing in uncompetative industries/businesses until they become more competative . 
  yes , but that 's what parties are for , and if they are elected through a proportionate system . 
  personally , i blame : - poor oversight , transparency and audit scope - corruption and conflict of interests - massive media dominated dialog between elected representatives and their constituants - pro-privatisation adjendas ( or wasteful public spending ) that undermine competativeness i have no problem with the wealth or private life of politicans ( ` top dogs ' ) , provided they act in the interests of the nation . 
  then what would ? 
  continuiously transfering money until they build a competative economy ? 
  i remember when everyone was talking about addressing ` structual issues ' , and the perscription was to increase vat and privatise everything . 
  suddenly costs rose for citizens and economies contracted . 
  and now are you suggesting the solution is to just give them some more money and a simmilar perscription ? 
  if you 're going to suggest ` structual issues ' and ` competativeness ' address the costs ( affects competativeness ) and labour/energy markets instead of the current free market/central-bank-intervention solutions . 
  it kind of irrtates me how the perscription for balanced growth between countries with trade imbalances is for the more competative country to become less competative ( through wage increases or fiscal transfers ) or by expecting their citizens to buy more goods or services from struggling countries . 
  in the euro-zone : germany is expected to buy more southern european goods or straight transfer capital . 
  in china : they are expected to revalue their currency and stop lending to their state owned companies at low interest rates ( forgetting , ofcourse , that many western countries subsidize labour and agriculture ) . 
  how about instead of crippling competative countries and expecting them to revalue their currencies or enter transfer unions , they take what works and adapt it to their own countries . 
  germany has large state owned banks and corporatist labour and economic structure , and china is simmilar ( except more corporations are state owned ) . 
  and yet eastern and southern europe is forced to sell their state owned companies and break up their labour forces and cut public spending . 
  it 's bulshit lowest-common-denominator economics , in my opinion . 
  how about a bit more state planning and intervention instead of privatising everything and sending profits over seas ? 
  the main - and often quoted - argument for joining the eu is that shared sovernty in a supranational union ( the eu ) can protect the sovernty of each member state at the international level more effectively than if they were to negotiate alone . 
  while some may view the eu idealistically , there are certainally realist arguments for sharing sovernty in a world with very powerful nations ; each of whom seek to assert their power to the benefit of their own national interests . 
  a national strategy make houses and retirement villages affordable . 
  a national strategy to lower every day costs to citizens . 
  a national strategy to address aged health care . 
  not to mention that the bank resolution framework has * still * not been completed . 
  until that 's agreed upon , taxpayers are still ultimatly footing the bill . 
  well the process is pretty easy : get a student or travel visa . 
  find an employer who will hire you . 
  get that employer to sponsor you . 
  it serves it 's purpose to encourage students , tourists and relieves industries that need workers . 
  the point is full employment and an efficient economy , not an increased welfare bill . 
  as for your ` increasing demand ' theory : that only works if there are the jobs to give the money to the consumers , who are expected to increase this demand . 
  india has over 1 billion people , yet has a smaller gdp than the uk , so i doubt that the more people = bigger gdp theory holds as much weight in the information age as it did in the production line age . 
  you make a good point regarding both side of the argument for greece : if the option had not been so widely discussed then prehapse they would have chosen to leave the euro themselves . 
  but boris should have known better : he is mayor of london , one of the financial hubs of europe . 
  however , while we are talking about both sides of the argument , i point to what many european countries that are struggling with : the influx of workers pushing down wages and increasing house prices . 
  further , considering how easy it currently is to get a visa , and then perminant residancy , the benefits seem small and the risks seem large . 
  never-the-less , it was interpreted as letting weaker countries fail under the pretense that they could devalue their currency and become competitive again : not mentioning that nobody would want their new , worthless currency and that it would destabilise the euro as a whole . 
  if this is his idea of solidarity , then i do n't want anything to do with the man . 
  yeah right . 
  this is the same borris whose suggestion for the euro crisis was to ` let greece go ' . 
  britain only wants this because their economy is doing so poorly and unemployment is so high . 
  if things ever turned pear-shaped , he 'd be out of there so fast . 
  as a new zealand i am not happy with this . 
  we 've tried what was essentially an open boarders policy and it did n't work . 
  besides , we have witnessed what open boarders has done to the united kingdom : wages plummeted and house prices skyrocketed . 
  i do n't have a problem with the council . 
  what i have a problem with is that when they vote i have no idea why particular countries voted for or against , only that they did . 
  in new zealand the transcripts of all committees and parliament proceedings are made available to the public , so you can see the arguments for and against . 
  sometimes the arguments are quite weak and ignore negative aspects of what they are suggesting , but at least you can see the official view point . 
  in the eu i can find no such source , only official releases from the commission and the legislation they produce . 
  it 's just a level of transparency that i 'm used to and makes following what 's going on so much easier . 
  see above , this is a limitation of living so far away : there are some things we do n't hear about . 
  yes , it seems like we 're not getting the full story over here , only the really big issues . 
  it 's events like this which make me glad for the `` what happened in your country this week '' series . 
  i really wish i knew some decent domestic news sources : the suggested ones do n't talk about much other than the trending topics . 
  another example is finding what countries have what official positions in eu negotiations . 
  for the most part it seems like trivialised fighting , and i know countries voice things domestically which may sensationalise and trivialise what they say privately . 
  so when ordinary get suppressed it 's business as usual , yet when a journalist is suppressed it 's not alright ? 
  ordinary people can also report what is going on ( note twitter , tumblr and facebook ) , yet nobody is talking about that they have rights too . 
  mmm tasty state oil companies and gold reserves . . 
  if he does ` t , maybe the bundesbank will . 
  you ca n't buy state bonds with the ecb forever and expect no positive change . 
  the problem is that it would be bad for the european project for this to be seen to happen . 
  much better if berlisconi brings down his own government , then italians have nobody but themselves to blame . 
  alturnatively , it could be one big game of musical chairs : poor immigrants come in , middle class goes out . 
  leaving one big multi cultral mass of poor people in services : let me know how competing with india works out . 
  this has happened with many currencies that are resource based as well . 
  just because fiat money has collapsed in the past does n't mean it will collapse in the future , just as is true with all currencies ( even bitcoins ) . 
  not really : central banks have a mandate to ensure price stability . 
  given that money is simply suppose to be a medium between goods and services , having it fluctuate as little as possible helps market predictability for the goods and services it is used for . 
  and if you really want to get into it , supply and demand for all goods and services can be ( and is ) regulated through capital controls , competition laws and labour laws . 
  true , that does n't sound too bad ; although i do n't see how being pared with a civil servant would make any difference . 
  having a president nominated by parliament sounds like a good compromise , but that certainally does not mean ` directly elected ' . 
  having a currency at the mercy of supply and demand is also seen by many as a bad thing . 
  imagine being a shop owner who has to buy and sell products and keep stocks : his operating environment can now fluctuate wildly which makes business very difficult . 
  yes , and you get more gold by digging it up from the ground or releasing it from vaults .
