  you regulate money supply by adjusting the cash rate . 
  bitcoins are purely at the mercy of supply and demand and is backed by no government so may lose their value at any moment and leave you with nothing but an electronic memory . 
  i 'm skeptical about a european commission that is directly elected : media , corporate interests and lobbying seems much more likely to result in poor leadership than having states nominate candidates , since it would effectively be first past the post per member . 
  if you want to make the commission more accountable then just make it easier for parliament to dismiss particular commissioners , rather than only having the choice of dismissing the commission as a whole . 
  and what is the ` pair ' to your claim , and how would the ` free market ' define it ? 
  the problem is a global one . 
  freedom of movement just speeds up the effects of cheaper labour on the cost of production . 
  without tariffs it was bound to happen eventually , anyway . 
  that said , moving your business to a country with rampant corruption comes with its own risks , so i guess it 's easier for the company to stay put and the employee take on the extra risk by immigrating and accepting crappy wages and condititions instead . 
  still , britan is just playing politics with eu law ( again ) . 
  and it would be the european court of justice , not the commission , who should be consulted if they actually were in the schengen area . 
  edit : oh , i 'm sorry , were we all pretending that this is n't just a situation fabricated by the spanish and escalated by the british ? 
  i think it 's a good idea : the made in and assembled in lablels will help european producers and protect consumers . 
  the only people who lose out are importers who just slap on a made in wherever label to add artificial quality . 
  well , bonds ( or asset backed securities , as in the us ) were in part labour and capital intensive . 
  the problem is that the western world accumulated that debt during the boom and is trying to pay for it during the bust . 
  totally the wrong way to go about it . 
  true , i agree that fiat money is an incredible strength in this aspect . 
  but filling a hole ( i.e. 
  a financial shock ) with printed money seems rather risky . 
  fiat money is much better at supporting recovery than filling a holes , and always seems to be used to buy bad debt rather than fund new growth , which seems like the wrong way to go about recovering from a financial disaster . 
  of course that is not how the people with bad debt view it , instead claiming that if you support them by buying their bad debt and through government guarantees that they will then fund new growth with their new money . 
  this seems like rewarding bad behavior rather than sound economic policy . 
  but what would i know : i 'm not the imf or ecb . 
  could n't believe the happy ending was being accepted for an internship at an insurance company : a licence to pay less than minimum wage while not having to commit to hire . 
  the problem is that the production line jobs simply are n't there anymore , and the few that are there pay poorly and are restricted from unionising . 
  surely social justice means more than parental support and more money for retirees . 
  oh the joys of belonging to a large voting group . 
  do you really think the world can afford to bail out a 2 trillion or 1 trillion euro economy ? 
  that sounds like a rather large amount of money even for germany . . 
  i have my doubts that europe as a whole could bail out italy and spain ... 
  i would say that italy and spain are rather larger concerns . 
  it may seem like bluff , but i do n't think it is . 
  it 's supposed to be market leading purchases to immediately affect supply and a promise to act whenever it feels the price is too high . 
  this creates an expectation that if prices rise too much , then the ecb will intervene to correct the market , therefore prices are held down partially with the weight of this expectation alone . 
  this is a very cheap way to hold down speculative price buying , so i do n't think they will give up the commitment any time soon . 
  unbelievable . 
  why do n't they do that with actual houses and rent them out instead of office blocks ? 
  what 's the disease , then ? 
  i would claim corruption and lack of transparency , but shit all is being done about that . 
  states are selling off assets at cheap prices . 
  soon , however , there will be nothing left to sell and their economies will fail under the weight of companies dependent on special treatment that can no longer be afforded . 
  while i agree that transfers are needed , it is important to note what happened last time weaker countries had artificially low interest rates : they racked up massive debt and produced little results . 
  how would you feel if you were a german or finn and found that your taxes were disappearing to nowhere ? 
  europe as a whole is under economic pressure from decreasing market share , which will certainly not help that other balance of payments problem that you neatly avoid mentioning : that between the eu and the rest of the world . 
  finally , how do you know that any increase in spending for weaker countries wont go straight into house prices and cost of living expenses ( not that britain or germany are doing particularly convincing jobs of containing those themselves ) . 
  having thought about it for a while , you have changed my view . 
  it seems rather difficult for weaker countries to recover if they do not have the investment nessisary to do so . 
  but this must also be balanced by remembering that even stronger countries have expenses to cover and investments to make , and if you tax them too heavily they may fail . 
  sure , eurobonds sounds like a good idea , but how will the money be paid back ? 
  what areas would the eu be able to tax ? 
  straight vat would seem fair , given that richer countries spend more than poorer countries , with financial/capital taxes funding the esm . 
  my final concern , though , is what if money is simply funneled to weaker countries who then misallocate funds and the eu as a whole fails ? 
  would budgets need a super-majority to protect against this ? 
  the world in general is suffering a balance of payments problem , and china is moving towards domestic consumption in an attempt to offset that . 
  why is a fiscal union the solution for europe and not the rest of the world ? 
  true , delays on the banking union are a problem . 
  fiscal transfers have in part been addressed via the ecb , various bail-outs and soon to be the esm . 
  it 's not only crisis countries that are struggling , many stronger countries also have debt well above 60 % of their gdp . 
  if all of europe is struggling , how would eu fiscal control fix the situation any more than current institutions ? 
  well considering that none of what you 've said changes the fact that legislation must still pass parliament , i do n't see your point . 
  states have rights as well , and just because the eu is not a full federation does not mean it ca n't function effectively as a supra national institution . 
  i disagree , and think that state controlled mechanisms will be sufficient , as the common currency ensures states have a vested interest in each others success . 
  yes , and my position was that use of the esm , eib and ecb would be effective at increasing competitiveness , transparency and stability without having to further reduce soverenty of states . 
  having shared fiscal control may relieve weak states with debt free money but it would also bring down productive states who may then lose their global competative edge . 
  sure , the ecb can then devalue the currency as a whole , but that just brings everyone 's standard of living down when all that was nessisary was for internal competitiveness to increase in weaker countries . 
  true , you could argue that this can only be achieved through investment , and that could be achieved through increased use of the eib and private investment facilitated by the esm . 
  and at the moment fiscal matters are primarily controlled by states , with the eu getting a tiny budget that is mainly channeled into the cap . 
  so what is your concern regarding the eu political structure ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you can get transparency much easier than overthrowing a government . 
  just tie conditions for use of the esm and ecb bond purchases to transparency standards in public finances . 
  there is the commission , the council and parliament . 
  legislation must pass the latter two by a qualified majority and may be proposed through the commission , 65 % support from parliament or a citizens initiative . 
  further , the commission itself may be dissolved if approved by 65 % of parliament . 
  what part is incomplete ? 
  well , with adequate transparency it would be easier to see what countries are underperforming ; which would have put pressure on their funding costs , forcing them to become competative well before everyone found out they fudged the numbers . 
  instead it all came as a shock and the entire economy was unprepared . 
  businesses that hid behind tax evasion and artifically low interest rates were suddenly confronted with a new environment , and ridges labour laws only worsened the situation . 
  i would like to see an argument for how this would not have happened if they had their own currency . 
  i want to know what the greeks will do for an economy , regardless of aid . 
  will they just do agriculture and tourism ? 
  do they have a direction they want to take their economy , or is it simply trying to survive at this point ? 
  is n't it more like : banks must now make money only when there is a clear agreement between them and customers . 
  that does n't really sound that unreasonable ... 
  yes , but the article makes a good point : what happens if the primary components of a product are produced in one country , but assembly ( often where quality is determined ) is done in another ? 
  although i personally think this will be good for europe as a whole , and help weaker markets establish a brand for themselves while having an eu wide brand . 
  that was a pretty long winded way of saying `` germany should push for a fiscal and debt union '' . 
  it kind of irritates me how this is advertised as a panacea for europes problems . 
  if finance were administered by the eu , it would still be handed out to states who may not change their behavior . 
  if the trokia had of focused on the causes of the crisis ( risk misalignment , labour laws and corruption ) instead of the result ( terrible financial position ) , then maybe we 'd see less austerity and more confidence . 
  if the imf/ecb/esm pushed the wrong policies , who is to say that if the eu had the finance that they would not make the same mistake ? 
  legislation already * is * handled by parliament . 
  it must pass a qualified majority , and may be proposed if it has more than 65 % support . 
  no , but you vote for parliament . 
  council is suppose to preserve states rights , so state representatives of your elected government have a voice in forming legislation . 
  what exactly do you want ? 
  that every level of the eu be given direct democracy ? 
  if that were so , you 'd have two houses that are essentially the same thing being used as a check against each other . 
  you need only look to the american situation to see why that is n't exactly desirable . 
  regarding lobbyists : you may be referring to the [ transparency register ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/transparencyregister/info/about-register/codeofconduct.do?locale=en ) .
