  there can be jokes , of course , i agree with it . 
  but i totally disagree in that being gay can be a problem to find a job . 
  i have many close friends that are gay ( around 20 ) and they all are working . 
  i do n't get that sentence either . 
  ` problem is ... this is still spain . 
  you know how we are . ', 
  is it a problem to be in spain ? 
  maybe he 's refering to the high unemployment or corruption , but regarding to homosexual rights i personally think that we are as advanced as the most in the world ... 
  of course , but even in rural places i think the problem is more with their own families , not with society that in spain is very tolerant with this . 
  we have a big amount of gay tv hosts in prime time , actors , singers , caractheres on tv series ... my impression is that even in rural areas they are quite tolerant , but of cours it would be better if somebody could speak of personal experience . 
  my city , not very big , around 90.000 is absolutely gayfriendly . 
  that would have been consider very unpolite and intolerant here . 
  and a big deal to continue the career as politician . 
  for trans it can be more difficult , but better than in many countries . 
  you can have sex change surgery in a public hospital and they change your name and sex in the passport . 
  wow , that 's very sad , in my opinion . 
  i have homosexuals in my family , in my work and i do n't know a lot my neighbours ... and i 'm happy . 
  in spain there was a lot of debate around the term ` marriage ' but finally it was used for homosexual unions although they are always in a civil context , never in church . 
  just because the term was used for civil heterosexual unions and they thought it would have been discriminating . 
  these decissions were taken by the socialist party with the oposition of the current party in power , th consevative pp . 
  but they have n't changed anything . 
  in spain they can marry and have children . 
  they feel free and do n't need to hyde . 
  i think the only problem they can have is with their own families , old people is more intolerant , generally . 
  i 'm learning a lot with this , now i know the flag ( and the existence ) of faroe islands . 
  100 years ago we were a not bad country , then came a war and a dictatorship an we were a shit of country , after that came the democracy and prosperity and we were a good country and now with this crisis we are again in the level of not bad , like 100 years ago . 
  absolutely . 
  and it 's also very common being an atheist and take your children to a religious school . 
  or being an atheist and marry in a church . 
  atheists are very well treated . 
  i would say they are majority , but i think it will be hard to believe for you , specially a week after the holy week . 
  we do n't care a lot about religion here , i 'm in the east coast , maybe in andalusia they are a bit more religious but anyway nobody will mind if you are atheist . 
  you are very right , stereotypes are always based on missinformation . 
  the lack of information about eastern countries here makes spanish unable to see things like they are . 
  i want to clarify that i do n't believe this stereotypes but i think they exist specially in people that do n't worry a lot about culture . 
  of course we ca n't know , and that 's why is a good answer for the question . 
  but if the red side has n't ever been communist ( we wo n't know if it was because a lack of time or not ) , i think it 's not accurate to call them that way . 
  on the other hand i agree with you that the interesting thing would n't be to have won the war but what if the republic could have managed to go on . 
  best : mediterranean countries , in this order : spain , italy , france , greece . 
  croatia is very nice too . 
  good : all northern countries . 
  the rest , i 've never been . 
  i do n't like the spanish current leader merkel , i would like to have another so i beg to germans they vote to other . 
  how scaring it sounded to me . 
  are you spanish ? 
  i ask because i agree with the historical moment but i would n't call communist the ` red ' side . 
  they were republican . 
  there were communist in that side but it was n't the majority . 
  they were defending the democratically elected government of the republic , and it was far of being communist . 
  french think they are the center of the world . 
  their language is sexy . 
  their food is good . 
  germans are robots , no feelings , they only think in work and efficience . 
  they do n't know how to dress , they wear socks with sandals all the time , their food sucks , their women let all tbe hair grow naturally . 
  italians speak too much , they want take you to the bed all the time . 
  all nordic in general : britain , denmark , sweden , finland , germany , netherlands : dress horrible , and wear sandals with socks . 
  all them come to spain when it 's cold but they dress as if it was hot , they get red as prawns with the sun . 
  they have a lot of money to spend . 
  all their food is shit . 
  romanians are an organised band of thiefs . 
  polish , lithuanians , stonian , ukranian , croatian , slovenian , slovakian , belarussian , armenian , georgian , azerbaian , bulgarian , bosnian , serbian ... they all are poor and we do n't know anything about them , they could be thiefs as romanian . 
  they are ` people of the east ' . 
  polish are in the limit , they could deserve some respect , but not for everyone . 
  young english people , they are drunk all the day , they fuck with whatever wherever , they are unpolite and behave like animals when they come to spain , we do n't know what they do at home . 
  ah ok . you are right . 
  i live in the west coast of spain , in summer you can have an icecream or a coffe until 1:00 am perfectly . 
  i 'm jealous of scandinvian countries , because they ca n't even remember the last corruption case of the government as a saw in documentary . 
  i 'm jealous of all the north countries that do n't have a so big unempoyment rate , i 'm jealous of all the northern countries that do n't need to make cuts in their wellfare system as we are doing . 
  i love every single european country beacause generally they are safe for turism and incredibly rich in history , culture and nature . 
  as spanish of the coast , i specially love places with warm climate and near beautifull and virgin beaches like all the mediterranean countries . 
  it 's crazy to have things like [ this ] ( http://www.italia.it/fileadmin/src/img/cluster_gallery/mare/sicilia_-tonnara-di-scopello.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://www.vuelaviajes.com/wp-content/2012/04/cala_escorxada.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://playascalas.com/wp-content/2014/04/es-trenc.jpg ) so close . 
  i do n't understand why you should envy [ where i live ] ( http://cdn.traveler.es/uploads/images/thumbs/201416/calas_desatascadas_y_otras_19_razones_para_viajar_a_menorca_en_primavera_6064_630x.jpg ) , 
  in wich european country is there a non-alcohol centred social life ? 
  who decides if this is stupid or not ? 
  i mean , this should be judged , i supose there are international laws and jurisprudence for all this . 
  yes , exactly . 
  maybe i was not very clear . 
  my english is not very good . 
  the question could have been : what do you eat when you do n't want to have lunch or dinner . 
  in spain we go to a bar to have a beer or 2 or 3 , and then we go to other place to have dinner . 
  so i refer to those beers before dinner . 
  but this is a cultural thing and i supose they do n't do it like this in other countries . 
  even inside spain , in andalusia , is practically impossible to have a beer without eating something like meat , omelette , vegetables , so it 's almost impossible going to have dinner to a restaurant after that because you eat a lot and you are not hungry . 
  in spain we love that opening way , we do it even with a dish under it . 
  i live near valencia , there are some bars that give you a tapa for free in imitation of anadalusia but it has never been usual here to give for free nothing beyond olives or peanuts and things like that . 
  i supose you are from andalusia . 
  an american girl asked me if there were shopping malls in spain . 
  wtf !, 
  podemos is a venezuela puppet , rajoy wants to eliminate all the wellfare state for giving it to his billionaire friends and make all the poor people poorer and rich richer . 
  ciudadanos ( another new party as podemos but right wing ) is the new brand of pp ... 
  but i 'm close to believe them all . 
  yes , there are many similar words . 
  if you know spanish look for something written in catalan on the internet as the newspaper avui , for example , and you will see that you understand many words . 
  the only problem is that pronunciation is quite different and it makes it more difficult . 
  you can look for tv3 , a catalonian tv , and watch some program . 
  spanish , english and catalan . 
  i beg your pardon , we are now on 14th , usa is now after venezuela . 
  [ http://www.bloomberg.com/visual-data/best-and-worst/most-efficient-health-care-2014-countries] ( bloomberg ), 
  of course it is n't . 
  i agree with you .
