  syriza , although some want to say that are extremists , are n't at all . 
  they simply have said that the eu measures do n't work and they are right , and everybody can see it . 
  that 's all . 
  the measures did n't work for 5 years and are not going to work now . 
  other parties knew it but did n't tell it to people . 
  they did . 
  identify syriza with a communist utopia is absurd , they are closer to a socialdemocracy . 
  but if you ffel better thinking that they are extremists is ok . 
  easy , they wanted a better deal . 
  and that option was denied by eu . 
  the alternative is only a disordered exit of the euro , what obviously is not desired by anybody in greece . 
  i supose that thinking that they were evil makes you feel better . 
  syriza , the rest of parties are too corrupt , and were n't critical with the eu austerity measures . 
  although syriza has accepted them is the only sincere enough for persevere in looking for an improvement of the deal . 
  also , they are saying things that are going to change the european politics . 
  some people think that banks were closed by thd hand of god . 
  nice story . 
  good reflexion on what is money . 
  when obama decided create hundreds of thousands of dollars a day to give a push to economy and say good bye to crisis , nobody in america had to put a dollar from their pockets . 
  magic ? 
  money . 
  comparing the economy of a person with the economy of a state is not a good first step for understanding things . 
  a person does n't have any control over money . 
  states create the money . 
  money is not created by god . 
  and then they will say again that greeks are irresponsible and do n't want to pay their debts . 
  really ? 
  i live in the spanish west coast and i 'm witness . 
  this new style of war is better than 20 century 's . 
  but i still believe peace is possible . 
  have you ever been in spain or italy ? 
  do you really think those countries can even think in deliberately tank their economy ? 
  we are some of the wealthiest countries in the world even after this crisis . 
  that makes no sense . 
  left the country ? 
  they are probably sitting in front of tsipras in the parliament . 
  if it works like in spain justice can take years to solve one of these coruption cases . 
  and it 's not citizen 's fault . 
  you have so much to understand about corruption my dear nordic mates ... 
  easy ??? 
  it could be called anything but easy . 
  we do n't help greeks because some of the european leaders want to win the next elections . 
  greeks are not being helped because if we help them germans wo n't vote merkel again , the same for rajoy and for many others . 
  that 's all . 
  about spain and italy : we do n't know what would happen , in spain with the current government they wo n't ask for restructuration.but spain can become a problem with or without bailing out greece . 
  this is a hard moment for the eurozone . 
  if they thought the money was lost they would n't be opposed to a restructuration . 
  they are still asking for their money back . 
  not indeed . 
  it is more like : ` ups , i left 300,000,000,000 euros in your house and now is burning , maybe i have to pay private firefighters but then i will get my money ( or at least a part of what can be saved ) . 
  we have lost a lot . 
  and greece too . 
  what wil be next ? 
  saying ` compare yourselves with nigeria , you are better ' ? 
  we are european countries , we had a historical wealthness and we have lost a lot of it and it 's difficult to know if it 's because of the crisis or because of the meassures we have adopted after the crisis . 
  and also it would be good to clarify the reason of the crisis . 
  citizens are angry , and it 's normal . 
  why do i have to compare with greece ? 
  is historically poorer than us . 
  the sentence ` they deserve it ' is never pronounced here . 
  not even thought , i would say . 
  we , as greeks , know what it is to have corrupt politicians . 
  and we undestand that people has been fooled by them . 
  we also have corrupt bankers so we do n't believe in the innocence of banking system . 
  in spain , nobody would blame citizens and say something like that horrible sentence you do n't mind to use : ` they deserve it ' . 
  shines bright ?? 
  too optimistic . 
  optimism that is polllitically biased . 
  after 7 years of crisis we are still in a 25 % of unemployment , more than 50 % for young people . 
  90 % of jobs created are temporary jobs with very low salaries . 
  is this brilliant ? 
  a lesson of moderation . 
  great varoufakis !, 
  ok , but i remember you they are not voting if they stay or go . 
  we know that , but we also know how austerity works . 
  if they still being poorer and poorer they wo n't give us our money back . 
  something needs to be done . 
  but what is a political issue for germans is an econimical issue for greeks , and that is really cruel . 
  if europe can help greece with a little cost is not very solidary they do n't . 
  ireland is doing quite well already . 
  spain would welcome a little restructuration to grow but will be able to pay , and portugal ... i do n't know nothing about my neighbours !!!, 
  i supose they are n't as bad as greece . 
  but let 's be serious , if we already know that these debts are unpayable , why should n't be made a restructuration ? 
  it 's a matter of time that public opinion begin to wonder about it . 
  public opinion in my country is divided , but there is a big feeling of solidarity with greece because as them we 've been implementing measures for 5 years without a good result . 
  europe is going to face a big dilemma . 
  on the one hand we hear that we can afford the grexit , what means losing 300,000,000,000 $ and on the other they say we ca n't afford a restructuration . 
  so this is not an economic issue anymore , this will be a big politic debate about what should be eu and ez . 
  my prediction . 
  greece will vote oxi , and the they will negotiate something similar to what they were offered first . 
  but the ghost of restructuration will become bigger and bigger in europe . 
  so it will be not the end of the way . 
  they say that are affordable , and that eu is prepared for it ... 
  but if we can afford a grexit why not a restructuration ? 
  you are very right . 
  this is crazy . 
  if corruption is the cause it is in question the legitimacy of the debt . 
  i do n't know why nobody talk about this . 
  your government made an audit . 
  why nobody speaks about that ?
