  what woud happen if they accept more austerity and we begin to see children die of hunger as it happened in argentina some years ago ? 
  is that the europe we want ? 
  this is everything but simple . 
  this nordic people wo n't change ever . 
  they simply love wearing sandals with socks . 
  they ca n't have a poor 's salary if the have rich 's debt . 
  time will show that austerity politics have been a kind of genocide . 
  by the way , why nobody speak about the auditory ? 
  germany and russia . 
  media use pa\u00edses bajos , people use holland . 
  more and more . 
  the majority not having more than something to eat and a minority being ultrarich . 
  i think it has been always the main reason . 
  but of course parents will deny it . 
  you are right , it 's a terrible mistake . 
  i 'm sure is not going to be the last of my mistakes with this language , but i edit . 
  in spain there are two types of private schools : private and semi-private . 
  semi-private are very popular here . 
  these schools are run by a private company but with public funds . 
  they choose their teachers and sometimes their students . 
  i do n't like them a lot because teachers do n't need to pass any exam to get money from the state and that 's quite unfair if you compare with how hard it is to get a job in a public school . 
  in a semi-public the best way to get a job is to have a friend there , and i think that to get public money you should pass an objective prove . 
  i 'm entirely against quilt knitting . 
  i 'm for macrame . 
  after 7 years of free falling is not that surprising growing a little . 
  this government needs very little help . 
  there are a group of spaniards that would vote popular party even if they decided burn out the hole country . 
  more than 20 % of unemployment means that we are far from recovery . 
  all of them are always referred as normal neghbours before they killed somebody . 
  you will never be safe at all . 
  absolutely against . 
  i do n't think that a good philosophy for a state . 
  contries with death penalty do n't save any money . 
  how much serial killers or child rapists are in a country like spain for example , 1 a year , 2 , 3 ? 
  that 's not money . 
  there 's no need of 5 . 
  one of them wheights 600kg . 
  why exactly a 10 % ? 
  can you explain wich is the mathematical logic of that ? 
  i think here in spain we love sports . 
  football , basket , tennis , running , swimming , cycling ... 
  in spain the big unemployment rate has made workers to accept jobs with conditions worser and worser . 
  we have lost many rights and salaries are lower . 
  nobody has prooved that venezuela 's governement has financed podemos . 
  that 's ilegal in spain and would have been punished . 
  the absurd reading of ` podemos wants to turn spain into venezuela ' is stupid and i do n't think many people think that . 
  people from podemos wants very simple things like finish with the corruption , that is a shame for all normal people and make everybody pay their taxes for maintaining the public education and health system and other social benefits . 
  podemos is not a traditional party because people is able to choose what they want the party to do and who do they want to be represented for . 
  all this by a internal democratic system that any other party has in spain . 
  nobody has prooved that monedero had done any ilegal thing , i assure you he has been investigated deeply . 
  i understand that people that is against the welfare states and wants everything to be private and are against taxes criticize this party , but many critcize only because of the exagerations of sensationalist media . 
  factory farming is much worse for animals . 
  that 's why i do n't care a lot . 
  of course i do n't like to see this spectacle . 
  i would like to see it if the bull was n't wounded an killed , because bullfighters need to be very brave and smart . 
  there is something similar to bullfighting , where they do n't hurt the animal . 
  the bullfighters are called recortadores , they dont hurt the animal and i like how they jump over the animals . 
  this is becaming very popular now in spainish town parties . 
  yes , but some decide they want to be poor and live under a bridge ? 
  never in public bathrooms . 
  quite usual in houses especially the older ones . 
  anyway they need help . 
  i like the campaign . 
  i would include : `` pay your taxes '' . 
  of course , i remember when i made the choice of being rich , it was a rainy day of ... oh no , i did n't make any choice !, 
  wtf ?? 
  they do n't analyse the blood ? 
  if there are civil unions and they fight for the term marriage , what they want to make clear is that homosexual couples must be discriminated even though they are allowed to a civil union and adopting children . 
  am i right ? 
  shame . 
  sad , but true . 
  good for spain , too . 
  many people go to university but their parents still paying their bills . 
  i do n't consider that an emancipation . 
  unemployment , or something worse , jobs with low salary . 
  when we adopt the euros everything turned more expensive . 
  but banks began to offer more moneh so we could maintain our standard of living , and even improve it but getting debt . 
  psycologically it was made the change of 1 $ = 100 pesetas , but the true change was 1 $ = 165 pesetas . 
  a big bubble was created , this bubble has explode now and all of you know the result . 
  it is n't a good idea . 
  all citizens have the right to vote . 
  what the government must do is improving the education. , because that is a right as well . 
  yes , that is the only thing that keep us together . 
  you should do something , not just crying !, 
  here is also called the stranger legion . 
  but i was n't speaking only of fucking . 
  i 'm speaking of creating a family and having a good social consideration . 
  i think there are homosexuals that have very femenine behaviour because they are that way . 
  they act when they try to be masculine . 
  i 'm a teacher and i see that femenine behaviour and i assure you is natural in them from childhood . 
  anyway , those more femenine homosexuals use to be more provocative when they get out of the closet and they try to challenge masculinity of heterosexuals sometimes , i think that attitude is not right . 
  hahaha , absolutely real . 
  but that 's a special unit of the army called ` legion espa\u00f1ola ' , surprisingly they are suposed to be consevative . 
  i assure you they all dress like that , it 's not only that picture . 
  but the regular spanish army dress in a much boring [ way ] ( http://www.abc.es/media/201210/27/talarn-ejercito-cataluna-jura-bandera--644x362.jpg ) . 
  but , what bout this [ graphic ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_the_european_union#/media/file:lgbt_rights_in_the_eu.svg ) ? 
  they do n't have any right . 
  thanks for the link , there is very good graphic that i 'm going to use . 
  when i was in poland young people seemed to me very conservative . 
  that 's what happen in spain i think , homophobia exists but has a bad social consideration .
