  i think your government wants to be sure that their people wants to be harder in negotiations . 
  and the support of greeks will be as well a good argument in them . 
  the question that your government makes is clear , i have read it in the ballot . 
  what i do n't know is if in your media they are trying to create confusion instead of helping . 
  i think you are understimating too much your ancestors . 
  things are complicated . 
  what are you going to do for your future an your nation 's ? 
  you are an adult , so it 's time for you to decide about your country . 
  you are saying that nothing was done in greek the last 2000 years . 
  look around and see how other countries in the world are . 
  greece , even now , is not among the poorest . 
  it 's a great country , with great history , with great hard working people , with a beautiful nature . 
  do n't believe that greece is worth nothing , because it 's not true . 
  now we have to swallow that the crisis comes from pensioners . 
  this is getting sinister . 
  they wasted the money ? 
  the money was in a 90 % to pay debts . 
  or do you mean that not invest it for growing was wasting it ? 
  in this moment , after 5 years of deep crisis , pensions are a humanitarian question . 
  for growing is necessary investment . 
  with the amount of debt they have it will be impossible . 
  it 's not only wondering . 
  it has been already proved . 
  so why should we continue with the same ? 
  to get the same results ? 
  how much unemployment and poverty does europe need to see to wake up ? 
  yes but it 's not the moment of cutting pensions because many families live of it . 
  when they begin to grow and create employment then could be cut . 
  now , it will only provoke a descend of the demand , that would be bad for commerce and wo n't be good for anything . . 
  yes , and then we will say : ` you can live because i want you to live . 
  give thanks ' . 
  when the truth would be : ` you are poor ( and we have lost 300,000,000,000 ) because we have acted like idiots ' . 
  they have made a lot of change in the direction you want and this has been the result . 
  with more of it we wo n't get our money back . 
  you are obsessed with pensions . 
  they do n't want to cut them anymore because with an unemployment of 28 % , 50 % in young people , many families are living of that pensions . 
  if they cut more they wo n't solve any problem , there will be less money in circulation for the companies , shops , etc , not to die . 
  what they need is restructuration and investments . 
  otherwise the debt wo n't be paid , and many countries , like spain wo n't get the money that are owed . 
  the problem is that the measures of troika were wrong . 
  they failed in their predictions , and they have brought an unsustainable situation . 
  they do n't want to recognise that because they would have to assume responsibilities . 
  it 's a huge problem because they would look like idiots if they said : ` sorry greeks , we were wrong . 
  sorry because we have made you lose a 25 % of your wealthness ( like happens after a war ) and sorry also to all the creditors countries because we made you lose 300,000,000,000 $ . 
   sorry guys , bye bye . '', 
  romania did n't owe 300,000,000,000 $ so it could n't negotiate anything . 
  if greece exits many countries will lose a lot of money . 
  spain included . 
  we need them to grow and pay . 
  many countries are concerned . 
  i 'm sure that if you greek people arrive to a point of starving to death , european citizens will make a crowfunding for giving you food . 
  they will be so happy feeling that theyare so kind ... that 's how the brain of stupid people works , they cant preview situations they need to have them in front to be able to understand . 
  europeans are solidary but they need to see the suffering . 
  i hope they wake up . 
  this is a stupid challenge that greeks do n't deserve for the fact of having a government that says the truth . 
  i 'm with greece citizens whatever they choose . 
  if things go worse europe will have to do a humanitarian rescue . 
  or are we going to permit hunger in greece ? 
  if we allow the grexit we 'll lose 300,000,000,000 ... all this is stupid . 
  european leaders are thinking only in politics , in winning the next elections . 
  but remember we were fascist because franco declared the war to the republica , democratically elected , and won the war with the help of nazis . 
  in spain you already had to apply for a permit to hold a demostration . 
  this goes much further . 
  terrible . 
  shame . 
  reduce a complex problem into a single cause is ... well , i do n't want offend . 
  every greek has a degree in austerity . 
  they know what it is , and they can imagine how it would be a little bit more of it . 
  it 's exactly what they are doing with pablo iglesias speech . 
  if you have that proof , you can ask for it some millions of euros here in spain . 
  and yes , listen to pablo i. speaking in the parliament for example . 
  that 's the bullshit that right wing media wants you to believe . 
  go to the real sources , avoid newspapers . 
  in spain , after 7 years of austerity we are still with 25 % of unemployment , 50 % for young people , 30 % of poor children . 
  salaries lower and lower . 
  400.000 people emigrated last year . 
  this is not the story of a success . 
  pp has lost a lot of support in last local elections and is quite sure that are going to lose next elections in november . 
  the parties that will win have an anti-austerity speech . 
  they know what austerity is . 
  so it is , do you accept more austerity from europe or do you prefer make something different and risky that can be worse , equal but also better ? 
  your nick matches perfectly with your speech . 
  they even eat . 
  what a simple thinking . 
  situation in greece is little bit more complicated . 
  they have been acceptig troika austerity reforms for 5-6years , after that their situation is much worse . 
  they have lost a lot because of this wrong measures . 
  nobody is guilty of this . 
  greece is not the first country ruined by ecb and imf 's austerity measures . 
  look for infomation on the web . 
  why germany 's debt after 2ww was pardoned , and now something like that seems so imposible ? 
  why imf recognises that austerity does n't work and keeps on with it ? 
  if greece leaves the euro , creditors are going to get their money back ? 
  if they are not , is a honour problem ? 
  a fight of prouds ? 
  will be that good for economy ? 
  what about other countries like spain that are seeing that after 7 years of austerity we do n't see any improvement ? 
  do you really think that what they want is to still having free money ? 
  they are paying debts with that money , they do n't enjoy it . 
  this is clearly not working , everybody knows that .
