yes , we generally enjoy living close to our families . 
  we live as a drama going abroad for a job ( something more and more usual because of the crisis ) . 
  some north-americans situate spain in south - america . 
  spanish : nomeolvides , means exactly the same . 
  in spain we have the pejorative word ` gabacho ' for french . 
  we are suposed to hate french people . 
  joke : on a train a beautiful woman , a fat and ugly woman , a french man and a spanish man . 
  they pass through a tunnel and a strong slap is heard . 
  the beautiful woman thinks : one of this men has touched the fat woman believing it was me and she has given him a slap . 
  the fat woman : one of this man has touched the beautiful lady and she has given him a slap . 
  the french man : this stupid spanish has touched one of this ladies and she has hit me by mistake . 
  the spanish man : i 'm eager to pass another tunnel and give another slap to this fucking ` gabacho ' . 
  joke : frenchs are fucking , fucking , fuccking idiots !, 
  just because we are their poor neighbours they treat us as if we were ... portugueses . 
  in spain should be the flag of spain . 
  as in italy . 
  maybe because i live close from france and far from portugal , but i would put france in our map . 
  i supose southern france would put spain and not germany . 
  did europe made any study about how would we be in case of gexit ? 
  that is a treason to greece , i suppose . 
  why not ? 
  inequality is an issue . 
  from a liberal point of view it means nothing , from a socialdemocrat it means all . 
  the most western country of the eu , is a good way to begin . 
  this things remember me spain and the absurd cases against monedero and zapata . 
  they were absolved but the personal damage is done . 
  if having a plan-b is a problem in the eu , all of us should begin to prepare our plan-b , this is not going to last , is too stupid . 
  i love greece . 
  i do n't know any greek personally . 
  my only referents are varoufakis , tsipras , plato , aristoteles , euclides , sofocles ... 
  i would love to be in a party with any of them . 
  why , if there were so many violations , there has n't been any trial , any guilty or any responsibility ? 
  this is why many of us are so angry . 
  i know governments of aznar and zapatero did it terribly bad , the spanish central bank also was missing and not doing its supervisor function . 
  what i want is an audit to know who did n't do his job . 
  why nobody wants to make an audit of the banks that collapsed , or an audit of the debt ? 
  it 's easy to blame citizens for what they vote , but they vote a program and nothing of what has happened was in any program . 
  so if psoe and pp are populists , and podemos is populist as well ... we are condemned . 
  in spain the state had a very low debt until it had to bail out the banks . 
  in that moment private debt became public debt . 
  so i supose you do n't refer to spain . 
  in greec wasn?t exactly the same , but i think there was a lot of it too . 
  french and german banks lent money without limit to spaniard banks , making a very good business , that was apparently a bussiness with risk zero . 
  because if the banks could n't pay the state paid . 
  that 's the reason why many people like me , that has n't made a single loan in all my life , i 'm paying for the unrisky bussinesses of others . 
  and we are anxiously waiting for increasing production !!, 
  it just take 100 years in making any effect . 
  i can be quite wrong because i was there 10 years ago , but i do n't believe prices are similar in poland and germany . 
  that is just impossible . 
  specially if as you say half society is earning 300 hundred euros a month . 
  it 's truth that many goods are expensive there but food in a supermarket , restaurants an housing must be cheaper , and with very simple searching on the internet i have just seen it . 
  if you think it , all shops are full of food , clothes , bikes , cars , and whatever you can need . 
  so someway all the work is done . 
  we only need buyers . 
  but the cost of life is cheaper in poland . 
  i have eaten in a quite good restaurant in poland for around 4 euros . 
  with that in germany you can have a hot dog . 
  germany and minijobs . 
  earning 400 euros is considered a job . 
  that seems quite tricky . 
  what do you think ? 
  most people in spain would n't emigrate if there was employment here . 
  salaries are higher in uk or germany but the cost of living is much higher as well . 
  spanish crisis has anything to do with the public spending . 
  although we do n't have a lot of chechen population here and they are not very known , i only associate them with criminal bands . 
  i ' m sorry , i know it 's not truth for the mayority , but i think this is the more common stereotype in spain for chechen . 
  mmmmm ... that 's bad ? 
  we are 26 % , 50 % for young . 
  that 's unfair they have made many reforms imposed by the troika . 
  they have said no to decrease pensions but they have already cut in everything . 
  the cuts made during these last 7 years were exactly for the purpose you mention . 
  the result is known for everybody . 
  and do n't forget we get indebted to lend to greece ... 
  this only finish with the creditors with all the money in the world . 
  somersault with 1 twist to avoid saying that tsipras is right . 
  fiscal paradises is a big issue that i never hear talk about in europe . 
  at least 80bilion greek euros are in switzerland and luxemburg . 
  is it so difficult to understand this ?? 
  all spaniards would say that spain sucks ... but is the best place in the world . 
  translated : politics are terrible , life is great ( sun , food , nightlife , social life ... ), 
  i think the last decissions about greece would change the opinion on germany . 
  i think it is n't , but look in [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/basque_country_ ( autonomous_community ), 
  it has always been the richest region pf spain . 
  with standards of living close to northern countries . 
  why 17-21 is blue and 21-25 is red ? 
  i think colours exagerate difference and only try to divide europe in 2 sides . 
  i do n't think it 's only a electoral question . 
  many families are now living of the pensions due to high unemployment . 
  if they cut them things will get worse for many people . 
  and what would be the good impact of that measure ? 
  paying a 0,000 x percent of the debt ? 
  wich problems ? 
  are you thinking that if they postpone their age of retirement everything would be solved ? 
  they have made big reforms , extreme cuts and they are worse and worse . 
  translated . 
  eu powers do n't want to admit that a left party like syriza is right . 
  only two options : 1 . fuck greece and syriza until they starve to death or change the govefnment . 
  began to change through media the narrayive of syriza as radical left party and admit they are closer to socialdemocracy and were n't so wrong . 
  i understand it perfectly . 
  the other parties are very corrupt and also were who lead greece where is now .
