  i wanted also to point out that private is not the same as efficient . 
  and in my opinion usa system is much worse , all prices are extremely inflated . 
  it 's cheaper to pay both systems , private and public in spain than paying for the northamerican system , that is only private . 
  spanish in 2014 , after 7 years of hard crisis is the 7th best system of the world according to world health organisation . 
  usa is the 37th . 
  public is not the same as communist , like many people think . 
  it can be synonim of quality and efficience sometimes . 
  [ ranking ] ( http://thepatientfactor.com/canadian-health-care-information/world-health-organizations-ranking-of-the-worlds-health-systems/ ), 
  now i remember carmen kass , i love her . 
  thanks for the info , 
  i do n't know them . 
  only in canarias islands or the south they say papa . 
  the most used name is patata . 
  in spain the firt is ` slovakia is from the eu ' 2nd : ` slovakia is cheap ' , 3rd : ` slovakia is poor ', 
  very funny but false , for spain the autocomplete here says ` is a secular state ' . 
  for germany ` is a republic ' for france ` is bigger than spain ' ... 
  this is why syriza is in power . 
  i thought we were one of the first cocaine consumers in the world but we do n't even appear in the chart of deaths by drug abuse !, 
  because they owe them money . 
  a lot of money . 
  and they want it back . 
  of course it 's a simplification , but what i want to mean is that i think banks have n't acted correctly , because they risked too much , and now all of us have to pay the lack of prevision of banks . 
  their bussiness is lending money and they should make good assessments for making good investments as all private companies and they did n't . 
  varoufakis explained it very well . 
  when you owe 100 millions you have a problem . 
  when you owe 300.000.000.000 the problem is for others . 
  so its a need to make an agreement . 
  everybody is interested in it . 
  look how risky it is the banks bussiness . 
  german for example : their banks had a lot of liquidity , they did n't know what the fuck to do with it . 
  these private companies decide lend it to private spanish or greek bank companies , they lend so big amounts that they know that can create a bubble . 
  they do it as well . 
  they are earning a lot from the bubble . 
  the bubble , they have created in a private bussiness crashes . 
  all the bank system collapses . 
  now they want their money back . 
  the spanish or greek government accept to give them back the money from taxpayers , not necessarily borrowers , all taxpayers . 
  does somebody understand that those can be called private companies ? 
  they only get the benefits , when they lose the state is there to save them . 
  where is the risk for them ? 
  they should be independent , do n't you think ? 
  it 's exactly what i think . 
  banks today are subsidized companies , they never lose . 
  as i see the perfect bussiness is buying debt from greece , specially if its with a big risk , with a high interest ... they can be sure that it will be paid even if the government has to kill of hunger thousands of greeks . 
  i do n't see the risk anywhere . 
  yes they should invent something better than eurovision . 
  i feel european when i meet people from africa or china . 
  but i admit i feel exactly the same in usa than in london or berlin . 
  of course i feel closer to italy , portugal and greece , but nothing to do with finland or switzerland , although i love them . 
  i completely agree . 
  i was only trying to show that the way you make the question is very important . 
  germany . 
  is the only case in wich we love sons . 
  we do n't give a shit for sons here in spain . 
  i supose it depends on how the question is made . 
  for the question ` do yo want to go to a stupid war in irak for looking for invented massive destruction arms ? ', 
  every spaniard would have said no . 
  for the question ` would you defend your daughters from being raped and killed by an invasion of stranger people ? ', 
  spaniards woud say yes . 
  but no one of the demonstrations made in the streets are against the private system . 
  what they hate is that the popular party wants to privatise the management of public hospitals and it means that there will be a company getting public money and trying to reduce costs for getting a benefit . 
  it 's good you to say so . 
  middle class means a good life . 
  not just eating everyday . 
  to have a car , not the cheapest one , to own a house , to have a little company , a shop or work as a professional . 
  i wish i could read your language . 
  as i can guess in the graphic you are doing well . 
  that 's cool , very different from our situation in spain right now . 
  that 's very good !!, 
  but inequality is bigger . 
  if it was a question of everybody being poorer because of the crisis , we should understand . 
  [ have a look ] ( https://www.oxfam.org/en/research/time-end-extreme-inequality ), 
  congratulations , you can say after the crisis !, 
  we are still in . 
  i agree with all what you say . 
  i think we are living a difficult moment and changes are needed . 
  we need more union or disolution . 
  yes , but 2007 was 8 years ago . 
  history has n't stopped . 
  we have lost a part of that middle class . 
  hahahaa , sorry i made you learn something  . we double letters in acronyms when the words are plural . 
  i 'm sorry i used it , i did n't realized . 
  with egg , not cream . 
  although i 'm very critical with my government , i 'm very proud of our health system , one of the cheapest and more efficient in the world . 
  it 's a public one and it 's equal for everyone . 
  when you are ill in spain , even if it 's a big cancer with a millionaire treatment you do n't have to pay a single euro . 
  and you are going to have the same treatment , a very good one , as the richest people in the country . 
  if you prefer to go to a private hospital you can do it as well , and they have prices extreamly lower than in countries like usa . 
  we simply have had one of the best health systems in the world for many years . 
  a public system that many want to sell right now . 
  i thought the cold war was finished . 
  maybe you think eeuu or europe do n't make any bussiness with china . 
  and latinamerican countries are n't being ignored by west countries : almost all devoloped countries have interests in southamerica . 
  the situation is ignored ... by the media in any case . 
  and yes , its third world , but let me mind also about third world . 
  the process of emancipation of countries like bolivia , ecuador , uruguay , argentina and venezuela . 
  i , m talking about the process of emacipation in many countries like bolivia , ecuador , uruguay , argentina , brasil and venezuela being reduced to a lack of toilet paper on media . 
  the lack of toilet paper is the only image they show us of these countries , but what about ecuador and bolivia ? 
  they have improved a lot the standard of living . 
  and also uruguay has improved from a very deep crisis .
