  the real macedonia or the slavish one ? 
  as a dota player , i can assure you that this game is easy mode for any of us . 
  dota is the most competitive game of the genre out there with a pretty huge and hard learning curve and it can not be mastered . 
  you can not understand if you dont play . 
  thats the reason i play hots only if i am really tired to play dota . 
   dota 2 is still the same as it was . 
  [ client ] ( http://www.pcgamesn.com/sites/default/files/dota%202%20main%20menu%20changes.jpg ) , [ in game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lzo9p5tl9ru ), 
  as someone who plays both games i have to say that dota has better graphics/features than any other moba right now because of the new engine that valve created . 
  he is not good enough to join a tier 1 and tier 2 team . 
  he will probably make a stack or something if he wants to play in a team . 
  that was yesterday ... 
  am i trolling or you ? 
  black hasnt do anything since last november . 
  he has changed 10 tier 4 teams since then and he is now an analyst because i am pretty sure he understands himself that he is not that good anymore . 
  i dont care what he did 1 + year before . 
  i am talking about now . 
  he was a good player , like xboct was at his prime but right now dota pro players are way better than him . 
  why so many players do n't like illidan by the way ? 
  he seems like a cool guy to me . 
  probably he is kidding or he says it because he is romanian . 
  i lost hope at cancel at [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/bypmhvqt9-o?t=936 ) game . 
  i still remember how bad he was . 
  i think they kicked him a few days after that series . 
  moo + n = moon . 
  alliance ( almost ) , dendi + navi , madara + ssaspartan , fear + eg etc. . . there is some . 
  i expect a fucking new in game ui that was promised last year . 
  i bet you are the person who does n't change his 30 years old car because he likes it too :d, 
  i think they have dropped the sponsorships for more teams . 
  ad finem 's included . 
  even tho this is probably because they didnt make it to ti . 
  probably because lm invested some money thinking that moo would be on the team . 
  dota is about players and not teams . 
  you should always inform your sponsors ... 
  you must be idiot to make such a story from this tweet . 
  lootmarket is a company that just dropped a sponsorship from the team that got ** second place ** at ti . 
  what is ridiculous is that they ` ld do it because they know moo 's mom ... rofl . 
  edit : i ca n't believe i am getting downvoted . 
  everytime something happens between sponsors and teams in this subreddit , i feel like most of people are 13 years old kids that believe that business work based on emotion and not profit . 
  ofc they should n't . 
  but they can just stop giving money if they think that the brand is downgraded because of roster changes . 
  that 's why they should know . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  have you ever worked in a business ? 
  the only way i see this working is if moo 's mum or moo owns lootmarket . 
  or their dad or something . 
  otherwise what you are saying sounds unbelievable ridiculous to me . 
  agreed but we are speaking about moo 's mum here and lootmarket which is basically owned by g2a i believe . 
  we are not talking about two friends or some shit . 
  i fail to see how this is relevant to what we say . 
  moo will never be a strong ally to lootmarket . 
  100 % troll even if the part with moo makes sense . 
  i dont believe they will take cancel for mid . 
  he is gon na trigger swindlez at their first official and get kicked . 
  he rages all the time . 
  moreover , i remember him at kaipi . 
  he was really bad and got kicked . 
  basically , not exactly bad . 
  he had his moments but generally he wasnt good at all . 
  give it 3-4 games ... after that you will stuck and your life will end here in this subreddit . 
  what do you mean waste time ? 
  that learning curve that you do n't know shit is the best time ever because you are really enjoying the game . 
  this is surprising . 
  what is going on right now, 
  i want to spend about 60-70 $ at fasttech ( prices in europe are literally x2 so i want to buy from there ) . 
  single coil because this will be my first rta . 
  i dont have problem with internal batteries but from what i ve been told interchangeable are better . 
   not altogether guys, 
  back to school so you can learn to read . 
  yeah ... that is what i was thinking but because i ld still be in budget with a slightly bigger mod like rx200s i was not sure !, 
  well ... its not that i cant go at 80 $ or something . 
  what wire do you recommend for the serpent mini ? 
  ss is easy to build so i can run the mod in tc mode ? 
  rofl rip s4 and loda friendship . 
  charlie can i ask you something ? 
  right now , in the dota scene , if eg is hypothetically not a brand anymore , is there any team that can offer as much as them to the players ? 
  apart from the chinese brands ofc ... 
  or to make it simple : is there any western focused esport brand in the dota scene that can be on par with such a big brand like eg ? 
  i dont think tsm earns that much according to the lol drama . 
  is it possible to rage and have a smile on your face ? 
  it must be really awkward :d, 
   he 's nice positive dude, 
  [ 4head ] ( https://youtu.be/ffydwwjw8ae?t=16 ), 
  yeah ... he left the game , smashed his keyboard , called all of his team monkeys and thanked god he didnt abandoned bacause he ld go to lp . 
  did you ? 
  do understand that you literally say the same with me about the mentality ? 
  he always rages ... everyone knows that . 
  there is not a single person that does n't have cancel premuted . 
  the fact that he did n't abandon had to do with the fact that he did n't want to play lp . 
  well ... knowing the man who owns ig and that the chinese salaries are pretty huge , i would say that ferrari was getting paid probably more than dendi . 
  just a speculation tho ... 
  well ... you almost were multiple times anyway . 
  poor guy ... he doesnt know . 
  a bit more to add . 
  alliance won the international 3 with exactly the same line up 3 years before . 
  they did n't last for too long after that and they reunited last year . 
  they did n't place well at this international and so they split again . 
  they have a huge fanbase because first of all they are ti winners , secondly they are all swedish ( so all swedish support them ) and they have one guy that is very famous for his streaming . 
  navi on the other hand won the first ever international so they have a place in the heart of everyone . 
  they have the most famous player in their line up named dendi and they are all russians or ukrainians , so they have a pretty huge fanbase . 
  they are probably the team with the most fans in dota .
