  / r/learndota2 is the place for you . 
  tip : if you watch the game from the client and not from twitch you can choose the `` player perspective '' option and see how the game looks from the perspective of that particular player/hero you want to watch . 
  you will be able to see where he clicks , what his vision is etc. . . 
  that goes for everygame . 
  you can go to watch tab right now to a high mmr game and watch from the perspective of a paricular player . 
  there are meta characters but dota is fairly balanced compared to any game and especially the other mobas . 
  at the last international 105 heroes were picked out of the 109 ( at the time ) . 
  do n't worry about meta picks . 
  anything can work . 
  from the 1 to 5 . 
  also , dont forget the b-sides . 
  there are so many godly b-sides and that makes me angry . 
  the guy is a troll . 
  look his post history . 
  why the hell i ca n't find madara on players ' tab ? 
  last year they were too many . 
  they were not competitive with synd either . 
  dc became thunderbirds and onyx became dc, 
  yeah ... they have n't completely update it yet . 
  just buy a sim . 
  you do n't need to buy a program so you wo n't pay for fucks sake . 
  yeah ... because the game is so important that everyone will go and buy 10 sims . 
  you are delusional . 
  also , who the fuck does n't have a mobile in 2017 ? 
  well ... he should play unranked . 
  i do n't have beers tonight . 
  what am i gon na do ? 
  it 's 4/21 here . 
  shiettttt, 
  it 's the greek spirit m8 . 
  #i am hard, 
  yep ... that 's europe for you m8 . 
  i watch nba for the dunks and euroleague for the tactic and the crowd . 
  what is happening, 
  nop, 
  you know ... he is the only one who is communicating now and then . 
  it 's not right to mention and blame him like that . 
  if ee takes enough reports he will play lp . 
  end of story . 
   people who are paranoid about these things tend to not be very intelligent, 
  congratulations ... you are more idiot than i thought . 
  it 's not paranoia to do not want to give your mobile number to anyone , including a company like valve . 
  every now and then your hear stories about major companies that are being hacked and data that are being stolen . 
  it is amazing what someone can do with a simple phone number . 
  from faking an id to sidesteping a security step . 
  keep in mind that your steam account has your phone , your email on it and if you are trully idiot your card or your paypal . 
  do you even understand how dangerous it is ? 
  [ before one week one hacker team posted every single nsa program online . 
  ] ( https://arstechnica.com/security/2017/04/nsa-leaking-shadow-brokers-just-dumped-its-most-damaging-release-yet/ ) i know that me and you are not a potential target but we could be in the future . 
  and yes , everyone is affected . 
   this is a very retarded argument and even you already realize that . 
  it really is n't and you should inform yourself on the dangers of the internet . 
   did you really comment on this without reading op 's post ? 
  i did and i just changed his words . 
  being worried about your privacy is not paranoia . 
  it is what a normal human being does . 
   the end . 
  you 've just been proven wrong . 
  no i am not . 
  your argument is retarded . 
  it 's the kind of `` i do n't care , because i dont have nothing to worry about '' . 
  i suggest watching [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/pcslowahvuk ) for starters . 
  and yes , i ve shopped online . 
  that does n't mean that i would n't avoid giving my information if i could . 
   and no , unless something is an actual endangerment to your life in the present moment , then paranoia is never normal . 
  do n't speak out of your ass . 
  so you say people should n't care about privacy because they are not in danger atm . 
  what the hell ... 
   exactly , because there is nothing to worry about . 
  dude ... please . 
  you ca n't really believe that . 
  watch the video plz . 
  it really debunks this idiotic argument . 
   you 've just proven yourself wrong right there . 
  no i did n't . 
  yeah ... have a nice day . 
  there is no reason to argue with people that claim that privacy is not important . 
  there is a reason that it is a fundemental human right . 
  i want to believe that you understand that you are wrong but you are too stubborn to say it . 
  otherwise , it 's a shame and it clearly shows that you are an idiot . 
  too bad . 
   so you say people should n't care about privacy because they are not in danger atm . 
  what the hell ... 
   exactly , because there is nothing to worry about . 
  you contradict yourself . 
   please google up and gain a better understanding as to how to define the word `` paranoia '' rather than being stuck in your worthless argument . 
  nice dodge . 
  you are stucked in this particular argument that offers nothing . 
  i already explained to you that op was wrong on using this word . 
  you are probably a 15 yo tho and you ca n't even make a conversation . 
  that 's a shame too . 
  i wo n't answer to you again . 
  you ca n't give arguments . 
  because csgo does n't have boosters and buyers . 
  right ... 
  5-8 ) eg , thunderbirds , tnc , vp, 
  9-16 ) the rest . 
  tor . 
  why ? 
  very few people get it right anyway .
