  all these after 10 years of speaking and learning greek . 
  i even got into the university by giving greek exams . 
  no idea ... it 's been way too long . 
  duolingo added greek recently and you can go to / r/greek to ask further information . 
  i ve heard that there is a guy in youtube that teaches greek through videos and that it really works for some people . 
  i think it 's [ him ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryjut05mhvs ) . 
  probably dac organizers knew and on top of that noone had already played in the quals unlike ch , so it was illegal to play again . 
  that was a bug that got fixed more than a month ago . 
  i am talking about the 99min queue btw . 
  you 'd queue for 3 mins but it 'd show 99 . 
  the problem is with pro-players not with the normal people like us . 
  they get reported just because they are pro . 
   just do n't let enemies report, 
  what if the enemy flames you ? 
  i am not offended ... i want to punish them . 
  i want a punishment . 
  i do n't want to mute them . 
  i want to punish them for being shitty . 
  same ... i had probably 10 intentional feeders since i started playing and that was 3-4 years ago . 
  i do n't gain anything . 
  their next teamm8s do . 
  maybe it 's me after all . 
   even fucking lol, 
  rofl ... players there get banned for days for no reason . 
  this will be ad finem 's 3rd official game in this patch and they had a big break after the major . 
  i believe c9 has good chances . 
  af played too sloppy against liquid and horde . 
  you monster ... i do n't know how to feel about this . 
  i ca n't stop laughing at this one . 
  we really do n't care about transportation . 
  we can go from greece to ukraine with 2 cars or with bus if we do not have enough money for airplane tickets . 
  the problem is that the tickets for the finals will go 100 + euros and if half of us can not buy in time thats ~ 500 . 
  bounty offlane is from the old days . 
  who the fuck jerks off to lina or generally to internet characters ? 
  exactly . 
  am i missing something ? 
  so you are saying that valve should abandon the f2p model or create only shit skins that noone will buy . 
  because the game must have profit somehow . 
  generally , you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  yes . 
  valve made that clear at ti4 when fnatic wanted to kick era . 
  they said the invites go directly to the players and the money too . 
  who even thinks like that ? 
  i understand that you are willing to work for low wage but never say that . 
  also , never say that you never get sick . 
  everyone gets sick . 
  holy shit . 
  / r/yurop ( y. . . it 's a thing . 
  i did n't know it . 
  shame on me . ), 
  [ this explains fairly well why there are so many idiots . 
  ] ( https://www.inverse.com/article/10770-people-who-think-the-earth-is-flat-are-wrong-but-flat-earthers-aren-t-nuts ), 
  i ve been to glastonbury brah . 
  i became immune . 
   david him, 
  i doubt this is icefrog . 
  i have a crepe with merenda and banana but i am bored to eat it . 
  also , i am feeling down today . 
  i was there . 
  someone also threw a burger on the stage and alex ate it . 
  pretty sure there is a video on youtube . 
   lets not forget that one of the first `` big '' ( as in with a prizepool bigger than 1k at the time ) dota tournaments was sponsored by riot at gamescom . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that 's marketing . 
  nothing more . 
  they made themselves known to more dota players , aka easier customers . 
   yep , the ceo of the biggest game in the genre knows nothing about the lead developer of a competing game ... because that makes sense . 
  just because lol is big does n't mean that the company is good . 
  their pr is awful . 
  the times tryndamere and riot guys fucked up are countless . 
  they have one freaking game with shitty code and no pr . 
  the company is profitable as fuck but that does n't mean that they are trustworthy or severe professionals . 
  i did n't enjoy westworld that much . 
  probably because i was watching mr. 
  robot in parallel . 
  i felt it was too freaking slow . 
  i am depressed as fuck too . 
  do you get any help ? 
  does your girlfriend get any help ? 
  if she does but she refuses to help herself anyway then you do n't have a choice . 
  you ca n't stay for ever with a self-destructive person . 
  i was self-destructive too and i dumbed my girlfriend who was with me for 2 years because i did n't want her to see me destroy my life . 
  i did n't want to help myself . 
  dumbing her kind of helped because i stayed alone for far too long and i realize that i need to change . 
  it 's shitty but ... you ca n't do much if she does n't want . 
   i have people to help me but i still feel scared and alone . 
  you need to see a phychologist . 
  believe me ... it helps a lot . 
   i ca n't stay with her at all ( the police have put me on bail and required me to have no contact with her and to walk away from her if i see her in the distance ) . 
  did you talk to the police about all that ? 
  i am not sure but if she is suicidal they are obligated to examinate the situation and send her to a phychologist or physiactrist . 
  talk to them . 
  they are obligated to help by law . 
  it does n't matter what they did to you in that particular situation . 
  the result will open their eyes anyway . 
  how can we know dude ? 
  usually it 's the best hotel near the venue . 
  musically : am, 
  lyrically : humbug by far . 
  try vulkan .
