  you can put ig , og , eg , newbee or whatever in the order you want but the tournament is still single elim . 
  also ... i am biased . 
  find 2-3 heroes for each role that you like and when you get bored of them you find a new one . 
  that 's how you learn dota . 
  any list that you show us will be fine and everything will be viable in your pubs . 
   summer, 
   sweden, 
  jeffhill is another one . 
  i think these are the only ones i ve seen . 
  it 's fine ... in one way or another the money will go to merkel anyway . 
  this one is probably the same as the nba store, 
  it 's a replica . 
  it basically shows that us has 6,5 % of the whole dota active playerbase while brazil 4,5 % thus more players play dota from us than brazil . 
  in conclusion , the argument of the guy above is false . 
  the graph is from steamdb, 
  i think you missed to point . 
  we are arguying about how many players play in us and brasil in absolute number and not about the percentage of the active players in those particular countries and their populations . 
  with your logic , not many people play dota in china but they are over a million active players which is pretty big . 
  dude ... what is wrong with you ? 
  the post is talking about how weird is that brazil has more players at major than us . 
  this guy said that this is because dota is not very popular in us . 
  the other guy showed the graph to show that us in absolute numbers has more players than brazil so his argument is false . 
  australia ? 
  sea ? 
  china ? 
  japan ? 
  had to google that . 
  til . 
  ig vs mousesports . 
  seriously , i give them more chances vs hard opponents than sg/dc etc kind of teams . 
  they will be hyped as fuck . 
  for day 1 yes ... for day 2 you should choose a team that will play the most games but will do reletively well even when they lose . 
  or that 's how i think it goes . 
  that 's the only thing i do n't like about the nba . 
  no chants , no flags ... nothing . 
  :( in europe ultras have guys that are in charge and start the chants . 
  is n't 3-2 better ? 
  it depends on how well the game will goes tho . 
  i am not talking about the guy with the microphone that shouts `` defense '' . 
  i am talking about something like this . 
  https://youtu.be/dtwbtzbfki8 ( been there ) . 
  yeah i know ... the ticket prices , the commercials and the american sports culture does n't let that happen . 
  i am going at football/basketball games 5-10 times a year and i do n't think i 'd go if i could n't chant etc. 
  i have 2 gyros , 5 beers and i am ready . 
  let `` s gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo !!, 
  i 'd send you one of my gyros . 
  am i the only one that wants to slap melanie and tell her to shut up ? 
  she is more than cute . 
  what she is doing is painful to me . 
  well , i am only a nobody on the internet from the other side of the world . 
  you do n't need to tell her . 
  she is very beautiful tho . 
  it does n't mind you that cia can hack your own car and kill you but you ca n't wait for the day wikileaks will go too far . 
  american flag for thunderbirds and german flag for mousesports . 
  you wut . 
  he wasnt casting dota because he got married and his wife came to us so he wanted a bit time off . 
  he casts the major in 2 days . 
  european makes a lot more sense when 4/5 are from europe . 
  defenitely not american . 
  even moon is canadian . 
  yeah i know that canada is in america ... you know what i mean . 
  what ? 
  european union = / = europe . 
  you are confusing the continent with the politicoeconomic union . 
  are you crazy ? 
  holy mother of god ... i completely missed that . 
  thx, 
  for 2,5 years i was a fool . 
  i thought the trick was to be happy . 
  i did n't know that you have to be dead inside to get free mmr points . 
  now i do . 
  10k here i come . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ feelsbadman, 
   find one, 
   stay 2,5 years together, 
   let her dump you, 
   free mmr . 
  well ... they can already hack your car if it made after 2013 . 
  i do n't even know what more there is after that . 
  please watch this . 
  he makes some good arguments . 
  ok , let 's stop talking about how our human rights are being invaded . 
  we all know it happens anyway . 
  right ? 
  even if that is true , which i doubt it is , then what ? 
  the information that he publishes need to be published . 
  that 's another thing . 
  you said `` hacked by russian intelligence '' implying that the russian government is behind this . 
  keep in mind that anyone can send info to wikileaks very easily and it happens all the time . 
  good . 
  fuck your american intelligence . 
  - the rest of the world . 
  yes . 
   the us government has the ability to bomb your house and entirely wipe you and your family off the face of existence without a single person lifting a finger . 
  do you get mad about that , too ? 
  nice strawman you got there dude . 
  they do n't bomb my house tho . 
  on the other hand , they are spying on me . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  what the hell is this argument .
