  sure . 
   like many of you i spent my schooling years and uni life playing dota 1 and took the plunge into dota 2 . 
  you made the ultimate transition and you are scared of this ? 
  so edgy . 
   competitive was fun to watch, 
  did we watch the same major ? 
  some games were pretty fun i agree but most of them had an op alchemist/luna and shadow demon . 
  well , he does tho . 
  vast majority wants 7.00 . 
  to be fair , the game loads in 2 secs now . 
  it is a fair sacrifice . 
  you really made a new acc for this ? 
  me too ... gg, 
  lol . . no . 
   i really love unique complexity of this game . 
  they made the game even more complex but you do n't get it . 
  it must be difficult to have such a low iq . 
  they basically replaced the simple +2 attribute system with a talent system . 
  they did n't change anything else . 
  they made heroes even more diverse and thus the game . 
  lol ... yeah ... the +50 dmg to cm means that everyone will play her as carry . 
  sure m8 . 
  you are completely braindead . 
  a +120 health or +5 armor does n't force anything . 
  you keep demonstrating how braindead you are . 
  that 's so funny . 
  do them on your own . 
  i prefer them to focus on new updates . 
  / r/learndota2 . 
  there is your subreddit . 
  i am dead, 
  fuck greek internet . 
  [ i am doing it ] ( http://image.prntscr.com/image/291ab2096622415693733b9676da2b66.png ), 
  if i ever find mnt outside i will . 
  we live in the same city , but is a big one . 
  downloading at 1,5 mb . 
  congrats ... you beat me . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://img-9gag-fun.9cache.com/photo/aepggm5_460s.jpg ) :(, 
  i have 24mb connection which is the minimum . 
  my house 's cable is terrible tho . 
  we will all need to time to adapt . 
  it 's the best time to get into . 
  open the `` learn tab '' ingame . 
  it will teach you the basics . 
  after that you can play 10-15 bot games and then you can watch some pro players on twitch or in game . 
  find the heroes you love and play with them . 
  just have fun and if you are a competitive player you will become better . 
  they fixed it in the last test client update . 
  he works for valve . 
  how is it possible ? 
  relaunch the game . 
  you had the same shit on your left . 
  either they will fix it , or you will get use to it . 
  yeah ... the old hud was so good !!!, 
  it was just taking 50 % of the screen . 
  tell me how it is league of legends and i ll believe you . 
  you played one fucking game . 
  i played another and lycan was dogshit . 
  eul works for valve . 
  nice dodge . 
  lol has 99 % evasion ? 
  moreover ... mkb . 
  you are the troll . 
  this game has nothing to do with lol you fucking braindead . 
  i thought you were talking about the item . 
  stats were so complex . 
  god ... member the days when you could just click and have +2 attributes ? 
  i member, 
  reborn anyone ? 
  it 's not dota tradition you idiot . 
  this happens with literally every game that has updates . 
  did you just turn 12 ? 
  literally all games in xbox had and still have bugs . 
  if it was in the era that they were n't updatable it was because they were tested for half a year . 
  you are just an ignorant braindead . 
  accept it and move on . 
  it was too big and it was a problem for many new players . 
   shrines makes it feel like i 'm playing easy mode . 
  agreed . 
  suicides were so much better . 
  / s ca n't wait to see your 80 % winrate . 
  rofl ... i laugh at your face . 
  old players like you and me will eventually stop playing because we grow up and because we are getting bored . 
  i have n't played for 6 months ... i just watch . 
  valve and generally games that want to last need the 15year olds . 
  if you were a game developer you ld certaintly have killed all of your games . 
  dota did n't last that long because of 4k + mmr players . 
  dota2.com / 700, 
  enable vulkan and rr the game or even your pc . 
  no ... it is similar to hots talent trees but far more straightforward . 
  it is just the alternative of leveling up +2 attributes . 
  this is the biggest patch of the decade and i can not really make a tl ; dr. 
  it 's not that . 
  some people were asking him to leave the game back then . 
  not everyone was happy with the valve thing . 
  people were calling him vulvafrog . 
  the cat thing is bullshit . 
  some people were asking him to leave the game back then . 
  not everyone was happy with the valve thing . 
  people were calling him vulvafrog .
