  did he fuck your mother or your sister ? 
  maybe both of them ? 
  how old are you ? 
  they will probably have a big prizepool but why do n't u see top tier teams competing without it ? 
  do n't forget that there is a starladder tournament at the end of february . 
  china gets some love . 
  reminder to your bitchy face that the last dac was perfect . 
  most people were also bitching about the new client . 
  ask them again in 2 months . 
  the hero has 50 % winrate on every bracket . 
  how it is broken ? 
   as builds get figured out and playstyles get refined that winrate should go up . 
  * as people learn to play against the hero and figure out the counterpicks that winrate should go down . 
  you are right ... why do i even bother ? 
  cya in one week when the circlejerk will have stopped . 
  earth spirit is hard to play . 
  mk is not . 
  the man in the video plays fucking timber vs mk mid . 
  of course he should die . 
  how can they fix the bugs if there are no people searching for them ? 
  there were only 15-20k people playing the test client . 
  oh i forgot ursa has a fucking ulti that makes him almost invicible , an easy to land slow and a +400 attack speed ability . 
  when we are talking about a relatively easy to hero it does . 
  what i said literally proves that you can . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  dota 's front page is full of complaints because more than 20k people are testing the game . 
  moreover , valve updates the game 3 times a day , what do you mean they do n't respond ? 
  it takes time . 
  moreover , reporting a bug might not help in some cases . 
  they need to understand how it is created to fix it . 
  this happens with every single game that has big updates . 
  it 's kind of strange to me that everyone is bashing gg.bet ( and rightfuly ) but noone is talking about xfinity ( aka comcast ) . 
  amen ... if g2a and gg.bet are shady organizations ( and they are ) , comcast is the pineacle of shadiness . 
  agreed . 
  ppd should shut his mouth as long as he represents comcast tho . 
  he is heavily promoting them tho . 
  repeat ... 
  he is heavily promoting fucking comcast . 
  g2a and gg.bet are nothing in terms of shadiness compared to comcast . 
  it 's not about dealing with comcast personally . 
  it 's about reading the news and being informed . 
  comcast do way more shitty things than having a shitty internet connection . 
  lobbying , the netflix scandal , net neutrality etc. . . 
  i am not even from us . 
  when did i say that it excuses envy ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  is this a meme or something ? 
  ehm no . 
  g2a might commit theft or fraud ( whatever ... ) but comcast intrude human rights by giving people 's data to national agencies illegaly . 
  let 's not talk about the netflix scandal and all the other frauds they commit . 
  some things are mort important than money . 
  oh god ... what a nightmare . 
  it ld be a shitshow ingame and outside of the game . 
  and ritsu the best stalker . 
  if every game you play is like that , you are the problem , not the game . 
  [ obligatory ... ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/czmdealveaajgrt.png:large ), 
  literally daed gaem . 
  did you just make the same post ? 
  goodbye dota 2 - hello daed gaem . 
  take your fucking loading screens and get out of here . 
  exactly the same for me . 
  i have n't played since march . 
  this is the first time i play more than 10 games since then . 
  i was only watching . 
   that was the one reason i never played league of legends before , but since dota is not much more different than league right now , there is no point in playing it . 
  this part of your post shows that you are really retarded . 
   i never played lol, 
   dota is not much different than lol, 
  tell me ... do you see it too ? 
  maybe there is hope for you . 
   this is the worst state i 've ever seen it, 
  reborn . 
  you are fucking braindead and you have no idea about what you are talking about . 
  i did n't investiage your post history your dumbass ... you wrote it yourself at the post . 
  the issues were far too many . 
  i think the game lost 15 % -20 % of its ' playerbase the next month . 
  congrats on your anniversary guys !, 
  obligatory : * better love story than twillight . 
  did you really went to visit her without looking at a picture ? 
  dude , you are either an idiot or you have huge balls . 
  same for her . 
  teams that will stick together :, 
  teams with a bit of questionmark :, 
  vp , wings , eg , faceless ( black said he ld be surprised if they split ) , alliance, 
  shuffle for the rest . 
  seriously the new patch is massive and there are no guides that can help you right now . 
  at the 16th of january dayz and purge start a weekly learning session on twitch . 
  the best you can do is just enjoy yourself until then . 
  i hope you had booked a hotel room at least . 
  [ no ] ( http://steamcharts.com/app/570 ), 
  also ... as the other guy said . 
  member reborn ? 
  ad finem boys have a `` family '' relationship with the organization . 
  basically , it was created when spartan said that he wanted a new greek team . 
  it helps that the organization is greek and that they are making a house in athens too . 
  so , i doubt that they will leave even if the money are really good . 
  madara said on his stream at the start of the year that some of them had really good offers from big teams and players but they decided to stay . 
  i doubt that they will leave the organization altogether . 
  it d make more sense for them to `` buy '' it with some of the money they won if they felt that something is wrong than leave . 
  there are no assets and ad finem is not a big brand anyway .
