  i am not saying it does n't happen , i just want to see . 
  i ve never seen dr pepper in greece tho . 
  oh ... really ? 
  do n't say !, 
  i never noticed . 
  i was making an observation . 
  yep !, 
  especially the cs team is getting a lot of exposure globally so that 's my guess too . 
  generally tho , in europe we do n't have this `` energy drink '' addiction many americans have . 
  i rarely see people drinking red bull or monster . 
  i see some people combine redbull with alchohol but even that not that much . 
  nah ... they are just playing bad on purpuse so noone will be ready for them at ti quals . 
  ah alright . 
  i really thought that it was energy drink for some reason . 
  ( t_t ), 
  damn son !, 
  you are trully an idiot . 
  nahaz always ends up his arguments with `` you guys dont know what you are talking about '' . 
  i remember that he blocked me on twitter because i argued about a statistical flaw datdota had at the time which was very obvious and he just did n't want to admit it . 
  love him on the panel etc but he is getting very passive aggressive when he is talking about the things he is passionate about . 
  i do n't exactly remember . 
  it 's been 1 year but it had to do with the fact that you were taking stats for some minor tournaments every now and then but not always . 
  stats about players and teams were inaccurate because of that , making categories etc essentialy * lying * . 
  you should either differentiate tournaments based on teams attending and importance or do n't take stats from minor tournaments at all than taking stats for a few of them . 
  you should either do that or start registering every single game for every single minor tournament . 
  for example : x player of a tier 3 team that has never attended a lan/played at an important tournament was top 5 at some category while he had 15 games registered from the 40 he played . 
  if you have 5 players like him , you make the whole thing irrelevant and inaccurate . 
  i do n't know if you have fixed the problem . 
  afterlife exists then . 
   i do n't * exactly * remember . 
  i might missed a word or two . 
  man ... do n't talk about tests . 
  i have uni exams in 11 days . 
  nah ... first test is english ... i will start panicking when two days are left for `` public finance '' . 
  then i ll realize that i ll fail anyway and i ll calm down . 
  yeah that 's not how it works here . 
  if i fail i ll give exams again in september . 
  there is no way you can pass every single one of your classes over here . 
  hmmm ... i am not sure what you mean with `` final exams '' . 
  we give exams 2 times a year and you give the classes that you failed again in a 3rd exam in september . 
  if you fail again at some classes you give them again at the 3 exams of the next year if you wish . 
  you can do all that until you reach the minimum age required to finish your uni ( 4 years is mine ) +2 years . 
  if you have n't finished until then they cut your benefits and some very strict universities will even expell you . 
  i give my second exam of the 3rd year in june-july . 
  holy mother of god ... i would die from the pressure . 
  anarchists most likely ... it happens quite often in greece . 
  rigged, 
  i mean ... did you really expect them to do not remember that ? 
  yeah ... you have to win 2 games . 
  400 to 3,5 k. 
  it feels the same . 
  there are rumors that cia supported the coup and the junta ( between 1967-73 ) . 
  while , we do n't know if they were behind the coup and there are no evidence but just rumors , they sure as hell were happy with the coup since russia did n't gain influence on greece . 
  moreover , the cold war that started in greece ( and not in berlin ) in 1944 ended with massive casualties . 
  nato troops ( specifically british ) arrived in athens port and killed many including unarmed civilians . 
  us gained influence on the king for many decades creating troubles between the two nations . 
  other than that , nato did n't help at the invasion of cyprus and they do n't do shit about the daily violations of greek airspace by turkey . 
  all these plus the wars and scandals us is known for have created a not so good reputation of us in greece . 
  when did you see treasure 2 so early ? 
  last year it was the cache as well . 
  the spikes in ti6/ti5 are from cache . 
  immo treasures does n't generate that much money . 
  do you remember the invoker set ? 
  how much money immo 2 release generated last year ? 
  250k - 300k . 
  one million spike is huge . 
  also , valve does n't give a shit if you and i like the sets but what the majority thinks . 
  the guys that do n't care about how much they spend , they will buy 20 sets while last year they bought 13 . 
  that 's what matters to valve . 
  not me , not you . 
  / u/sirbelvedere do we have any hint about the loading screens ? 
  every new set contains has one ... they are probably preparing something for them . 
  well ... you do n't have . 
  wait for treasure 2 +3 and the campaigns . 
  this is what happens every year . 
  he is not a mod ... mods delete them . 
  if valve stuck with the rules , then noone would buy shit . 
  go back and see the first 5-6 sets of sven that look the same and tell me if you ld buy them for more than 0.5 cents right now . 
  oh they are ... because there is no other company that can afford to give so much free content . 
  valve has stream that generates money so they can cut back in their games . 
  in every other moba you pay for heroes/champions etc. 
  rofl ... grow up dude . 
  we ca n't compete with league in terms of playerbase for various reasons that have nothing to do with voice chats , nice sets or anything like that . 
  have you ever thought that you can literally run league in a pc of 2004 ? 
  have you ever thought that league literally came out way earlier than dota 2 when dota was outdated ? 
  have you ever thought that league is just easier to get into ? 
  have you ever thought that when people play a game the playerbase start increasing based on that number ( because their friends want to play and their friends ' friends etc ) ? 
  start thinking ffs . 
  who said that ? 
  that 's the reason they charge more . 
  alright dude ... let me get this straight . 
  you queue . 
  you pass 5 mins in the picking phase . 
  you get into the game . 
  you see the teams ' composition and you keep on playing . 
  someone says `` kunka is missing '' 10 times until the 10th minute . 
  so after all that , you tell me that when you see kunka you will expect him to zip-zap . 
  got it . 
  now ... if that 's really the case i believe that you are not blind but an idiot . 
  well . .
