  here is the incident with the cats . 
  nothing really bad was said there . 
  you re right . 
  it broke after the last update . 
  dude ... lycan is broken . 
  nerf him . 
  maybe ... just maybe ... it 's because they added wind , sky , new grass and stuff ? 
  you should probably unclick those options . 
  in the beginning valve wanted the game to cost 40-60 dollars . 
  i do n't remember the actual price but i remember that one swedish store was selling it for 60 $ for preorders . 
  there were rumors that it will be free tho , but nothing official . 
  most people where also afraid that icefrog wo n't be able to balance the game on his own and will have the company above his head to tell him what to do and make the game as much profitable as possible ( selling heroes etc ) . 
  yep ... 
   easy mode, 
  the game now is even more complex and unpredictable . 
   more jungle camps ( 1 ancient , 1 medium ), 
  did you see the respawn timers ? 
   ancients can be farmed earlier and with different heroes, 
  yeah ... good luck farming the new ancient camp early . 
   shrines make fountain trips much more rare and allow for more effective farming due to being a tp location until at least mid game, 
  suicides were better / s, 
   almost four times the bounty runes, 
  that give shit gold . 
   snowbally nature of talents, 
  lol . 
  then good luck . 
  thx god the game is changing . 
  i have n't played for a year . 
  you even want the old map that people have played for thousands times . 
  dota did n't last that long before of the stale meta and the stale map , but because it is changing . 
  the hud is bad for you because you are used to the old one , not for him . 
  yes ... supports in dota are much more powerful than any other moba . 
  have you played other mobas ? 
  you gtfo out you piece of shit . 
  you are so braindead that you can not even use the search bar . 
  how does it feel to have such a low iq ? 
  how is the game more easier ? 
  ca n't wait to hear the 500 mmr answer . 
  supports in dota are way more impactful . 
  moreover , there are not `` standard '' roles in dota like there are in league . 
  lina for example can be played mid or support , sometimes even as carry . 
  that of course is situational . 
  the itemazation and the talent tree allows players to adjust to their role . 
  moreover , supports in dota roam a lot if the draft allows it while in league they do n't . 
  what choices they took away ? 
  they added talent tree which makes heroes even more unpredictable and took away the +2 attribute system . 
  they punished suicides and reduced the gold of the jungle and plus they made the ancients even stronger . 
  the bounty runes give shit gold and generally the gold in the map is way less than it used to be . 
  they also made safelaning even more difficult with the change in respawn timings and thus the `` 4 protect 1 strat '' . 
  your rest of the post is basically whinning because you do n't want to press `` alt '' . 
   more neutrals = more exp, 
  there are fewer neautrals you idiot . 
  the camps spawn literally every 2 mins . 
  use your brain . 
   exp max capacity decreased, 
  how is this making the game easier ? 
  it 's the same for everyone . 
   healing shrines across the jungle, 
  suicides were better ... i agree / s . 
  this also means more fights in midgame to defend the shrines , thus more action . 
   talents, 
  instead of the +2 attribute system . 
  for fucks sake ... talents give diversity to the heroes, 
  all in all , you are fucking retard and max 1k mmr . 
  no , you need to learn the definition of easier . 
  diversity = depth . 
  how does it feel to have such a low iq ? 
  did your mom fucked with a dog and you came out ? 
   so why then , completely change everything ? 
  because stale game = people are getting bored = no money = dead game . 
  a big change was needed in dota . 
  the game is basically the same for far too long . 
  it was stale . 
  the map was the same since 6.86 . 
  the balance was good but seriously , the game gets boring if everything is the same even if heroes are very good . 
  [ people agree with me i guess ] ( http://steamcharts.com/app/570 ) . 
  before the major ad finem had a monthly 300eu salary , while the minimum salary of the country is 500eu/month . 
  i believe you understand what i am trying to say . 
  google translation . 
  i spoke with marios papasarantosom , dj from nafplion , a big fan of e-sports , and at the same time - the founder and co-owner of ad finem . 
  ** who invented to create this esports organization ? 
  * it was my idea , and i worked on it the last two years . 
  according to the original project in 2014 , i was planning to set up academy for dota 2 in greece , and then to find the composition of the league of legends and players in hearthstone . 
  as a result , by the end of september 2015 , i talked with the representatives of the big football club in greece on the support of our project , but they were not interested in e-sports . 
  i continued to work alone and finally found two investors from greece , which fully supported the project . 
  ** is it difficult to manage the cyber club ? 
  * now in the greek crisis , and to manage such a complex project . 
  after the summer of 2015 this dream was at stake , and we had to translate the organization to cyprus , but we will work on the project continued from greece . 
  if you do not succeed with any of his compositions , if you do not have a plurality of subscribers in social networks and do not have superstar players , of course , it 's not a very profitable business . 
  we literally started from scratch . 
  ** but now you have won half a million dollars , a lot of money . 
  what part of the winning players go ? 
  * i can not reveal all the details , but i can say that almost 100 % of the money will go to the players . 
  ** what are your next steps in the development of ad finem ? 
  * now we are negotiating with many potential sponsors . 
  in recent months , many companies that are interested in investing in e-sports , did not want to invest in an unknown greek team for dota 2 , and a couple of players in the hs . 
  now , after a year of hard work , we have a full esports organization and successful team for dota 2 . 
  the idea with specialized attributes as well developed . 
  we are open for dialogue with all who are interested in how to make our most powerful lion !, 
  now it 's time to delve into e-sports , and in the near future we plan to create a team for cs : go , lol and ow .
