  why the hell you did n't ask my man ? 
   i would love to move to crete or cyprus . 
  cyprus is more expensive tho and it 's not different than the average greek city . 
  your love can find job there if she wishes tho . 
  rhodos is great too . 
  hypotheticaly speaking obviously , since i do n't know if you want to move again . 
  ** ffs this is not a prime example . 
  ** lets put vp vs secret directly at the finals with this logic otherwise every upset will be because of the shit format . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  we wo n't put secret and vp directly at the finals to satisfy you . 
  before 6 months . 
  congrats to them . 
   they said it made group stages pointless and this is a prime example . 
  the fucking team that finished 3-0 avoided all the good teams and played with a team that went 0-3 . 
  it 's their fault they did n't win . 
  ** you ca n't name every lose of a team with a higher score than their opponent an example of how se sucks . 
  ** we would put secret and vp that went 3-0 directly at the finals if that was the case to satisfy braindeads like you . 
  the opposite happened . 
  dota etc were removed from / r/popular . 
  get rekt and do n't talk . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  do you really do n't understand a single word from what i am saying ? 
  yes it is, 
  he is from joindota . 
  he was [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbu-9jttdq8 ) too for a bit . 
  hahahaha, 
  i have one big watch too . 
  does it catch the eye that much ? 
  no it does n't . 
  whey protein causes acne because it 's made of cheese . 
  generally ... try to minimize your dairy intake . 
  i know it 's hard but maybe that 's the solution for you and it is for a lot of people . 
  replace your milk with cocunut milk or almond . 
  this is your 11th account created to flame af ? 
  damn dude ... 
  i am entering my 4th month and everything looks progressively better . 
  as the other guy said liposan or vaseline must be with you all the time . 
  other than that ... eat whatever you want . 
  since you are on accutane you need a lot of fat for your body to absurb it . 
  do n't try to avoid meat etc. 
  diet is good for the acne but not when you are on accutane . 
  dont feel bad when you break out . 
  the first month is the worst but it will pass extremely fast !!!, 
  i am 21 yo too ... what a time for acne to make its ' appearance . 
  damn ... i never noticed it . 
  probably that 's the case for me too . 
  hey dude ... i ll tell you that so you will be ready . 
  most people have a break out at some point in the first 2 months while on accutane . 
  your acne is not severe but mild , so either you can avoid it or you will not notice it at all !, 
  so do n't worry . 
  tip : i used to not shave my beard for about a month and when i did , i was shaving it at half . 
  dont do this !, 
  shave every week and clean with cold water . 
  nothing more . 
  tip2 : i am sure you know that but do n't work out more than 30 mins per day and avoid whey protein at all costs . 
  i do n't know if you take ... just saying . 
  tip3 : eat whatever you want . 
  most people suggest a lot of new diets but when you are on accutane it 's important to get a lot of fat into your body so it can absurb it . 
  of course that does n't mean that you should eat junk food everyday . 
  if you do n't want break outs avoid cheese and use only ** whole milk ** . 
  skim etc cause break outs . 
  acne.org is fucking terrible . 
  even their articles is full of misinformation and based on outdated stadies etc. 
  i remember one guy saying how he cured his acne by taking a huge amount of vitamin a & d pills and the fucking mods never deleted his post . 
  i feel for the idiots that followed this advice . 
  well . . if nothing is working ... accutane . 
  you ca n't embrace the zit life for ever unless you stop thinking about it . 
  because you ca n't compare oranges and strawberries . 
  i think the whole league esport 's structure is the worst out of the 3 major esports with cs having the best ( the qualifiers for the majors are in lan setting ) . 
  still dota and cs are very close while league is by far the worst . 
  the problems :, 
  1 ) lack of international tournaments . 
  2 ) standard money ( 25k/year ) so some teams do n't try that much or are there just to be there . 
  in dota that does n't happen at all . 
  3 ) the game is simply not that entairtaining as an esport . 
  there are not many kills , the meta is forced and every game 99 % of the times end at the same way . 
  farm - farm - farm , a big teamfight sometime in the middle lane and gg . 
  dota has way more deep strategy and way more mechanics that allow many different playstyles etc. 
   if lol is a simple game than strategy is way more important than skill . 
  then you have n't played and watched lol . 
  there is no strategy involved or to say it more simply ... the existing strategy is used by everyone because there are no options and everything is set by the developers . 
  if there is something new , they nerf it . 
  the team with the best execution wins . 
   not entirely sure if af or sg could 've had upsets in a double elims format . 
  sg would end up facing the same teams in a double elim . 
  af would face an easier team instead of newbee at the start . 
  sg would end up facing the same teams in a double elim . 
  af would face an easier team instead of newbee at the start . 
   especially the ticket sales system is pretty awful , most of them get snatched by bots right away and resold for more money . 
  this happens everywhere including lol , cs or concerts ... 
  because it has igf-1 ( insulin growth factor - 1 ) hormones . 
   igf-1 is normally regulated by your body , which has insanely complex systems of checks and balances to make sure your hormones do n't get out of whack ( and cause problems like acne ) . 
  but if you 're straight drinking the stuff , you 're throwing alien igf-1 into the mix , which screws up your hormones . 
  ( and acne is primarily a hormonal disease , despite popular belief to the contrary . ), 
  well ... everyone is different but whey protein can seriously worsen your acne very much . 
  i think if you are one of those people that skim milk causes break outs you have way more chances . 
   the studies done were small -- like , 30 patients or fewer small -- but found that many people 's skin cleared up when they cut whey protein from the diet , or conversely , acne increased when adding in whey . 
  ** even those whose acne did n't clear up with traditional meds , including isotrentinoin ( accutane ) , started to see results . 
  `` they failed to respond to traditional therapy until whey protein was discontinued , '' says baldwin . 
  ** ( if accutane doesnt work that much for you xd ),
