  valve provides the best value for their customers at the lowest price out of every other moba . 
   it appears valve is creating less value for their customers, 
  how exactly ? 
  explain to me . 
  the 7.00 update itself is enough content to beat the past 2 years of dota updates . 
  you really overestimate the importance of a treasure which in the end is purely subjective in terms of `` value '' . 
  someone would say that it fucking deserves the 2 dollars and someone will say that it is not . 
  if someone has got to the point to care that much about a treasure believe me he wo n't leave the game . 
   for ti6 , that 's $ 26 for 27 levels plus the chests , which is great value . 
  i bought them all because i got levels out of it plus there were good sets like the sven , pa , undying , sf . 
   this year , it is $ 40 for 22 levels and the sets , some of which are very awful . 
  the only good ones for me are the tinker and batrider rare treasures . 
  alright , important lesson in critical thinking everybody . 
  so ... you spend 14 $ more and get -5 levels than last year but more free sets and have more opportunities to get something rare/vary rare . 
  now ... you might say that this is money grabbing but for someone that would spend 50 $ anyway or for someone that does n't care about the 5-10 extra levels but for the sets exclusively ... it really is n't . 
  what ? 
  overwatch has blizzard 's backup which means instant popularity in korea , it 's extremely easy to get into and ** has not any other competitor other than the 10 years old tf2 ** . 
  other than that ... overwatch costs 60 dollars ... it might gain popularity in the beginning but it will fall pretty hard once some times passes . 
  people will no longer buy the game . 
  tell me where i said something wrong . 
  do you believe that dota can surpuss league in terms of playerbase ? 
  the requirements alone makes it impossible . 
   its not about dota trying to surpass lol or anything similliar with that, 
   this game is being blown out of the water playerbase wise by league of legends . 
  leauge of fucking legends . 
  the game with no fucking voice chat , which did n't have a sandbox mode till recently , and which is literally pay2win on several levels . 
  the fact that a game like that even comes close to this should be a wakeup call for valve to stop pushing shitty cosmetics and fix the amount of retarded issues this game still has . 
  this is what started the argument ... how it is not about lol surpassing dota ? 
  maybe your brain is not functional afterall . 
  if you are the only one that sees them then what 's the point of buying them ? 
  there is a difference between modding and spending euros tho . 
   make it a paid feature , they 'll earn money either way and a very small percentage of players will use so you can still flaunt your flashy shit at the plebs, 
  and it will never generate as much money . 
   make it only work in ranked games . 
  a big percentage of the playerbase only plays ranked so they still wo n't buy . 
   make it only work in fucking tournament/lobby games so at least people playing professionally do n't have to deal with this cancer . 
  that 's fair but many people buy a chest because they saw x and y player have it and they liked it . 
   make it so that you ca n't use your own cosmetics if you have them disabled , most people wo n't take that tradeoff unless they 're really tryharding . 
  the people that whine about cosmetics are generally the ones that do n't care about their own someone would argue . 
  or at least a big part of them . 
   make it some obscure fucking console command , 99.9 % of people wo n't even know it exists until they really go looking for it , 99.9 % of people who want to show off cosmetics wo n't know it exists either so it wo n't decrease sales at all . 
  well ... eventually they will since many people will start using it . 
   let us mod the out like we fucking could before , even less people will go to the lengths of doing that unless it 's really important to them . 
  rip dota economy . 
   it does n't need to . 
  valves is a company you know . 
   i think you 're overestimating people 's will to find and use console commands . 
  i am not ... it only takes a couple of tweets from 3-4 pro players to start spreading . 
   yeah cause the economy was fucked before when we had that option and is amazing now with all the garbage trade restrictions they 've been piling on everything . 
  yep , mods definitely were destroying the economy . 
  they were ... completely . 
  for every mod that was out there valve was losing money . 
  he is / u/nadoter . 
  he is either a very dedicated troll that is basically wasting his life trolling or he is serious . 
  i am not sure which one is worse . 
  alright dude ... you were saying `` we do n't know if that 's true '' for everything i say and you proceed say another imaginary bullshit . 
  get out of your house to the real world and see how companies operate . 
  i have to assume that this thread is filled with 10 yos . 
  `` hey valve ... please lose income so i can lose another reason to complain about being shitty . 
  i ve seen bat support one more time from lgd.fy at a game against ad finem in boston . 
  it was terrible . 
  in their defense ad finem picked nyx after bat so they wanted to pick another offlaner . 
  as for np ... i do n't know what the fuck they thought they will accomplish . 
  especially with this trilane at the beginning . 
  / r/learndota2, 
   where you need to buy a property valued at 250k + and receive a 5 year visa . 
  is n't it permanent ? 
  edit : it will be renewed after 5 years if the investment is maintained . 
   does this allow us to stay anywhere else in the eu or just greece ? 
  you can at schengen countries but not for more than 3 months in a row . 
   ideally i 'm looking for a place close to warm water for distance swimming , diving and i 'm just getting into kite boarding ( swimming and diving are number one and two on the list ) . 
  food is very important , ca n't get enough `` okhtopod '' when i 'm there , the food is phenomenal !, 
  would like to be close to a large town or city and an airport for ease of travel . 
  would like to be able to hop over to major cities in europe or the middle east for quick trips . 
  still have not been to rhodes and many have suggested chania which i still have n't visited . 
  any input and suggestions are appreciated . 
  thanks !, 
  rhodes and chania sounds perfect . 
  yeah ... fuck every team that leaves a tournament . 
  seriously ... 
  jugg is not a good option ... i always consider sven counter to jugg because of the armor . 
  [ once uppon a time there were female teams in dota too . 
  ] ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/dota2/natus_vincere/natus_vincere_ladies ), 
  i get what you are saying . 
  if there is sientific proof that females can not compete that well in cs/dota etc then it 's fine tho . 
  i talk about things like reflexes etc. 
  on the other hand if it 's just because `` tits '' fuck those people and their teams . 
  if you see the csgo teams , most of them care more about beauty than actual skill . 
  i am out of the loop . 
  what happened ? 
  yeah the change only affects you that 's why you are gon na lose mmr ... 
  hello , let me tell you my story.sorry for the big post . 
  i started dota 2 before 2,5 years and i calibrated at 400 mmr ( i was playing 1 game/week ) . after i found more time i decided to play more.i created a smurf account ( please dont flame me ) and i calibrated at 2,5 k mmr.at that point i started to watch pro dota . 
  i spent many hours watching madara 's replays and i tried to copy his movements.the thing is that in 2,5 k bracket you cant do what he does because there will always be 2 enemy melees denying your farm while your support doesnt pull . 
  after that , i created a new smurf ( dont flame me :( ) and i started to tryhard mid after watching many thug 's replays.i was doing pretty-pretty-pretty good.i had like 75 % winrate at high-skill bracket.i was playing ta most of the time ... i was stacking ancients , i was killing people all the time . 
  then i moved to very-high skill bracket by the time of calibration.i was really happy , but a bit afraid , so i started to play support because i noticed that my team is better than me.then my winrate fell at 65 % from 75 % ( my record was 80 % at some point ) and i calibrated at 3k mmr . 
  when i started to play rank at that bracket it was awful.i missed the very-high skill bracket of my normal games.so noone was picking support and i started to pick all the time.i fell at 2,8 k mmr and i stopped playing . 
  after that i created a new account and i am now sitting at 2,8 k mmr.the thing is that i am really bad.i feel it , that i am not how i was.i am more relaxed and i dont even try to win.i see the draft of my team and i already determine the outcome of the game.so i stop caring . 
  how can i become better ? 
  [ thats the dotabuff of the account i am playing ] ( http://www.dotabuff.com/players/322730729 ) .
