  [ sauch ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jesse-aaron/how-much-can-you-make-str_b_6926362.html ), 
  attacker has 1,7 k average viewers . 
  now put 500/month from donations if you want . 
  still , they are not enough with the uncertainty of the indrustry ( streamers come and go ) and that after the whole streaming thing ends you have basically no degree , skill or any employment background . 
   plus 100 subs is a terrible assumption . 
  i doubt that , but put 300 if you want . 
  i doubt they are more than 500 subs with 1,7 k average viewers . 
  also , attacker has streamed 1550 hours in whole 2016 . 
  that 's 4 hours per day . 
  so he has less ad revenue that that particular site suggests . 
  now i do n't know about donations , but i doubt they are so high especially when you can cancel it if it 's under 100 dollars . 
   unfortunately . 
  he did it in a way that makes him guilty of treason . 
  when you make such statements , you have to provide alternatives . 
  whistleblowers are supported by international laws . 
  he did n't release anything . 
  he gave the info and trusted journalists to release what they think is right . 
  moreover , who told you that spying on almost every citizen and government in this world is ok ? 
  you did n't spy just on hostile governments but literally on every human being in the world including me and i live thousands miles away . 
  i am not delusional , i know that you are not the only ones . 
  i am saying that human rights in general are more important than the interests of a single nation . 
  whistleblowers are protected by un laws and you are part of it . 
  well , i doubt it will have been demolished , renovated or whatever until ti7 unless they are in a hurry . 
  we have to find a new venue for ti8 tho . 
  he is saying bullshits . 
  skill does n't matter ? 
  / u/xfount you are a fucking dumbass . 
  ca n't wait to see your 8k mmr, 
  there is no macro-game ? 
  kidding me ? 
  the game is more complex than ever . 
  how is the game more noob-friendly ? 
   shrines, 
  suicides were better . 
  shrines increase the strategic element of the game and force teams to at least have a level of communication . 
  also , they are important for midlaners since there is 1 rune every 2 mins in the river . 
   5 runes every 2 minutes, 
  the bounty runes worth literally less than 1 creep the first 10 mins . 
   xp and gold increasing talents, 
  how is that noob friendly ? 
   decrease of xp needed to reach levels, 
  that 's because supports ld be literally worthless otherwise with the addition of talents . 
   buffed xp tomes, 
  all in all , you are ... what ? 
  in reborn things were worse and then we had a record breaking playercount . 
  gtfo . 
  no i dont ? 
  you ca n't even read statistics ... go back to school and stop wasting your time on the internet . 
  yeah ... you were 3k max . 
   you did n't notice one of the biggest item buffs and you are calling me 2k ? 
  i noticed but its not even a big buff . 
  exp from two creeps per 10 mins . 
  seriously , go back to school and learn some maths . 
  holy shit . 
  moreove , i just saw your reddit profile . 
  lol ... you are spending your days bitching about 7 . 
  call here ... it 's free . 
  they will help you . 
   i have n't seen a girl dota pro player yet because i think dota 2 is a hard game . 
   lets give credit to newbee for having the guts to let her play and especially such an important role , the initiator . 
  this is actually the definition of sexism . 
  she did n't tell her to go back to the kitchen but overall the cast was pretty bad . 
  copy from another comment below :, 
   it 's like casting a match with the first african america dota player , and screaming ` hide y0 watermelons !, 
  give this guy some fried chicken ! ', 
  all game . 
  or making jewish jokes about fly all game . 
  racial/sexist/sexual jokes can be funny , in the right setting , i 'm not sure a dota cast is the time or place . 
  sumail was being picked for his amazing plays or story , not for his gender you dumbass . 
  yeah ... you ignored the second part and you focused on the wrong part of the first sentence . 
  we are not arguing if more males play dota than females but weather males have an advantage over the females that are already playing the game . 
  so , yeah ... what he said was sexist . 
  real sports are male-centric because there are not mixed due to physical differences that have nothing to do with dota . 
  moreover , put your sjw bullshits aside . 
  if you were in a room with 9 women and the director was refeering to you as `` boy '' and calling the 9 women with their names , it 'd be rude and sexist by definition and i 'd still say that . 
  austrian studying and living in greece here . 
  i joined a game and the first thing i saw was a greek calling a turkish guy `` malaka '' and saying `` give back constantinople you worthless kebap '' . 
  he was joking but i realized that my games will be like that from now on . 
  it will be fun . 
  i am here right now so i know . 
  i am living here for 10 years , so it 's half of my life . 
  my parents used to come for holidays pretty often and one day they decided to stay . 
  they left back to austria because of the crisis but i am still here , so i consider myself both greek and austrian . 
  the country is treating me like it is treating you right now , not very well . 
  shit ... i thought elves were the coolest guys . 
  greeks and romanians speak english for sure . 
  for turkey it depends on which part of turkey they grew up . 
  i do n't know about serbians . 
  from what i understand from my 10 years here , the hate is only between nationalistic scums . 
  there are tentions every 10 years or so between the nations tho . 
  generally , the normal people have no problem . 
  they travel at each others country etc and they have accepted that they share history . 
  it was veeeery difficult at the beginning . 
  i was 10-11 years old back then and i was going to a greek school and on top of that i was doing 2 hours greek outside of school everyday . 
  it was not an easy time for me . 
  i hated it actually . 
  what is the most difficult thing about greek except the whole new alphabet is the vocabulary . 
  for some reason people thing that english is the richest ( in terms of words ) language in the world but let me tell you that greek is insanely bigger and if i recall correctly it 's the biggest language according to guiness ( not a credible source i know ) by far . 
  even 10 years later i still can not understand many words or i am confusing them with something else . 
  do n't get me wrong , a person can understand that i am foreign only if i am drunk or stoned because otherwise i have the correct accent and i look like a greek ( i have a beard , have dark hair and brown eyes etc ) but sometimes i pretend that i understand or i am trying to figure out the meaning of a particular word based on the context .
