  it 's obvious that you are a troll . 
  you have to start deleting your post history if you want anyone to take you seriously . 
  also , your baits are too obvious . 
  even in the 3 big esports ( csgo , dota , lol ) noone would give that much money . 
  blizzard is offering stability with the franchise system and a part of the profits if i understand correctly . 
  the problem is that right now overwatch has extremely low viewership compared to other titles so noone knows if the profits will be high enough . 
  that 's my understanding of the situation . 
  go to / r/globaloffensive and ask ... 
  from banning team youporn , allowing match-fixers to play at their leagues , changing rules so only the most popular teams will attend their event to lobbying against teams . 
  for example [ faze ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/globaloffensive/comments/42nd62/faze_players_threatened_with_an_esl_league_ban/ ) . 
  yeah ... dota had 5 million on the chinese stream too . 
  noone trust the chinese numbers ... not even chinese . 
  one more . 
  i skip it too ... but ... the rest !, 
  you are dumb . 
  it hurts to say that ... but mouz need to do some kind of change . 
  these drafts suck and they look like they do n't know what to do . 
  i do n't know ... all that steady slow improvement for this massive downfall . 
  ( t_t ), 
   if they sell the immortal treasures separately , maybe , but without it it , i really doubt they are going to hit last year 's numbers . 
  people do n't even understand that valve can manipulate the prizepool with their releases like they did last year with that `` save 60 % pack '' . 
  the prizepool is really hard to get below the last years level . 
  you can check you know ... 
   i do n't like being treated like shit like you . 
  damn ... you should really play other games except dota . 
  then you will trully appreciate how valve is treating you . 
  yeah sure ... you play a free game the whole year , you spend some money if you want for hell of content and you are complaining . 
  you do n't mind playing overhyped games that end in 1,5 hours and cost 60 euros but you are complaining about valve . 
  you should also play some lol and hots to see how the companies in the same genre are treating their playerbase . 
  basically , you are either a troll or you have n't played a single game apart from dota in your entire life . 
  / r/learndota2 post there ... 
  paps ... mouz are losing and you are trying to cheer yourself up by creating memes ? 
  you are not paps . 
  where he wo n't get any decent answer as you can see ... 
   if i 'm not i 'll tryhard till i reach the top !, 
  i ' d play dota until i die because i , sure as hell , can not reach 9k . 
  does his story really changes when the sun goes down ? 
  yeah ... let 's not exaggerate . 
  who told you that you need 20k to register a company ? 
  also , 1 year is a lie too . 
   but there would be more money asked for ` helping things move along . ', 
  he was probably saying that for the operation of the company and not the cost of the registration . 
  lmao !, 
  you can actually register the company for a few hundred euros . 
  imagine if all those startups that are failing had wasted 20k euros for the registration ... 
  i am not talking about the taxes ... i am talking about the registration that costs a few hundred euros . 
  as for the rest it is true that if you want to avoid some extra taxes from the increase of share capital that you will probably need to do , you need to have a decent principal and not 1 euro . 
  they have disappointed me lately to the point that i believe some kind of roster change 'd be necessairy but i am glad they are not disbanding . 
  well , they can fix their shit . 
  the skill is there anyway . 
  well ... 
  us is the only country in the west that has this high costs . 
  even in greece , which is under heavy financial crisis , the cost would be zero or very little . 
  even if you are unemployed you could find a way to pay nothing . 
  probably you do n't know her because you do n't play dota , but it 's not like that . 
  she was always invited in every top tournaments . 
  it 's not like she needs donation money . 
  6x6x2 and it 's spreading slowly ... it 's treatable and thankfuly he is from netherlands so she wo n't pay a penny . 
  she will most likely lose her hair tho . 
  tell that to my dad who almost died of cancer and he survived because of quemo ... 
  you ca n't be that retarded ... 
  it 's not the best by any chance . 
  because the scene is stacked unless you want to pick a sea team . 
  dota is literally way more deep than all those games . 
  even arma . 
  also , by your reaction it is obvious that you are a fucking kid . 
  just because you play arma and stellaris that does n't make you an adult . 
  so ... i ll say `` 1k more '' to myself for one last time and hope for the best . 
   women receive less money for the same work . 
  if that was true , employers would only hire women . 
  the truth is that women take way more days off and have lower productivity for 7 years after they make a child . 
  seriously ? 
  you do n't encounter any of these problems ? 
  did you even watch the film ? 
  mouz are locked . 
  i will tell you a secret . 
  0-2k is not worth the waiting . 
  on my first account i calibrated at 400 mmr and climbed till 1k . 
  then i was certain that i was better than that . 
  i made a second account and calibrated at 2k . 
  after i was certain that i was better than that i made a new account and calibrated at 3k . 
  i was 2,7k-3 ,3 k for a long time until i broke up with my gf two weeks ago . 
  i climbed from 2,8 k to 3,5 k mmr in 2 weeks . 
  [ this is the 3,5 k ] ( https://www.dotabuff.com/players/290401090 ) account and [ this ] ( https://www.dotabuff.com/players/162205835 ) is the 400 mmr account . 
  i was just confident and started to tryhard . 
  when i was playing ta mid , i would go get the rune and stack the ancient camp . 
  when i was playing support i would double pull or stack and double pull and i would make sure that i would n't get the xp of my carry etc. 
  there were so many little things like that that i knew they were wrong because i was watching pro dota but never had the urge to fix them . 
  well ... i did . 
  and i climbed like crazy . 
  ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy, 
  eh ... yeah ... uam were so interesting . 
  / s they were just a limitation because icefrog did n't know how to balance certain heroes . 
  they can aggro every 3 secs . 
  you can reaggro after 3 seconds and not immidiately basically . 
  i really believe that madara , mnt and skylark are tier 1 material . 
  skylark has improved very much and generally there are not many offlaners in the scene . 
  the problem is their strategies . 
  actually , sometimes it feels like there is no strategy at all and they are just waiting for the opponent to come at them and catch them off guard . 
  well , even before the major their strategies were working .
