  examples of players that could n't keep up with the development of the rest are many ... trixi , xboct etc. . . 
  i went to glastonbury festival for arctic monkeys before 3 years . 
  my girlfriend literally threw up because of the smell and a friend of mine decided to leave at the middle of the concert . 
  people there were dirty af . 
  well , the place does n't smell ... the people do . 
  they are bored to wait in line to take a shower , so they dont shower at all for days . 
  what atomizer do you suggest . 
  should i buy the whole package with the melo ? 
  thats actually a pretty nice mod but unfortunately it has n't come in greece yet . 
  what atomizer do you suggest for the pico ? 
  i know about fasttech but i think there are different regulations about custom office 's fees when you buy from a 3rd country ( outside of eu ) . 
  i have to look up the limit so i wont pay 50euros more . 
  prices in greece is freaking high unfortunately . 
  the pico set costs 65 euros here while 35 dollars in us so it would be nice to start buying from abroad . 
  i have to look at the fees . 
  as for what i like i am not sure yet . 
  i want prebuild coils for sure as i am novice . 
  my current ecig is an aio but i have the feeling that it does n't give enough in terms of flavor . 
  i quit smoking about a month ago so i guess i still need the feel it gives . 
  i still smoke eliquids with tabaco base ( i smoke an eliquid with tabaco , cofee , biscuit and vanilla right now ) for example but i ve already dropped at 3mg . 
  you gave much help and you saved me a lot of money as well by making me search the limit which is 150 euros so i am gucci , 
  pretty sure i lasted less the first time . 
  at the 100th time i pretended to have an orgasm and at the 101th time i released everything at the 3rd minute . 
  sex is weird . 
  what is wrong with me ? 
  in greece they are quite popular and especially the last album sky rocketed their popularity . 
  i hear them all the time in bars and in the radio . 
  even my aunt that is 55 years old has fwn and wps . 
  i still remember how happy she was when i sent her the video from the glastonbury concert . 
  i wish they will come here ... 
  not if you sacrifice school , college and 10-15 years of your life . 
  it also depends on where you live . 
  lets say that someone makes 60k/year for 10 years from league . 
  let 's say that when retires he has 300k left . 
  what is he gon na do ? 
  he has no experience , he is 28 years old and he has no degree . 
  he can open a store or something or work at an underpaid job . 
  its the other way arround ... dota esports are way more enjoyable even for league players . 
  thats why there are more money . 
  rip logic . 
  i do n't even play lol . 
  to understand how idiot you are :, 
  let 's say that you have real , barcelona , bayern and chelsea at group a and 4 teams of the village near my city at group b. 
  two of each group can proceed ... now do you get it ? 
  do you get how it 's not fair and that your statement is idiotic ? 
  yeah ... the guy above is right ... you are retarded . 
  who cares ... they suck for the last few months . 
  no ... you are idiot . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's just an observation, 
  eh ... every tournament is following this region based format so thats why you have n't see anything from these teams . 
  basically the argument of op applies to every big tournament . 
  madara is so lonely that does n't play solo ranked anymore . 
  he plays with a stack against 4ks at international ranked . 
  she has nothing to do with dota the rest of the year . 
  i think she is on a morning show on tv and on the radio . 
  what do you mean ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  lol, 
  he is literally doing his job . 
  he was a pro dota player and now he is an analyst for the past 4 years . 
  he is at the international right now working for valve . 
  he used to own a lol team too in the past . 
  all his twitter followers are dota funs tho ... noone cares about league . 
  you guys are 12 years old max . 
  maelk is not lol 's manager and he is working for valve right now at the international . 
  he is doing it for many years but you guys are braindead obviously . 
  your iq is below 0 . 
  thx god i am no longer part of this idiot community . 
  he is not lol 's manager ... he is esport 's manager . 
  moreover , he gets paid from valve probably more than s04 pay him . 
  he analyzes a game that he loves and has played as professional . 
  i would do the same . 
  i really love ad finem but i truly believe that madara deserves a tier 1 team . 
  i do n't know if i want him to leave tho ... 
  i remember him saying in his stream that they will stay together until ti for sure . 
  ti is gone but they are bootcamping , so i doubt that he will leave . 
  if rtz invites him for example ( they are close the last couple of months ) to a team tho , i doubt he will stay . 
  madara will be og 's carry . 
  ad finem are bootcamping right now for wca quals . 
  if they dont qualify i smell changes . 
  kaipi is the same tier 3 team ... feelsbadman . 
  in my opinion madara deserves to be in a tier 1 team but anyway . 
  i understand that he is playing with spartan for the past 2 + years and he cant leave him ^ ^ ^ kappapride . 
  of course there is a possibility that noone needs him tho . 
  good luck madara , thug. , skylark , ssaspartan and maybenexttime . 
  i think that was the plan from the very beginning . 
  they literally started bootcamping one day after the ti finals . 
  he has his moments ... this patch didnt favor him too . 
  his best heroes are qop and puck and they were n't popular . 
  1 ) will you join a team ? 
  2 ) list your favorite players for each position ( 1-5 ), 
  leave before the lights come on , the bakery , fake tales , riot van , secret door , only one who knows , the jewelers hand , the view from the afternoon ... should i keep going ? 
  edit : bigger boys and stolen sweethearts for fucks sake ... !!!, 
  please !!, 
  why would anyone buy your 1k mmr account ? 
  even if this was true your argument is still retarded . 
  black hole . 
  maybe i got the blackhole . 
   since im from macedonia,
