   they can spy on me all they want to . 
  not going to affect my everyday life . 
   we are powerless against these people . 
  like there is nothing we can do . 
   you are a powerless peasant compared to the likes of cia , nsa , and the rest of the elites just like the majority of us in the states . 
  damn ... man . 
  that 's so disappointing . 
   only hope i have is that trump who is also an elite is on our side and has the balls to confront those slimy bastards . 
  i give up . 
  do n't abandon your games . 
  you will not be able to play for some days . 
  with that logic secret should have a turkish flag . 
  that 's what the mousesports stats ' guy said he is doing . 
   ** so what does your role with ad finem entail ? 
   i think a point that i would like to emphasise is that every analyst takes a different view on what should be done . 
  i very much consider my role for ad finem as more of a scouting role . 
  i do n't look at all to analyse my team , or tell them what they did wrong . 
  it 's too negative a way of looking at it and all of the ad finem boys will pore over every single small detail of their own game . 
  i look for patterns within opponent 's play . 
  i find patterns with regards to their warding , smoke ganks , drafting and general facts . 
  i only tend to delve in facts ; i do n't like to give suggestions . 
  you will never find me saying `` i think they will pick this and you should counter it with this . '' i can make that suggestion but i do n't think it 's worth doing . 
  the team knows what they want to do , and if i can tell them that there 's a good chance that the opponent is going to pick x hero in the first drafting phase and y hero in the second phase they can then use that information however they wish . 
  the automated side of things has been developed by a good friend of mine , matthew chadwick . 
  he has a phd in particle physics and previously worked on the large hadron collider in switzerland . 
  he 's now helping me do dota statistics and analysis . 
  how about that for a career change ? 
  the work he 's done is invaluable and i would n't be able to do it without his help . 
   ** what do you produce and give to the team in terms of tangible work ? 
  how long does it take you on a match-by-match basis ? 
   the ad finem boys have been incredible since i entered the fray . 
  they 're incredibly welcoming with my work and they will tell me when something 's terrible , and they 'll ask me for other things . 
  for any match , be it best-of-one or best-of-three , i prepare a document which is probably 14 pages on average . 
  at boston i would sit down with the team and spartan would tell me what information he wanted , and i would remove aspects for his information pack . 
  as a leader you can only take on so much information but i always prepare everything as different players take different things . 
  our offlaner , skylark , may want to know if they lane ward and when they tend to rotate . 
  i will also tell him the likelihood that they will push his tower should he retreat to jungle . 
  thug , our mid laner , does n't care about that information but he will care about the timings their supports tend to rotate and which angles they prefer . 
  each aspect of the document is relevant to different players . 
  each report tends to take me three hours if i am uninterrupted . 
  literally noone says that csgo is the favorite kid . 
  i think because the queue times in low-population servers like dubai were terrible . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  that 's ... terrible . 
  your friend is not your friend and your dad is an asshole . 
  i mean ... voicemail ? 
  get a lawyer for your mom and let your dad realize what a mistake he has made . 
  even if their relationship lasts 5 years there is no way a 30yo woman will stay with a 50 yo man ( or whatever ) that easily . 
  [ alex turner - stuck on the puzzle ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zoiciugaisg ) from the submarine movie . 
  [ arctic monkeys - shes thunderstorms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q7izomhfnm4 ) for a more happy feeling . 
  i think that 's because pros do n't stream that often compared to other games . 
  you do n't know mousesports ? 
  former ad finem and london conspiracy . 
  you should beocme a fan now . 
   thunderbirds qualified through the na invite on the grounds of being a team based in the us and mousesports is a german organisation . 
  thunderbirds did n't qualify . 
  they were a direct invite . 
  also , if your logic about mousesport is ok , then secret should have a turkish flag . 
  hey ... one guy that lasted 3 seconds his first time here . 
  in my defense i was only 16 . 
  i did n't use lube tho . 
  probably because the girl even if she was virgin like me could take 4 of me fingers until we were ready for the intercourse . 
  / u/audreyhenn do n't have expectations . 
  after a while you can do it again anyway . 
  generally , we , men , are kind of a gamble even after years of experience . 
  sometimes we end really fast and sometimes we ca n't finish . 
  damn , i am not even old ( 21 ) but i have already faked two orgasms . 
  because we are horny . 
  now there are other guys that can not finish at all during their first time because of anxiety . 
  it 's a tricky situation . 
  generally , you will understand that if you meet with your boyfriend for 1 night and you do sex 3-4 times , the duration will be increasing each time . 
  pretty sure they are based in turkey . 
  they even have a house there . 
   i said they qualified for the na invite on the grounds of being based in the us . 
  whereas if they were n't based in the us they would have been an eu invite since the majority of them is from europe . 
  they were invited based on their perfomance and not because they are from us . 
  nothing to do with the na invite . 
   team secret is n't a turkish organisation like mousesports is a german one . 
  their team house is just located in turkey . 
  and they pay taxes there just like mousesports in germany . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  sure man . 
  yeah ... pull more things out of your ass and then downvote me again . 
  envy said that the house was paied with money from the pandatv contract . 
  sorry brah ... there is noone that you can beat notail . 
  ig outdrafting mousesports twice ... feelsbadman, 
  they needed catch for weaver . 
  generally that last pick weaver ruined their lineup . 
  well , i am talking about the outdrafts , not about the gameplay . 
  generally , spartan is a pretty solid drafter . 
  q was amazing these series . 
  that 's not always the case ... better team are just able to win even if they get outdrafted . 
  liquid and secret ( when ee was drafting ) did n't have the best drafters . 
  i think most guys are just happy for the girl to be a willing participant . 
  getting a woman to orgasm takes effort , especially at a young age when girls have n't figured it out themselves . 
  while guys have been doing it since they were 12 without fail . 
  you are wrong . 
  * will i get an erection or i wo n't because i will be anxious ? 
  will i finish too fast ? 
  will i be able to put the condom without losing my erection ?
