  i skimp to go to a doctor tho and it 's not that big of a deal . 
  you ca n't fix it by yourself ... but you can make it really difficult for someone to notice it . 
  there are exercises on the internet that help if you want look them up but gym helps too on its own . 
  it also depends on your condition . 
  mine is on the right part of the chest only . 
  not in the middle . 
  was it a problem for your health or you just fixed it because it was n't nice ? 
  every doctor i ve visited said that since it does n't cause any problems and it 's not severe i should n't fix it with surgery . 
  you ca n't fix it ... but you can make it so someone have to look at you really hard to notice it . 
  i just put more effort on chest exercise . 
  you ca n't fix it ... but you can make it so someone have to look at you really hard to notice it . 
  1/300 t_t, 
  my body is way more tight right now than before but i have n't notice any muscle gain . 
  that 's what i want . 
  ofc it 's more expensive ... you have to pay for surgery . 
  for me it is n't life threatening . 
  for some it might be tho . 
  i lift 30 % more than i used to on almost every exercise . 
  recently my impovement is unchanged tho . 
  i want drama . 
  tbh secret looked pretty good at the major despite the upset . 
  i doubt pld would leave for np . 
   ou ca n't use such a rare case, 
  rare case ? 
  false accusations made by females on rape are about 2 % -10 % ( depends on the study ) . 
  do you even understand ? 
  basically , at the cypriot [ eez ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exclusive_economic_zone ) there is a big amount of gas . 
  greece , cyprus and egypt have agreed to help cyprus and in return they get early access on the gas ( or whatever ... i am not sure ) . 
  turkey is against this shit , says that a part of the eez belongs to turkey and is threatening with war if the drilling starts ( this summer ) . 
  the tricky part is that the companies that will do the drilling are from france and italy so cyprus has even more help . 
  nah ... it 's true sight date , therefore compendium . 
  you will make the announcement today . 
  do you have any idea what they do to rapists in prison ? 
  they rape them ... and not only once or twice . 
  and not only one . 
   ou talk about team diversity , what about a woman casting a game with a crowd for the first time ? 
  and ti is the next big tournament , nothing would show more diversity than that . 
  while i agree that annie is great , that does n't mean that she should cast because she is woman but because she is very good at her job and she deserves it . 
  ffs ... if i was annie or any other female caster i would be agry at your comment . 
   i 'm with you up to this . 
  do n't have any pretenses about speaking for them . 
  that 's why i said `` if i was '' . 
  i did n't speak for them . 
   also imo dota will never get more female casters unless female casters cast . 
  so while in the grand scheme of things casters should get chosen because of their skill alone , we must also look at the current reality ( a single top tier female caster ) and ask whether tournaments are doing enough . 
  it 's not their `` job '' , but they could certainly be helping in this regard by at least giving her and potentially more female casters more casting slots . 
  i ca n't see why it 's necessairy for the scene to have more female casters . 
  if they want , they can try and if they are good , they will get hired . 
  i do n't see why organizers should push that `` look ... girls play , watch and work for dota too '' thing . 
  we know that already . 
  3k calories are not that much . 
  i get 1k from the protein shake and the milk that i drink alone . 
  some people need 5k calories to take a gram . 
  not everything is black and white . 
  my metabolism is fucked up . 
  i need 2350 calories per day to maintain my weight but this is bullshit and takes into account the average human . 
  what interview ? 
  it 's not about the habitability anymore but about the energy resources . 
  obviously , you ca n't make a `` city '' that big for so many billion people to live but energy resources in earth will be over so some humans will have to move . 
   social sciences, 
  what ? 
  no you do n't understand . 
  what he is saying has nothing to do with social science . 
  energy resources are running out and he is saying that if we want to move a big percentage of the human population to another planet , we have 100 years left to do that . 
  after that the resources are simply not enough unless we find a new way of producing energy . 
  i mean ... there is a big possibility that we will never be able to find a habitable planet that we can go . 
  technology is far away from that . 
  you ca n't just stay here hoping that it will happen soon enough . 
  as for the energy , at least right now , it 's very unrealistic to give up fuel , nuclear etc. 
  gtfo, 
  deleted ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 0.6513 [ ^ ^ ^ what ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ this ? 
  the only thing that this proves is that the average overwatch player , in reality , does n't give a shit about competitive gameplay and that their main sub is shit . 
   yes , it 's no where near lcs numbers, 
  it 's no where near hearthstone ... 
  the difference is that dota and cs had already competitive scenes from the previous titles . 
  your analogy is false . 
  dota 2 is a better version of dota and csgo too . 
  ffs ... is it that hard to understand that you are wrong ? 
  the same pros that were playing cs started csgo and the same pros that were playing dota started dota 2 . 
  the players that moved from dota to dota 2 and cs to csgo were already experienced and knew how the game works and had already seen a couple of tournaments . 
  do n't you see the difference between those games and overwatch ? 
  i lost you ... we are talking about esport scenes and not playerbase in general . 
   but overwatch will have had an idea for that , too . 
  i do n't think they designed a new game without knowing who 's gon na play it . 
  yes they did . 
  some tf players would play it and blizzard fanboys for sure . 
  i do n't get your point tho . 
   just because you name your game `` whatever 2 '' does not mean you get all the `` whatever '' players for free and it also does n't mean the players from other games wo n't start playing your game . 
  yes that 's true ... but what 's your point ? 
  * saved *, 
  they are cheap , but it 's still something and requires id . 
  also , i am not sure if the guy was boosting his acc . 
  i had a 20-1 streak too recently . 
  in the end , this is a problem in every game . 
  not much you can do . 
  source ? 
  let me guess ... your ass . 
  sakura swim club 's creator will be happy today . 
  monkey king ulti is not nearly as big of a problem as it was . 
   certain maps,
