  it was really bad before 1-2 weeks but now for some reason it works perfect for me . 
   maybe i went low priority a million times, 
  i ve never been to lp and i play a lot of techies . 
  judging this post your attitude is the problem . 
  whatever . 
  they stop after the first 1-2 games . 
  i am a simple man . 
  there is no difference between a mechanical keyboard and a standard keyboard . 
  the only thing that changes is the `` feel '' which does n't give you an advantage and of course that you can wake up your neighbors . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  my old microsoft keyboard which is about 10 yo has a working spacebar . 
  my current [ cheap ] ( http://www.x7.cn/en/product.asp?id=10 ) keyboard has a working spacebar after 5 years of daily use . 
  if you buy mechanical keyboards for the spacebar then i am sorry to tell you that you are wasting your money . 
  that 's my guess too . 
  from what i know ad finem also has a house in athens . 
  how can they use it ? 
  yep they should fit the `` organization '' somewhere . 
  what an idiotic and ignorant statement to make . 
   depression is not an illness, 
  said literally noone . 
  yep ... we got transfered to / r/popular that noone browses . 
  it 's a reddit issue . 
  these subreddits do n't hit the frontpage anymore if you have not subscribed . 
  they go to / r/popular that noone browses . 
  til, 
  til, 
   merkel might not be particularly liked by the right, 
  a right-wing politician is not liked by the right ? 
  she was not liked on that particular decision . 
  overall , she is pretty popular on the right . 
  you should n't spread your idiotic opinions . 
  you casualy forget about ww1 , cyprus , imia , the f-16 incident and the daily violations of greek airspace . 
  generally , you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  about the breasts ... are you sure you do n't have pectum excavatum ? 
  i am a male and i have it . 
  usually it develops when you enter adolescence . 
  yeah but we do n't get 211mb updates on maintenance . 
   lot 's of historians actually use this particular one, 
  source ? 
  / u/astrallici, 
  i will make a nice [ greek summer coffee ] ( http://www.sintagoulis.gr/images/960/00151127.jpg ) and watch my boy giannis at 3am . 
  mouz ? 
  because i want to play with my friends . 
  the sign on the door is in german . 
  mooz announcement is coming . 
  me too . 
  either we are very lucky or these guys are exaggerating . 
  maybe they are toxic themselves . 
  it says `` i love you !, 
  your overlord , angela merkel . '', 
  kidding , i ca n't read either . 
  someone pointed it out at the comments . 
  and i am tired of these posts . 
  seriously , if you dont enjoy a game , dont play it !, 
  people did n't become worse suddenly . 
  that 's how the game always was and it can not be fixed . 
  i mean ... what consequences ? 
  and what if the guy did n't deserve the reports and he got reported just because he was not that good ? 
   only in dota2 related forums you 'll see the notion that `` this is ok , if you feel bad , dota is not for you '' . 
  nop this is everywhere . 
  go to the lol , ow , cs subreddit and you will see . 
  whatever we say the 15yo kid wo n't become nicer . 
  that 's the reality . 
  and how would you do that ? 
  but how you can fix it ? 
  that 's what i am asking . 
  til every pvp game is dead . 
  csgo is not a free game tho which means that someone can not make as many accounts as he wants and it 's much easier to monitor players . 
  and that can not happen . 
  you need many employees to something like that . 
  worthwhile investment ? 
  it really is n't . 
  also , dota and generally online games were and will be like that forever . 
  your game wo n't die because of toxicity . 
  dota 1 was even worse . 
  go play lol , cs or whatever and it 's exactly the same . 
  stop with this bullshit . 
   i 've been playing this game since 2005 , in no way was dota 1 worse . 
  there is no way you play since 2005 if you say that . 
   toxicity is becoming an issue in the past year or two, 
  seriously , i dont get it . 
  toxicity was and will always be an issue . 
  in dota 1 it was way worse . 
  how did toxicity increased so suddenly ? 
  how can you fix it ? 
  how can you stop an asshole from being an asshole ? 
  i mean the first time is fine , but then people from / r/all start downvoting . 
  my name artour babaev . 
  sorry bad englandsky . 
  i grow up in small farm to have make potatos . 
  father say `` arthour , potato harvest is bad . 
  need you to have play professional doto2 in amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka . '', 
  i bring honor to komrade and babushka . 
  my name artour babaev . 
  sorry bad englandsky . 
  i grow up in small farm to have make potatos . 
  father say `` arthour , potato harvest is bad . 
  need you to have play professional doto2 in amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka . '', 
  i bring honor to komrade and babushka . 
  my name artour babaev .
