  3k hours ... ti5 and ti7 compendium owner . 
  so , 29 euros . 
  you ... you ca n't be that retarded ... you are actually ridiculous . 
  exactly ... vp is most likely the average dota team when it comes to attitude . 
  at kiev and boston everytime spartan was hyped up he was saying * wayyyyy * worse things than what vp were saying at this true sight . 
  my guess is that most teams are like that ... 
  i bet you know valve because your dad is working there ? 
  hi dad ... gib 350 lvl compendium to take puck arcana . 
  thx . 
   well new players coming to this game is a rare and uncommon thing, 
  with 13 million active players per month excluding the chinese scene ? 
  stopped reading there . 
   came from heroes after playing 6k plus games , and that experience ** has taught me a ton about the, 
  fundamentals of mobas . 
  hahahahahahahahahahahaha ... sorry i ca n't even take you seriously . 
   2 days account, 
  dota is an assfaggots ( aeon of strife styled fortress assault game going on two sides ) you pleb . 
  the house market is dead for the past 7 years . 
  i hate to say it but you can find everything at way lower prices especially if you activelly negotiate the price . 
  the intergalaxian ( ? ), 
  thing is missing . 
  perfect excuse for / u/leafeator to start the bot scripts . 
  i do n't understand how they even got the invite . 
  i do n't understand how they even got the invite . 
  i do n't understand how they even got the invite . 
  you are right i guess ... it 's not their fault . 
  this is going on for at least 1-2 weeks . 
  well ... i am happy to help . 
  vp for example was complaining that there was not any qualifier . 
  the invite came out at 24th of march . 
  vp , tb ( dc back then ) and many chinese and sea teams had way better results than np . 
  yeah but boston was like the start of the season . 
  there was not many tournaments etc before that . 
  navi got invited because there were only 2 tournaments between manila major and the ti quals and one of them was the freaking cruise ship disaster . 
  also , there were not many tournaments between kiev and boston too . 
  if valve invites only 6 teams again it will be top 4 kiev + epi winner + someone more but i doubt it will be the winner of this starladder . 
  skylark is literally the best player of the team the past 2 months . 
  he has health issues according to mouz 's twitter . 
  yesterday 's vega game and today 's vp vs liquid were not live . 
  after they came live for the mouz vs vp game they said `` finally we are live ... this is not a rebroadcast from now and on '' . 
  also , synderen is standing in and he is talking on twitter about it so it 's live . 
  barbarians were called people that were n't speaking greek in the ancient world . 
  epicenter ? 
  he was always like that . 
  that would lose within 1 month if us really wanted to ? 
  the classic first item mkb void . 
  / r/learndota2 will give you the best answers . 
  i am sorry to tell you but comparing the ww1 and ww2 with a war today is completely false . 
  first of all , there is noone like nazi germany ( that strong and imperialistic at the same time ) . 
  people have moved away from that not only in europe and us but everywhere . 
  moreover , it 's simply not worth it . 
  economically speaking there are not many countries that can sustain a war right now , let alone a war in a global scale . 
  capitalism and the way it developed after the bretton woods system ended any ambitions for that amount of domestic growth , so quickly . 
  i mean ... chobra and redeye were like that too . 
  i doubt valve is looking at who deserves it in terms of `` who has been around '' . 
  / r/learndota2 for more serious answers but ... 
  as others have mentioned it 's very good that you have the ability to notice that you are bad . 
  that 's very rare for most players until way later . 
  a ) ** last hit goal . 
  ** a high skill player ( 4k + mmr ) will have about 60-70 last hits when he plays mid/carry and the timer hits 10 minutes . 
  you should want to hit 50 last hits . 
  that 's what i did when i was at your position . 
  i noticed that my last hits were something like 30 because i was fooling around missing last hits . 
  b ) ** talk to your supports . 
  ** when a support is constantly near you taking all your xp and does n't pull at all it means that he does n't play a good support . 
  tell him to pull or gank midlane . 
  if he is constantly near you accomplishing nothing then he needs to leave . 
  c ) ** when you play support stack and pull and gank mid . 
  ** when you are stacking the small camp and pulling you are effectively gaining gold by killing neutrals , taking xp from denying your creeps and the neutrals while letting your carry get all the xp and gold from the enemy creeps . 
  d ) ** watch pro games/high skill pubs from the perpective of the hero you want via the watch tab **, 
  [ if you ignore the fact that he fed at the laning face he is was decent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqcuhansdok ), 
  he was pretty bad at the few teams he played after fnatic tho . 
  losing your midlane match ups every game has nothing to do with n0tail and fly . 
  i remember him at nlg ( madara , xcalibur , mitch , milan , spartan at the time ) and he was extremely bad . 
  he was basically forcing spartan to babys ~ ~ h ~ ~ it him at midlane hoping that madara can find good farm . 
  yes ... can you ? 
   `` the killing of a sacred deer '' is lanthimos with the gloves off , and it makes the absurd , amazing ** `` the lobster '' seem like a warm and cuddly experience by comparison . 
  i am hyped . 
  hype, 
  good . 
  how are thunderbirds ti1 ? 
  they got last at kiev and np did n't even qualify ... rofl !, 
  it 's been posted 1000 times already . 
  do n't listen to / u/t2suave . 
  if you really break up with him just because his mother is a bitch then you do n't love him as much as you think you do . 
  if i had a mother like this one i would n't bother fixing her anyway or i would n't bother with my so 's mother . 
  who cares ... i know it hurts a bit but he loves you . 
  by forcing her mother to like her ? 
  my girlfriend 's mother do n't like me either ... well thanks god i do n't have to act like everything is fine at a family diner with someone i do n't like . 
  that would be ... awkward and not enjoyable at all . 
  even if she gets hurt that 's not a reason to break up with someone . 
  imagine if they get married and have to deal with real hard shit . 
  they are tho ... and it happens a lot mroe often than you think . 
  of course not even close to the woman number but it happens a lot . 
  you do n't hear it very often because men are way less likely to talk about it and even fi they do they do n't portait it as rape because for a big part of society a man can not be raped and even if he can ... `` come on bruh ... you just sticked your dick in her hole . 
  how bad could it be ? 
  what ? 
  they never dropped out of dreamleague . 
  do you have any dotabuff games to check ? 
  i ve never seen a hacker for a very long time .
