  its really popular here and that 's why i decided to start with it . 
  i will check all the other flavors from these guys . 
  noone of my friends vape ... vaping is not really popular here . 
  my brother vapes tho and i will try the 12 . 
  the coil that comes with aio . 
  i put in water with soap for 1 min . 
  now i changed coil and i still got burnt puffs . 
  shit . 
  i changed it and i still get burnt puffs . 
  what am i doing wrong here ? 
  yeah i put 5 drops of liquid in it . 
  anyway , i will wait an hour and if it is ruined i ll go and buy new coils . 
  son of a bitch . 
  never listen to people that say that the prizepool will be lower while the playerbase is still growing or it is stable . 
  valve can literally release one new set with a fucking nice courier anytime and gain 800k-1m from it . 
  to get a flair you press `` edit '' next to your name on the right , under the number of subscribed users . 
  for memes press [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/4an9xd/a_trip_down_memery_lane_now_with_links_2nd_edition/ ) it is 3 months old so some memes are missing . 
  check your inventory . 
  400 mmr and now i am 3,5 k, 
  i was like you but last year i bought the compendium . 
  i did it to support the game and for fun . 
  this is a free game that i ve spend 2 thousand hours and i felt like i should give 50 euros for it . 
  this year i ca n't afford to spend a penny on the game tho , so i dont . 
  do we have any reasons to believe that battlecup will come tonight ? 
  that 's very nice !, 
  i wonder how much time people spend to create these custom games . 
  so you have to give a fuck . 
  this is your chance . 
   free to play, 
  lol, 
   10 times the graphics dota have, 
  lol, 
   amazing game . 
  its amazing , thats why its dying faster than your sexual life , only a few years after its release . 
  and ? 
  are you on period ? 
  that means that we expect a big update soon . 
  battlecup + legion quest etc. 
  about the hero mmr , there is an explanation : it was the most retarded idea . 
  guys , can we forget this very bad feature ? 
  it ld never be accurate . 
  they changed to `` rating '' and that 's it . 
  are you sure you like your flavor ? 
  they are marketable, 
  they are marketable, 
  yes they are, 
  dota 1 and dota 2 ... because i love strategy and complexity !, 
  it 's your fault , noone robbed you . 
  oh god ... you are retarded . 
  battlecup and lc quest will come soon . 
  the battlepass will expire at the end of august . 
  it 's your fault again for not reading . 
  gtfo, 
  you dont know shit you and / u/adelaideee . 
  it 's not a scum ... it 's a fucking way to support a free game that you played for thousands of hours . 
  i do n't buy shit all year but i will spend 50 euros every summer for the compendium for my favorite game to keep exist . 
  if you ca n't spend 80 euros do n't buy it you idiot . 
  learn to read what you get and think . 
  lol you are completely retarded . 
  how can the immortals cost a damn when everyone have them ? 
  blame your brain , not valve . 
  i am not sure you understand how a corporation works these days . 
  too much dota , less time to learn business economics101 i guess . 
  so you are wrong . 
  we already know that they will be boosts from thw lc quest and immortal 3 . 
  probably valve will add another treasure too . 
  this analogy is idiotic the least . 
  it 's a free game ... 
  they will make a new account . 
  thanks m8 for the giveaway, 
  i live in greece and now i am at my parents ' house at a small town of 20.000 residents . 
  thx tho !!!, 
  in greece ... gg :p, 
  yeah i am in a small town right now with only one place that sell juice . 
  it closed for the weekend ( it 's saturday 5pm here ) like everything else . 
  i am pretty sure i will be able to vape my own piss when this ml is over xd, 
  i will try to sleep much and vape only 1 puff every hour . 
  i hope it is enough, 
  is this possible ? 
  what 's the point without nicotine tho ? 
  there is not such big gus stations over here . 
  in greece we have `` periptera '' ( google it ) and i asked all 5 but they dont have . 
  i might drive to another town to ask there . 
  stay strong too !!, 
  apart from multiple browsers cs is a shooting and dota is a moba . 
  this answers your question . 
  i do n't play csgo but i watch the majors for fun because it 's easy to understand . 
  people that dont play dota ca n't do the same like i ca n't watch smite . 
  dota has 2x average players per day than csgo . 
  37c here in greece . 
  i am burning alive . 
  depends on the previous game . 
  if i won 1 if not , i random . 
  i would personally trade economies anytime . 
  we have better juice in europe by the way xd, 
  i am not sure if you are noob , troll or idiot . 
  even tier 3 teams are better than tier 1 teams of ti2-3 simply because dota developed and players became better . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  is dota the same as 3 years ago ? 
  players are way more diverse and better .
