  sorry bad englandsky . 
  i grow up in small farm to have make potatos . 
  father say `` arthour , potato harvest is bad . 
  need you to have play professional doto2 in amerikanski for make money for head-scarf for babushka . '', 
  i bring honor to komrade and babushka . 
  he has n't win a ti but he is a rockstar for sure . 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
   lol, 
   dota, 
   copy, 
  the irony . 
  because you are a casual peasant . 
  take that !, 
  well ... it has been to the front page for 7 hours after that post . 
  dude you have spent more time in your life bitching about arteezy than doing sex . 
  that 's a nice way to demonstrate my point . 
  that you are a kid . 
  relax . 
  i am 21 . 
  i am not a kid but whatever . 
  well , tbh og fans are way worse . 
  in general , dota fans are not so obsessed with teams and players for several reasons . 
  rtz is just a meme . 
  well , you have n't seen much then . 
  anyway . 
  rofl ... league sub is a shithole . 
  they seem better because the mods literally delete most of things that go against riot . 
  i remember when valve introduced the reborn update lol players had massive complains . 
  mods literally were deleting 5 posts/hour that were reaching the front page . 
  eventually they let 1-2 but there was a massive debate in / r/leagueofmeta that was deleted afterwards too . 
  new account , bought 4 tickets for the semi-finals and 3 tickets for the finals , does n't mention the price because apparently it will be higher ... hmmm . 
  you fucking scalper . 
  / u/lddota where the hell is yames ? 
  cs needs the assman . 
  he took part in cs events ? 
  which one ? 
  i am new in the scene ... i ve only seen him in dota events . 
  most european subreddits are default by location . 
  / r/greece for example is default . 
  rofl ... there is no way they will realese compendium at june/july . 
  that means that the price pool will be 10 million or even less . 
  they will release it after the kiev major for sure . 
  get out of here dude . 
  you are better than that . 
  let them continue the circlejerk . 
  dreamleague when ? 
  yeah i agree with that . 
  was it 100 % full because the stadium was not full in the major if i remember correctly . 
  try in 12 hours again ... otherwise either you have to pay a fucking scalper or sell your midweek ticket to someone . 
  everytime this year i wish i had money to come . 
  i wanted to go at kiev but i could n't buy tickets . 
  i hope you guys have a great time !, 
   the interview was more about how the 2 big greek teams never helped papagiannis . 
  that 's not true . 
  when he was 13 olympiakos did n't want to pay the transportation and that 's fine since he was only 13 . 
  panathinaikos helped him a lot , he was n't playing that much and to be fair that 's understandable . 
  he was playing in the greek league but there was no time for him in euroleague . 
  he could n't compete there . 
  yours . 
  yeah ... the ones that came before 70 years . 
  that does n't have to do with the economical crisis . 
  3 am again over here . 
  fuck the timezones !, 
  lets go bucks !, 
  lets go giannis !, 
  too late man . 
  as for tsm while it 's true that regi followed them and all , i doubt that they want to set up bootcamps etc in europe anyway . 
  i think 00 is like the eyes of a mouse meaning mousesports . 
  well , penta sports bought the ad finem organization to take care of their dota team . 
  also , ssaspartan 's team also includes the dota manager they had in ad finem , the coach and the analyst . 
  that means that you have a whole experienced dota team ready . 
  mousesports or any other team must just provide bootcamp and the money . 
  and who the hell are you to tell what we want as veterans ? 
  i liked the changes . 
  gtfo if you do n't like the game . 
  pretty sure his girlfriend was given a big share of the ownership this summer as a payment for her work all the previous year . 
  edit : she said that she is no longer part of dc as well . 
  well , the major is in eu and eu is stronger in general . 
  for boston major most teams bootcamped in na . 
   this seems by far the most likely . 
  it does n't . 
  this guy, 
  i do n't see where the sexism is in all that . 
  visit rethymno and chania . 
  avoid heraklion if you can . 
  it 's the biggest city but the ugliest as well . 
   plays lol, 
   listens to a bunch of bands but nothing from arctic monkeys, 
  no thx . 
  i ca n't think a well-respected euro for 2 position . 
  do you mean cancel-style players ? 
  yeah and every time np plays vs eg what will happen ? 
   germans buying greeks . 
  * overlord merkel approves . 
  first of all , they will sign ex - ad finem and not dc . 
  secondly , mousesports recently gave nikko for 500k sweet euros . 
  also , they have a very good cs team . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  relevancy does n't really matter but sponsors and infrastructure .
