  * the day after you stole my heart, 
  everything i touched told me it would be better shared with you , with you *, 
  the stopwatch measures the duration of the relationship . 
  the rain drop descends from the clouds , or in this case the heavens . 
  which signifies how great the relationship starts with , but it will eventually descend upon the ground . 
  it also could mean that time goes by so fast like how a raindrop comes and goes , and he wants more time with this female . 
  to gain more time , he flipped the hour glass over . 
  i do n't follow competitive overwatch because i think it 's unwatchable atm , but how are you guys so confident that the bidding will be so high ? 
  i ca n't see any way that a potential bidder can take his money back from such an investment not only in overwatch but in the big 3 esports ( cs , dota , league ) either . 
  i doubt that these guys are idiots . 
  yeah that does n't mean that they waste money like that . 
  they expect some kind of return . 
  yeah ... they are going to spend 15 million for a game with so low viewership and not guaranteed future ? 
  with the same money you can buy the best teams in dota , csgo and league altogether and pay their salaries for the 2-3 years that all 3 games are guaranteed to stay at the top . 
  also , long-time investments are not a thing in esports unless if we are talking about org infrastructure . 
  overwatch will die at some point as it happens to all games . 
  i do n't see how they are going to get back 15 million + all the salaries they are going to pay throught the lifetime of owl . 
  games have very short lifespan for anyone to take such a risk . 
  also , even rich people do n't see 15 million as pocket change . 
  they certaintly expect a return of some kind . 
  it does n't say anything about how much they paid and if they paid . 
  upvoted because i want to see if it is legit . 
   one of the talents , who are u ? 
  u are not even verified ( or have any special flair ), 
  to be fair ruhub guys do n't have a flair . 
  as for the rest i agree . 
  for supports and roamers cm , riki , monkey king ( as roamer ) and treant are very popular in pubs . 
  as for carries ... tb , jugger , lycan , lifestealer are very popular too . 
  for midlaners ... ta and lina are the most picked with puck , qop and sf being close . 
  invoker is very good too . 
  finally for offlaners lc is getting ridiculously picked !, 
  do n't mind your picks seriously ... every hero looks great apart from gyro ( t_t ) . 
  monkey king is balanced now by the way . 
  use tortelini 's guides for the first few days and play 2-3 normals before you jump into ranked . 
  ** at the shop there is a section where you can see what players 5k + buy . 
  ** that will be useful . 
  can you stop posting this bullshit ? 
  if the facts are true then pgl is n't doing a good job behind the cameras for real . 
   sometimes, 
  most of the time actually . 
  that 's not the point . 
  if pgl is doing a bad job behind the cameras then it needs to be adressed . 
  by sucking pgl 's dick you do n't accomplish anything either . 
  it did n't change . 
  bring back my drama you filthy mods !, 
  well ... liquipedia also says that mouz play at 11th ... i has n't changed . 
  i checked it 2 days ago and it was the same . 
  if the american goverment indeed gave funds to exxon and exxon treated them poorly , then the complains are valid . 
  you have to wait for pgl 's response instead of completely dismissing the importance of the message . 
  they vouched for the legitimacy of the claims with the sense that `` it represents us '' . 
  ruhub might not had any complains ... now we know they do and that the facts are right according to them . 
  so the fact that they vouched matters . 
  i do n't know ... i remember checking multiple times . 
  maybe the changed it and then changed it again . 
  well ... it has so many extra things that i do n't mind actually . 
  so , if all they have complains they should n't say anything just because they work for ruhub ? 
  what kind of logic is this ? 
  instead of making your mind from now you should wait for pgl 's response . 
  you mean alliance ? 
  to be fair there is way more content nowadays . 
  yeah ... moisture and time will make the scars look better but until then ask your dermatologist . 
  for me , my acne started when i quit smoking which is pretty ironic . 
  of course , it was a coincidence but still . 
  click on each lyric . 
  i think it 's intentional . 
  what region does it select to you ? 
  hmmm ... i am from greece and it puts my on eu east that i have more ping that eu west . 
  the distance from the servers matter for valve . 
  but yeah ... 
  if you are from south africa it 's not intentional . 
   they 're aiming to do 2 major patches per year . 
  that 's not possible when you have 2 majors + ti . 
  no ... soon . 
  one now , one after ti , and one after the next major . 
  three major patches per year . 
  yeah ... we did n't get a major patch between majors ... 
  the man himself ... tyler the great . 
  now tell us ... did you meet icefrog ? 
  name checks out . 
  the game is better than ever . 
  stop, 
  i do n't really understand . 
  can someone translate it a bit better ? 
   indeed , the letter itself looks really strange . 
  the english post on reddit appeared at the same time with the russian version of the blog on the cybersports.ru website, 
  as for this v1lat already said that they wrote the letter . 
  yeah , probably . 
  we started again this shit ? 
  at times ti6 was slowing faster than ti5, 
  it doesnt fucking matter . 
  ** what matters is the content that valve will release and how it will boost the pricepool . 
  every fucking year the same shit . 
  the same happened at times with ti6 compendium . 
  it does n't matter . 
  what matters is the content that valve will release and how it will boost the prizepool . 
  the collector 's caches , the campaign , the io arcana/immortal , the ii & iii treasures , some kind of deal like last years that boosted the prizepool about 2.000.000 etc. . . who knows what more they will release . 
  generally , they can completely control the prize poll . 
  if they see that they are not doing good they just release on treasure . 
  no wonder i have tagged you as `` 1k hots player '' . 
  i wo n't fall to your bait m8 .
