  will she like it ? 
  etc * . 
  girls especially at the beginning just open their legs and let everything else to you . 
  also , just because we cum it does n't mean that the sex was good and we felt good . 
  many times you just cum without feeling much at all ... 
  the first time i * tried * to have sex i did n't get an erection because i was drunk and terrified . 
  when i did have sex i finished within 5 seconds . 
  can you imagine how i felt ? 
  you cant . 
  of course , i am not trying to say that the first time for a girl is easy or anything like that . 
  just do n't think that the guy is feeling amazing just because you decided that you want to fuck him and take his virginity . 
   it was not outdraft, 
  seriously ? 
  they didnt have an answer to legion and riki at the first game and at the second weaver completely countered their whole line up and foced them to take bat into venge + lc . 
  there was no way to kill him . 
  how is the dota pro scene dying ? 
  it 's bigger and better than ever . 
  also , your opinions about casters are subjective . 
  i like all of them . 
  also , panels are way better in dota than csgo in my opinion . 
  in the end , your post is full of ** your ** opinions which is fine but that does n't mean that everyone shares them . 
   reduced acne, 
  why the fuck do people still believe this myth ? 
  masturbation also causes blindness i guess ... right ? 
  there is no scientific study that proves a link between masturbation and acne . 
  stop spreading misinformation !, 
  there is no scientific study that proves a link between masturbation and acne . 
  you can just use google and ask your dermatologist and not trust idiots that want to share their populist bullshits . 
  holy fuck ... my heart . 
   nope, 
  literally braindead ... 3-0 teams play 0-3 etc. 
   you are assuming the teams are tryhardin to their fullest in groups , but there is no incentive to do so, 
  yeah dude ... nobody has a problem to play with ig and does n't give a shit if he ends up with 0-3 . 
  whatever you say . 
  dude ... go play pacman and leave dota . 
  noone wants to play with vp or ig . 
  stop trolling or if you are trully that idiot gg . 
  feelsbadman, 
  madara played really bad today . 
  i hope that he will bounce back tomorrow and show us the 9k skills . 
  skylark on the otherhand played very well . 
   it 's statistically pretty close to condoms , given perfect use for both . 
  it is n't . 
  condoms have 98 % -99 % effectiveness if used right ( which is pretty simple ) while with pull out there is always the chance that you are pregnant because of that little sperm that comes out before we cum . 
  also , with condoms it 's pretty easy to see that something went wrong and go buy a pill , while with the pull out method you ca n't really know . 
  2 % is a huge difference if you think about the number of times you do sex per year . 
   first , it is not as effective as many other birth control options available . 
  the pull out method will result in 4 pregnant women for every 100 who use it through the course of a year . 
  compare this to the birth control pill , which brings this number down to 1 in 100 . 
  and that 's only to speak of people who use the pull out method with absolutely perfect technique . 
  ** when used with imperfect technique , 27 out of every 100 women who use withdrawal will become pregnant . 
   you sure are getting personally worked-up about consenting adults ' contraceptive choices !, 
  every adult can do what he wants . 
  op asked another thing tho . 
  if her sister is wrong , which turns out that she is . 
  you on the other hand can not understand that this particular method is very unreliable and even if it is used perfectly there are way better choices ( condoms you know ? ) . 
  so , you came here , decided to spread misinformation and when someones tells you that you are wrong you answer with some passive aggressive comments . 
  maybe you are the one who needs to get out of the internet , get some air and relax . 
  do we play in 1 hour ? 
  shit i do n't know if i can stay asleep . 
  rofl i was not even a subscriber for some reason . 
  even then he overextended too many times . 
  i am talking for the rest of day too tho . 
  he did n't play well . 
  snell will do 4/4 in the third !, 
  heard it here first !, 
  everytime we do doubleteam i know for sure that we will get a 3pointer . 
  change her, 
  that 's good . 
  let the cavs send him to the line 24/7 . 
  would a kiss be too much to ask ? 
  when you fit me ... as sunday 's frozen pitch fits the thermos flask ... 
  is it that hard to understand why ? 
  source 1 was developed at 2004 . 
  they had time to fix the bugs . 
  accutane has break outs even at the last months for some people . 
  you did not good that stopped it . 
  cystic acne is very difficult to be cure with any other products . 
  that 's the thing ... it makes you break out and then everything disappears . 
  also , accutane can not cause your cystic acne . 
  to put it simply `` it makes everything come to the surface and it wipes them off '' . 
  again , accutane does n't cause acne or scars or cystic acne . 
  scarring for acne occurs over time . 
  so most likely you had scars already and the active acne and redness were covering it up . 
  end your treatment with accutane and then seek another option for scarring . 
  i am confident that your dermatologist said the same thing . 
  if not being at majors is not his decision then i believe he lost the position firstly because reddit was flaming him for a very long time and secondly because of that mafia video . 
  i doubt your employers would be happy after watching such a thing . 
  mouz vs ~ ~ vgj ~ ~ newbee was probably the best game until now . 
  ~ ~ vgj ~ ~ newbee came back from a 25k deficit . 
  oh shit ... i was talking about newbee . 
  it 's true that he will be roasted at school if the other kids notice that he wears make up . 
  also , you have to be very careful about the makeup you use . 
  it might make the problem even worse . 
  cut the dairy products for a week and see if you notice any improvements . 
  replace cow milk with something else ( cocunut , almont or whatever ) and cheese too . 
  for a huge percentage of people with acne dairy makes the problem far worse . 
  of course , you can not cut every product that affects acne but trying to cut dairy is very helpful . 
  tbh if you show up and your skin is 60 % better than it was the last day , there is a big chance that a few kids will notice it . 
  now , i am not very observant so i doubt i 'd notice but some people are .
