  that was an exaggeration . 
  even if they do , 8 of those hours are just sitting there and watching other games/eaiting/doing nothing . 
  this is a 3 times per year thing ffs . 
  secondly , i ve worked 11 hours without overtime in way worse job than casting and i was in special forces until last year . 
  now ... you completely missed the point of what i was trying to say . 
  did you see a dermatologist ? 
  if nothing is working isotretinoin is your last chance . 
  you did n't do the math . 
  a bo3 it 's 1,5-2 ,5 hours work including breaks . 
  they worked 8 hours and 2 hours of that was breaks . 
   and ok dude i 'm sorry you worked a shitty job for shitty pay , many of us have , but that does n't magically make any job that is n't quite as bad an easy job that no one can ever complain about . 
  this is their livelihood , obviously they have reason to care about the conditions they 're asked to work in . 
  you missed the point again . 
  of course , they should ask for more and of course there are way more shitty jobs than mine too . 
  that does n't mean that wanting to cast 2-4 hours per day for a single day/3 times per year is a fair thing to demand . 
  they are getting paid good money as v1lat says at least for that particular reason i assume . 
  you ca n't avoid the dermatologist . 
  if you need isotretinoin he is the only one that can help you . 
  cutting dairy might help a lot tho . 
  cut it for 1-2 weeks and see if you have any improvements . 
  accutane does n't cause cystic acne or scars . 
  it brings to the surface what already exists . 
  scarring for acne occurs over time . 
  so most likely she had scars already and the active acne and redness were covering it up . 
  well ... you know the answer then . 
  i am not skeptical . 
  i just do n't see how someone can completely cut dairy and meat . 
  it 's impossible for me and i would n't sacrifice it . 
  i have completely minimized dairy but meat ? 
  come on guys ... it really is n't worth it . 
  also , it 's important to notice that the studies about the dairy thing vary a lot . 
  again ... those `` break outs '' does not appear from nowher . 
  it means that whatever was inside came to the surface . 
  she would have break outs anyway or the acne would n't go away . 
  i am on isotretinoin too and i know how it is . 
  the biggest problem of the lady is that she did n't finish her treatment . 
  if acne comes back then she will need to start again from the scratch . 
  cystic acne is nothing more than trapped bacteria inside your pores . 
  it 's not a complex desease . 
  if you have acne , it can literaly transform to cystic acne within 1 day . 
  it 's really a matter of luck . 
  isotreitone does n't trap bacteria inside your poors . 
  it let them out . 
  advice : do n't look at your good games but at your bad games . 
  i am on isotretinoin too but not on accutane . 
  it 's called acnotren . 
  my dermatologist adviced me some good liposans , acnaid gel for late at night and emollient twice a day . 
  he should do the same for you ... advice you . 
  why didnt he ? 
  i live in greece , so the pills and the gel are made here . 
  you ca n't find them in us . 
  ask your dermatologist . 
  do n't worry tho ... everything will be fine . 
  the 4th month is coming and i ve already seen huge improvement . 
  tbh , acquiring ex ad finem is the best decision that an org can make . 
  they are willing to stay together and work instead of disbanding after every big event . 
  that 's the biggest problem of the dota scene . 
  like ? 
  dark horse maybe ? 
  black sheep means unwelcomed . 
  how can i be so smart , handsome and amazing dota player at the same time ? 
  have a nice day man !, 
  pretty embarassing opening . 
  we are back baby, 
  fuck the haters . 
  i was expecting that . 
   winter, 
  noone argued that meat and dairy ( probably ... because studies vary a lot atm ) are not affecting your acne . 
   let 's say you buy meat from a supermarket . 
  beef . 
  the animal ( s ) that were raised for the beef you bought live these terrible lives bc they are essentially living to be eaten . 
  there is considerable evidence of poor treatment of livestock . 
  they were n't given the proper diet ( they were fed grains instead of grass ) either . 
  so besides this animal having a terrible fucking life , the meat is also packaged in these disgusting meat factories . 
  the meat and dairy ( at least in many countries but not in us ) are not full of hormones because of how these animals are raised but because that 's how it has always been . 
  keep , in mind that both of these products are in the best quality they have ever been . 
  yeah , it 's true that their diet could be better but that would eliminate the mass production and thus , it would affect the poor populations ( less production = higher prices = more dead children in africa ) . 
   and with dairy , idk why but people think it 's no big deal to drink another animals milk when it 's only meant for that animal 's babies . 
  just like human milk being for human babies . 
  food for thought . 
  the same logic could pretty much be applied to almost everything we eat . 
  that 's not how evolution works tho . 
  for thousands of years humans could n't eat dairy . 
  there was a genetic change at some point that allowed that to happen and as everything with evolution , there was a reason . 
  milk can compensate for the lack of sunlight and synthesis of vitamin d in skin at more northern latitudes , since vitamin d is required for calcium absorption and milk provides a good dietary source of both nutrients . 
  milk also provides a calorie - and protein-rich food source , comes in a relatively constant supply compared to the boom-and-bust of seasonal crops , and would have been less contaminated than water supplies . 
  you ca n't just make an argument about something that has been so vital for the human evolution for almost 7,500 just because `` it does n't make sense '' . 
  saint giannis plz save us . 
  holy fucking shit, 
  fuck them fuck them fuck them fuck them, 
  * deer tearsssssssssssss *, 
  i could n't understand pretty visitors even after the 10th time . 
  probably because i am not native english speaker . 
  obviously , i had the general idea but nothing specific . 
  genius.com was my redemption . 
  it 's the true `` area 51 '' . 
  it was in greece ... not us . 
  it was a distraction !, 
  btw , since you are working online why did you choose athens and not thessaloniki , crete etc ? 
   athens was n't what i expected,
