  dude ... you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  stop gambling at games you do n't know . 
  depends . . i 'd say level 50 is easily reachable, 
  lvl2225 is meant to cost a fortune my friend . 
   gon na wait until ti has ended and if there is anything i like from chest 2 or 3 then i 'll buy them on the marketplace . 
  not gon na support mediocre hats . 
  did you buy it ? 
  right click and activate i think . 
  i do n't remember . 
  every year the same shit ... 
   the lack of ti mmr and inability to sell items is going to hurt it . 
  the opposite ... 
  even if you play all day it 's hard to reach 150 without paying extra money . 
  gtfo you peasant . 
   idk dota2 2012/2013 was so amazing and it just feels like the game as definitely not improoved . . somehow it feels like its gotten slightly worse, 
  because you play for years . 
  i can assure you that the game is way better than 2012/13 . 
  you just got bored . 
  yeah ... that 's bullshit . 
  everyone gets bored . 
  yeah ... you can reach level 100 quite easily . 
  after that if you really want the map you can pay some extra bucks if you want . 
  yep ... only rare and ultra rare are marketable immidiately . 
  ** learn to fucking read before you buy anything . 
  end of august/early september . 
  yes ... 
  noone said that you should reach 1000 . 
  for 10-150 dollars the deal is pretty good . 
  after that there is not much extra value . 
  this year is better than the previous year , but still . 
  3 majors + ti and many non valve tournaments in between, 
  players usually take 90 % -100 % of the prize money ( depends on the contract ) plus salary . 
  csgo with more prize money i 'd say . 
  there are some more differences but this is the main concept . 
  because people do n't buy the battle pass and wait to buy the immortals . 
  where are the malakes ? 
  they will go to china for the starladder invitational and they are at dreamleague quals too but i would really love to see them at epicenter . 
  in 2 weeks . 
  no way . 
  no way dude ... 
   just before ti everyone was expecting a patch and we , well did n't get one !, 
  we did ??? 
  we have 3 months until ti ... ofc they will be a patch . 
  you casually forget manilla in between . 
  we had 6.87 and 6.88 from shanghai to ti . 
  people have the patience to wait until september and they do n't buy the compendium . 
  they do n't have the patience to wait until the next september tho . 
  dota always has its ' ups and downs . 
  the number is as low as september 2015 atm . 
  yeah, 
  phantom assasin , sven and jugger are easy to play and fun carries . 
  if you want something extremely easy then wraithking . 
  watch a gameplay video first . 
   i 've been seeing a lot of articles and talk of how dota is unsustainable and just in a very weird spot right now as well . 
  depends on what you mean . 
  dota is sustainable but you need to find a good lineup which is not easy . 
  dota is player focused and not org focused like lol for example . 
  the prize money are so big that a cut of 10 % for example turns players away . 
  that 's why players build their own orgs . 
  evil geniuses , og , np , alliance , secret are all player owned orgs to avoid losing money on contracts with big cuts . 
  you can probably make it to 100 if you play everyday . 
  after that tho you need to pay a few bucks . 
  sg vs secret , sg vs eg , vp vs og . 
  in this case he is not joking . 
  i saw the next game from cr1t 's stream . 
  what other have said already . 
  spartan left puppey and kotl alone at the bot lane because puppey was flaming him at the previous game , puppey went 0-8 and started flaming the whole team . 
  even cr1t said that he needs to shut the fuck up . 
  they won the game tho . 
  attention !, 
  attention !, 
  changing engine and updating the game constantly may cause decrease in fps . 
  who knew ... 
  you are completely ignorant or completely ignorant . 
  why the fuck would valve fuck the game for you ? 
  go back to lol . 
  they fixed that . 
   please tell me how the fundamental graphics of the game have changed ? 
  go watch a video from 2013 and 2014 . 
  smaug the retard strikes again . 
  ignore him . 
   the game should be running flawless with specs that do n't even meet the requirements just because the game is 5 years old . 
  let 's ignore the fact that the game is always evolving and got a new engine 1,5-2 years ago . 
  fly , notail , w33 and misery ? 
  also , arteezy himself said a couple months before that he is not even sure if he took the money that secret owned him and he does n't even care anymore , which clearly shows what 's going on with secret . 
  without particles there is no much versatility . 
  damn ... the first 2-3 years every sven and jugger set felt exactly the same . 
  well ... that 's your opinion but i would n't buy [ this ] ( https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/thumb/f/fb/swordmaster_of_the_vigil_set_preview_1.jpg/768px-swordmaster_of_the_vigil_set_preview_1.jpg?version=642934731f6bbc7acba0ee97a349d294 ) . 
  i ve bought many sets like this 3-4 years ago , but i would n't right now . 
  turns out russians are good . 
  for some weird reason there will always be someone on my team that first picks cm . 
   the greeks are afraid of going to this lan because a poor result from this tournament might be a reason for valve not to direct invite them to ti7 . 
  there was/is no chance for mouz to get a direct invite anyway unless if they qualify and get first place at the summit . 
  your speculation is bullshit . 
  you seem to know him pretty well ... 
  i really like the :, 
  * it 's a pity , it just hit me , we ca n't go back, 
  to the chest touching on the back *, 
  from the same song . 
  the whole crying lighting but since others have mentioned it ...
