  give me a source . 
  [ he was trying to teach mnt how to eat quasadilla ] ( https://twitter.com/shannon_mar1e/status/807075870397657088 ), 
  spartan was in special forces and he is literally from sparta . 
  lol ... 
  feelsbadman, 
   they catch teams off guard with early aggression . 
  this does n't work on the bulk of the tier 1 teams . 
  newbee , dc anyone ? 
  yeah ... dc only was 2-0ing everyone in the major and newbee got second in marstv which was one of the few international tournaments before the major . 
   group stage means nothing, 
  say that to wings . 
  you are just salty for no reason . 
  you do n't need to demonstrate how braindead you are on the internet ... just saying . 
  you know that a team is big when a random troll made an account just to flame them . 
  i think they outdrafted most teams and especially dc . 
  og tho ... they had a very good plan . 
   just tell me if icefrog is really leaving or not . 
  yeah ... he decided to revive his twitter account because he is leaving . 
  you missed one of the [ greatest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w5owalqobgu ) games ever that ended a 3-4 hours ago . 
  yeah ... me too . 
  i understand that sponsors were important especially when the team didnt have any winnings , but now i hope that it will change . 
   it 's the lack of coach, 
  they had a coach . 
  he was their old teamm8 at london conspiracy named [ conman ] ( https://twitter.com/conmandota2 ) . 
  his name was skanks and s224j back then . 
  i dont know why the pannel did n't know it . 
  i believe that the playstyle of og was just perfect to counter ad finem . . i do n't know tho . 
  it just felt like that . 
  i am not an expert . 
  just play custom games . 
   he 's filthy rich, 
  you do n't know that . 
  i mean he must very comfortable like everyone that works for valve , but rich is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  in valve salaries vary a lot and are determined by the rest of the employees . 
  yeah i guess you are right , but that might have been true when he gave the rights . 
  after that he is just a valve employee and he is treated like one . 
  that is my guess . 
  have you ever played lol ? 
  eh ... these comments are so retarded . 
  hold alt . 
  i played a bot game . 
  i do n't know because bots might be retarded , but he is definitely invis when he is in a middle of a `` forest '' . 
  his vision is huge too . 
  yeah or timber ... but still ... if it gets last picked you are fucked . 
  he ca n't ... his damage skill has big cooldown and he does n't have good regeneration or healing/lifesteal spell . 
  sniper ... ? 
  wukong was a dota 1 boss , ready to become a hero , but the community did n't accomplish the quest . 
  yeah ... with 30/1/3 / 5/7min camp respawns . 
  monkey king seems op to me . 
  the tree thing has really low cooldown . 
  the hero is extremely fun tho . 
  get ready to fight with your teamm8s for who 's gon na play it . 
  i played a bot much . 
  i do n't really know . 
  the bots could not see me tho . 
  yeah ... timber is the ultimate counter . 
  to be fair , dota is even more complex now , so you might hear it even more . 
  new patch that completely changes the game . 
  have you ever played lol ? 
  yes , but the update hits the main client tomorrow . 
  it 's more difficult but more fun than hots . 
  til ... leveling attributes was fun . 
  yes, 
  these comments ... holy fuck . 
  the old was the most terrible hud ever . 
  it took so much space for nothing . 
  for some reason it 's way better ... at least in the test client . 
  you load into the game extremely fast . 
   wtf even is a dota, 
  dota is love , dota is life . 
   but because of valve 's greed, 
  yeah ... dota is the only game that it is completely free . 
  so much greed . 
   they cared more about milking tournaments than updating the actual game . 
  as much i like playing hots because it is relaxing , there is no game in this genre that can catch dota 's features . 
  the work that valve has done is amazing . 
  probably you have n't played for over a year . 
   we 're getting fucking wukong in dota , are n't we ? 
  wukong was a boss at dota 1 and was ready to be ported as a hero but the community did n't accomplish the quest . 
  it 's far older idea than any of your mobas . 
   is pit lord even in the game yet ? 
  yes ... arc warden too . 
   overall i think the main problem is that dota games often last ** 50 minutes on average . 
  the average game is about 35 mins . 
  so , in conclusion , have you ever played dota ? 
  the fps is a bit lower but for some reason everything runs better . 
  you load into the game in literally 2 seconds . 
   i want no part of this gayness . 
  we gay now ? 
  i knew that this was icefrog 's goal since the beginning . 
  damn son ... 
  you do n't seem to . 
  you also did n't reply to anything i wrote . 
  you missed the respawn increased cooldown . 
  yeah thats true . 
  yeah thats true ... they might change the spectator ui . 
  so you prefer the old hud that was hidding half the screen instead of pressing alt ? 
  minimap size in options or dota_hud_minimap_size 0-3, 
   nitpicky assholes, 
  your whole post is straight up bullshit .
