  i know because of this https://twitter.com/jandominicus/following, 
  the game is literally like that since the beginning . 
  yeah sure ... suddenly people got worse . 
  the only difference is that reddit started the circlejerk . 
   vibrator, 
  hello ? 
  the 1-20 levels xp was increased the previous patch i believe . 
  yeah ... only 5 guys made the the new journey update . 
  only 5 guys are fixing and updating shit every next day . 
  damn man ... you must be right . 
  there are games developed by hundres of people that have way more problems . 
  i do n't know what the fuck are you guys talking about . 
  yeah ... you could see on what i replied before making a comment . 
  very few people were using it and probably that 's why they stopped caring . 
  i think that guilds in particular were there for a couple of years . 
   the truth is , you are completely clueless , ** you ca n't name a single game that has worse developers than dota 2 simply because there is n't one . 
  have you ever played another game in your whole life ? 
   the game already went down -20 % last year and probably even way more this year . 
  good for you i guess . 
  thanks for destroying dota . 
  dude , i do n't care that much . 
  i do n't play that much either because i am bored of it . 
  that does n't mean that valve is doing a bad job . 
   i 'm barely playing dota 2 right now and instead i 'm playing loads of different games and i got surprised by how much better all of these games are running . 
  what games ? 
  tell me one . 
   if valve was doing a good job , dota 2 would be similar if not higher than league of legends in size and growth . 
  right now , lol is destroying dota completely despite all their problems . 
  lol is destroying dota for other reasons . 
  easier gameplay , extremely low-end focus , marketing and because it came out 3 years earlier . 
  for fucks sake ... they do n't even have replays yet and their client sucks . 
  dude please . 
  stop playing dota and gtfo if you hate it that much . 
  you are clearly stupid , your arguments are bullshit and misinformed , and everyone makes fun of you and then you delete your comments . 
  no they did n't . 
  rofl ... i remember an interview with the former greek fm that was working for valve and he said that employees were taking decisions on the process of hiring and firing . 
   according to valve 's glassdoor reviews , hiring people is quite a weird and outdated process at valve , so it 's probably very difficult for them to get qualified people . 
  are you bullshitting again ? 
  holy fucking shit man . 
  valve 's employees are deciding if they hire and who they will hire . 
  also , the salary can be that big that it 's not very difficult at all to get qualified people and that 's what they have . 
   russ : and let 's start by talking about the hiring process . 
  obviously they are very careful about who they hire . 
  do you know anything about how they go about that , what the process is ? 
   varoufakis : yes , i did participate in a few hirings . 
  they are very careful to be faithful to their principles of not allowing themselves to fall prey to the lure of hiring . 
  so , the way it works is very simple . 
  let 's say you and i have a chat in the corridor or the conference room and the result of this chat is that we converge to the view that we need an additional software engineer or animator or artist or hardware person . 
  or several of them . 
  what we can do is we can send an email to the rest of our colleagues at valve inviting them to join us , forming a subcommittee that actually looks for these people . 
  without seeking anyone 's permission in the hierarchies , because there is no hierarchy . 
  and then we form spontaneously the search committee . 
  and we interview people , first by skype ; then we bring them , if they pass that test , to the company for a sort of face-to-face , personalized interview . 
  and anyone who wants to participate does participate . 
  and then during that day -- usually a day-long event -- emails are fired all over the place with views whether this person should be hired or not , until some consensus is reached where there is effectively no one vetoing the hiring of that person . 
  / u/smaugthegreat you fucking retard . 
  do n't delete your posts everytime someone shows that you are full of bullshit . 
  are you ten years old ? 
  what are you afraid of ? 
  i could , but you will delete your post because you are a pussy . 
  nah you are just a retard . 
  when you will start having a discussion instead of deleting your post i will stop abusing downvote . 
  also , noone follows that particular rule weather he is 10 or 50 . 
  nah ... greek gods will rise again in kiev . 
  prepare your anus !, 
  and ? 
  that does n't mean shit . 
  that does n't change the fact that you are a piece of shit tho . 
  am i blind or winter is not there too ? 
  oh yeah ... what about draskyl ? 
  analyst . 
  their coach is 7k + and former teamm8 . 
  this is almost 2 years old . 
  someone needs to update it . 
  shit ... 
  did n't notice . 
  i saw the heroes he was playing 2 years ago at the end and i thought that it is old . 
  i ca n't afford a new computer either but fuck all those guys that cry over graphics . 
  i want dota to be a beautiful game with awesome graphics . 
  i 'd play lol if fps was all i care about . 
  alright ... this subreddit has officially gone to shit . 
  if they were joining another org he would n't say that it 's over . 
  also , i doubt north would pick bears since they have a lot of money to offer for salaries . 
  give humbug one more listen . 
  everyone is kind of meh at the beginning but after that it becomes our favorite . 
  source : check / r/arcticmonkeys, 
  also this bside is amazing, 
  1 ) how the hell can i improve my aim and map awareness in arma 3 ? 
  2 ) have you ever thought about working on radio ? 
  3 ) why do n't you sing when you re streaming anymore ? 
  do it now . 
  we need more epitalks, 
  pretty sure turkey is one hour ahead in winter since last year.they do n't change hour now tho so we are even . 
  rofl ... she probably means not finals . 
  every team will play the same games i believe . 
  come on man . . you turn 18 this year . 
  it 's time to grow up . 
  3,9 billion people watched the world cup . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  superbowl is famous only in us .
