   i just ca n't lock my camera directly onto my character . 
  you can , but being able to see what happens around you is a crucial part of dota . 
   the towers seem to randomly select a target in their range and can seem to hit the target even once they 're outside that range . 
  no , they have priorities . 
  moreover , they never attack you if you are out of range . 
  their attack can start when you are in range and follow you outside of it . 
  it is like a moving bomb . 
  as for the graphics , it is just preference . 
  yes you should . 
  it 's the perfect time because everyone will need time to adjust . 
  / r/learndota2 is the sub for you . 
  as i said you can lock it , but again , in teamfights you need to see what 's going on around . 
   i swear sometimes this is true , other times it feels like i 'm already well outside their range and they are still firing shots off at me . 
  maybe it was just me being slow . 
  probably you were slow . 
  moreover , you can now alt click to see the range of the tower so you are sure where you are . 
  generally , the game is a lot more user friendly , but it is also way more complex . 
  press on an enemy hero and alt click . 
  you should see the stats at the window that pops up on your left . 
  dude ... get into a bot game or a real game and you will see it . 
  it does n't show in lobby with cheats or in demo mode . 
  i am not making fun of you . 
  only if you have clicked on the enemy hero and that window has popped up . 
  when you play it seems really normal . 
  you can see him jumping but you ca n't see him on top of a tree . 
  you need flying vision , nightstalker or to cut his tree . 
  his jumping ability works like a blink danger . 
  a radiance wo n't let him jump to another tree . 
  today 12/12, 
  you might need to watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbi9nlpqri0&amp;t=99s ) and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zazvcn8sbhm&amp;t=1s ) . 
  i ca n't believe that you are that braindead . 
   think it is the most simple of the popular mobas . 
  nice b8 m8 . 
  i doubt valve cares about hots . 
  first of all , they are entirely opposite games on the same genre . 
  hots is the more relaxing , casual one , that you can play to have fun after work ( that 's what i do at least ) . 
  dota 2 is the more competitive and complex that you need time and willing to learn . 
  dota 2 has the best esport scene in the genre too . 
  they are completely different games . 
  moreover , i doubt that hots can reach the popularity of dota in the next ... 
  years . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  it looks different . 
  it 's the most difficult game of the genre . 
  it 's perfect timing tho . 
  everyone will be confused and will need time to adjust . 
  / r/learndota2 is the place for you if you want to start . 
  the patch hits the main client today . 
   see the useless empty spaces, 
  you mean the actual map ? 
  i am laughing in your face . 
  you wasted over 1k $ and you do n't even have the patience to play the game before you make up your mind . 
  you are so braindead that it is actually hilarious . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.dotabuff.com/learn/lol ) you can find heroes you like . 
  keep in mind that it is not updated for the new patch but it will be accurate most of the time . 
  lol for me was just boring i guess ... especially the competitive scene . 
  i enjoyed the 3v3 gamemode for some reason tho . 
  here we have custom games instead . 
  community makes its ' own game modes . 
  from rpgs to tds . 
  if 1k $ was spare change for you you would n't come here to find the best way to sell your items and look for sales , so cut the bullshit . 
  you are becoming even more ridiculous . 
  it 's night in seattle . 
  expect the patch in 7-10 hours . 
   they are making things easier for new players, 
  how are they doing that ? 
  they added way more agha upgrades , talents which replaced the old simple attribute system and a new hero . 
  the game is even more complex now . 
  best esport scene does n't mean more viewership . 
  starcraft has by far better esport scene than lol but their viewership sucks . 
  [ and yes , dota has very good esport viewership ] ( https://newzoo.com/insights/rankings/top-games-twitch/ ) and bare in mind that a huge amount of people watch the games in client and not in twitch . 
  no ... in test client it was 4gb . 
  my bet is that most files get replaced , so it does n't change that much . 
  nah ... it means that they are fixing the bugs so we can get the patch soon . 
  eh ... depends . 
  it 's 4-5 pm now in seattle . 
  usually they release it until 7pm . 
  i remember one patch that they releazed it when it was like 12pm or something . 
  rip gaben 's wallet ... too much overtime / s, 
  my grandfather who was born in 1927 was scared of telephones for a very long time . 
  i understand your fears ... 
  this post should go to the front page . 
  shit ... i forgot that the city is literally at the edge of the west part of us . 
  [ that 's ] ( http://www.dota2.com/700/hud/ ) the new hud and [ that 's ] ( http://www.dota2.com/700/pregame/ ) the new pre-game ui . 
  noone ... i ve stopped playing for the past year and i only watch pro games , but this patch made me download dota once again . 
   what about fixing solo matchmaking ? 
  depends on what you mean . 
   what about fixing the outrageous number of account sellers , win traders , and scripters ? 
  yeah good luck with all these . 
  it 's extremely hard to fix these in a f2p game . 
   what about fixing the low priority system ? 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
   what about enforcing language barriers ? 
  go play lol . 
  every region has cancerous players . 
  what are you gon na do about it ? 
  introduce an english test in game ? 
  maybe we should start giving degrees too . 
   95 % of south americas are bad, 
  yeah ... that 's not a straw man .
