  ** with what attitude the guys went to play against newbee ? 
  * ever since we qualified for the boston major , the mood and the game plan is always the same guys . 
  we went to boston to go as far as possible . 
  we have proved that we are not afraid of any teams in the world , it is they should be afraid of us . 
  and against newbee , and in the group stage we were ready to beat opponents . 
  ** what do you think about the grid single elimination ? 
  * when we first heard about it , i was a little discouraged . 
  on the other hand , it made us even more hungry to win and increased the desire to show everyone what we can do . 
  ** how ad finem affected victory in the first round of the playoffs on one of the tournament favorites - newbee team ? 
  * each time you meet with the chinese team in a tournament of this magnitude , you meet with the giant dota 2 . 
  these players and teams are very strong , they can turn the course of the game at any time , as if she had not evolved , they have repeatedly proven it . 
  so yes , when you beat the champion ti or lanm , or a living legend - xiao8 , of course , it gives you strength . 
  ** can we say that ad - finem - friends team ? 
  * boys in ad finem - is more than just friends , they are family . 
  last year , many teams changed or decayed compositions . 
  our guys stayed together and continued to believe in each other . 
  they are hungry to win . 
  they do not want to be `` superstars '' from the world of dota 2 . 
  they want to win all of them - the soldiers . 
  i do not know if there is another team on the dota 2 with the same team `` chemistry '' , as we have . 
  you can not imagine our relationship : after each victory or defeat guys stay together , watch replays of the game and try to understand what they did wrong , what decisions have been correct and incorrect . 
  ** you came up with the idea in advance greetings `` awoo ! '' ? 
  * it 's from the movie `` 300 '' . 
  in boston , all the guys were called `` spartans '' , and if you remember in the movie when the king leonid turned to the spartans , they answered `` awoo !, 
  the boys have decided that people will like the comparison between a spartan warrior and ad finem , so now it 's our fan chants , it will at all events . 
  ** since we are talking about the players , tell me more about spartane . 
  what man is he ? 
  * giorgos - guy that everyone wants to be friends . 
  he was smiling , joking and laughing . 
  as captain , he is highly respected : after 10 years in dota , he knows exactly what he wants and what he wants from the team . 
  he has repeatedly argued this and previous teams . 
  what do you see in the booth of players - the same thing happens at the table in his house . 
  you can not imagine the energy of this guy !, 
  * he lives in sparta with his family , he loves sports . 
  almost always after training with the team , in good or bad weather , it goes to the stadium , and is engaged in gymnastics . 
  imagine , two , three or four o'clock in the morning he goes and trains one in the stadium . 
  giorgos previously worked at an internet cafe in sparta , where he practiced and played games with the official lc , nlg and ad finem the beginning . 
  before lan weplay he left that job to focus on the team . 
  * in the game , during the peak , he sometimes sees that this card has already won the first four peaks . 
  giorgos usually looks at the draft and said : `` guys , now i peak invokera or any other character , and our game ! '', 
  he wants to communicate in the game only in greek , while the english had no problems . 
  that is why we took madara from nlg and created ad finem . 
  imagine , after we qualified for gameshow lan , i 'm calling apostolos ( mnt ) and haris ( skylark ) and tell them that giorgos wants to make the team with the two of them , as well as thug and madara . 
  regardless of the result of that tournament 's dream about the greek team started to take real shape . 
  ** how giorgos family reacted when he said he was going to make a living by playing a computer game ? 
  * in this regard , all the players are in the perfect position . 
  the families of all our players to support them in all endeavors . 
  thug dropped out of college and left his football career , madara left the college , skylark , too . 
  only mnt is now studying psychology . 
  * giorgos knows exactly what he wants - success !, 
  he is very diligent , and if dota ultimately did not bring him the desired , it will switch to something else , but now he is hungry to victories and is ready to begin the hunt for aegis !, 
  ** what are your plans for the coming weeks ? 
  * we traveled a lot , so the next few days rest , and then start working on a game with the new patch . 
  also in the near future , we will deal with our new home ad finem in athens . 
  also , we are preparing to expand our organization to other cyber disciplines . 
  ** by the way , the guys reacted to 7.00 ? 
  * personally , i , as a veteran , who played in dota almost since its inception , i believe that this patch - the best thing that ever happened to dota 2 . 
  it will change a lot of things . 
  so get one of his first interviews as a leader marios esports . 
  the next step - his team . 
  i hope the guys will be able to find time to answer some of my questions . 
  all 5 players live with their families and the org has nothing to do with that . 
  they did n't even bootcamp for the major quals this time . 
  i posted the interview of their founder . 
  you can read it . 
  the org had financial difficulties . 
  that 's not exactly how it works . 
  noone said that it is illegal . 
  the terms were there , but he did n't read them . 
  anyway , of course it 's shady , but i ld do the same if i was their owner and had people to pay . 
  you ld probably do the same too if you had commitments towards other people . 
  those people rely on you . 
  merlini is that you ? 
  yeah if it illegal then i am taking everything i said back . 
  still tho , i ld have done it . 
  i ca n't imagine how it is to do not deliver your commitments towards your employees . 
  it works for me . 
  yeah sure ... 
  first of all , if they do n't release the patch , it 's possible that they ld never knew about these bugs . 
  the same happened with reborn . 
  secondly , can you imagine the shitstorm that ld happen if they did n't release it ? 
  if this chinese tournament does n't go well , i can see eg reshuffling . 
  i also believe that bulba will end up in np and that secret might change some players . 
  you might be right but we ve seen a lot . 
  pretty sure players already knew what kind of man puppey is but they were still playing with him . 
  [ the guy with the na'vi hoodie ] ( https://twitter.com/charlieyang/status/808152490562715648 ) / s, 
  yeah ... i am pretty sure that og , vp , af , dc wo n't change rosters . 
  i am not sure about eg because we ve seen a lot . 
  i expect changes for all the other teams . 
  yeah ... thousands of people were faking a reaction . 
  you are a smart man . 
   ad finem will have won ti7, 
  i am fine if they do n't fix anything then . 
  first of all , it 's a show . 
  he is doing it to entertain people . 
  secondly , of course you can learn from a coach you idiot . 
  when you are new to the game you develop some really bad habbits . 
  when someone is there to tell you that what you are doing is wrong , it becomes easier for you to improve . 
  for fucks sake ... 
  you wrote the same thing 10 times .
