  it was not only the size . 
  reborn had a lot more bugs . 
  no they werent lol . 
  yeah they just went in 3 lans . 
  weplay , summit and na . 
  before that they went at mlg austin texas and starladder 11 as london conspiracy and spartan and madara went at gameshow as nlg too . 
  let aside ti5 , manila major and ti6 quals . 
  imperial is a very good team with potential but af was better . 
  because budget . 
  they went to three lans before the major and were 1 game away from manila major and ti6 . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  they were formed in 4th december of 2015 . 
  they went at weplay at february . 
  sorry m8 , i happen to be a student at greece . 
  every trip is expensive to me . 
  if i want to fly there in february the ticket will cost me 200 euros . 
  another 200 for the cheapest hotel ( lets say that the tournament will last 6 days ) plus food and drinks ... fuck my life . 
  yeah i know that people can attend both events . 
  i was talking for me . 
  dac fucks my exams ... rip . 
  i searched it and if i book now its 200 in a dirt cheap hotel . 
  just saying ... 
  well , the difference wo n't be that much if i book that particular offer but you re right anyway . 
  i ve traveled a lot in my short life and i never used airbnb . 
  i do n't know why ... 
  fix what exactly ? 
  his first game was 8 months ago . 
  he probably made his profile private after that . 
  thx for the offer dude , but i ll prefer to attend my exams so i can finish the uni on time . 
  my exams start at mid january and end mid february so it ld say dac will fuck my exams for sure unless if it is at the end of february . 
  they d probably laugh i guess . 
  i d do the same even if i was/am not a liquid fan . 
  yes ... !, 
  everyone is kind of trying to find how to play in the new patch so just get in and enjoy yourself . 
  do n't forget to use the learn tab first . 
  the problem is that in greece there is 25 % unemployment ( 50 % youth unemployment ) and a 500 euros minimum salary that is n't enough even for the basics . 
  i am not complaining , i am saying that i can not afford it anyway . 
  lol, 
   default ui is pretty horrible for new players . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  the default ui is bad for old players that are used to the old one . 
  it 's better for the new players because it does n't cover 40 % of the screen . 
  do n't show this to your so ... for fucks sake . 
  how many accounts does this fucker nadoter/umakisokawaii has ? 
  are you one of them ? 
  put the one hand on your dick . 
  that 's what i do . 
  got ta warm that right hand . 
  the update itself was 6,6 giga but there are several small updates after that . 
  the game is more . 
  i do n't know if the guy is legit but ppd himself said very recently that his relationship with rtz is not the best . 
  we already had the best ui in any moba/arts even before this update . 
  lol 's is shit and does n't give any information and hots ' too . 
  yeah i know that the new one is a lot better . 
  i am comparing the old hud to the one of the other mobas . 
  in lol you ca n't even see what the skills do . 
  it was more hyped because it was at ti6 and because eg won with a comeback . 
  og vs af on the otherhand was not a single comeback but multiple ones . 
  you did n't know who will win at any point . 
  in my mind it was like og-af-og-af-og-af . 
  ok dude ... let 's be realistic the game was very good , one of the best games in dota , but having 3 dagons hitting a timbersaw is not about synergy . 
  especially when the first dagon hit him before the etheral xd, 
  ad finem vs og game had more kills , a rapier drop , a rapier reclaim , had multiple comebacks and an insane ending . 
  it was in the final too . 
  seriously , there is nothing more you can ask from one game . 
   universe was playing carry void , fear was offlane axe . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  lol . 
   sumail showed why is he the best player in the world and how ridiculously broken an eblade/dagon mirana could be . 
  yeah ... because [ noone ] ( https://www.dotabuff.com/heroes/mirana/items?date=patch_6.88b ) was buying etheral until then . 
  for fucks sake ... 
   af was ahead early in their game . 
  [ af was behind in the early game . 
  ] ( https://www.dotabuff.com/matches/2836936292 ) . 
  did you even watch the game ? 
  as for eg 's comeback of course it 's impressive but imo , as i said before , af 's vs og 's game was better because you were always changing your mind about who is gon na win . 
  seriously , if you look at the stats , the team fights were back and forth after the 20th minute mark when af made the comeback . 
  you could n't possibly know who is gon na win the game at any moment . 
  eg won 3 consecutive fights and won the game . 
  that 's impressive but has nothing to do with the back and forth game 3 of the grand finals . 
  that 's not an argument . 
  eg won more money that they ld make after 30 years of working and wings after 60 years of working but they did n't even have a smile on their faces . 
  noone said that they were n't happy because of the money tho ... lol . 
  professional players risk their lives to get into competitive games . 
  noone of them is in college expect from mnt . 
  it ld be a disaster if they could n't make any money . 
   tasty food, 
  bad food and not exactly tasty . 
  i ca n't believe there are 13 idiots that upvoted this post . 
  whenever i see this word written i picture the person that wrote it as a 12 yo ugly little shit that took first place at the masturbation contest . 
  you should . 
  otherwise do n't complain . 
  on the other hand , you can not name `` metaphore '' whatever you do n't agree with or is proven wrong . 
  bible itself contains many shits from an ethical point of view and scientific . 
  you ca n't keep excusing everything that was written . 
  it is the only thing you have to base your religion on . 
  eh ... science is always evolving and is growing because of doubt . 
  so , no . 
  if it was something static you could say this . 
  expect if god is keep making his mind while `` erasing '' and `` writting '' stuff everyday or something .
