  was a joke . 
  also cl\u00e9menceau was radical af . 
  yes , the core of his program is to change the constitution with a constituent assembly and step down after a while . 
  he 's all for ecology and the green transition , generous social welfare for the disadvantaged ... to him finance will be responsible for short-circuiting all the efforts made to make the world a greener and fairer place because his long-term goals are not compatible with the short-term profits and unhinged capitalism that big companies are incentivized to pursue in order to make profits for their shareholders . 
  https://avenirencommun.fr/carte-programme/assembleeconstituante/ maybe you can google translate that part of his website . 
  nostalgic of the ussr dream , more anti-us than pro russia , against liberal eu , wants a more socialist eu , so he does n't like the eu as it is now and is ready to try to force a frexit if he does n't get his way , which is terrible in itself . 
  a left-winger would have been hamon , m\u00e9lenchon is more `` modern '' communist than socialist . 
  it 's just my opinion . 
  wrong https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/radical_party_ ( france ), 
  there is little point in arguing about would be wars . 
  we agree on that much . 
  greece as an agressor would mean golden dawn in power ... hell freezes over and all that . 
  it 's not as clearcut as you think it is . 
  also , the main trade partners of turkey are germany , irak , the uk , italy , france , the us , iran , the netherlands ... not to speak of the impact of tourism on their economy . 
  erdogan is playing with fire but when he builds an `` under siege '' mentality to justify his power grabbing tendencies , any escalation plays in his hand even though the country would suffers the consequences . 
  defusing the situation might be a smarter move as long as his provocations are in words only . 
  put forward common goals and interests to counter the ecological and diplomatic catastrophes that the current us administration will generate . 
  we 're still allied at the end of the day . 
  why does everything has to be a war with you guys ? 
  the us ca n't break up the eu imo . 
  trump will unite germany and france against him with his blunders yet to come . 
  le pen is popular but macron , fillon , m\u00e9lenchon and hamon or even palpatine would win the second turn in a face off against her . 
  the polish government is a threat to poland more than the eu . 
  on the contrary , flexibility builds resilience . 
  the divide is there but does not warrant a union break up . 
  two speed eu . 
  the dream of the founding members will still be alive while the eastern block benefits from the status quo without having to compromise anything . 
  a poll from 2008 that is questionable ( to me , the sample was too small ) showed that 60 % of the french people interrogated were in favor of wallonia joining france progressively ( i thought that number would be higher to be honest ) and that 49 % of the wallonians would also be in favor of such a move . 
  has the situation changed ? 
  a belgian friend told me that if it was n't for brussels ' status , it would have been done already , but i also met a lot of fierce belgian independentists that would go berserk on me for bringing up the subject . 
  during my stay in wallonia ( waterloo and brussels ) , i did n't really notice any cultural difference between our two countries , to me the wallonian are really similar to the people from the north of france . 
  on the bright side , it means that we could stop fighting about who invented the fries first . 
  poll * french * : http://www.lavoixdunord.fr/region/actualite/secteur_region/2008/07/29/article_un-wallon-sur-deux-pret-a-devenir-franca.shtml, 
  i often have controversial opinions , but , if everybody agreed , that would n't be fun would it ? 
  take the time to read me out , i might change your mind . 
  speaking of consensus , most readers here seem to agree that halting the sale was a good idea for the union . 
  i do n't . 
  i think this is detrimental to the eu as an independent entity on the long-term more than it is to the french global interests . 
  here 's why : let 's look back ten years from now , 2003 . 
  do you remember colin powell going on tv and [ rambling about anthrax agitating a vial full of sugar or whatnot in his hand ? ], 
  ( http://www.wired.com/images_blogs/dangerroom/2011/03/powell_un_anthrax.jpg ) everybody knew the un inspectors would n't find the weapons of mass destruction that * justified * this war for the public opinion in the first place . 
  i do n't remember the uk , poland , or spain objecting anything when the us decided to wage an unwaranted war against a stable country in the middle-east , killing in this process hundreds of thousands of civilians . 
  france took a stand and was punished for it , and germany did as well . 
  now how the fuck is it in spain 's or poland 's direct interest to send soldiers to irak ? 
  how can europe be a `` thing '' , if our neighbors armies follow blindly the us . 
  today that woulld even be worse . 
  today there would be one more lap dog going along with the us in this wild ride in the middle-east , that 'd be france . 
  why ? 
  because of such decisions as halting this sale . 
  doing this undermines france legitimacy as a global player , and it has consequences for the entire union . 
  what 's france 's word worth if they decide that they wont uphold a contracts the moment their client 's interests conflict with the us ? 
  one of our biggest ongoing negociation is with india . 
  what the hell do the indians think our governement 's word is worth now ? 
  they are probably at the mercy of a unilateral french political decision : `` hey india , we 're going to sell you those awesome planes that are going to be completed in 3 to 5 years , but we might or might not deliver according to our deal depending on whether you 're still on the us 's best side regarding your border conflict with pakistan in 3 to 5 years '' . 
  i love the uk , and i consider they are our biggest military ally , but cameron is a big fat phony hypocrit , bitching about france like a self-righteous american televengelist about the sale of two helicopter-carriers of negligible importance , [ while the uk was still trading weapons with russia in bigger deals ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/23/arms-export-licences-russia-pm-embargo-report ) . 
  and that 's the core of the problem . 
  maybe the us and the other european countries have it right , selling to russia is bad , all those dodgy democracies we sell weapons to ... that 's not serious is it ? 
  the truth is , the moment we bail out of those contracts , either the us or another european seller is going to replace france . 
  no kidding , it happens even for non-military equipment . 
  peugeot one of the last and dying french manufacturer of cars was actually number 1 in iran . 
  general motors wanted to invest in peugeot but only if peugeot would leave the iranian market ( dangerous dictature , embargo , not really ethical - reminds you of anyone eastward ? ) . 
  few days later , gm sell its participation in peugeot , and start selling cars in iran who is miraculously opening its market at the exact same time . 
  the french army right now is important , but not looking very good and deteriorating very fast . 
  france is starting to rely more and more on nato and the us for its own defence , and our commitment to nato has increased in the past years . 
  our voice as a sovereign and independent nation is fading out . 
  for all those of you who think that marine le pen is the blond bad bitch from hell , this is the kind of decisions that will get her elected , and gets french citizen to dislike the union . 
  there is a reason why putin is so popular in russia and in some western countries , he is n't obama 's bitch . 
  you guys have wet dreams about a european union military independence . 
  yet the italians , the polish , the dutch , and most other countries in europe would rather buy f-35 's from the us than french rafales planes , or french boats , or french weapons . 
  there are big military industries in sweden , france , germany , the uk that covers almost every piece of equipment an army would need . 
  but still , most countries within the european union would rather depend on the us . 
  if you want an independent european army , and europe to have a united voice on the global scene , maybe your governements should think about buying european weapons , and then maybe the french would n't have to trade with the russians , the iranians , the chinese and the petro-dictatures . 
  military independence goes in hand with having your own european military industry . 
  we need more initiatives like the eurocopter program , or the eurofighter that would include eastern countries like poland who are relying on american equipment . 
  we 're not a 6 countries union anymore . 
  if we dynamite one of the most important military industry of the continent , you also dynamite the dream of a european military union able to protect its own interests and project its own voice on the global scene . 
  miko is called wall 's in britain . 
  gb glace in finland . 
  it 's common . 
  most popular brands are miko , cornetto , carte d'or , haagen-dasz , magnum ... ben and jerry 's are there , they have weird flavours , never tasted any as they seem gross to me but they 've got their public . 
  personal favorites are cornetto and carte d'or , plus some artisanal sorbets made locally . 
  still chinese . 
  we had communications issues if you can believe it . 
  i 've even dated a girl who did n't speak english or french . 
  she was chinese . 
  she was hot . 
  if she 's hot , life finds a way . 
  there 's a lovesick episode kind of like that . 
  grew up in the south ( perpignan / montpellier ) : spain : as far as i 'm concerned , it 's the european country i feel closest to even if as a whole politically germany is a bigger partner , and militarily britain is a valuable ally . 
  half the people in my highschool were fluent in spanish due to ancestry or proximity with some spanish people however barely any could utter an intelligible english sentence . 
  i was the odd one out with a shit level in spanish and good english skills . 
  so yeah , their food is god-tier , hospitality level hard to reciprocate , level of artistic and cultural craziness unmatched due to the movida , arguably the only country on earth that likes to bicker more than we do internally . 
  nah , spain is okay when they do n't bug us on reddit about regional languages . 
  italy : never really been unfortunately . 
  there is a romantic relationship between italy and france , rome and paris . 
  intertwined histories from leonardo da vinci and fran\u00e7ois 1er to garibaldi and napol\u00e9on iii to carla bruni and sarkozy ( yeah , i know , unfortunate lapse in quality there ) ... a long time ago , that might not be so long ago , italians immigrants were [ ruthlessly murdered in a city nearby ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacre_of_italians_at_aigues-mortes ) . 
  now we only kill those who argue that their cooking is better than ours and those who bring up 2006 in public . 
  we do n't talk about 2006 . 
  germany : germans have a word for france calling us the eternal enemy or something similar i forgot the spelling but it 's probably just as poetic and easy to roll on the tongue as goethe 's poetry . 
  so not so much .
