  that 's the level of dumb you come off as . 
  i 'm actually into law and marketing , i do n't know the first thing about computer related jobs . 
  my sister has no diplomas , and she found a job extremely easily . 
  i mean , the job came to her rather . 
  she can code in a few languages , including pearl . 
  and her entry salary is around 3500 $ ( month ) , in paris . 
  the article linked below says that the country is looking for 48000 coders in the coming years and that there are n't nearly enough youngsters formed for this job . 
  the jobs are located around provence , lille , paris and lyon , and the entry salary is around 2000 $ . 
  client ui , database analysis , mobile technology . . that kind of stuff . 
  yeah , we are also desperately looking for doctors in our many isolated villages , where the population is aging . 
  doctors , nurses , math teachers . 
  lots of doctors and math teachers come from romania actually and a ton of nurses from ivory coast . 
  france has a deficit in it . 
  competent tech guys are really sought after . 
  and it pays rather well . 
  do n't you get free classes aswell ? 
  have a friend who worked in a bank last summer , all he did all day was processing papers of french nationals going transparent with their assets in swiss banks because the french fiscal administration was cracking down on it . 
  the swiss banks have actually improved on that end , if they were to be `` blacklisted '' by the eu , it would be terrible for them . 
  it 's not exclusive at all . 
  but they have the tools and the access to the specialists , so usually , it 's them . 
  it 's not a legislature . 
  the video explains it very well . 
  it 's not unusual for the ecb to initiate the process for example . 
  it is powerful , but it can not pass laws by itself , it 's up to the council and parliament , and one of them will have the last word depending on the matter . 
  so of all the institutions , it 's arguably the least powerful but also the most active . 
  the truth is that since the lisbon treaty , the default rule is the codecision ( except for the military and other critical stuff like that ) . 
  it 's complicated but i 'll try to keep it simple : the commission , generally , will inquire , study , and propose that a law should be made about a certain topic , so the commission has the initiative on the process , they are the ones starting it most of the time , it 's their job . 
  from a national point of view , this is often the executive that does this . 
  then both the council and the parliament decide to add amendments to the law , they debate it , back and forth , until they reach an agreement . 
  then the law is passed . 
  actually fuck it , this video does a better job at explaining it than i do : http://www.europarltv.europa.eu/en/player.aspx?pid=9d74db25-e092-4142-80f0-a2c300a17d11, 
  tommen has a tragic story . 
  a tragedy always start with you knowing the character is going to die . 
  we always knew tommen was going to die as was prophecised . 
  he was just a scared child trying to rule as best he could and actually listening to his advisors ... he was one of the only genuinely well-meaning person in westeros . 
  what 's nice about this commemoration is that this year , a building commemorating the names of the 25 000 south african soldiers who fought and died in the somme battle will be unveiled . 
  it 's hardly forgotten , just thought of as a less iconic battle than verdun for the french . 
  there are no penalties to not joining the euro . 
  the monetary union is a different thing , it 's in noway mandatory . 
  sweden has been condemned ( like every country ) , by the european union court of justice . 
  if tomorrow sweden was to subsidize volvo without proper justification , then they would be punished by the eucj , no doubt about that . 
  but the control over currency is what we call a `` regalian '' element ( = core sovereign competencies ) and therefore , sweden can say no to the euro without no consequences whatsoever because it is part of a set of competencies that are very sensitive to what makes a nation sovereign . 
  it gets trickier . 
  but to add to that , there are domains in which the nations have way more control than others . 
  the most important organ of the eu is the council . 
  each member-state has a leader sitting at the council , and they can veto laws that are put in front of them if they disagree with them . 
  there also are a lot of opt-outs and britain used this the most out of all the countries . 
  britain always had the chance to veto things , and they did it a lot aswell , most notably when it was about taxing financial transactions . 
  member-states participate to the budget of the eu according to their income , and thatcher was n't happy with it , because 40 % of the eu budget goes to the `` common agricultural policy '' , which main benefactor is france . 
  this is of little interest to britain . 
  so , britain gets a rebate that has made many people in the eu unhappy ( thatcher 's rebate ) . 
  the britain 's contribution to the eu is more than what they get back in form of grants and subsidies , if the uk were to give 20 $ to the eu , and receive only 5 $ back in various subsidies , then the 15 $ difference , the net participation to the budget of the eu that farage considers a waste of money that he would rather spend on the nhs , is reduced by 2/3 ( so 10 $ ) by the eu and the slate is picked up by france and the other member-states . 
  that 's why many people say to farage `` good luck negotiating a better deal now '' . 
  let 's not compare the us and europe . 
  we could , we wont , it would be a mistake . 
  the us might aswell be another planet . 
  what is europe : a collection of sovereign states sharing a very bloody past , some elements of languages , and the biggest trade hub in the whole world . 
  united , we represent 440m citizens or so . 
  the us has 300m citizens , the strongest army in the world , and the strongest economy in the world , china has billions of citizens ... you see where i 'm going with it right ? 
  in order not to lose control over our destiny , we must unite , because together , we are stronger . 
  the eu legislation is not that terrible , it 's not critically undemocratic . 
  in only very seldom cases it is against the interests of the citizens : it 's about protecting the environment , subsidizing the poorest regions for development , giving equal rights to citizens across the eu , guaranteeing consumer rights and high standards of quality for products made in the eu , protecting igp 's and intellectual properties , setting up minimas to be respected for workers rights and consumer rights , protecting minorities ... 
  according to the british chamber of commerce , while the uk 's participation in the budget of the eu amounted to between 150 and 200 # pounds for household , each household benefitted in various perks to an extent of 3000 # pounds ... 
  in simpler terms , what leverage would latvia have against russia economically without the eu ? 
  how could italy question google if they were acting as a monopoly without the rest of the eu ? 
  how could france protect its `` cassis '' liquor production against fake ones produced elsewhere for cheap without the cooperation of the rest of the bloc ? 
   in 2013 , the cbi surveyed the available academic estimates of the overall net economic costs and benefits of the uk 's membership of the eu , as part of its major report our global future . 
  we have now updated this review , taking into account a number of new estimates that have been made available since 2013 as well as deepening the analysis . 
  we are reaffirming our view that the body of academic evidence points to an overall net benefit of eu membership to the uk around 4\u20105 % of gdp , or # 73bn\u201091bn per annum in 2014 gdp ( # 2,700 # 3,300 per household ) , which has accumulated over time . 
  there is an unavoidable degree of uncertainty over this judgment , and the benefit may be smaller , but it could also be considerably larger . 
  http://news.cbi.org.uk/business-issues/uk-and-the-european-union/eu-business-facts/cbi-literature-review-of-the-impact-of-eu-membership-on-the-uk-economy-pdf/ edit : example of eu related benefits to the uk : environment : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-06-28/next-brexit-test-finding-136-billion-to-keep-u-k-s-lights-on#media-3 consumer regulation : http://www.theguardian.com/media-network/media-network-blog/2014/jan/27/retail-eu-consumer-rights-directive fair trade : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:61995cj0265 ( decision about the war of the strawberry . 
  in the late 1990 's french farmers destroyed foreign shipments of strawberries because they were angry at eu competition , french police passivity was judged as complicit , and france was punished by the eu because it was factually responsible for creating a barrier to free trade inside the union ) . 
   65 having regard to all the foregoing considerations , it must be concluded that in the present case the french government has manifestly and persistently abstained from adopting appropriate and adequate measures to put an end to the acts of vandalism which jeopardize the free movement on its territory of certain agricultural products originating in other member states and to prevent the recurrence of such acts . 
   66 consequently , it must be held that , by failing to adopt all necessary and proportionate measures in order to prevent the free movement of fruit and vegetables from being obstructed by actions by private individuals , the french government has failed to fulfil its obligations under article 30 , in conjunction with article 5 , of the treaty and under the common organizations of the markets in agricultural products . 
  watch the video , it 's hilarious : `` let 's be grown ups about it , oh and by the way , none of you has ever worked a real job in their lives and you 're shit at making laws '' . 
  or `` the uk has more leverage than the eu in the upcoming talks for a trade deal '' or `` if the eu implements tariffs on cars to the uk , hundreds of thousands of german workers will be out of a job '' . 
  and then he has the balls to add `` the uk will be the eu 's best friends '' . 
  you keep stuff from changing by staying . 
  i 'm not lying about that . 
  the uk has a veto power and large powers within the eu , before laws are made , the uk has a say in what 's in them , and on everything finance , the uk controls the debates . 
  you do realize that the pillow regulations and fruit regulations and all the other eu regulations are going to still be there in europe even if you 're not in the eu ? 
  the eu accounts for the largest part of your exports , more than half . 
  you 'll need to follow eu regulations in order to export your pillow or your fruits ... and the uk will also have to pay to have access to the single market , that access price is going to be equally high or higher than what it already pays finally the the eu will never accept a deal in which the free movement of goods does n't come with the free movement of people . 
  if you leave , you lose all the leverage you had and still have as one of the biggest country of the eu to change the rules . 
  as an outsider you 'll not have a word about pillow regulations and fruit regulations ... even british igp 's will be put in jeopardy . 
  there are political arguments to leave the eu , but economically , it 's not a worthy decision . 
  i 'm more inclined to say that the uk should stay in the eu , personally . 
  just saying that the `` no '' campaign is n't ridiculous . 
  beside the finances , the eu also aims to become a political union , one has to look at the ideals of britain and the ideals of the eu and see if they can match , and for some , they ca n't , so they would vote for an exit . 
  i can respect that even if i think this is not the best path for britain . 
  i disagree . 
  it makes sense for some british to leave the eu and that decision is n't purely based on fear and emotions . 
  the uk should have never joined the eu according to some , inculding the deceased head of state de gaulle , we do not share the same vision for the future , and they opt-out of so many things in the eu while already participating a lot in its budget that it 's become clear that an amicable divorce is preferable to a stagnant situation . 
  the uk cherishes its independance and insularity , its ultra liberal economy and furthermore , all the efforts towards further integration and social advances from the eu administrations will be met with skepticism on the other side of the channel . 
  voting to part ways in this climate might be the best decision on the long-term , so everyone can democratically pursue ideals that they think are best for them and their ways of life . 
  it 's a bit non-sensical to use time as a frame of reference for a new poll . 
  britain leaving the eu would be a huge change , and therefore , scotland should have the opportunity to vote again based on the fact that the situation is ( or rather would become ) drastically different now than it was then . 
  it 's not a complete governemental ban . 
  french regulation work like that . 
  if it 's not written , it 's not a rule that can be upheld .
