  in france if the name is harmful to the future prospects of the children in any way , you can not name that children with it . 
  it was my first year exam in civil law , i remember the case being about parents naming their children titeuf , a stupid character from a french cartoon . 
  used to be you could only pick a name from the calendar but there still are some rules . 
  i used to have a classmate named osama ( borned waaaay before 9/11 ) . 
  i wonder if today you can still name people osama . 
  there 's is n't that much variation in muslim names . 
  most arabic europeans are religious and muslim parents do n't tend to pick non-arabic sounding names for their children . 
  so yeah , mohammed being the most popular religious name for boys , i 'm not surprised . 
  i 'm glad my parents were able to pick from different things , like greek , latin , biblical , hebrew ... and not just the bible . 
  otherwise we 'd all be named jean and marie like in the middle ages . 
  the wine industry needed this . 
  wine exported from europe to japan is way more expensive than south-american or australian wine . 
  now they will be able to compete . 
  swamps , poverty , cowboys and far right . 
  yeah i know it 's seldom . 
  here in france it 's pretty common . 
  i remember in highschool , a lot of people were smoking weed during breaks at 10am . 
  i even had my best friend in junior high who arrived to class high , but i live in the french equivalent of alabama so it could be more uncommon elsewhere . 
  some people in highschool grew their own , someone even tried to recruit me to be a dealer because i was a bit nerdy and nobody would suspect me and he thought i 'd never try it . 
  15 is somewhat cold to me . 
  i used to set up the air conditioning at 23 in my office during summer , and i thought it was refreshing . 
  i wish it were in english but it reminded me of this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qxn-nj-pyxs, 
  do n't bother . 
  some people have another mindset . 
  you wont change that . 
  ghadaffi was an unstable dictator . 
  he was convenient for a while but he was an extremist and a supporter of terrorism . 
  a bad person overall . 
  had we let him continue to turn on his own people and create a lasting civil war , we would have had an even worse situation on our hands with way more destruction and refugees and lives lost . 
  some people just do n't have any empathy for the refugees and that 's weird to me . 
  i 'm all for border control and a rational reaction to this crisis and i 'm not siding with ngo 's , but i think it 's basic decency to accept some refugees in , to not assume that they are motivated by greed , that they are here to deceive us , to terrorize us , to replace us , that they are barbarians at our gates . 
  it 's an unhealthy mindset and a troubling lack of empathy . 
  yep , they ca n't do what they want , but indeed there is no search warrant . 
  i 've had penal law classes at university even though that was not my specialty , i can tell you for certain there is no such things as us style warrants . 
  if a cop is on your doorstep and wants to go in you ca n't say `` show me your warrant ! '' . 
  our `` perquisition '' system is a bit more intrusive . 
  i mean , you want local stuff , i show you local stuff . 
  of course that 's small time but it adds up and we 've got small folklore things all over . 
  you want national stuff ? 
  we got that too , gave you some example . 
  what do you want me to show you ? 
  what do you mean by folklore , cultural background and traditions ? 
  from polynesia to guadeloupe and britanny to alsace and lille to perpignan , there are all kinds of things in our folklore , and a lot of times they 're food related . 
  i 've just grazed the surface here . 
  the interceltic festival of britanny got 800 000 attendees in 2010 . 
  there are 1,3 m people in estonia ( and 3,3 m in the britanny region ) . 
  how big does it have to be ? 
  you 'll have to be more specific i 'm afraid , and while i really like estonia , i suspect that like a lot of eastern european you 're just high on this `` westerners and their black and arab citizens are diluting their christian white culture and society '' drug . 
  i 'm sorry if that 's not what you meant by that , but that 's how it came across to me . 
  there is no such things as warrants in french legislation . 
  never has been . 
  i do n't agree . 
  we still do celebrate our folklore . 
  [ chandeleur ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presentation_of_jesus_at_the_temple ) , [ galettes des rois ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_cake#french_king_cake ) ( ... king 's cake ? 
  ) , [ and also very local stuff like the boat jousts in s\u00e8te ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_jousting ) , [ the grande braderie of lille ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braderie_de_lille ) , the saint jean bonfires ... and we create new ones , like [ roman-themed festivals ] ( http://en.destinationsuddefrance.com/going-out/events-in-south-of-france/great-roman-games-in-nimes ) or [ la f\u00eate de la musique ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f%c3%aate_de_la_musique ) ( day of music ) . 
  in my region only , small villages from all over have traditional folklore festivities during the summer with bulls and horses and cowboys which i 'm not a big fan of ( not corridas though , no bull killing ) . 
  nah , i 'd say we 're fine . 
  thank you for wondering though . 
   hypocrite stop calling me a hypocrite . 
  i have n't judged you , or turkey . 
  you 're angry at a random person for things other persons have said or something , maybe it 's linked with kurds , i do n't know but keep it for someone else . 
  while the languages were repressed , the people speaking it were not . 
  before they spoke french and were according to you assimilated , they were still french . 
  they were subjects of the kingdoms , citizens of the republics etc. . . they just did n't speak french . 
  ethnicity has nothing to do with it . 
  let 's not equate political propaganda , linguistic unification through mandatory education and patriotic revanchism to build a national identity with actual genocide . 
  turkey 's way towards building a nation-state was some of these elements ( turkish alphabet , distanciation with the clerical powers , military custodian of the democracy ) but also to massacre the armenians and relocate the ethnic greeks . 
  that 's all in the past and quite frankly france had bloody civil wars too and both our countries histories are somewhat grey as most countries ' histories and collective consciences are . 
  but let 's just say we made peace with our past moving forward and the country is united now . 
  and i like it that way . 
  yeah , like switzerland , belgium or spain are examples to follow when it comes to languages . 
  i 'm glad france was unified under the french language . 
  regional languages are part of our folklore and history and geography and they should never be forgotten but neither should they ever be given an equal status to french in france . 
  language is culture , our nation is built on this culture , if you divide the nation in linguistic areas , you divide the nation , if you have one language , you unite the nation . 
  we have the latter and will never go back to the former . 
  i miss the french 5f coin . 
  it was big too . 
  i wish we had 5 $ coins . 
  if you want to trade with the bloc you have to agree with a lot of eu regulations . 
  it 's a matter of institutional checks and balance . 
  countries have veto rights on all things relevant to regalian functions . 
  taking the leadership in the eu is n't about dictating , whatever may be your perception on it . 
  countries who rightly feel like things are dictated to them are outside of the eu and inside the efta/eee , like switzerland or norway who often have to agree with eu regulation they have no say in . 
  fyi le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 is a very trustworthy source . 
  for decades ( they have been there since 1915 ) they have been one of the best investigation journalism newspaper there is . 
  recently , i think they are the one who broke the p\u00e9n\u00e9lope fillon story that sunk his campaign . 
  they can afford to be satirical and very mocking in style , a bit less conformist than other mainstream papers . 
  they are independent from any influence : no advertising , no shareholders . 
  there are opt-outs . 
  ireland has an opt-out . 
  no need to bail out . 
  it is very real . 
  your governement is opposed to a two speed europe , to more federalization , to rationalize detached workers policies ( workers in france not being paid french minimum wage ) , to erase social dumping , to harmonize fiscal legislation across the common market , to federalize the efforts to deal with the influx of migrants . 
  all the while being the first beneficiary of eu funds , defending coal industries , buying american weapons and sabotaging french weapons deals . 
  i 'm glad that macron is not consensual with poland . 
  your governement is cancer and i ca n't wait until they are out of power . 
  i believe this can have a negative impact on the polish economy on the long term , unwanted pregnancies and teen pregnancies can ruin lives of entire families that were not ready to deal with the financial cost of bringing a baby into their world . 
  executivemonkey has the best one liners . 
  it 's sarcasm . 
  it 's the game editor and the retailer who set the prices together .
