   btw , the arbiter would have no legal power to force either union to do anything , just like the `` open skies agreement '' agreement does n't force its participants to do anything . 
  when you pick an arbiter , it is not so you can go to court after the decision is made . 
  both parties usually agree to give the arbiter 's decision the same force as the law . 
  and if they do not comply , they can seek an exequatur that will usually be granted . 
  i think the us would have to follow an arbitral decision , i 'm pretty sure the convention of new york covers this particular case . 
  it 's serious . 
  the articles does n't go into details , here 's the provisions that are breached : - excessive collection of data : article 6-3 ( of the internet privacy law ... ) : the collected data must be `` adequate , relevant and non-excessive in regard to the reasons for which they are collected and their ulterior treatment '' . 
  there is a fourth level of privacy that is optional in windows named `` s\u00e9curit\u00e9 '' in french which is said to only gather telemetric data that is needed to maintain the safety of the windows appliances , windows server , and the guests with the latest security updates . 
  if there is a level in which you only collect the data that is relevant and needed , then , all the other levels breach the provision i wrote earlier because they are not necessary , seems easy really , just make that `` safety '' setting the default one . 
  - breach regarding customer information : if you collect personal data , you must inform the person from which you collected data what you intend to do with it . 
  - gathering data without the consent of the users : this one is a bit complicated . 
  in windows there is a `` let applications use my adveritsing id to exploit their applications '' , and beneath there is a `` activate '' box . 
  so , it is said that the advertising id needs the express consent of the users to be activated but during the first install of windows the id is activated by default , regardless of the chosen configuration . 
  this `` opt-out '' situation is not acceptable because there is no consent from the user in this case . 
  this is not the only problem , there are one or two others that are similar in the same section . 
  - cookies : microsoft completely fucked up . 
  a lot of problems with their cookies . 
  wont go into details , but they ignore every provision there is about cookie regulation . 
  - safety issues : it 's not that a pin code is not satisfying , it 's more about the fact that you can enter 4 times the same number ( 0000 ) , that there are not enough mechanisms in place to punish someone who would try to unlawfully access your computer ( the authentification should be blocked for a period of time after several consecutive failed attempts ) . 
  - you ca n't use an automatic treatment to deprive the user of a contractual right without permission . 
  the permission is easy to obtain . 
  - eu law : short version means that eu personal data that is collected by windows ca n't be transfered to the usa because their legislation is lacking when it comes to privacy . 
  everything seems reasonable to me . 
  is it really consensual if the consumer has the choice between not using a monopolistic product and forfeiting his right to privacy ? 
  and in any case , private contracts will never supercede the rule of law when public policy provisions are in play . 
  then i want [ b\u00e9hourd ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/videos/video/2016/06/04/les-tournois-de-chevaliers-revisites-en-sport-de-combat-en-armure_4935474_1669088.html ) too !, 
  we have a chart called the cnil that is a law specifically designed to protect civil liberties and privacy online . 
  it 's basically consumer rights . 
  not our fault if some companies do n't read it . 
  at first it 's a warning `` hey , that clause is illegal , we advice you do this and that to fix the problem '' , and then it 's a fee , and if the problem is n't fixed , the tribunal might transform it into an `` astreinte '' , which would be said fee , repeated for every day during which the problem persists . 
  there are no countries in nato that are not democracies . 
  saudi arabia is an ally of the us , but is not part of nato . 
  i foresee a similar future for turkey , should erdogan pursue his descent into dictatorship . 
  i do n't see turkey remaining in nato much longer tbh . 
  i doubt it . 
  there is some work being done to modernize our agencies though . 
  it 's better to anticipate an event you can not see in advance by being a bit cautious , nice was not the last terrorist attack . 
  there is no clear cut solution , this is one of the least radical and most sane imho . 
  if thousands of people take to the streets to manifest for example , they become a target . 
  we 're a country at war . 
  it 's maybe time we acknowledge that and stop living like we 're at peace . 
  we ca n't blame the cops and the secret services for not keeping us safe when as a country we do not even take the threat seriously enough . 
  truth is , we must adapt to this new reality . 
  again . 
  islam is part of the problem . 
  but this is generally not the first wave of immigrants that are violent , it 's the second generation . 
  the one that is fed a narrative of injustice , victimization , and the one that had to grow up in less than good environment . 
  it 's all linked . 
  there is a different between north vietnam and south vietnam . 
  the war in vietnam was mostly a civil war . 
  the immigrants we got were fleeing the communists for most of them . 
  they were not trying to recreate the life they had in vietnam , they were embracing the west 's culture . 
  it 's totally different . 
  i think that both are needed . 
  you do n't give examples of guerilla warfare or counter-terrorism , but of times where a clear enemy was identified and willing to fight in the open . 
  even in those conditions , you always had heaps of propaganda and counter propaganda going around . 
  we do not make enough efforts to counter the propaganda of the terrorists ... 
  do i really ? 
  you misinterpret what i said . 
  islam is part of the problem , but what i 'm saying is that beside religion , one must not ignore the sociological and psychological aspects that allow this terrorism to thrive . 
  i 'm anticlerical , but , some people tend to dismiss anything sociological or psychological when analyzing those events despite the fact that they are scientific domains , with scientific methods and despite the fact that they are the heart of isis war machine . 
  no matter how many jihadists we kill , it wont be enough , it 's an idea that needs to be killed , not people , and that ca n't be done without serious work to win back the minds and hearts of the people who are most susceptible to turn to extremism : those who vote in the polls you mention . 
  i do n't think islam in the west is a failed experiment . 
  for years , we were fine , and we still are fine living together to some extent . 
  but now radical and foreign-financed islam has become the latest brand of extremism and attracts fringe people that would have been attracted to anarchism or nazism years ago . 
  this salafism/wahhabism is a special kind of filth that grows on the back of poverty , racism , drug trafficking and propaganda . 
  we need to look at it from a sociological and psychological angle too , because those are weapons that isis learnt to use . 
  we all have a thirst in ourselves for justice , for ideological change , and isis has become very good at exploiting this thrist in muslims who are often buying into conspiracy theories or racist narratives , and convincing them that they are doing the right thing when they perpetrate those attacks . 
  it 's hard to fight against an idea like this and blaming all the muslims will only divide us more and feed this narrative . 
  but yeah , that 's only a part of the problem . 
  there is a chance however , that from the way many muslim practice their faith in peace in europe , a new brand of islam will de facto appear and that the old cronies that try to dictate what is haram and what is not will be told to fuck off rather than just being ignored . 
  to make it clear because i had a lot of answers like yours , it was an illustration , not a counter argument of any kind . 
  it does not stand as a counter argument . 
  personally , i am against circumcision unless it 's medically required . 
  i never said it was n't medical . 
  i doubt that it interests anyone but i was born with a foreskin defect ( it was closed ) , and the doctors cut it up a bit just after my birth . 
  so , yeah , that 's a possibility . 
  we ca n't post news in other languages than english and expect them to be upvoted . 
  it 's not about opinion anymore . 
  when you 're a british person who thinks he 's so special , his country is not european `` unlike swabia '' , you reach a level of retardness that is unfathomable , and thus provokes a deep hatred feeling . 
  some british people are so insecure that all you need to do as a scummy politician is tell them how fucking special snowflakes they are , take their hand and jerk their ego to orgasm , with hints of racism if possible . 
  `` dieu et mon roi '' is fucking chinese probably , the queen has indian roots , quite obviously . 
  the islands of britain get their name from a famous indian chief that conquered the british isles in roughly 50 bc , never did anything in gaul that one , because then britain would have latin roots and influences like the rest of us european countries . 
  britain totally did not participate in the medieval societies in europe , because it did n't have a feudal system like mainland europe , did n't participate in the crusade too , that 's a european thing . 
  same as monks recording knowledge , who needs monks when you have tea ? 
  also did n't have the same religion as us europeans , britain created a competing yet oddly similar product so indistinguishible from the original it could be passed as the same brand really . 
  william the conqueror is so not-european , he probably came from micronesia with his boats and knights , because , britain is not european . 
  ah , and the magna carta did n't influence the neighbors of britain , they were n't really of the same culture and the solutions provided by the text did n't apply to them . 
  that 's why england never claimed the throne of france and the 100 year wars never happened too : incompatible cultures . 
  same for the napoleonic wars , britain was clearly not involved in it . 
  also when the vikings saw how far off the coast of france britain was , they renounced raiding it . 
  spain , portugal , and france and the netherlands had colonial empires , but they are totally different from britain , no , britain was not a european colonial power , not at all . 
  it did n't lead the industrial revolution and competed with its german and french neighbors , because well , that 's a european thing , and they are totally different from them continentals . 
  same as ww1 , i mean , if britain had been european they 'd probably guarantee the independence of belgium or something , but as non-european great powers , they just kept an eye on how things evolved , i mean , britain , involved in continental politics ? 
  preposterous !, 
  when hitler arrived at the channel , he was happy and could turn around , because he had succesfully conquered all of europe , and there was no great power in proximity that could jeopardize his ambitions , and maybe , but that 's unthinkable , could be used as a basis to launch a coastal invasion . 
  anyhow just because you drink tea and drive on the different side of the road does n't mean you 're not fucking european . 
  the irish and the scots get it , why does n't england . 
  the only kind of special that would apply to a person that thinks britain is not part of europe is when the word is used as an euphemism for mentally deficient . 
  if farage told you to build nuclear-powered reactors to move up the islands of great britain next to new york , i bet you 'd follow him blindly .
