  the uk is a big country , and even though london and the financial city is its major asset , there is more to that country than just london . 
  i do n't think the uk is going to fall behind soon , only time will tell , and nobody can predict accurately what will happen in the years to come when it is about that circus that is the brexit negociation , that has n't even started yet . 
  i agree with you that regions like rural wales are going to feel the draught of eu funding one way or another , and london will not , or not as visibly . 
  deterrence would be key . 
  also you do n't need to watch it at normal speed . 
  you can go 32x the speed and notice something fucked up easily . 
  i think that 's the kind of stuff that can routinely be done alongside a sanitary services inspection . 
  that map is wrong . 
  there are no us bases on french soil . 
  what is the problem with `` vive la france '' ? 
  italian politicans never say `` viva l'italia '' ? 
  the original music is `` our house '' by `` madness '' . 
  m\u00e9lenchon * and it 's not a complete non-sense that the biggest party on the left goes through the process of the primaries and chose a candidate to support with the full weight of their propaganda machine . 
  there will be much more than 4 candidates . 
  dupont aignant for one will take a few percents off marine le pen , you 're going to have eelv ( yannick jadot ) , bayrou ... 
  it went as far as changing the name of the years , days , months , and newborn babies name ( which were `` calendar '' name ) to non-religious republican names . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_republican_calendar http://www.cenelle.fr/prenoms-revolutionnaires/paray.htm, 
  paris is such a big city ... of course there is crime in it . 
  there 's always been , and it might have been more prevalent back then , the city was much more dense with people and there was more organized crime . 
  i 'm not sure it 's tokenism . 
  i do n't support the fn but you ca n't deny that only fringe-members hate gays or are hardcore catholics . 
  the oas-supporters and hardcore liberal catholics that once made the core of the party ( under her father ) are long dead now . 
  it 's missing a legend no ? 
  or maybe it 's just the obvious and appropriate reaction . 
  if you are n't staying in the eu , you are n't staying in the common market . 
  scotland 's regional governement ca n't negotiate for the whole of the uk , they would be able to negotiate for scotland , would they be independent , which wont happen , so `` get lost '' is the appopriate message to send . 
  what he tried to explain was that the roman gave the name `` provincia '' to this region , as it was the roman first colony outside of italy , the first roman `` province '' , which later gave the name provence to that territory . 
  provence and province are two different things , with the same semantic root and it was a fun fact to point that out . 
  moreover , the russian federation is an important member of the echr and you ca n't be a member of that organization if you have the death penalty . 
  it 's both . 
  le pen even less than fillon maybe . 
  if fillon is elected , there is no doubt about who the most russophile european country will be . 
  i personally think that we should praise our education system for assimilating immigrants ' children with success now and in the past . 
  but when you say that france was built by foreigners and their offsprings , it 's a big exageration . 
  immigration in france was extremely insignificant until the 50 's . 
  italian and polish immigration have nothing in common with muslim immigration , and we ca n't just brush under the carpet the social issues that this immigration cause with empty stereotypes . 
  our school system is not good enough anymore . 
  the only political leader that adresses these problem is mlp , and she does it both negatively and with a total disregard for human dignity but massively profits from the immobilism of the two main parties on this issue . 
  let 's not overestimate the impact of foreigners and immigrants on our history just to make an ideological point . 
  it 's just as populist as what mlp does . 
  could be coffee , could be chestnut or even fig , could be many things that are not feces . 
  let 's not be pessimistic here . 
  somehow a dark age cake sounds tasty . 
  i had a cat who was a big fuzzy killing machine . 
  extremely big , like 6kg , but no fat , all muscle . 
  he would bring back rats , mouses , any bird he could , bats , even rabbits . 
  he 'd kill anything for fun , he was properly fed , but it was n't about feeding himself , it was about the thrill of the hunt . 
  at the time i was living in the countryside in a semi-rural area . 
  i think you overestimate how the manif pour tous represents the catholics . 
  it does n't really . 
  the all-rotten attitude is n't what got her elected where i live . 
  sure , it 's part of the package , but it 's not her main policy . 
  you ca n't run for president and at the same time aim to destroy the very system you want to control . 
  a second turn between le pen and jupp\u00e9 would have been easier to swallow for disappointed socialists than a second turn between le pen and fillon . 
  same thing on the left , the more centrist the left candidate is , the more chances there are that lr voters would vote for the leftist candidate instead of mlp . 
  because the french politics do not abide by the anglo-american conservative/liberal dichotomy . 
  le pen father was very liberal in the economical sense though . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  people might not see it but fillon winning the primary is the best thing that could have happened to le pen . 
  see , fillon is a hardcore ultra liberal . 
  france is a free-market capitalist country obviously ( despite the non-sense we read here sometimes just thought i 'd clarify that ) ... but if we get fillon , he 'll bankrupt our public schools , our social security services , our healthcare services ... he also went on record and said that he would rather have people working with low wages in terrible conditions rather than have them live in decent conditions thanks to generous welfare . 
  marine le pen , for all her flaws , is very much in favor of all those institutions that a lot of french people are attached to : public schools , public healthcare ( that 's the solidarity in our motto ) ... and even pushes for more economical protectionism that the eu single market currently forbids while the rest of the world fucks us with ( china , brazil , the us , y' all have protectionistic measures we ca n't use here in europe ) . 
  and i 'm not even talking about immigrants . 
  even without the immigrants , she now has the upper hand imho . 
  guess we 'll have to see who the ps candidate is going to be . 
  sort of yes . 
  all i 'm saying is that a language is more than just a code , it 's what make a culture alive . 
  i disagree with both of you actually . 
  learning a language in highschool is not about learning a practical skill . 
  most people who go to high school never get into situations in which they have to use english in france . 
  most of the people i grew up with in highschool did n't go to college . 
  learning a language is about the culture . 
  it 's a window through yourself and towards a foreign country . 
  you get it when you talk about accessing entertainement media , but it 's not about that only , getting access to entertainement media is just the pursuit of a larger goal which is to understand the country 's culture like a native would . 
  or at least get a glimpse of it . 
  so sure , you can get practical courses for an engineer or a lawyer , but these are specialized , they are not what you do in highschool , when you are supposed to learn more about the world and yourself . 
  conne quite literally means cunt . 
  con / conne = the female reproductive organ . 
  `` la con de ta m\u00e8re '' = `` la concha de tu madre '' = `` your mother 's cunt '' . 
  political cartoons with stuff written on it to explain them are extremely silly . 
  and in bad taste . $ even the last one , do you really have to write `` white house '' on it ? 
  exporting shit products is just bad for the brand and people will stop buying it eventually . 
  exporting expired meat with salmonella is criminal , i hope whoever decided on this ends up in jail in croatia . 
  and foie gras ? 
  ~ ~ dude , we do not allow gay adoptions in france . ~ ~ nvm , we do . 
  but we do not allow surrogacy . 
  taubira has no chance . 
  she 's unelectable . 
  she might present herself , she did in 2002 for the far left , but she did n't get a lot of votes . 
  she has a good side , but she 's certainly not a people person and her tenure as garde des sceaux was a disaster , at least for her image . 
  even on the left , she 's fringe . 
  i thought it was good for a dog to grow up with the sheeps so he would feel connected to them and protect them ? 
  like the patou in the pyreneans !!, 
  french military jet . 
  and dunkirk . 
  your statement is factually wrong . 
  we are more exotic than some other countries with other street names . 
  french catalog of netflix is rather crap , except for netflix productions . 
  but i doubt that many people who are really into narcos also really like orange is the new black . 
  they have like no interesting movies though .
