  beside the percieved resentment for the colonial past of france , it 's hard to become french and be muslim at the same time , some do it , but they always abandon a part of their religious identity doing it , like a modern christian would , they pick what they like and reject some of it when it does n't fit their view of the world . 
  the quran is not necessarily built that way , and even if you disagree with the latest parts ( chronologically ) which are more violent , it is said that the quran is a text that comes directly from god , and therefore a muslim is not supposed to be selective about what he likes in it or not . 
  the muslims i know who fit in share the laicity views , but they go against some core principles of islam ( to quote one my friend , `` this is n't alcohol , it 's written jack daniel 's on the bottle '' ) . 
  this is not a nation problem . 
  this is a religious problem . 
  my take on it is that there is no such thing as an algerian who would n't be able to fit in france , because algeria was france . 
  i mean , sure , colonialism was bad , but there was no nation in algeria before the french , we fought two world wars together and algeria is irreversibly marked with french culture , the same way the gauls were marked by the romans . 
  we built infrastructures , schools , the death rate of newborns dropped significantly and the population boomed through agricultural progress . 
  i 'm not minimizing the fact that oppressing the algerians was terribly wrong and this was n't meant to be . 
  all i 'm saying , is that structurally , the algerian and french nations have close ties , and therefore , the social problems regarding this community can only be explained by another aspect of our duality , which is religion , race being irrelevant , i can not stress this enough . 
  there are a lot of chinese in paris , and they do n't feel discriminated against , and white people dont walk around in nazi uniform pretending to be white supremacist . 
  france is a country that is a lot less segregated than the us , and i speak from experience . 
  i would like to adress some parts of the article that are blatantly misleading . 
  most notably on the ecomonic discrimination , poverty , and racism . 
  i 'm not denying the fact that muslims in france are victims of racism , it is true , but there are different kinds of racism . 
  this is not about a superior race . 
  to some people , criticizing islam is de facto racist , while as an anticlerical person , i do n't feel that way at all , but some organizations will count in their statistics any critic of islam a racist attack . 
  another thing i would add is that the racism that most black and arab people in france are victim of is more institutionalized , it 's harder to get a certain job or a certain real state when you name is sounding arabic , and cops will indeed be on your ass way more than if you were white , which is not necessarily a bad thing because the traffic of drugs coming from south america , africa and middle-east is controlled mainly by muslims who have connexions in maghreb . 
  the port of marseille is a huge drug hub with a mafia and petty crimes alike , sure it sucks to be put in the same bag as drug dealers , but it is not motivated by racism , just plain logic . 
  but and that should n't be forgotten , those communities are really violent towards white people and asian people while not being as violent against their own people , arab people do n't mug other arabs . 
  also , they are not the poorest of france , nor are they social outcasts . 
  the public institutions invest more in those part of france than almost anywhere else . 
  plus , and that should n't be underestimated , on top of the regular activities , the illegal activities do boost the local economies and it is not registered in the statistics . 
  the poorest parts of france are not in seine saint denis or the marseille north banlieues , they are rural , and mainly white populated departments where the industry is dead , and the agricultural economy is struggling against the big supermarkets and the international competition . 
  and as far as i know , they do n't burn cars . 
  this proves my point that once you take out the national , economic , and race points of contention , all is left is religion . 
  to answer the title question . 
  muslims will never be foreigners in france , but islam as it is now is very foreign to french values . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vr-sadvqpyi - mozart - die zauberfl\u00f6te aria ` der h\u00f6lle rache ' http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4nam3ribg5k - rammstein - amerika http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=accziue8qwc - rammstein - fr\u00fchling in paris http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkwhhtxmwbi - serge gainsbourg - initials bb http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrlwo2qosh4 - shaka ponk - palabra mi amor http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efmjo9ve8p4 - l'amour \u00e0 la fran\u00e7aise - fatals picards ( they are singing in french and a bit of english with a strong english accent for humorous purposes , they did an eurovision and lost hard with that song iirc ) . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo_ph9gqjww - umberto tozzi and monica belluci - ti amo . 
  just because it is ( was ? ), 
  really popular in france . 
  there are a few italian artists like that http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmsbp13xu6k - mr oizo - `` flat beat '' . 
  lyricless electrosong , got popular worldwide , but mostly in europe http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj9q7n5e25c - red army choir - kalinka https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ukuxixk4aga - celtic woman - vilvaldi 's rain https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zyhryis509a - aqua - barbie girl, 
  leave the eurozone and have a sovereign monetary policy is a start . 
  a ) so what are you going to do about it ? 
  b ) buy french equipment and not f-16 's . 
  so let the french sell equipment to whoever they want . 
  c ) the russian federation is still an ally , this is not a cold war , and ukraine is not part of the european union . 
  d ) if you consider the big picture , two ships are n't going to change much , there simply wont be a war , and this sale is crucial for our industry . 
  e ) if we had to cut alliances with allies everytime they invade a country without due justification , we would have cut all diplomatic ties with the usa in 2003 . 
  so for anyone not familiar with the french system , only representative electors vote in this election . 
  those electors are mostly rural and right-leaning town councillors , french demographic landscape being what it is with numerous small villages . 
  a few years ago people would even say that structurally , the senate could never be socialist , but it happened , and now it has been undone . 
  now , it 's not a big deal that the fn will have a few senators in the upper chamber of our legislature . 
  it 's even good for democracy and plurality . 
  the big deal is that the senate is n't pink ( = socialist ) anymore , which means that hollande presidency just got a lot more complicated , as this situation where the lower chamber 's majority is socialist and the higher chamber is ump means that passing new legislations and reforms will be harder . 
  except this humorous sketch does n't poke at russia or ukraine at all , the target is german reporters in particular and the medias in general who sensationalize everything and publish nuance less , emotion-driven articles at the cost of integrity . 
  i really liked it and i wish there were more videos like this one . 
  oh yeah it 's true . 
  but you wont find anybody selling horse meat , frog thighs , or farm pigeon in the uk or germany ( unless i 'm mistaken ) . 
  i 'll try to give my 2cents . 
  for france : - everybody i know buy baguettes everyday . 
  and i would n't consider a restaurant good if they did n't serve bread . 
  - i do like croissants and pains au chocolat in the morning . 
  still have to find someone that does n't . 
  milk and corn flakes is really popular too . 
  - i like wine . 
  when i was younger , people favored stronger alcohol for parties , but now most people around my age buy wine , even at lunch sometimes . 
  - french people do like to protest when they disagree with governement policies . 
  - we 're not rude with strangers , but we have different manners . 
  my theory is that the `` vous/tu '' distinction really modify the way we interact with strangers , whereas in other countries it may not be as pronounced . 
  so yeah , we 're sort of rude . 
  - i like snails . 
  i also like farm pigeons , frog thighs and horse meat . 
  - i did n't realize how sophisticated and self-conscious most french girls were until i went to the us where the dress code is more relaxed . 
  the echr forbids that a member would extradite someone in a country where the death penalty would be applicable to him or her . 
  i guess that life prison sentences are not bad in themselves , but they extended this jurisprudence to life sentences without possibility of release , which is a quite lenient development . 
  not sure it will last . 
  actually , the relations between france and wallonia are really different than the one between the netherlands and flanders . 
  you point out the biggest difference , most french would basically consider the wallonian their own . 
  all the polls done on the topic indicate that a majority of french people would welcome the wallonians as fellow french citizens , and that rating is even higher in the region bordering belgium . 
  it 's a good question . 
  there are partisan of an independant wallonia . 
  my humble and controversial opinion is that wallonia has next to no national identity and is dependent economically on flanders . 
  it has an identity , but it is no basis to build a nation upon . 
  i would argue there are less differences between a belgian from waterloo and a french from lille , than a french from lille and a french from britanny , it 's more a regionalism thing . 
  i do n't think wallonia can survive as an independent entity . 
  a few years ago , the political crisis lead to this question being asked because as much as belgium is sovereign , it is a dysfunctional country where two population of two different cultures have a hard time living together . 
  besides the eu is completely inefficient when it comes to foreign politics . 
  paris would care about 5 millions belgian if they become french citizen , that 's the basis of a nation to look after its citizen interest with solidarity , a trait that is lacking ( i 'm not judgmental , just observant ) when you look at the relations between wallonia and flanders , whenever one part of the country is richer than the other , it seeks independence or control over the other part . 
  also if you look at it with less romanticism , it 's a whole bunch of electors . 
  would such a move be done , all signs would indicate that belgian people would legally be treated as french nationals with a special status , much like what happens in alsace-lorraine , or what you can see in our overseas territories . 
  those nationals have special treatment , and some of the laws that applies to them are the laws are different than the rest of france because they consider the german rules were more appropriate ( separation of church and state is different in alsace ) , or they are motivated by particular issues of local importance ( real estate laws are different in overseas territories ) . 
  for the belgian , that would probably mean that they 'd keep their more favorable tax laws , amongst other things . 
  you think flanders would be happy to join the netherlands ? 
  also , i do n't believe in a european capital district . 
  on paper it would be a good idea , but i 'm not sure that 's what the inhabitants want . 
  * on the contrary , it 's a true victory for marine le pen ( mlp ) . 
  she was elected in the european parliament by citizens who wanted things to change , notably more transparency and public debates in an institution that is percieved - and rightfully so - as not very democratic . 
  by raising this issue and taking this stance , she honors her campaign promises and does what the ump or the ps do not , or are afraid to . 
  she places herself and her party at the center of the political debate . 
  whether you vote for her or not , you have to admit it 's a smart move , and moreover useful , because we need more information on the ttip content . 
  * the european union is n't the most popular thing right now in france , this ttip is going to have an impact on everybody 's life in france . 
  from there , either we consider that the citizens do n't know their best interest , which is extremely arrogant and dangerous in a time and place where democracy is in crisis and seen with cynicism by the french people , or we do not hesitate to put forward a public debate on an important topic which will have an impact on our country . 
  but that 's not something the eu wants , hence the motion being quashed . 
  * this is not a defeat , it 's a checkmate . 
  it will only be important if the issue is raised in the news by the medias . 
  i agree with you on most if not all your points , especially when you say that learning another language in a great experience that broaden horizons . 
  all of that is true .
