  i guess sometimes , people think time arguing with those people is some time lost forever that could have been used to do something more useful instead . 
  no point in shutting down people who already make fools of themselves ... it 's part of freedom of speech anyway . 
  charlie hebdo gets off on being abrasive and insulting . 
  they are militant atheists , antiracists , and they have no taboos , it 's an obvious clash with pc addicts , who quite ironically are often from the ( anglo-saxon ) left . 
  thing is , tafta is not that hot of a topic here . 
  i 'm not sure constituents care about it , to me it 's more aimed towards germany , he 'll meet with his german counterpart today or tomorrow i believe . 
  he does n't seem very populistic either . 
  i tend to believe him , but as you say , one must remain critical and as long as the negotiations are n't public , we do n't really know what 's going on there . 
  it must be noted that he had both fabius ( foreign relations ministry ) and hollande 's assent for this interview , so it 's not totally his initiative . 
  interesting bits ( i translated these parts myself , and i 'm not a translator , forgive me for any mistakes ) ** who is the interviewee , matthias fekl ? 
  ** he is the french secretary of state responsible for external trade . 
  * ** what is problematic regarding the ongoing negociations ? 
  ** there is too much asymetry , not enough reciprocity . 
  europe multipled offers , on each and every topics , and recieved in return barely any serious offer from the americans . 
  neither regarding the access to their public markets , nor regarding the access to agricultural and food-related markets , who remain closed . 
  this is there an essential topic for france . 
  furthermore , we do not feel from the american side any consideration regarding our wishes about services , or the problem regarding private tribunals arbitration , about which france made very aggressive propositions that the european commission widely adopted during the negociations . 
  these negociations must absolutely grant our small and medium sized ( pme ) businesses and our farmers access to the american market . 
  * ** about this , the problematic non-acknowledgement on the other side of the atlantic of the geographical origins ... ** this is what we call , with st\u00e9phane le foll , the `` diplomatie des terroirs '' ( ndr : `` local products diplomacy '' ) . 
  when china recognize , for example , the geographical idnication bordeaux ( ndr : for vineyards ) , and all the related ones in the greater south-west , this is a huge boost for us and a diplomatic victory for those territories . 
  ( ndr : the us economy is very brand-related and europe as well , but here we have a lot of `` labels '' related to the geographical origins of some products , for regions where some products have a certain reputation , for example , wallonian beer , parma bacon , bordeaux wine , swiss cheese . 
  it 's not only about france and it 's mostly food-related for example , if you produce some mustard and you want to claim it 's from dijon , there are controls to make sure that the mustard in question is indeed from the dijon area and follows some strict procedure , this regulation make any american-made product labeled , mustard `` dijon-style '' unsellable as such on the eu market for example . 
  the difference is very obvious when looking at wine bottles from california and france . 
  the first thing you see on a french wine bottle is often it 's geographical origin ) . 
  * ** would you be ready to put the negociations to a definitive halt if no progress is achieved ? 
  ** if the situation does n't evolve , this will show that there is no will to obtain mutually beneficial negociations . 
  and , these negociations are not moving forward , and where they are moving forward , this is not in the right way . 
  france is considering all its options , including putting a definitive halt to the negociations , pure and simple . 
  * ** the crux of the problem is that it is n't france negotiating , but europe . 
  are you dissatisfied with the work of the european negociator ? 
  ** we must act like we did regarding the international permanent court in matters of investment . 
  i was the one to propose , a year ago , to put an end to private arbitration which are scandalously undemocratic . 
  at the time , not many people believed in it , and there was strong resilience from both brussels and paris . 
  today , the french proposals are at the heart of the debate . 
  we must lead the same type of voluntaristic actions on all the topics at hand . 
  if we have a well-prepared and negociated project between europeans and if we carry it with determination , we can talk as equals with the americans . 
  ** how would you prevent new judiciary cases like bnp paribas ' for french compagnies that wish to trade with iran ? 
  is it one of the issue of the negociations ? 
  ** not directly , but extraterritoriality causes the fundamental problem of the respect of international law . 
  one state , which ever it may be , can not impose its norms to the rest of the world . 
  commercial policy must be a tool for europe to carry its vision forward . 
  ** actually , you want to turn the page on thirty years of liberal globalization . 
  is n't it paradoxal when negociating with the americans ? 
  ** americans are our partners and allies , but one must not be naive . 
  they know how to sell economical liberalism for others while not applying it to themselves . 
  in europe , many people tend to recite the liberal dogma in a blissful manner , without seeing that nobody is actually applying it . 
  this is a fight that my political generation must lead : to write a new page of public action and rely on other schools of thought than just economical liberalism . 
  make sure that both the citizens and the public power at the national and international levels take the upper hand over thirty years of deregulation . 
  here is the biggest challenge of the 21st century . 
  some people forget it was the second irak war . 
  some people also forget that saddam 's army came from us military aid provided to fight against iran . 
  liberals and conservative is an american dichotomy that does n't apply to the french political spectrum . 
  your problems are n't our problems , and your democracy is n't ours ( yet ) . 
  le pen is probably somewhat more on the left than clinton on a huge list of important topics . 
  also , the white suburbs are an american thing . 
  same for the problematics . 
  jupp\u00e9 could very well be our clinton . 
  so , in order for russia to invade the baltics we would need : 1 ) a reformed russian army , because right now , their projection power is a bit shit . 
  with a russian general willing to use tactical nukes ... 2 ) a nato collapse . 
  france , germany , the us , the uk , poland , spain , italy , belgium , sweden and all the countries with decent armies are now on their own and gave up on the baltics . 
  3 ) marine le pen is elected in france , 5stars in italy , ect ... 
  it reads like science-fiction to me . 
  then again so did trump becoming president . 
  russia attacking a nato and eu member do n't make any sense . 
  it 's never going to happen . 
  there is nothing to worry about in the east . 
  maybe if a guy crazier than putin is elected ... but even if a war happens , even without the us , even if we do not consider the nuclear apocalypse deterrence , i doubt the conventional russian army could conquer the baltics , let alone all of eastern europe . 
  it 's a serious problem . 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  nitrates are a real environmental catastrophe . 
  britanny is beyond fucked with nitrate because of the intensive pork farms . 
  some parts of the littoral looks like pure garbage . 
  even in the med in some places , like tunisia , you 'll find shores covered in green toxic algae that sticks to your skin because of nitrate . 
  that 's disgusting , smells gross , bad for tourism and bad for the ocean . 
  you also have to take into account the fact that the french also have carribean islands , that they did n't sell weapons to venezuela , and that there is a big military base used for the training in jungle warfare of the foreign legion in french guyana . 
  i mean , that seems weird to me that venezuela could attempt to target the netherlands like that , i expect the dutch army alone to be able to deal with them . 
  i 'm not even sure the european union mutual defence agreement was there when thatcher was in power . 
  it was maybe after the aue ? 
  and thatcher is a cunt . 
  that being said , the eu also has a mutual defence pact in itself meaning that allies such as france or great britain could be called upon to intervene . 
  one of the most iconic french dish is `` blanquette de veau '' . 
  it requires some effort , but it 's well worth it . 
  this recipe looks appropriate : http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/cafe-bouluds-blanquette-de-veau-103000, 
  my sister spent 2 weeks in qu\u00e9bec and she caught on the accents . 
  she catches the accent really fast everywhere she goes , it 's crazy . 
  some people are like that . 
  that view from the convent . 
  this is what i wish heaven would look like . 
  where i live people can guess where you 're from depending on your accent , some cities like s\u00e8te or b\u00e9ziers have specific accents even if they are less than 30 klm apart . 
  while a lot of people had an accent in high school and even more in elementary school for me , not many had one at university . 
  i never caught the southern accent despite living my whole life here , but growing up , i was the only kid without it ... so i was the one with the accent :p . i hate it when parisians make southern accents when they want to sound stupid . 
  it happens a lot on tv . 
  fernandel said it best : an accent is like a piece of home you bring everywhere with you . 
  it 's not something to be ashamed of . 
  i 'd thought it would be completely irrelevant actually . 
  there are more important things that would contribute to the mass shooting phenomenon than work hours . 
  you could even say the contrary , that longer work hours do not alienate the workers but improve on the social fabric necessary for them to be part of society ... we can all write bullshit here . 
  i was talking about the odysseum :p . 
  i 'll give you a more positive view on the region . 
  occitanie used to be two regions , the south-west that we also called `` midi '' , and the languedoc-roussillon , which was a coastal province and the french part of catalona , called roussillon .
