  i would have linked the times article , but it 's behind a paywall . 
  okay it 's all fine on paper , but most eu countries do n't have global strategies . 
  as a matter of fact , only 2 countries in the eu have global projection capacity and use it , france , and the uk . 
  germany will never send troops to fight boko haram and aqmi in north africa , and our allies who will , the us but more importantly britain , will not want to have an integrated army with the eu . 
  we have a very close navy collaboration with the uk and the efforts to build and finance aircraft carriers together have also been aborted by the french side , meaning that despite this long-lasting collaboration , it 's not perfect , and they are closer than any other eu country to us , military wise . 
  and even with the brits we have our differences , we would n't go to iraq , and they did . 
  the uk and france have bases all over the world and can probably intervene military within 24 to 42 hours anywhere on the globe . 
  germany on the other side follows a strict defensive military doctrine , and they wont use the bundeswher for international intervention , effectively meaning that unless the russians invade , any army which germany has some control over will not be used , and let 's not be silly , the russians wont invade . 
  russia might be a threat , but most ex-soviet countries will never agree to send troops in africa and the middle-east for peace-keeping or preventing terrorists invasions of former western european colonies and protectorates . 
  which is exactly where the uk and france spend their military budget and why they need strong navies and aircraft fleets . 
  italy , portugal , and spain might want to reinforce their navies and military patrols in the med to fight the drug dealers , the illegal migrant smugglers and human traffickers , and i do n't see countries that are nowhere near the med agree to finance such projects . 
  and vice versa , what does portugal care about russia ? 
  and then you have more countries than you think who are totally neutral and will not undertake any form of military action under any possible circumstance . 
  ireland is just like switzerland in this manner . 
  also i do n't see france going for that unless there are some guarantees that this will benefit the french military industry over the us military industry , which is far fetched . 
  all in all , i can only see islands of interests within the eu . 
  collaboration could happen between these , but i do n't believe in a common army , under a common uniform as one of the interviewee said . 
  on paper people want it , but they do n't want to actually fight other european countries ' wars . 
  forbidden by the constitution , for obvious reasons . 
  eu 's foreign affairs and security chief can choke on a chode with such populism and ignorance . 
  we reinstated blasphemy in a different fashion anyway . 
  you can put a lot of shit under `` islamophobia '' . 
  a kid got sentenced for burning a quran and pissing on it on dailymotion i believe , another for putting bacon on muslim tumbs in a cemetary . 
  these are hateful acts , but harmless . 
  but they are blasphemy . 
  when you read the article , it 's almost comical , the writer speaks of `` crusades '' , that he is a dangerous extremist . 
  it 's just slice of bacon on a tumb , wtf , just remove them and go on with your merry day . 
  they even used dna to find the guy , a retired soldier !, 
  when someone broke into my appartment and stole my shit a few years ago , they did n't put half of the efforts they did to find the bacon bandit . 
  it 's posturing , i do n't deny that at all . 
  he knows very well what 's going to happen , but well , you know , he 's a socialist , or at least he has to appear as one to a part of the people who elected him and the left fringe of his party . 
  to me it 's more a matter of the rest of the eurozone calling tsipras on his bluff . 
  i 'm pretty sure he was ready to have the referendum canceled as soon as the eurozone would start negotiating again , but merkel basically said `` you want the referendum , let 's have it '' . 
  fact is , i 'm afraid greece will leave both the eu and the $ when the no will win , and tsipras is a man between a national hammer and an european anvil , he has no cards left to play . 
  my humble opinion is that hollande knows this and is trying to salvage the political union ( and it wont work ) with greece and the rest of the eu , but most other partners are rightfully fed up with tsipras . 
  countries like latvia and lithuania have a way lower gdp per capita than greece , they just arrived in the eurozone , and they already have to pick up the tab for a richer neighbor , no representative could stand its ground in the next elections in these countries if they were inclined to open negotiations with tsipras again . 
  a grexit would n't affect the eurozone citizens too much , because the costs will be spread over 40 years , but it would have direct effects on the debt of the countries of the eurozone . 
  all in all , it proves one thing . 
  you ca n't have a monetary union if you do n't have a proper fiscal union or fiscal oversight . 
  now that the damage is done , maybe it 's time to work on that project which should have been done right after maastricht . 
  my own interpretation : more like a paraphilia developed by watching comics with animals that have humanoid aspects during puberty , like uncle scrooge you know ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lth7l-dhhzq this never fails to make me laugh . 
  if only we would withdraw from nato ... 
  if it were me , i would relocate the us embassy which they used for spying in corsica or vesoul . 
  i would extend an invitation to both assange and snowden for asylum and citizenship , and i would put a definitive halt to ttip negotiations as far as france is concerned . 
  who needs russian spies when you have us allies ? 
  it 's a good thing . 
  you should n't judge a politician by its etiquette only and reject all the ideas that are not coming from the parties you 'd vote for , different issues call for different solutions and you might find yourself agreeing with politicians from parties you do n't particularly support on certain issues . 
  oh well , for me , it 's just a nice day . 
  i wake up , everybody wishes me `` happy name day '' , and that 's it . 
  then i maybe get an extra pain au chocolat in the morning . 
  you could say the same about birthdays : `` yay i survived another full orbit around the sun on earth '' . 
  while there is no doubt russia dominated the ussr , the victories of the soviet union are part of both russia 's history and its communist allied countries , and the countries that formed the ussr . 
  `` your citizens voted '' : no . 
  nobody voted on nato issues , we voted for a president who unilaterally decided to include the country 's military into nato integrated command at a time where some serious social troubles were happening , so it was never debated . 
  as i said nato is not popular by any mean and this decision has been criticized . 
  i 'm pretty certain hollande promised to come back on it , at least many candidates did . 
  you polarize too much the issue , and you bring emotions with `` sons and friends in our military '' . 
  it 's so moving , i almost want to press f to pay my respects . 
  like seriously , what the fuck , everything has to be a war for you , either you 're with the us or against freedom ? 
  the fuck does this `` honorable sort of people come from '' , come down your high horse , usa 's reputation has been in the shitters since the end of ww2 , you live in a propaganda filled bubble , so you may not realize it , but the us is not a moral compass to the world or a beacon of freedom shining in a black sea communism , and it never has been . 
  anyway , if russia invades a baltic country , let 's say estonia . 
  military reaction by nato will not be affected by the fact that an obscure poll demonstrated that a relatively small majority of the french total population were against nato . 
  you also forget about nuclear deterrence and all that crap . 
  both the uk and france have nuclear warheads , and they do n't need nato to use them . 
  you do n't need 3000 nuclear bombs to destroy the planet , 1 would do . 
  and there are other treaties than nato that guarantee the territorial integrity of european countries . 
  and finally because i feel like clarifying things : nato is nothing but a us toy and the main obstacle to a european army within the frame of the eu . 
  countries like the uk have made sure of that and anybody who has studied the european treaties and the development of the eu knows that . 
  also , you did n't raise the subject , but i see it upvoted enough to bring it myself , the us does not pay for european healthcare by having military bases in europe . 
  that 's not how this work , or any of this work for that matter , countries have parliaments , in which they decide of their budgets , and this is the kind of representatives you have : http://i.imgur.com/cwnlgrp.jpg . 
  you talk about this as if countries were individuals . 
  i 'm not talking about countries being forced to join a war , more about the effect of a questionnable war involving most nato members on the public perception of the treaty . 
  exactly !, 
  under sarkozy ( or hollande for that matter ) , france would probably have joined the coallition in the second iraqi war . 
  i do n't believe it 's about this . 
  i believe it 's more about iraq and not being able to control your own armies in the integrated command of nato . 
  the decision of sarkozy in 09 has been heavily criticized . 
  i 'm really surprised by the results of this survey , but then again , nato is really unpopular here . 
  besides russia , i 'd say the uk , france , serbia and hungary in no particular order . 
  i wont lie . 
  when i wrote this comment i was . 
  in retrospective , i should n't have been . 
  still , beside the attack on brussels , i stand by my opinion . 
  napol\u00e9on was a great man , greatest than any of his contemporaries , and he did a lot to advance the cause of the peoples of europe . 
  it 's just bad taste from belgium , but it 's not that big of a deal . 
  i just do n't understand the propaganda that both display napol\u00e9on as a bloodthirsty dictator and waterloo as a `` european '' victory . 
  after all , once you 've seen brussels , you know that bad taste and belgium goes hand in hand . 
  people will be bitter . 
  barca has got the best offensive trio since ... ever ? 
  all i could think of would be di stefano , puskas , and kopa back in the 50 's who were all at real . 
  this team is just on another level . 
  the worse part is that the rest of the team is fantastic as well , so it 's easy to hate the success of bar\u00e7a . 
  injuries are part of the game too and you could even argue that bar\u00e7a 's coach was clever , doing rotations all through the season to preserve players from injuries , sometimes at the cost of popularity . 
  not necessarily , look at the us north east coast from washington , up to boston , you have a few huge cities , but the trains linking them are sort of slow . 
  america was built around the car , and it 's a model they do n't want to change , even in high pop density areas . 
  car manufacturers and oil companies lobby hard in the us actually , and it 's ingrained in the people 's mentality that owning car is a symbol of individual freedom and they 're not wrong , given the fact that the infrastructures they use were designed around the car . 
  maybe the colors are just too bright , r/france has colors but they are more tame . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jq3ylrrg1bu ( the two main protagonists travel in a truck , which can see in the actual intro theme : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=evxjtdvdal0 ), 
  picture 's hyperlink actually says fromage de t\u00eate ( taken from google `` p\u00e2t\u00e9 de t\u00eate '' , so i do n't know , `` p\u00e2t\u00e9 de t\u00eate '' might be regional .
