  nonetheless my point is beyond morality , whether it 's good or bad , whether it 's beneficial or not to learn a foreign language . 
  without the incentive of necessity , you can not teach a language to a whole nation , and there is no need for that at the moment , so people wont bother . 
  look at england ... without the need to speak anything other than english , they just do n't , and i 'm fine with it , of course a lot of english people might find italian interesting and culturally that would expand their horizons , but let 's face it , they wont learn italian unless it 's for vacations ( so basic italian ) or leisure . 
  now about reporting the news , i do n't think tv is a good medium , they sensationalize everything , find news where there is none because they have to broadcast 24/7 , they appeal more to the feelings than the reason ( the cnn syndrom ) . 
  it surely is detrimental to the quality of the information that is served to the citizen , but i think people are smart enough to add a grain of salt to everything they watch on tv , people here are really skeptical . 
  on the topic of debates i think a big distinction should be made when considering public debates between politicians or representants of the eu ( usually happens in the european parliament ) , and debates that are broadcasted on national tv and aimed at the spectators . 
  the european institutions have really competent translators , while the media have a biased interpretation of the news , and that will never change . 
  to translate is to betray also exists in french , but it 's the next best thing , i reiterate that for me , the best way to deal with the language cultural bias is simply to use competent translators to get the point accross . 
  there is no perfect system , and of all the solutions , the standardization under english is the worst . 
  i 've tried to write that delicately for a moment but i 'm not sure it 's doable . 
  saying that english is the only english of the european public is extremely arrogant when you read it from a french person perspective . 
  some of our politicians can speak a decent english , but nuances are lost in the translation as niel567 explained it perfectly , and as did you . 
  in france we value our language and are proud of it , we do n't consider english an inferior language , but a more easier one that is often less accurate and nuanced than french . 
  i personally think that outside of england where speakers obviously master the language beautifuly , in the rest europe , the english spoken by the non-native english speakers is rubish , it 's airport english , it 's void of any nuances or sophistication , even a monkey could learn it ( have you ever watched sarkozy speak english ? 
  or even worse , raffarin ? ) . 
  so yeah , i hope other european officials never have to use english , i 'd rather have an hungarian speak a beautiful speech in his native language and let an expert translator that is fluent in both english and hungarian , or even better , hungarian and french , translate it back to me , as accurately as humanly possible . 
  also , i do n't really see what you qualify as `` european public space '' . 
  when you watch some european parliament debates , everybody speaks in their own languages , and they are translated back in everybody 's native language through headsets . 
  french and most europeans do n't really need english ... most of us at least . 
  that 's why we do n't speak it really well , when we 're exposed to american or japanese influence on tv , it 's always dubbed here , and on the internet we 've got big communities and websites so we do n't really need to go outside of the `` french web sphere '' . 
  there is absolutely no need for 90 % of the workers of europe to ever learn to speak more english than a few words , they wont use it in their daily life , and if that pisses off tourists who thinks we should learn english to welcome them better in our own country , so be it . 
  i do n't think a language can be learnt without the necessity to learn it and practice it . 
  bonus : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=orj3wimdhlk, 
  [ england ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuyj5cdqgae ) . 
  the only reason it can only be england is because we 're a lot alike and neighbors . 
  the two countries are two radically different expressions of a greaco-roman capitalistic civilisations . 
  i mean , we value gastronomy and they have beans for breakfast ... 
  celtic druidism for the most part , and then roman polytheism . 
  those 6 were picked for being the 6 members states that started the ceca and later the european community . 
  the uk , parallely , created the efta to rival the eu , and later left it . 
  iceland , norway , liechstenstein and switzerland are still in this organization . 
  those countries are more than decent . 
  i do n't really care about gender inequality . 
  what if some societies just do n't value gender inequality ? 
  i do n't really care about sharia law either . 
  i would adapt to local customs . 
  they might be corrupt democracies , monarchies , or dictatorships , but these are countries at peace with developing economies and room to grow and improve , that 's for sure . 
  i might not be a muslim , but it does n't really matter because these people are more tolerant than you think they are towards white people . 
  also these are countries where people are generally happier in life , both men and women , and the fact they take their religion seriously and take care of their own might be a part of it . 
  we 've lost that here in europe , and that 's why a lot of muslims look down on our society . 
  judging muslim countries according to our definition of women 's rights , corruption , lgbt issues , racism , and all those criterias is a bit dumb . 
  it 's also judging your culture superior to theirs , and what they hold dear in life stupid , which it might very well be , but it 's still an opinion , not a fact , because this is about philosophy not mathematics . 
  do you even stop to realize that you act exactly like the migrants you despise , and dismiss the cultural identity of countries you 've never been as entirely irrelevant because muslim , before even actually trying to grasp the basis of its nature ? 
  in rome , i do as the romans do , and i expect that people who arrive in my coutry act like that too . 
  yes that means , i actually agree with all of what you said , except the part about all muslim countries being shit . 
  those countries are n't all on the same level , but i would n't mind living in any of these . 
  agadir for example , or istanbul , are probably very nice cities . 
  it 's the 6 hours long napol\u00e9on epic biopic . 
  dubbed , not subbed . 
  should be easy to find elsewhere . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjc_drgpkew :d, 
  there are proper restaurants , but there are also a lot of `` brasseries '' . 
  which are just a step down from posh restaurants , they are pretty much everywhere , you just have to walk around a little bit , because they ca n't really afford the same real estate as macdonald 's . 
  looking for a restaurant in a very touristical place is like ordering a coffee on the piazza san marco in venice , it 's going to cost 10 $ , and also probably be shit . 
  french macdonald 's specifity in france in real . 
  macdonald 's is losing marketshares everywhere in the world , except france , where they are doing better than everywhere else . 
  the most profitable location in the world is the macdonald 's on the champs elys\u00e9es too , and now , macdonald 's managers come to france to understand how they do it . 
  french franchises have a bit more freedom than the rest of the world with macdonald 's because when the american giant first came to this country , he opened a few franchises , and 14 ( ! ), 
  of them are still owned by the same and unique person . 
  macdonald 's later made a rule that you could n't own 2 or 3 franchised restaurants , but it was too late , that guy had a lot of power already and could more or less control the franchise in france . 
  so , macdonald 's was tailored to please the french public very accurately . 
  to counter the image of cheap food quality , macdonald 's decided to have his meat and potatoes and lettuce providers mostly be from france and if not belgium or the eu . 
  instead of hamburgers in happy meals now , you can order fruits , and you can also get fruit juices over sodas . 
  the locations have been made more welcoming , because french people like to linger when they eat ( between `` midi et deux '' , literally , noon and 2am ) . 
  so the restaurants were made comfortable , stylish , with colors and free wifi . 
  the free wifi thing is very popular . 
  regarding the content itself , additions blending the american traditional burger and french specific cheeses and meat and sauces were created . 
  tartiflette , roblochon , `` alsacien '' ... also , mcwraps , mccaf\u00e9 , and mcflurries with local candies and additions and other desserts like the `` very parfait '' . 
  you can also order beer with your menu . 
  regarding the labor abuse issues , macdonald 's france has actually created a managing diploma , recognized by the state . 
  this is actually a very good diploma that give true prospects on the job market . 
  so , even if you 're a drop out highschooler , if you work at macdonald , you might start at the bottom , but becoming manager and getting a real education is a distinct possibility . 
  all in all , that 's why they are leader of the market in france , but they are not as cheap as the other versions , a full menu will cost you between 5 and 10 $ . 
  but they are everywhere , you are served fast , and their standards are extremely sure , you get the same thing everywhere . 
  a few weeks ago , there was a thread on the frontpage depicting how walmart failed to start in germany because they wanted to do everything like in the us , macdonald 's fortunately did the total opposit in france . 
  it 's les inrocks anyway . 
  you did n't miss much ( left militants ) . 
  just go full carthage ( which means new city ) and call all your cities `` new city '' . 
  more seriously , i have n't felt like that about the `` new '' thing . 
  on the other hand , there is another example of this in europe that does n't cause any problem . 
  there is a romanian province named moldova , and a country named moldavia ( did i spell them right ? 
  but the libyan army/ghadaffi sympathizers did n't pose a threat at any point in the campaign . 
  civilians losses were minimal , military objectives were met . 
  the fact that the political aftermath was a shitshow is undeniable , but has nothing to do with military capacities . 
  the french army is very capable , and the french navy is both superior to the russian navy and the british navy . 
   and they had difficulty in dealing even with libya ? 
  does guyana count ? 
  okay , well then :( . 
  nothing really mortal . 
  * wild boars * aspic vipers * black widows * red ants * weevers ( a fish for a change ) but we also have some bears , lynxes , wolves in very small number , and they are not dangerous at all . 
  if we count guyana though , we have all sorts of tropical nasty spiders , snakes , cats , and venomous frogs ... 
  left wing terrorism is the most common in europe . 
  unless communists and anarchists are right wing now . 
  almost all the shows in your list are broadcasted in france aswell . 
  really interesting data !, 
  thank you . 
  of course it is , but why ? 
  yeah , but the girls are definitely better looking . 
  [ hercule poirot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agatha_christie's_poirot ) , [ miss marple ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agatha_christie's_marple ) , [ midsommer murders ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0118401/ ) , [ death in paradise ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1888075/ ) and [ grantchester ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3747572/ ) are 5 british crime series that are on french tv , and they are not bad at all . 
  for germany , my favorite one is [ brisgau ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1540108/ ) .
