  i think the best of her movement is behind her now . 
  at this point of the campaign , with the data we have , le pen can not win . 
  she gets in the final 2 but is not popular enough to beat any candidate 1v1 . 
  macron ( independent 23 % ) , fillon ( conservative-liberal 21 % ) and hamon ( socialist 18 % ) all beat marine le pen ( 28 % ) with a 20 % margin in the second turn . 
  those who vote for the `` establishment '' candidate wont vote for her , their second choice will almost never be le pen . 
  the rise of macron is as much a good news as the rise of le pen is a bad news . 
  the u.s could n't start to fuck with poland before they [ `` stole '' ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20161011-french-fury-airbus-poland-helicopter-deal-usa-eu ) france 's weapon deal ? 
  at least iran is going to buy more airbus instead of boeings . 
  well , the more the us shits on eu countries and pushes them away , the more we will unite . 
  ( still it 's a damn shame about those helicopters ), 
  still it 's really impressive when you compare london to paris on google map . 
  but london has 10m + inhabitants , warsaw not even 2m . 
  except the left is trailing behind macron who is independent , even though you get 27 % in the polls when you add the very extreme left ( 2.5 % ) , the extreme left ( 10 % ) , and hamon ( 16/17 % ) . 
  so really , it 's not the right who is divided , it 's the left . 
  so far it looks like this is not going to be their elections . 
  macron is independent and in a face to face with le pen , he wins . 
  if bayrou runs , another centrist candidate who said he would if jupp\u00e9 lost the primaries of lr , he only takes one percent of off macron , and also of off fillon ( credited with a total of 4 % should he run , which is not that much ) . 
  for the first time in the campaign , macron is actually in front of fillon in the polls . 
  http://www.lesechos.fr/medias/2017/02/01/2061837_sondage-fillon-serait-elimine-des-le-premier-tour-de-la-presidentielle-web-0211757278504.jpg the only thing that could save fillon is a scandal on macron or a change of candidate . 
  the only thing that could save the left is uniting in a coallition with the smaller parties and present only one candidate , but it would be a rather `` extreme left '' one . 
  there is a form of logic behind voting for marine le pen , you need first to admit that and acknowledge their issues before trying to convince them , otherwise , any attempt at convincing them will be sterile . 
  ca n't convince someone that does n't want to be . 
  you need a lot of empathy to reach out to the fn voters too because their vote is emotional . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gczkm8cl2hs relevant, 
  he was in a socialist governement but he is running as an independent . 
  he 's not affiliated with the parti socialiste ( ps ) or any other party for that matter . 
  he started his campaign `` en marche '' ( ... forward ? ), 
  earlier than the socialist primaries , and it came as a surprise to many . 
  he 's seducing both on the center left and the center right of the spectrum . 
  usually in france the center is leaning on the right . 
  macron is not , this is new and interesting . 
  many expected a campaign that would be played on the right side of the political spectrum in a battle between le pen and fillon and we might end up with a political campaign focused on the center . 
  which is good , i think . 
  beno\u00eet hamon ( around 20 % in the polls ) , who 's a socialist that is very much not centrist won the primaries , thus splitting the party in two . 
  those who wanted a more center-left candidate opt to follow macron by default because they see hamon 's ideas as utopian . 
  on the other hand , m\u00e9lenchon ( 10 % or so around in the polls ) leading the extreme left party `` front de gauche '' who wants to start a revolution and leave the `` capitalist eu '' has ideas close to those of hamon . 
  some people are saying they should make a `` front populaire '' like the left did in 1936 , uniting leftist parties under a same candidate . 
  anyway , on the right , le pen is extreme-right , and while she has a very strong core of voters that almost guarantee her a spot on the second turn , she has irreparably alienated the majority of the voters . 
  fillon is a catholic and conservative liberal candidate , for the biggest french political party , lr , `` les r\u00e9publicains '' who was poised to win the elections easily after a disastrous term by hollande . 
  fillon based his campaign on honesty and the value of work , slanting socialists for enabling lazy people to leech on welfare , and who 's now , as you must be well aware , involved in a scandal involving the alleged fictitious employment of his wife but also his children ( we 're talking about millions of euros of salaries for jobs that were very likely fake ) . 
  the press , spearheaded by the very serious and nonetheless satirical newspaper `` le canard encha\u00een\u00e9 '' is piling on this scandal every week with new elements . 
  this election is very interesting i must say . 
  http://allrecipes.com/recipe/20931/french-crepes/ a cr\u00eape recipe for those who want to try it at home ( it 's very easy and delicious with nutella or marmelade ) . 
  on the 26th he said himself that if he is subjected to a judicial procedure ( as in charged ) regarding his wife 's employment he would step down . 
  jupp\u00e9 said he would n't replace him . 
  sarkozy refused to acknowledge the possibility . 
  the headline is scandalous . 
  `` taxing robots '' is a bit silly . 
  the whole point is that in our time , human capital is replaced easily by automated capital . 
  replacing a man by a machine , automation , leads to an increase of capital in the hands of a very small minority , those who own the means of production . 
  taxing `` robots '' is just taxing the means of production and it is a very sensible and logical idea for a socialist candidate to promote . 
  edit : am not socialist , not my opinion . 
  hamon 's . 
  just playing `` socialist 's advocate '' here . 
  i love australia ( who does n't ? 
  ) , and this piece is silly but yeah , i do n't see it happening . 
  is n't australia super conservative and anglo-liberal at heart ? 
  if we forget about the whole not-in-europe barrier ... ... a state that wishes to join the union must satisfy 4 criterias : 3 from copenhagen 1993 : - stable institutions guaranteeing democracy , rule of law , respect of minorities and their protection ; ( i guess it 's a check ) - free market economy able to withstand the strength and the competition pressure from the common market within the eu ; ( i guess it 's a check too , maybe that would lower drastically the price of meat and other imported goods in australia ) . 
  - the acquis communautaire ( looked for a translation , it does n't have one , how nice ) : aptitude to fulfill the obligations resulting from the adhesion , notably to endorse the objectives of the political union , the monetary union , and the economical union . 
  ( ouch , this one is a tough sell ) 4th criteria ( 2006 ) : ability to integrate : ability from the union to assimilate new members and furhter integration . 
  the new membership must not challenge the current common policies and its funding . 
  ( i do n't think australia is big enough or poor enough to do that ) . 
  well he was n't married and his girlfriend at the time was bitchy and vindicative and meddled in things that did n't concern her . 
  makes him appear more `` bold '' , that he was dating a super pretty actress . 
  and his ex made him appear weak as he could n't control her . 
  there are opt-outs . 
  ireland has opted out of that defense , maybe cyprus aswell ? 
  anyhow , a status-quo situation will not lead to war in a time of appeasement on the island ( from what i gathered ? 
  i 'm not always up to date about cyprus ) . 
  it 's a decent pc game , and european-made too !, 
  ( french ) . 
  its latest iteration , wargame red dragon is worth it if you can find it on sale on steam . 
  its theater is the late cold war in asia . 
  i was refereing to the initial turkish invasion of cyprus before it was in the eu . 
  world war scenario that will never happen but should be in the next wargame -  russia-backed turkey launched a full-scale amphibious operations on the agean sea and thrace , while the trump-led us renounces it 's obligation under nato to defend the country . 
  feels like one of the nice intro movies of wargame campaigns . 
  i hope turkey does n't try to start something like crimea or cyprus with the greeks . 
  it would officially be an act of war with all the european countries . 
  check the latest polls . 
  his credibility is ded worse than the roadrunner in kassos latest episode . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fleh7udw0g8 check out this video and this channel , france 's most popular youtuber . 
  maybe not the best but that video is heartwarming and has a big `` francophonie '' feel to it . 
  he has subs in french . 
  seriously r/france is niche but has a nice community and some quality articles that you can read , and some `` free forums '' everyday where you can talk and express yourself in french or english and you 'll get help . 
  that 's why i come here after all , rather than other websites . 
  we have a different cultural mindset . 
  that 's all . 
  americans do n't get it . 
  you ca n't copy paste . 
  do you think french brand of racism-far right would work in italy ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  different shit . 
  i 'm not being arrogant dimwit , i 'm actually being realist and humble . 
  the worst thing about france is people shitting on their compatriots and country and other people around them like you every chance they get so they can get a kick about how superior it makes them feel to the so-called plebs . 
  the `` french fn and more on the right than the fn '' crowd website is fdesouche.com . 
  it 's one of france 's most popular website . 
  i doubt `` ideas '' from trump supporters are more suited than ideas from the french far right / fascist supporters . . for a french election . 
  french culture online is french speaking . 
  reddit is n't mainstream . 
  they do n't speak french , they ca n't hijack shit .
