  the best documentaries are usually on arte . 
  france has already been through an ethnocidal period in the 19th century . 
  the teachers , the `` black hussars '' of the republic as they were called were sent to teach french everywhere and reduce the monarchist influence of the clergy ( you call me a franquist , but what has the monarchy and the clergy done for the republicans in spain ? ) . 
  it is written in our consitution that you can not divide the french in different ethnies by the way . 
  if the regional languages speakers had to rise up , they 'd rise up from the tumb , it 's not like in spain where millions of people speak catalan everyday as it is their native languages and they 'd be wrong not to defend it , as their language is their culture but here , those who speak occitan or other regional languages are already old , and they are dying , and even though some people learn to speak those languages , they are not really numerous . 
  on this subreddit , people miss that crucial element , also , nobody is oppressed . 
  you 're free to speak a dying language if you want to . 
  they are more or less all dead , the regional languages . 
  basque , catalan , and breizh still survive somehow , but their future is n't bright . 
  i personally think regional languages divide the nation and should be forgotten , they belong to folklore , fortunately , those languages are irrelevant in french political debates . 
  it 's a big cultural difference with our spanish neighbour . 
  i do n't know what you qualify as common knowledge . 
  to me it is , but whether it is or not is irrelevant . 
  the reality is that it is a prussian military symbol that is associated with the german armed forces , and they still use it to this day . 
  it only stands if you have a shit knowledge of history . 
  makes me think of borat song everytime . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jsg2qhbm7wm ( 1994 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odcgoug3dgg, 
  translation of the lyrics , i wanted to use a spoiler tag but i do n't know how to , i did what i could , it 's something particularly hard to translate . 
  it 's about the way they make music , how they try to stay true to themselves , there are some references to their special universe aswell . 
  [ king ju ] it 's me raskar capak and i attack you with my mac life is a death trap no quarters when the lyrics hit my smile freezes you like a creaking clic-clack sofabed oh shit look he 's coming back every tuesday to shake your hand give me the courage to devour all the clouds listen to my heart listen to my rage listen to this anthropophagous text listen to that guy who 's a reac ' listen to this single mother breaking down hear the cry of the animals when they are thrown into a bag the crou is back and proud after they hid in the shadows for milleniums its lungs enlighten you like edf or the nuclear reactors so shut the fuck up the arg\u00e9miones walk alone no work no girl no food it 's rather dangerous but i 'll never calm down !, 
  i 've got too many problems on my mind and it is the total hypocrisy small hope that this will disturb anyone and it 's the generalized apathy small hope that this will change people change but ... [ chorus ] : stupeflip fast stupeflip fast stup\u00e9-stupeflip fast stupeflip fast stupeflip fast the thing is alive in the heads even though it 's burnt in the disc stores . 
  you sequestered it , gagged it , tied it x2 ( oh yeeeees ) [ cadillac ] cadillac in peer-to-peer comes back to shit in your skull make a small mount it 's the kiddy i 'm talking to i 'm talking to the one in you deep in your inner self there is a child who cries you ca n't feel yourself , but he feels for you you sequestered him , gagged him , tied him do you recognize the small dude in you ? 
  the little boy or the little girl who cries , deep down it 's you you 'd rather hide act like minced meat under pressure you can barely breath is that you up there ? 
  in the grown-ups court you 're faking it the cock , the joker , the whore who turns in circles you think you can manage it but you 're unable to where is he , this kid you were ? 
  is he dead , this kid you were ? 
  [ chorus ] x2 [ king ju ] i do n't break i do n't mock i do n't hope i watch others going full retard or full chipolatas do n't come judge me i do what i can with what i have , man it 's not the carnival des enfoir\u00e9s nor is it augustin legrand 4 by 4 i cut down my dreams with a scimtar drown the kittens kill the hopes with a slinger but what ? 
  how did i not do all the things i was supposed to ? 
  i did my sixty prayers on the ground in the powderhouse sentimental crowd i 've often looked for you but where are you ? 
  where are the utopies where are the enlightened ? 
  where are the beautiful ladies the beautiful souls ? 
  where are the intellectuals ? 
  i 'm fed up of being left alone i 'm tired of explaining utopists stand up !, 
  i got lyrics in stock and if no one gets it anymore fine , i 'll exile myself to petaorshnock so let me have my trip let me say it before i die i 'm not a slave that waits for the weekend to run away [ chorus ], 
  you 'd have more luck finding a unicorn than someone who speaks burgondese . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdaahmztnve it 's powerful stuff , if you understand french ( there are subtitles , but in japanese only ) . 
  edit : other rap songs i like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=48rtmcklvvu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hztxlwnkh5y, 
  for scientifical purposes , do you say it like `` proot '' ? 
  to this day , france still gives algeria millions of euros every year in subsidies and reparations and has better relationships with north african countries , including algeria , than your neighbor armenia , and we had a vietnam-style war with algeria . 
  algerians do n't wake up in the morning and think `` damn , i hate france over the independence war '' , it 's mostly some second generation immigrants in france who say that because they want to blame someone for their shitty situation . 
  also we did n't genocided algerians . 
  that 's important . 
  during the colonization , there were crimes against humanity commited against the population , both indigenous and colonial . 
  i do n't deny the french authorities did fire on the crowd , at s\u00e9tif notably . 
  but that 's an event , an anedocte . 
  under french rule , schools and universities were built , increasing literacy , infantile death was reduced by exporting medical infrastructures and hospitals and basic hygiene . 
  the population of algeria that had been stalling tripled under french colonization , going from 3m to 9m . 
  i guess we were not that efficient at genociding algerians . 
  also we developed the economy of algeria a great deal , where others just saw a desert and a slave trading hub , we built an real el dorado with the algerians , the benefits of which , i do n't deny , were reaped by the french in algeria . 
  also , before algeria was french , it was under ottoman rule . 
  it was a slave-trade hub , white slavery , but also black slavery was the core fo the economy , captured women were turned into prostitutes and sent into harems , black slaves were all castrated and sent to die of hard labour in the ottoman empire , and white slaves when young were transformed into soldiers , or would be sent to the harems too , because pedophilia was accepted in islam and still in afghanistan for example . 
  cervantes was one of the most famous slave of the pirate states . 
  the ottomans were n't kind with the algerian natives either , they treated them like inferior human beings . 
  and before the muslims conquered north africa in the 8th century , there lived the proud berbers , and also a great deal of jews and other minorities . 
  reducing algeria to algerians when the country at its core has many tribal identities is a fallacy . 
  so before you spew the same bullshit erdogan did and compare two situations that have nothing in common , check your facts . 
  thank you . 
  you 're right and wrong . 
  france 's economy is not in a good shape currently compared to germany , but it has probably more incentives for people to have kids than germany , it seems it is way easier for a woman in france to keep both a career and have kids than it is in germany . 
  working mothers are not taboo at all here , but in other countries , you 'd get remarks like `` you 're working instead of raising your kids yourself '' more often ( you do hear that here from times to times though ) . 
   french redditors try to evoke the idea that european cosmonauts are french this statement is false . 
  cosmonauts are soviet/russians anyway . 
  it 's a bit weird to make a big fuss about a word . 
  using another word in this case would be gramatically incorrect . 
  it so happens that american use astronauts , and russian cosmonauts , and french spationauts , and other nations sometimes use other words as well ( japan , china ect ... ) , it 's not stupid , it 's culture and history . 
  i understand some of you are not very open-minded , especially when it comes to france and the few french exceptionalisms , but do n't you have bigger topics to get mad about instead of derailing a thread about our beloved esa ? 
  the hundred years war takes place from 1337 to 1453 and troyes is the scene of a particularly unglorious event for france , the signing of the infamous `` shameful treaty of troyes '' on the 21st may of 1420 . 
  during the war , the king of france charles vi ( 1368-1380 \u2020 1422 ) is an insane man ( today , we would say he 's schizophrenic ) . 
  his wife , isabeau de bavi\u00e8re takes advantage of his condition to make him sign the treaty with the english . 
  in the treaty : his wife isabeau makes him declare that the heir and his own son charles vii is a bastard ( which also hurts the reputation of the king quite a bit , because that would mean his spouse isabeau was unfaithful ) , therefore unworthy to inherit the crown . 
  additionaly he gives away his own daughter to the king of england , which would make him king of france as well in a mariage which too place on june the 2nd the same year in the church of saint-jean-au-march\u00e9 . 
  so in one treaty , he gives away the kingdom , marry his daughter to the enemy and betray his son who 's fighting the english . 
  later , the victories of charles vii , with the help of joan of arc makes the treaty void . 
  the monarchy in france also evolved , as scholars were looking for a way to make the treaty useless , they came up with the rule that the kingdom does n't belong to the king of france , and therefore he can not give it away . 
  still , the kings of england officialy kept the title of king of france for four centuries , before giving it up in 1802 after the peace of amiens . 
  that mohammed merah was a former french secret service agent and was assassinated becaus he knew too much . 
  that the kouachi brothers attack on charlie hebdo was a false flag operation . 
  that the famous stand-up comedian `` coluche '' was assissinated because he posed a threat to the power ( he would ran for the presidential election to mock the establishment , and died in a traffic accident ) . 
  famous singer `` balavoine '' was also assissinated because he denounced the politics of president mitterand on live tv ( he died in an helicopter crash during the paris - dakar desert rally race ) . 
  that lady d. was actually murdered and it was n't a car accident ( it happened in paris so i put it there , but it 's more about the uk i guess ) . 
  so does legifrance !, 
  maybe it 's useful for a developper , but that 's all that is then , a developer tool . 
  a lawmaker or a professional has much better tools available to him . 
  http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/ is much better . 
   there is no such thing as `` different people '' . 
  all gaps can be fixed by policies of assimilation , education , being part of the workforce and decreasing the causes of social exclusion . 
  the huge majority of the roma communities do n't want that . 
  it would be close to a cultural genocide . 
  they do n't want to be part of the workforce , assimilate , or get a regular education . 
  that 's what sendentary people do . 
  mathematics , litterature , musical education , all of that is crap for their kids in their culture . 
  they have other codes . 
  they wont mix with the other romanian kids . 
  it 's a nomadic culture that has lost all the relevance and usefulness that it once had as means of communication and travel have evolved . 
  as a result a large part of their kind survives by stealing , begging and scamming and in turn they are hated from greece to ireland , from portugal to the north sea , because the world has become sedentary and they have remained travellers . 
  meh , it was a heart attack , this kind of stuff could happen anywhere . 
  given the other articles presented on the sidebar , i actually agree with you . 
  the lybian crisis started with the economical crisis , wheat prices were becoming too high , and the pressure on the population was too high , so they rebelled and gadaffi responded with force , shelling cities , killing civilians . 
  you ca n't stay idle while on the other side of the med a crazy dictator is slaughtering his own people . 
  the civilians losses inflicted by the western armies in lybia were minimal . 
  i 'm not a warmongerer but the europe + us intervention in lybia was n't frivolous .
