  it has to be understood in terms of a military contractor using military strategies on a civilian population . 
  saying it 's just marketing is grossly trivializing the issue . 
  makes me think of all the people calling that grieving man a coward for saying `` you 'll not have my hate '' when his policeman husband was shot dead on the champs elys\u00e9e by a terrorist . 
  if you 've ever lost someone , you know that revenge will not get you what you want : him or her back . 
  it wo n't give you any kind of closure . 
  killing a man because he murdered someone does n't feel good , it does n't bring back to life the person you lost or repair the damage that person has done to your life . 
  you just have to live with the pain and get used to it . 
  the death penalty , it just adds a body on the pile . 
  i 'm not even talking about faith in humanity , that people can change , or that there could be cases of mistrials and innocent people charged with the death sentence . 
  that a prisoner with the death sentence on his head also has a family and parents that care for him . 
  there probably are , but there are so many more psycopaths with no rehabilitation chance , the fundamental aspect , in my humble opinion , is the value of human life . 
  as human beings , we do not like killing . 
  it 's just not in our nature . 
  at war , most soldiers tend to shoot above their targets , or miss them because there is a part of them that does n't want to kill . 
  it requires special `` training '' to kill someone , because it is n't in our basic programmation . 
  a normal society values human life , that 's all there is to it , because if you believe in human rights , you believe that all life is sacred , you believe in the right to live because murder is wrong , and the death penalty is nothing but an administrative murder . 
  if the person is unredeemable , just lock that person up for life . 
  no they are not . 
  neither are the french people . 
  posting online is a bit of hole in the legislation and you wont get in trouble , but legally you risk a fine ( 3000 + $ , i 'm not sure exactly how much ) . 
  in real life though it is enforced . 
  at the voting station , you ca n't talk about the vote either . 
  it is forbidden . 
  but these rules are very loosely enforced for common people . 
  not the media one , the medias would get a hefty sanction . 
  the french csa ( french tv and radio regulatory body ) is a very serious organization . 
  i agree with you to some extent but you overestimate the influence of the us compared to the one of the uk and the spanish/french/chinese speaking internet . 
  an average french person , despite the `` american cultural hegemony '' has close to no contact with meaningful english on a daily basis and can go about his whole life without speaking it . 
  english is not easier to learn than another romance language for french speakers though . 
  in high school , everybody was shit at english and at the same time , the grades were much better in spanish ( they were abysmal in german for those who picked it over spanish though ) . 
  ireland is not algeria though . 
  bouteflika is a zombie , when he dies , everything will turn to shit . 
  they 're almost like a monarchy and with the king on his deathbed , a succession crisis will happen . 
  i doubt we 'd see that in ireland . 
  i do n't doubt ireland can be authoritarian though . 
  fiscal harmonization should have come before the eurozone . 
  the cart was already there , it 's the horses . 
  you ca n't have a union in which members will deflate their tax rates and allow foreign companies to move the profits they made in the bigger countries to the smaller ones . 
  the crisis we 're having is largely derived from these abuses . 
  france relies on small and medium sized companies for its employment and those are supposed to be able to compete with giants because their small size can be an asset in terms of agility and adaptation . 
  it all goes out of the window when the small/medium companies have to pay french taxes and the large ones next to nothing because they have offices in luxembourg or ireland . 
  it feeds extremism , it kills the social security system , it inflates the debt , creates unemployment . 
  tax evasion is a plague . 
  and now , with the uk leaving the eu , you can expect another tax haven just on the other side of the channel . 
  it 's time to deal with this , it 's the biggest long-term challenge the eu is facing and we need to stop stealing from each other 's . 
  come on , eu or not , cyprus and the uk are tight allies . 
  ^ this . 
  tell me , in what kind of democracy is nobody unhappy with the president ? 
  in every scenario , there are unhappy opposition members . 
  btw , while macron is rich , he 's not filthy rich like trump . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is wealthier than him , so is marine le pen . 
  a big chunk of his personal wealth went into the campaign , and it was mainly financed by small time contributions to his movements from members . 
  nobody could send more than 7500 $ i think and the average donations was around 20 $ . 
  both `` en marche ! '', 
  and `` la france insoumise '' are new movements , and did n't have the full backing of an established party and the financial aspect that it entails . 
  cameron 's positions are on the opposit spectrum of macron 's . 
  i think things are calm now . 
  there is no ally for britain to be found in macron ( if , hopefully , he is elected , if it 's le pen , everything goes completely apeshit ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m4-89pqmsou at the very end of the universe , light years away from earth , lives the one that the uk intergalactic empire calls upon when it can no longer find solution to its problems , when all hope is gone ... 
  the captain may . 
  captain may you are not from our milky waaaay but you have traveled hundreds of millions of years to save from harm the people of the uk ... does n't rhyme as much in english :(, 
  silly greece . 
  people level tax evasion is the amateur level . 
  it 's only legal if it 's corporate tax evasion . 
  is prostitution bad ? 
  i mean , what 's the difference between renting an uterus for 9 months and a vagina for an hour ? 
  the problem is the trafficking of the human body . 
  maybe in 50 years there will be `` surrogate mother farms '' in india or some other place and most women wo n't have to go through pregnancy the regular way . 
  anyhow , right now , i think the risk is about human trafficking imho . 
  tariffs will not stop british products from being exported or eu products from being imported into the uk . 
  it will just make britain less competitive compared to producers inside the bloc . 
  what i mean is : the uk is germany 's 3rd largest trading partner and france 's 5th because of the eu , but once you 're out of the eu , it does n't have to stay that way . 
  it 's only an interdependency if you proove the non-fungibility of the exchanges . 
  storage box for sewing material . 
  plus the biscuits are amazing . 
  i misinterpreted what you wrote about clinton because it was poorly written . 
  on the offchance that you 're not a troll ... do you realize that there were 11 candidates at the french elections while there were only 2 serious candidates in the american one ? 
  3 of the 5 big candidates were coming from new parties and they did n't have primaries . 
  lr and ps had primaries , they got fillon and hamon . 
  anybody could vote at those primaries . 
  two of these other 5 big candidates formed their own movement : en marche for emmanuel macron , and la france insoumise for jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon , and the last one is marine le pen who inherited more or less her father 's political legacy . 
  meanwhile in the us you only have two candidates . 
  great is n't it ? 
   that 's your opinion . 
  no that 's a fact . 
  get a clue , there is a constitution for those things , and your commission and committee bullcrap is not the process . 
  absolutely anyone can become a candidate for the french election , that 's why we had 11 of them . 
  the would-be candidate still needs the assent of 500 mayors or town officials . 
  there are 36500 + towns in france and they give it easily . 
  objectively and undeniably , there is no committee , no commission , and it is way easier for anyone to be a candidate in the french election than in the american election . 
  also , about the soviet union , do you realize that you 're comparing the world 's biggest trade bloc to a closed and socialized economy ? 
  do you really think poland and other ex-soviet countries embraced the eu because it ressembles the soviet union ? 
  and finally , in the soviet union , you only had one party : the communist party . 
  in the us , two parties hold the power , the democratic party and the republican party . 
  they have the same unchecked , out of balance power over the politics of their country ; and you are here arguing that our democracy is flawed . 
  it is , but it 's much better than the us . 
  take a look in the mirror . 
  please . 
   your candidates are preselected by commission after committee so that all of them are not just law-abiding , but also have certain moralities , philosophies , and behaviors . 
  that 's not how french candidates are selected .
