  i know most games on steam have the same price in $ and $ , as the two currencies are relatively close , but not in # . 
  sometimes an editor will have a different policy , as did paradox recently , but they had to roll back that policy . 
  a supermarket is ugly , pragmatic in its purpose that is purely economic . 
  macron has a more romantic vision for europe and france will not settle on a strictly economic union . 
  poland 's government who is advocating for this and against a two speed europe is targeted to point out their unsustainable position . 
  as a whole poland and france have cold relations . 
  while you can argue that the voters did n't vote with gdp or job growth in mind , but more with national sovereignty in mind , you ca n't argue that this strategy will yield results . 
  it can not possibly work . 
  a centrist party that had rallied macron 's position during the campaign is in turmoil because there is an investigation pending about misuse of eu parliamentary assistants funds . 
  the party , modem , which is centrist , could have opposed macron 's during the campaign , as bayrou was given in the polls around 4 % . 
  instead of running , bayrou decided to meet with macron and support his movement , in exchange , i figure he was given the justice department so he could enact a law about making politics more honest and transparent , a project that was dear to him . 
  given the scandal , him and the members of his party that were part of the governement have decided to resign . 
  i 'm glad about it . 
  he was a burden all along . 
  i feel like i can rely on la poste to deliver compared to others . 
  ups has always failed me . 
  they do n't even deliver to my place . 
  they just lie and say they passed by and expect to me to come pick up my package at their station which is not anywhere near where i live . 
  i always end up getting a refund with ups . 
  i was calling politicians like le pen and m\u00e9lenchon asshats , not you . 
  you know , the kind of people who milk the rhetoric that the lisbon treaty betrayed the will of the people ... there actually are naive twats who believe them and parrot their views on reddit . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i always thought you guys were in it because the european office for intellectual property is in alicante . 
  / u/txapollo342 is right . 
  but in the end it comes down to what you think are good solutions to put france 's companies out of their slump . 
  you can act on the consumers and boost their purchasing powers ( but in a globalized economy they can always spend on stuff that will not benefit the french economy ) or you can act on the companies and give them incentives to hire ( but in a capitalistic free-market economy like france , you ca n't hold the companies accountable , and they can always fuck you over and relocate elsewhere cheaper ) . 
  in the end it 's good to do both . 
  there was nothing that warranted a referendum in the lisbon treaty . 
  if i may ... you 're pretty sure of nothing man . 
  the lisbon treaty is not the european constitutional treaty . 
  it 's clearly not the same vision for europe even if some raging asshats insist it is . 
  article 1 ( interdiction g\u00e9n\u00e9rale de la discrimination ) du protocole n \u00b0 12 \u00e0 la convention du 4 novembre 2000 : 1 . 
  the enjoyment of any right set forth by law shall be secured without discrimination on any ground such as sex , race , colour , language , religion , political or other opinion , national or social origin , association with a national minority , property , birth or other status 2 . 
  no one shall be discriminated against by any public authority on any ground such as those mentioned in paragraph 1 there 's no way the woman does n't win the case . 
  given that his campaign was probably funded by the military industrial complex , the coal companies , the oil companies , and that his whole motto is america first . 
  yeah , i do think that trump cares more about companies than defense , or climate , or world peace , or ... anything else really because he 's a morally bankrupt piece of shit who passes for a human somehow . 
  i do n't think so . 
  ireland or the us must be . 
  for food , we might be up there with stuff like whisky ( which is actually more popular than wine ) and lamb and probably salmon but cakes ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i actually often make the same mistake in french . 
  i dont like 90 % of his jokes but i like some of the segments he had on topics like opioids , kidney disease , churches , car loans , and other topics nobody gives a shit about . 
  sure his piece about online misoginy and `` gamergate '' was really bad but he got it right for other topics and he uses sources and publicly available documentation . 
  but yeah , i am not sure i 've ever laughed at his jokes . 
  i got them confused with peas . 
  indeed . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=98loimz59jw these kids !, 
  to a nation that eats ~ ~ peas ~ ~ beans on a toast . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  there are other things we enjoy from britain than food , it was my point . 
  there is a bakery at every street corner and the big retailers are french producers . 
  except maybe cadburries but they are rather niche . 
  that is what reading you sounds like . 
  is this a british person having an aneurysm or actual cake names ? 
  lemon drizzle sounds like a trump sexual fetish . 
  exactly . 
  this is not a system made for coallitions , it is made for strong leadership . 
  the president used to have a 7 year mandate aswell but the eu pushed for it to be reduced to 5 . 
  `` it 's a good cake , look , it 's made in britain . '', 
  said no one ever in the history of france . 
  the only thing that could come close are pim 's ( jaffa cakes ) , but they are made by lu . 
  in nantes and nobody 's ever heard of jaffa cakes . 
  i disagree that macron is center right . 
  edouard philippe ( prime minister ) is , but macron so far has been relatively neutral . 
  the most moderate side of lr is center-right . 
  modem is center-left . 
  macron , i 'm not sure what he is . 
  http://krabitravel.com/thailanguage.html it sort of looks like arabic . 
  i think he 's refering to / u/niconpat tha\u00ef coin . 
  i indeed got one aswell accidentally from a sandwich shop . 
  those sandwiches were really good but the owners were not agreeable , so i think it was intentional . 
  i downvoted the post for its obviously misleading graph , but i 'm curious if you know where france stands or would stand on this graph ? 
  france 's effective tax rate is not lower than ireland unless you 're cherry picking . 
  the system has a lot of exemptions and rebates . 
  france 's fiscal policy relies on incentivization of virtuous behaviors to an extent that is pretty unique in europe . 
  according to real newspapers , like le monde , france 's effective tax rate ranked 12th in europe ( [ 2013 ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/economie/article/2013/05/27/impots-sur-les-societes-idees-fausses-et-vrais-enjeux_3418091_3234.html ) ) . 
  for the cac40 ( the 40 biggest french company ) , the effective tax rate is 8 % . 
  it is however much higher for the smc ( 22 % ) and vmc ( 28 % ) which is quite unfair and why there is popular demand for a better taxation of big companies . 
  and that 's where the complaints about the international fiscal competition comes in . 
  we have a duopoly on chickens with wallonia . 
  not the same chicken though . 
  qu\u00e9bec has a snow owl too , and that does [ look retarded ] ( http://www.owlpages.com/owls/species/images/snowy_owl_rachel_b-2.jpg ) . 
  if there 's one thing the dutch are known for , it 's bookkeeping . 
  tanks are not that useful in counter guerilla and urban warfare , just like choppers . 
  it 's useless spending . 
  arguably , germany has eagles too . 
  fyi , the declaration of human rights is part of the french constitution and is actionnable . 
  mom is from vend\u00e9e , dad is from limousin , i 'm so diverse . 
  when you 're the world 's leader in arm sales , an increase of defence budget in nato countries has to be positive for you . 
  i do n't know how much countries like greece , the uk spend on their militaries using us defense contractors , but if you think about planes , choppers , missiles , drones and especially logistics and radar ( awacs ) , you ca n't avoid the us . 
  norway just entered a deal for over a billion dollars for planes with the us ( p-8a or something ) , but half of europe has us choppers or jets and barely any country has the capacity to produce drones like the us 's . 
  all i 'm saying is that the defence industry leaders are americans and that an increase in nato spending will inevitably benefit the american militaro-industrial complex who is also the leading nation in the alliance . 
  that 's why trump is so eager to push for this when there is a 2024 deadline for the 2 % gdp guideline . 
  it will also be positive for other armament industries , of course . 
  in the top 10 of the biggest defence corporations , lockheed ( 1st ) , boeing ( 3rd ) , northrop grunman ( 4th ) , general dynamics ( 5th ) , raytheon ( 6th ) , l-3 communications ( 9th ) , united technologies ( 10th ) are us biggest contractors . 
  bae systems ( 2nd ) is british . 
  eads is european ( 7th ) , finmeccanica ( 8th ) is italian . 
  because it means more countries ordering weapons from the us militaro-industrial complex . 
  nothing wrong with red white and blue . 
  or blue white and red .
