  there is no conservative . 
  there are two declining main parties with fillon ( liberal economist , catholic traditionalism ) and hamon ( strong left , keynesian/regulated economy + universal income ... ) and two candidates who each represents a social model . 
  le pen is sovereinist and protectionist and macron ( independent ) is globalist and backing free trade . 
  all parties agree on climate change , gay rights ( bar fn . 
  mlp said she would change the law on marriage back ) . 
  the main topics are unemployment , immigration , social security ... 
  as long as the eu exists . 
  there is a defense pact in the eu treaties . 
  i think saying colonization is a crime against humanity is a really big statement because it covers many different realities . 
  vietnam , algeria , gabon ... those colonies had nothing in common and the results of colonization are not the same everywhere . 
  also , what does it say about israeli colonies in palestine ? 
  this is just not about past history , this statement is also about present history . 
  they were more lenient with foreign students . 
  it 's technically a non-breaking space . 
  we also have to use '' ... '' instead of `` ... '' . 
  i remember getting a 4 for a paper because every time i quoted something i used '' instead , and at the university i was at every mistake in spelling or grammar cost you 1 points on your final grade ( / 20 ) ( i spend too much time on the english-speaking internet ) . 
  merci, 
  op , can you share the midi libre link please ? 
  i agree that a corporate tax that is too heavy is really a bad thing but taxes are important . 
  they pay for education , healthcare , infrastructures . 
  in a way , i think that having a fiscal competition between eu countries is a bad thing and leads to social dumping . 
  if it was a corporate tax of around 9 % all around the single market , i 'd be fine with it , but it 's not , and that kind of competition is not benefitial to the union as a whole . 
  completely agree . 
  although i am not sure the first goal of a corporation is to compartimentalize liability . 
  that 's what the objects of incorporation in the by-laws are for . 
  i like the french legal concept of `` moral person '' to designate a `` legal entity '' . 
  it could be a good compromise . 
  also 9 % corporate tax is a scandalous move but that 's another topic . 
  ps is n't parti socialiste ? 
  the thing is that the labor laws are not uniform throughout europe . 
  the problem is not about a specific worker dying in poland . 
  it is about big companies ( like lvmh or others ) pitting countries against each others in a race to the bottom to see which ones are more willing to sacrifice worker rights and working conditions to get their business . 
  i do n't like the guy but you got it all wrong . 
  he thinks poland is too capitalist and globalist . 
  he wants his country to refocus with the core parts of the european union because he feels that he ca n't trust the visegrad 4 to move forward towards european unity , just like he ca n't trust the danes and the swedes in the same fashion . 
  my ( flawed ) translation : the ministre-president [ it 's a thing in be ] of wallonia , the socialist paul magnette , judged , on february saturday the 4th that it would be for the better if a `` polxit , hongrexit , romexit and bulgexit '' were to happen following the upcoming departure of the uk from the european union . 
  painting himself as `` federalist that was hurt '' , and maybe `` the first amongst the socialists to be euroskeptic '' the former head of the institute of european studies of the `` universit\u00e9 libre de bruxelles '' is very critical on the direction the union is taking . 
  he first manifested himself in 2016 by opposing the eu-canada treaty , which was eventually signed after his region demanded a renogotiation . 
  nowadays however , in an interview with the newspaper `` l'echo '' , he declared that he expects a `` rough yet balanced '' negotiation with london and one which would inspire some eastern and central european countries , but also maybe denmark and sweden to be tempted , by the negotiation of similar trade deals and partnership , and eventually leave the union . 
  during the tv broadcast `` internationales '' on tv5 , le monde , and rfi , sunday february the 5th , one of his coworker , rudy demotte , ps [ socialist ] ministre-pr\u00e9sident of the wallonie-bruxelles federation , distanced himself with paul magnette . 
  this leader of the institution gathering the french-speaking belgian would rather support a reboot of the union coming from a handful of leading countries but without the departure of any member-state . 
  potential successor of president elio di rupo , m. magnette 's opinion is that `` europe is in the process of reintegration '' with countries `` which are going to be ungovernable , or governed by crazies [ yes he said that ] '' he judges that one of the answer to brexit , the promise of a european renewed effort in the defence sector , is not enough . 
  `` without the british , europe 's defense is france '' he says sarcastically . 
  very critical towards the european commission in bruxelles which meddles `` in very sensitive national matters '' but which is unable to tackle fiscal fraud or handle the refugee situation , m. magnette also distances himself from guy verhofstadt , his fellow countryman , head of the liberal-democrat alliance in strasbourg who pushes for the construction of an european political space and a federal electoral district . 
  he accused him to put everything `` upside down '' which is , according to the walloon `` typical '' of people with no understanding of how society works . 
  on the contrary , m. magnette pushes for the end of the social and fiscal deregulation which made the euro a virtue of the german monetary policy . 
  m. magnette demands a halt on the negotiations of multilateral or bileteral treaties and favors `` pure '' trade deals . 
  as well as a massive effort for programs aiming to guarantee energy independence and fight against global warming . 
  finally , he pushes for the mutualisition of a share of the national debts in a large investment plan . 
  he calls it a `` junker plan , times 100 '' . 
  i 'm going to do it , maybe just some important bits , give me a minute or two . 
  boss : oh , merlot , let me introduce you to our friends from the cia , who are here on a friendly visit . 
  as friends . 
  merlot is our last recruit , on trial . 
  cia agent : * nice to meet you , welcome to paris * merlot : '' * nice to meet you too * '' guy # 1 : you speak english merlot ?!, 
  boss : good . 
  we were congratulating ourselves on our succesful collaborations with the cia which has n't been challegend since our victory over barbary , to which , we must not forget , our american friends participated a little . 
  and more to the point , how are the presidential elections coming along ? 
  cia guy # 1 : very well , richard nixon is going to win . 
  french guy # 2 : that kennedy is way too young . 
  he looks like a kid . 
  people need mature men , with experience , well considered . 
  french guy # 2 : like the g\u00e9n\u00e9ral !, 
  cia guy # 2 : or the mar\u00e9chal . 
  * blank * redhead agent : he 's maybe not well thought out , but he 's charming this kennedy cia guy # 1 : anyway , we have the means to decredit him . 
  french guy # 1 : discredit him boss : oh really , how ? 
  cia guy # 1 : he likes women french guy # 2 : yes ? 
  cia guy # 2 : he likes women , a lot . 
  boss : yes ... you were talking about discrediting kennedy ? 
  has he got any weakness ? 
  cia guy # 2 : well , women !, 
  french guy # 1 : what about women ? 
  cia guy # 2 : he sleeps with many women . 
  * blank * cia guy # 2 : it 's not good for a politician . 
  french guy # 2 : why ? 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ocde crime rates and safety index . 
  also i invite you to check on your website 's data gathering method , it 's not scientific  this section is based on surveys from visitors of this website france is a country at war on several fronts , but i doubt the `` global peace index '' matters for a tourist in paris as it is an index which ranks countries for their pacifism . 
  maybe you feel safer in latvia because that 's your home but statistics do say that france is much safer on average . 
  some parts of paris are really shitty but unless you got lost in the bad parts of seine saint denis as a tourist ( how ? ), 
  you are relatively safe in paris . 
  in the end , marine le pen cares about those that nobody cares about . 
  it 's clich\u00e9 but it 's true . 
  i grew up as a socialist ( i even was part of the socialist student union in my first year of university ) but turned to the fn as a sympathizer when i felt no politicians cared about the real problems except her . 
  i changed my mind because it became clear to me that her ideology was based on hate . 
  the dehumanization of large parts of the population and the world at large , creating barriers between human beings , an us v. them mentality was very toxic . 
  her whole ideology is very fragile because it is not constructive , it 's a negative feedback loop , it aims to create an `` under siege '' mentality , and while what she says might ring true because she puts her finger on actual problems , once you look deeper into it , you realize she is not fit for office and does nothing more than pandering with half-assed solutions . 
  she 's selling some kind of `` generic socialism '' with a gaullist twist and lives in an echo chamber . 
  she 's filling a void : the one the other parties left when they stopped caring about some fundamental issues , with a lot of hate on top . 
  she 's not a conwoman , she believes in what she says but that 's because that toxic environment got to her through her father and close ones . 
  that 's all it is . 
  in a way , she 's some kind of demon that feeds on the established parties corruption and pc mistakes . 
  people trying to shut her down only make her stronger , but once you put her on a pedestal , people tend to realize how hollow she is . 
  but here comes macron . 
  another byproduct of the establishment . 
  a `` demon '' , like marine le pen , who feeds on the mistakes of the main parties . 
  fillon scandals have benefited him more than any other candidate so far ... we 'll see where it leads . 
  i will add that in france you need 50 % +1 voices to win the elections , there is no electoral college . 
  trump would n't win here . 
  neither will she . 
  and her party is collapsing and there are a lot of defections .
