  i dont know any ? 
  can you help me there . 
  probably not . 
  in the middle age though , the base was 20 , that 's why we count base 20 . 
  we do n't realize it , when i think about quatre-vingt-dix-neuf , i see 99 . 
  it 's just the spelling . 
  i 'm not sure you know how to speak french . 
  that 's bullshit even the french governement says there is no valid way to know how many french people speak occitan because it 's a dying language . 
  i did some research on pro-occitanese sources , 15 years ago , less than 5 % people in midi , languedoc and aquitaine spoke occitan fluently . 
  * '' tl ; dr : we ca n't know how many people speak occitan . 
  people who speak it are dying of old age . 
  it 's reached the point where the survival of the language is unlikely . 
  and that was 17 years ago . 
  it 's not the point . 
  there are almost no occitan speakers . 
  occitan was a relevant language two centuries ago , it 's not anymore . 
  there are more french speakers in london alone than occitan speakers in that part of france . 
  occitan is not even an official language . 
  automatic downvote of anything that silly for me . 
  a map that shows occitan as a relevant language can not be a serious work . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z-e40n8wsqq somewhat relevant . 
  i 'm not sure anymore really . 
  i 've always been told it was paris then lyon then marseille . 
  when you look at paris and you only consider paris intra-muros , it 's only 2m or so inhabitants ... there are different measures i guess , but i never ever thought of marseille as the second largest city in france . 
  marseille is n't france second largest city . 
  this would be lyon , or lille if you take the greater lille into account . 
  marseille is quite special anyway . 
  an article i read in the guardian about l'om describes if perfectly : [ ... ] * the same could be said of the city itself , as the first-time visitor senses as soon as he exits the monumental saint charles station , built in 1848 on a promontory that oversees a vast carapace of plum-and-custard roofs . 
  life here bubbles and sizzles like in no other city in france . 
  it is a bewitching mess , both ancient ( the greek massalia was founded in the 6th century bc ) and thrillingly young . 
  marseille -- the age-old door to the mediterranean populated by migrants , refugees , hoods , and fishermen -- speaks and sings with a voice not everyone finds pleasant . 
  it is strident and speaks out of turn ; cacophonous , not fugal * . 
  source : http://www.theguardian.com/football/blog/2015/jan/06/marseille-ultras-rule-temptation-never-far-away, 
  with weapons . 
  i think it 's down to what the floor is made of . 
  wood , lino -  no shoes . 
  but tiles ? 
  it 's cold to walk on tiles !, 
  i never remove my shoes when i 'm home because of that . 
  but i do wear slippers a lot . 
  i got better service in france than usa and canada . 
  prices and delays were both better , granted it was for transatlantic shipping , but the customs cost were 4 times higher in canada on average , and slightly less than canada in the us . 
  yeah , but can you be french of arab origins ? 
  yes . 
  french of jewish confession ? 
  oh that too . 
  yep , you can be that too . 
  even if you do n't have both nationalities . 
  the problem is n't there , it 's that every minority has a minority status now and there are some perks to such status , first one that comes in mind is being protected from hate speech . 
  some people are trying to make the majority have the same right as the minorities , because after all , these concepts of racism , hate speech , minority/and majorities vary in time and space . 
  and i think it 's wrong , i 'm all for ignoring all kinds of minorities and majorities , just not recognize anything . 
  but you ca n't really have it both ways . 
  if the republic recognizes minorities against which you can do hate speech , there should also be hate speech against any targeted segment of the population , however big it is . 
  but ... the `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' exist . 
  i 'm one . 
  my parents are from limousin and vend\u00e9e , and their parents are white too , and it 's been like that for a long long time . 
  i do exist , thank you very much french legal system . 
  and yeah , i 've been on the recieving end of hate speech before , and thank god i 'm not a girl because that 's actually way worse for the white girls i know . 
  but think about it in another way . 
  there are white guys in prisons , and , and the population is mostly arabic and black there . 
  how are they called by the other inmates ? 
  `` fran\u00e7ais de souche '' , or actually just `` fran\u00e7ais '' . 
  my ex-girlfriend who was vietnamese of origins used to say i was `` french '' , as in , she were french too , but she would n't refer to her as french , i was racially french to her , and she was n't . 
  the justice wont use it ? 
  okay , fine for them , it wont be the first time they are disconnected with the reality . 
  aahahahahahahahahahaha . 
  lol . 
  do n't try to bring your ideologies into a country you understand nothing about . 
  same for fran\u00e7afrique . 
  i 've lost iq points reading this . 
  most countries have this system to be honest . 
  in france the constitution is supposedly above the foreign treaties too ( it 's a doctrinal controversy though ) , if a treaty contradicts with the constitution , then the constitution is modified . 
  i do n't recall any case in which there was a real conflict , except 2005 referendum failure of course . 
  in the quran , some verses contradict others , it is accepted , there is a rule to determine which is true in that case . 
  the one verse that was written the lattest historically ( as the quran was written in one go by one person , supposedly , and contrary to the bible ) is the one that prevails over the verse that was written before . 
  now the silly thing is that the order in which they are put in the quran is not the chronological order . 
  also , it so happens that historically , the second part of the life of the prophet was bloody and full of wars , so there are unfortunately some violent verses there . 
  1 / u.-k : love-hate relationship . 
  but i love-hate the uk a lot . 
  i met a lot of people from the uk , always had a good time . 
  1 / ex-aequo spain : i live in the south and grew up with children of third , or fourth generation of immigrants from spain . 
  i like the language , and the mentality of spanish people . 
  i admire the way they kept their traditions and how free their society is . 
  3 / belgium/wallonians : i have a lot of belgian friends , and a close friend of mine is franco-belgian , she got her citizenship recently . 
  the belgitude is a very real thing , but i ca n't quite describe it with words : i love you [ belgium ] ( http://imgur.com/n63jzzq ) . 
  did n't know that . 
  do n't be too quick to draw conclusions , marseille is a socialist stronghold . 
  nice , on the other hand is the fn 's stronghold in the south-east , while the north is more in touch with the new fn party , the south is where darth le pen ( aka jean-marie ) always had the best results , and that 's where the hardline of the fn is , historically , it 's also where the blackfoots and their families are . 
  but the city of marseille itself is quite leftist and has been for some time . 
  a very corrupted local governement administered the city for years , and even after they were uncovered and prosecuted , they still won . 
  from a french perspective , you have to keep in mind that religion is kept outside of public schools ( la\u00efcit\u00e9 ) , and there are very few private schools . 
  the main point of having a muslim school in the first place here , like in those many catholic schools that exists already , is to allow religious expression at school . 
  some schools like that have religious philosophy classes , religion history , however valuable these teachings may be they are forbidden in the public sector . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure even private schools ca n't openly refuse candidates because of their religious beliefs , there are a lot of muslims in catholic schools . 
  no doubt . 
  roughly half of the legionnaires are french . 
  there 's a dude on r/france who accidentally met the president on a trip to paris and told him `` j' aime ta maison '' ( `` i like your house , mate '' . 
  people wont mind , tu/vous is hard to do for foreigners . 
  thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/2hwbni/im_27_and_never_left_america_before_i_decided_to/, 
  it 's not stupid .
