  franco-german relations have always been either based on the fear of the teutonic threat ( some fringe people still hold that belief in france ) or the appreciation of the goodwilling , light-spirited , beer-drinking german friend . 
  so lately it 's the latter . 
  germany is not really seen as a tourist destination , or a land of opportunity for employment , i never met any german exchange student either . 
  i have no opinion on germany whatsoever except that lufthansa airlines stewardesses are super hot . 
  i have discovered through reddit that i do n't really adhere to some underlying tenants of the protestant thought and economical mindset that are somewhat present , in an underlying way , in the collective mindset of the german people . 
  who also themselves are a divided bunch through historical reasons that we 're all familiar with . 
  i do n't relate to them like i do other europeans , but i 'm glad they are our allies . 
  never in a million years would they be thought of as a mortal enemy as this spot has been reserved for perfidious englishmen . 
  england : let 's adress the elephant in the room : brexit . 
  i know people who work in companies that are dealing solely with the uk , i even had a friend who had just traveled to manchester to follow a course to become a casino croupier ( dealer ? 
  ) , i have had english teachers trying to set up shop to get our two countries closer and i really thought that britain and france were bros. 
  but then brexit . 
  damn , the outcome was disastrous for all of my friends . 
  i choose to think there are two britains and the dark side won . 
  many english web travellers will come out on reddit and speak against the eu but to me it 's also a sign that many people would rather hate the european project , which is a subjective decision , rather than accept to passively suffer the exit and its negative consequences . 
  sour grapes and all that . 
  i 'm fine with the bright side , but the theresa may supporting , sun-reading , ~ ~ british food eating ~ ~ , monkeys that jerks off to the nostalgia of the empire and the french-bashing `` the economist '' publications can go suck a chode in tandem with boris johnson , appropriately , an insult that was taught to me by an english friend . 
  oh no i think he was excellent . 
  his foreign policy is brilliant . 
  not isolating himself but distancing himself from the us and the uk while still being a western partner . 
  his francophile foreign policy is a miror of that and must be understood through this lense . 
  his opposition to the uk in the eu was coherent as he did not trust the uk as partner willing to make a non-us dependent political organization . 
  his role in ww2 albeit at times symbolic is central in the refoundation of france collective identity after the disaster of ww2 . 
  the general de gaulle . 
  not well liked in many countries , blocked the uk out of the eu for as long as he was president , president during the algerian war ( he put an end to it though which made him hated by the african french ) , renewed qu\u00e9bec 's national awareness with a single speech while on an official visit to canada where he never visited the federal government , main actor behind the independent french nuclear program and subsequent testing . 
  president during the may 68 riots . 
  might forget some . 
  i live in the most protestant region in the south . 
  here it is fairly popular but it 's a national anomaly . 
  you wont find many protestants elsewhere . 
  ca n't speak for multicultural psychology but ethnic marketing is limited to hallal products mainly and ethnic/religious statistics make the practice difficult . 
  people dont see it as necessary and identity politics are frowned upon heavily when brought up in the public lights . 
  an afro feminist symposium in a public place in paris with forbidden access to men and non-black was shut down by the socialist mayor . 
  they do not have the sea . 
  i 'm with op on this one . 
  nothing like the med coast . 
  about right . 
  multiculturalism and multitude of communities are not seen positively as they represent divides within the nation . 
  anybody can become french but if you want to import your lifestyle and live in a gated community with your own kind a lot of people will find it opposed to the equalitarian values of the republic . 
  i guess that in europe britain is a better destination due to language and the already existing community . 
  there probably are more french citizens of indian origin in our territories nearer to the indian ocean . 
  i 've never met any . 
  there are n't many here !, 
  or maybe there are but they are fitting in so well i never noticed . 
  there are no stereotypes attached to them . 
  for tony parker or daft punk ? 
  french electro is so popular it 's almost a subgenre , the `` french touch '' . 
  kavinsky , mr. oizo , justice , stardust ( with one of the dp ) were really popular in the 2000 's . 
  daft punk , i guess . 
  there also might be tony parker , the basketball player . 
  in red one of my favorites is bergerie de l'hortus ( red pic saint loup ) , price may vary between 10 and 20 $ a bottle . 
  my favorite white wine is probably chablis , but there are many of them . 
  if you want something a bit different , a ros\u00e9 c\u00f4tes de provence in summer is always great . 
  i tried to find something in english to share but no luck . 
  here 's an old inconnus sketch about the eu and condoms when they were not popular that i 've wanted to post for a while : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wo0rhgnee-8&amp;, 
  usually people know a good one and stick to it . 
  you never know what you could get into . 
  it 's worth trying once at least . 
  it was my favorite meal in my first uni year . 
  garage, 
  he has a song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=os6ioinfmkk, 
  did play in hs , learnt the rules there . 
  you 're not alone . 
  i do n't watch tv and these are not my personal tastes but : t\u00e9l\u00e9foot , turbo , vivement dimanche prochain , question pour un champion , le journal du hard ( used to be the only free porn on tv !, 
  i 'd refer you to this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/64hthq/spanish_guy_here_could_you_explain_me_your/ also , abstention could reach well over 33 % for the first time in france when it comes to presidential elections . 
  it 's an important factor . 
  the words of pierre emmanuel barr\u00e9 explain the situation better than i ever could :  being president is very good , when you 're elected you make a beautiful speech about how you will represent the country with dignity , and then the press uncovers comprimising affairs and everybody realizes you behaved like a huge whore for votes . 
  basically it 's like miss france except nobody ever jerked off to fran\u00e7ois hollande 's presidential portrait . 
   a president is basically useless . 
  all it 's good for is getting sunburnt on the 14th of july and sucking saudi 's dick under their djellabas in order to sell rafale jets . 
  might aswell elect clara morgane , we 'd sell more planes . 
  or maybe david pujadas [ proeminent tv journalist ] , he knows how to suck politicians so well he could sell submarines to switzerland . 
   so far this campaign is amazing . 
  we 're having so much fun . 
  it 's something never seen before . 
  it feels like the republic has diarrhea , every ten minutes , it shits a new scandal on a candidate . 
   the one at the top right now is fran\u00e7ois fillon . 
  12 searches at his domicile a day , the investigators have moved to his house to reduce their carbon footprint . 
  nobody knows how he is still campaigning , he spends so much time at the police station people say the cops have asked him to pitch in the communal pot for toilet paper and coffee . 
  and i can tell you the other candidates are out of their minds about it , they are more excited than trump in front of a pampers commercial . 
  it 's basic really , when she learnt of fillon 's indictement , marine came right on the spot . 
  it was aqualand at the fn 's headquarters , they had to put `` watch out slippery floor signs '' everywhere , she let out a stream so powerful she pierced her dad 's second eyeball : `` oh no , i 'm blind , everything 's black around me , it 's horrible !! '' . 
   even macron got moist when he learnt fillon got caught by the judges . 
  he had already stolen his program , he was ready to steal the voters aswell , and then blam , he gets slammed with an investigation by the financial court for favoritism regarding his trip to las vegas . 
  so stupid right ? 
  everybody was rooting for him : alain minc , xavier niel , robert hue , jean-yves le drian , even valls was excited about supporting him . 
  macron is defying the law of physics . 
  he 's the first magnet that is only pulling shit towards itself . 
  if it were up to me i 'd put everyone in jail , he would n't even have to campaign , the other prisoners would be like him : neither left nor right , pinpoint in the middle of his butt . 
   i 'm pissed off but it 's incredible , macron , le pen , fillon , between them three they gather 72 % of the voting intentions at the first turn . 
  even `` scrooge mcduck magazine '' are on the fence about making a special citizenship number with a mini-dildo and a small poppers bottle so the young readers can get used to their future lives as electors . 
  and despite that , 30 millions people will vote on the 30th of april . 
  when you eat out 29 times at the local chinese place and get the shits 29 times , well , maybe the 30th time you 'll decide to stay home even if it 's alain ducasse cooking . 
  a lot of people are monitored but they have n't done anything yet or there is not enough manpower to be on their tails 24/7 . 
  they are just a folder in a pile of files . 
  yeah , it 's the main sport in some areas like perpignan , the south-west ( with toulon and montpellier as established teams too in the south ) , but nowadays the sport is also spreading to other parts of france with clubs like la rochelle , lyon , and of course paris . 
  basketball is the 6th or 5th most played sport in france after in order from 1st to 4th football , tennis , horseriding , judo and handball . 
  it 's popular with women too , more than other sports except horseriding . 
  so the nba is popular , but access to the nba is not that mainstream . 
  there are nba stars , like tony parker though who are famous .
