  the south-west has some of the best landscapes , food , and cities of france . 
  look up dordogne , les gorges du tarn . 
  toulouse is a great city , also called the `` pink city '' because it was made with beautiful bricks . 
  ( https://i.redd.it/68otshtrcaux.jpg ) . 
  it 's a really young and active city with a lot of jobs . 
  airbus is from there . 
  it 's often very high in the quality of life rankings , the weather around it is pretty good aswell . 
  the people there are usually friendlier than in the rest of france , the main sport is rugby , not football . 
  the typical dishes you 'll find there are cassoulet and duck confit , also some foie gras . 
  now the languedoc is a whole other story . 
  it 's a mediterranean part of france , where i spent most of my life , that ressembles lousiania / spain / greece / tuscany . 
  the food is based on tomatoes , and fishes , it can be weird sometimes if you do n't like anchovies or such things , but it 's a really interesting region . 
  bullfighting traditions are usually not corridas here , it 's more like games and the bull does n't necessarily die at the end ( corridas are more popular in french catalogne ) . 
  there are lot of beautiful sand beaches on the coast , which you can access by tramway if you are in montpellier . 
  that 's what i missed most when i went studying elsewhere : the sea . 
  i did n't realize how much i needed to live near the sea . 
  you 'll also find iconic ports like s\u00e8te , and a lot of marinas , some of the biggest in europe / the world and big tourist stations like `` the cap d'agde '' or le grau du roi or la grande motte . 
  some people look down on them because they are affordable and crowded stations , but some people really love it there ( especially the dutch ) , be it for camping or summer rbnb . 
  montpellier , the main city of the region , is a human-sized student city with a lot of very beautiful neighborhoods and architecture . 
  we had a megalomaniac mayor for a while , and he built a ton of new neighborhoods and crazy shopping centers . 
  the city is one of the fastest-growing in population in france , but there are no real industries here so it 's a bit hard to find a job locally . 
  that being said i like the current system . 
  if you get a parliament that is too powerful , you end up with immobilism like in the us , spain , or belgium , where the parliament gets in the way of decisive political action ( which was exactly the case with the 4th republic ) . 
  i hold the firm belief that there needs to be one strong leader at the head of the governement to give the executive some margin to act . 
  exactly . 
  irak was not approved by the un and nato was n't officially in it . 
  it was a us-led coallition waging an illegal war . 
  i do n't think a very defensive bundeswher will drag the uk in any fight any time soon . 
  it 's more likely of that the us would do so based on precedent . 
  the french army however ... we have our battles in africa and it 's going to be tough to sell this to the germans . 
  then again , giving up mali and congo to isis-like organizations is not a solution . 
  i did n't know that about the netherlands . 
  it 's totally not true for france unfortunately . 
  yeah , it 's been decided a long time ago but some occitan language nuts opposed it because occitania was way larger originally ( they spoke occitan in provence ages ago aswell ) , and you 've got the catalans too that are protesting this , anyway . 
  occitanie in french , occitania in english . 
  on the immigrants = / = refugees semantics , maybe the polled people did n't dissociate the two in their minds and it could honestly be argued that some refugees are actually immigrants abusing a special status . 
  cyprus , greece , hungary and turkey are all at the frontline of the refugee waves and have the most negative opinions in the poll . 
  so it 's probably linked . 
  that 's not how \u00e9minence grise work . 
  her influence is going to be split . 
  her social program might be taken up by the left ( unlikely ) , and the right will try to copy her hard stance on immigration ( already happening ) , but neither will give her credit for that and it wont bring her any political gain . 
  she will never set foot in governement and no future president from a main party will take her advice for anything , nobody will call her to ask her what she thinks . 
  this would be political suicide , as much as it pains me to say . 
  in france like in many democratic countries , party lines trump common sense , so even if her adversaries build their political capital on some of her ideas , they will never collaborate with her . 
  furthermore , she has no presence in the parliament and is not going to have any as long as we have the system we do have for legislative elections . 
  a system that favors the main parties in place that only said parties could ever modify . 
  so it 's not going to happen . 
  where do you get the 40 + % from ? 
  seems very unlikely to me that she could attain such numbers in the 2nd turn . 
  it 'd be a safe bet to assume that her first turn numbers will be higher than her 2nd term numbers . 
  while her father 's party was never created as a ruling party , but more as an opposition party , mlp 's real goal is to become president . 
  right now , a european membership referendum in france would have a very predictable result in favor of staying . 
  she 's betting that the situation will get worse . 
  for all her flaws , she 's not the kind of politician to change her stances to match the direction of the public opinion . 
  i think it will make her unable to reach the highest office but she still thinks about winning 2017 . 
  the only way she could possibly win is if the other candidates are hollande and sarkozy , and even then we would most likely end up with one of these two being president again . 
  that 's a lose-lose-lose situation . 
  i can not eat pizza without a knife and fork personally . 
  especially if i 'm out . 
  at home i can make an exception but it feels bad . 
  are italians really eating their pizza without a fork and a knife ? 
  http://www.genealogie.com/nom-de-famille/classement-general-1 for french names , full list is here . 
  arguably the most popular french name origin is not martin but `` smith '' . 
  the combination of lef\u00e8vre , faure and lefebvre , fabre , lef\u00e9bure ... is superior to martin in numbers and all those names mean `` smith '' in ancient french . 
  but martin is first or close behind anyway . 
  while true , this is a direct consequence of the way we use the media . 
  newspapers are so eager to make money , they will tell people what they want to hear , and any obstacle between them and the ability to make selling newspapers a profitable thing is n't going to be enacted any time soon , and certainly not in ultra liberal britain out of all places . 
  obviously state funding media as a public services poses a number of critical issues , but having media funded by politicians and business owners who will have no remorses altering the headlines to suit their needs is not much better . 
  so unless a benevolent billionaire decides to support a newspaper financially or people start paying for news they are used to get for free , we 're free falling in term of media quality and reliability . 
  i 'm both sympathetic to greece arguments and your cause as a country . 
  having said that , why have the greeks attempts at finding an acceptable compromise been rejected ? 
  like `` slavic macedonia '' or `` vardar macedonia '' ... they do not sound bad at all , even if it 's just for international recognition and has no effect on how you call yourself . 
  how is the exact name republic of macedonia so important ? 
  other regions in europe are crossing borders : flanders , catalonia , moldavia , but people get along just fine . 
  it 's baffling that this thing has lasted for as long as independent macedonia has existed . 
  thought it was a horseload of deluded shit personally . 
  i thought it was already the case . 
  there is a religious tax in place on halal food already at the moment of the execution . 
  the article can be sarcastic at times , but i do n't see nothing * out of the ordinary * with those institutions . 
  some are not critically useful yet , some have a research purpose , it 's fine that they 're not in spotlight , most of them are not relevant outside of their field of specialty . 
  edited, 
  do n't overestimate it . 
  even the worst parts of paris like saint denis are n't on the level of the bronx or the worst baltimore ghettos . 
  and like in the bronx , some places in those ghettoes are actually gentrified . 
  in the 60 's those towers and mini-cities were built in an effort to house newly arrived immigrants . 
  but most of them were hastly made , and the urban planning was disastrous . 
  it was n't that bad though . 
  you can watch videos on youtube of people saying it is a mini-paradise , but it did n't age well . 
  with time , the whites left when they could afford better , the portuguese that built the towers left as well , but the arabs and blacks did n't get much better situations , so they stayed , and the buildings decayed . 
  some of these areas are prey to drug traffickers , but the bigger problems for most of these is the lack of jobs available in the area and the very poor level of the infrastructures ( vandalism does n't help at all ... ) . 
  lots of cultural problems too . 
  there is in my city an enclosed `` banlieue '' like this one . 
  they have the worst high schools of the city , and the parents appealed to the mayor so that they could spread some students around , so that their teens would n't grow up only frequenting arabs , and vice versa , mix it up a bit . 
  obviously , almost nobody wanted to send their children to the `` banlieue '' high school . 
  where i grew up , in a rural area , we were all mixed without racial or religious issues , and a lot of the families were poor , but it did n't change much . 
  i have a hard time understanding the plight of the banlieue as i never lived there , but it 's not that bad . 
  even drug money is money that benefits the local economy . 
  a few days ago a young black man died in suspicious events at the hands of cops ( heart failure or asphyxia ) . 
  two autopsies later , and the cause of death are mostly inconclusive on whether or not the death was accidental ( heart failure ) , or if he was beaten , or improperly held on the ground . 
  a lot of angry people are demanding justice and there is a case being instructed by the judicial system .
