  my butcher gave me a free sample . 
  i was n't really feeling it , neither did the cat , i threw it away unfortunately . 
  how close is it to french `` p\u00e2t\u00e9 de t\u00eate '' ? 
  looks like it . 
  as far as i know , the bribes were for the morrocan bid , they bought some votes , but lost in the end . 
  i would n't be surprised chirac bought some votes too though . 
  still , you got ta play the game to win , but france has always been shit at lobbying . 
  we had the best bid for the olympics , but london beat us because our representatives did n't lobby , not enough or not at all , i remember people in the news saying stuff in the vein of `` in this world to competitive you have to be lobby , and if we 're too retarded to do it , we 'll never host the olympics or the wc again '' . 
  that 's what i meant about the echr , we both agree . 
  and it 's not going to be reintroduced anytime soon , but a majority of the people are favorable to it . 
  http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2015/05/08/les-francais-juges-plus-favorables-a-la-peine-de-mort-qu-en-2014_4630334_3224.html my personal interpretation is that french laws are not strict enough , and most people do n't actually want the death penalty back , but rather actual lifetime incarceration ( at the moment , if you get life sentence , it 's 20 years + , not until you die ) and having prison sentences of two years and less enforced ( because they are not , our prisons are overcrowded ) . 
  nobody enforces the declaration of human rights , the council of europe on the other hand ... anyway , same in france , the majority of the population is for the reintroduction of the death penalty . 
  do n't downvote eporue too fast . 
  he 's right . 
  conservatives can get angry about it , but in the end , gay people represent an abysmal percent of the total population , and not all of them want to get married . 
  this is highly symbolic , but it 's mostly a lot of noise and debates over something irrelevant compared to other bigger topics . 
  but the true winners tonight are germany and austria . 
  natia !!, 
  nooo !!, 
  i thought it was really bland personally . 
  i do n't think its position is underserved . 
  hahaha britain did n't get a single point from australia . 
  even ireland gave them one . 
  guys !, 
  we just got three points !!, 
  amazing, 
  france is gon na fight for that dead last spot . 
  we 're not often in top 20 . 
  dat mediterranean alliance . 
  i liked the positivity and energy of the song . 
  my selection in no particular order : israel , uk , australia , italy . 
  they are good . 
  i like it a lot . 
  i do n't understand the quarter of it but it 's good . 
  mein furhrer , i can valk !, 
  it 's the eurovision , we should n't let politics affect the judgement we have for a neutral artistic performance . 
  georgia girl seems original . 
  i 'm hyped . 
  a bit of crazyness please !, 
  and the cheesiest song award goes to ... 
  hottest blonde was lithuanian . 
  please sing in spanish !, 
  such a beautiful language . 
  nah , there was france and montenegro too i believe . 
  what is the romanian song about ? 
  so far , i think straya was the best by far , what do you guys think ? 
  something tells me i will like latvia . 
  edit : expected hot girl band :( did n't happen, 
  yeah , we 've had far too many boring duos and solo romantic singers . 
  if dorne participated in modern eurovision , would it look like that ? 
  fundamental questions . 
  s\u00e9bastien tellier was the shit . 
  i loved it . 
  the scene choregraphy leaves me beffudled, 
  australia did n't get the memo . 
  fuck , that 's the best one so far . 
  if i were drunk enough i could dance to that . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  a bit like serbia or france . 
  serbia + cyprus duo would be sick . 
  this one is good . 
  i like it . 
  not very catchy though . 
  is it a story song ? 
  this is gon na be great !, 
  edit : wat , is it gon na be romantic bullcrap duo again ? 
  i actually prefer the uk . 
  that whooohooowhoooohoo just killed me . 
  why ? 
  i actually liked it a lot more than the previous ones ( i have no idea what the others will sing , just tuned in tonight ) . 
  are you sure it is ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's about world war 1 . 
  no , just no . 
  me , i would say that it 's either the battle of bouvines or the battle of poitiers . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_bouvines http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_tours both were pretty decisive . 
  destabilization of the middle east is not a concern for the usa , it has been your main goal for the past half century . 
  i 'm all for iran to get nukes . 
  countries like the usa and russia have shown that they do n't need to abide by international laws and treaties when they want to invade irak or ukraine , given the fact that iran has been the main target of the american propaganda machine , i fully understand and support their will to get their hands on nuclear weapons for nuclear deterrence . 
  parents named their kid '' [ titeuf ] ( http://cdn-gulli.ladmedia.fr/var/jeunesse/storage/images/canalj/la-tele/dessins-animes/titeuf/images/personnages/titeuf3/4279014-1-fre-fr/titeuf.jpg ) '' . 
  a silly pre-teen cartoon character . 
  court stated that this was n't in the best interest of the child and decided that the parents had to chose another name for their son . 
  http://www.legifrance.gouv.fr/affichjurijudi.do?oldaction=rechjurijudi&amp;idtexte=juritext000025379402&amp;fastreqid=45622692&amp;fastpos=1 if you 're french it 's sort of funny to read . 
  if even france , britain , and italy ca n't deal with them , i 'm not sure how malta could , really . 
  tiny country or not , this needs a global european response involving the transit countries ( turkey , maghreb ... ) that are also overwhelmed by these migrants , but politicians are too busy saying `` it 's x 's country 's responsability , they should deal with it alone , we do n't have money for this '' . 
  talibans claim the attack of a helicopter , on friday 8th of may , which carried six pakistanese nationals and eleven foreigners . 
  the helicopter crashed during landing . 
  the crash took place in a mountainous region in the north-east of pakistan , despite the slight inflitration of the terrorists in this part of the country . 
  the crash resulted in 6 casualties , amongst them the ambassadors of norway , the ambassador of the philippines as well as the two pilots , according to the army . 
  the spouses of the ambassadors of malaysia and of indonesia also lost their lives . 
  the ambassadors of poland and of the netherlands , for their part , were only wounded . 
  the talibans claim to have shot the helicopter with a ground to air missile , for now the pakistanese authorities have n't confirmed their involvement and speak of a technical error . 
  you do n't get it . 
  laicity is freedom of religion . 
  it 's freedom from religion . 
  necklaces with crosses were not allowed in my highschool . 
  they had to be burried under clothes or put away from sight . 
  you make a good point , but you fail to understand that close to nobody relies on basque , corsican , breizh or catalan on a daily basis . 
  and yes , the administration can admit official documents written in those languages if you do , that 's something the european union forced on us . 
  nobody is going to torture anybody for speaking those languages , there is even a tv channel where they speak breizh for some hours during the day , but as i said , this is more folklore than an actual political statement , and it 's fine like that . 
  it 's never going to be anything more , there are not enough native speakers for that .
