  they are also expected to bridle at any plans to empower groups of member states to choose to integrate more deeply , in effect creating a two-speed europe . 
  and so on ... 
  amir was okay , i wish he had won last year . 
  i really did n't like the winning song . 
  obviously the deal was brokered by either raiola or mendes . 
   german militarism untouched in context , you must realize this is a quote from someone who says that about 1919 germany . 
  i have nothing but love for nowadays germany and germans . 
  in this treaty britain has to be worse off than they were when they had membership . 
  hard brexit that may wants goes against a norway/switzerland-like agreement . 
  neither the uk or the eu have the political credit to afford a soft brexit . 
  even though it is not the best deal in the short term , the deal the eu wants will be the one that consolidate the union for the future , not the one that makes the most economical sense for the german car industry . 
  if you think the treaty of versailles was rough for germany ... well no . 
  it was n't , it was n't enough at all and that 's why we got wwii . 
  not the opposit . 
  you had a demographic giant in the middle of europe that was twice the size as france who did most of the fighting of ww1 on its territory , along with belgium 's . 
  the destruction never happened in germany , the germans never felt the war on their doorstep like the french did . 
  how could the reparations asked for the damage they caused be fair ( actually , the numbers were lower than the actual damage ) when the common people did n't even understand the extent of the damage caused ? 
  and so when the peace came , both the populace and the military were revengeful . 
  and then came the english and the americans who now say that the french were too rough on the germans at the end of wwi . 
  a lot of historians disagree . 
  the matter of the fact is that wilson used the military involvement of the americans as a way to redraw the map of europe according to the self-determination of nations principle but he also surrounded the german superpower with weak countries with german minorities in them . 
  meanwhile the brits hampered any chance that france and belgium would ever have at repayment , favoring the john meynard keynes approach that free trade was the way to peace . 
  while the british were all to eager to not leave the french as the sole superpower on the continent , going as far as denunciating the occupation of the left bank of the rhine that was accepted in the treaty . 
  the french commanders and head of states were pissed , they were furious . 
  that 's why foch said it was just a peace for 20 years . 
  in the end , the french accepted because wilson also proposed a mutual defence agreement ... far from the economic considerations of keynes or the messianic daydreams of wilson the german military was exulting . 
  ernst j\u00fcnger claimed `` anything which does not destroy us only increases our forces . 
  our time will come '' . 
  as soon as 1920 the americans were no longer in the society of nations as they reverted to an isolationistic foreign policy . 
  while the us did everything it could to reduce the reparations that germany had to pay , the free trade incentives and the sheer amount of us capital that was driving the german economy incidentally made it overreliant on the us . 
  so when the crisis of 1929 came , they felt it the hardest alongside with the us . 
  young de gaulle , twice wounded before being captured during wwi wrote : `` with years going on , germany will rise again and become more arrogant and finally not pay what it owes us '' . 
  and that 's what happened . 
  historian jacques bainville wrote in 1920 : `` if there is any reason to be pessimistic about europe after the treaty , this is for another reason than the point of view of mister keynes . 
  indeed the economical chaos is severe yet the political one is even worse . 
  alongside a mixture of nationalities , germany remains the only homogeneous nation , and one day its weight might make the whole continent topple over . 
  all the consideration of the economists will never change the reality of the effects of this significant imbalance . 
  as for the german militarism , it is untouched . 
  only lack the occasion and the man who will make it rise again '' . 
   i just call things what they are . 
  it 's just like , your opinion man . 
  germany and france do not have the same economy and do not export the same things . 
  france is a lot more like the uk than germany actually , and the british are doing marginally better than us , at least there are some things we could learn from them . 
  the problem is that germany is very happy with the current status quo , and any economical intervention would have to be at an eu level as these kinds of economical powers are mostly held by the eu institutions ( bce , european legislation ) . 
  forget about `` trickle-down economics '' which is very laissez-faire . 
  think of this looking at history . 
  in the 80 's france elected a socialist president , f. mitterand . 
  to fight the low growth of the country , he implemented several keynesian policies called the `` mauroy plan '' to boost the available income of the consumers so that they would buy more things and create more demand and the supply would follow starting a virtuous cycle . 
  what happened was not what was expected , it was a complete failure . 
  turns out that in the globalized economy of the 80s , the consumers would rather invest in german-manufactured golf cars and japanese tv sets if you gave them money . 
  the effects on the french economy were not felt . 
  this kind of thing is no longer possible at a non-eu level as it would be national favoritism anyway . 
  what macron aims to do is to boost the economy through statist intervention and policies ( so not trickle down economy ) but this time , aimed at the companies , the one who create the supply . 
  if you increase their competiveness in a globalized market by reducing corporate tax income , but also through other aspects , you can expect a moderate boost in employment and then in consumption . 
  starting an economical revival by boosting the purchasing power of the consumers first seems hardly feasible . 
  that being said , hollande 's cice which was exactly what i described , a fiscal gift to companies so they could hire more , has n't been working great either . 
  however bad were the soviet union , they were not the 3rd reich . 
  even the us , the uk and france comitted crimes against humanity during the war . 
  let 's not forget these , ever . 
  every war is grey , with a nuanced morality , and when it comes to the ussr , more so than with other allies countries , some people try to only see the positive , others , only the negative because there are political stakes over it today still . 
  i 'm grateful for the sacrifices the ussr has made in this war just as much as i 'm grateful for the ally soldiers that stormed the beaches of normandy or the underground fighters who kept on fighting in the face of certain death in the occupied countries . 
  the toll it took on your population and on your land , to fight back the nazi troops is humbling . 
  and i can already read the `` what about ... '' in the comments . 
  in this day , can we just focus on the victory achieved over the 3rd reich and celebrate it ? 
  can we just silently honor the lives of the countless anonymous soldiers who died fighting ? 
  vilifying the red army victory in 1945 is pointless . 
  today is not about the `` bad '' the ussr caused to europe , but the undeniable good it did . 
  and if you ca n't relate to it for political reasons , maybe try to relate to the commoners , the soldiers , the villagers who sacrificed their lives . 
  all i can see is a smiley face on the first pillar from the left . 
  homeless people could eat them because it 's less expensive than human food , some people could accidentally eat it . 
  it 's not that surprising , most animals eat the same things as us anyway !, 
  meat and vegetables . 
  it 's a law in france and i would n't be surprised if it were also an eu regulation . 
  people there are sensitive to her protectionistic values as they have been screwed hard by globalization . 
  answered the wrong comment . 
  thought you were talking about macron !!, 
  yeah , that guy has a radio voice , it 's not unpleasant ( although the man is ) . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i do n't hear anything out of the ordinary . 
  yep . 
  but nobody says eu . 
  if we use an acronym , it 's us or usa . 
  spent the whole debate attacking macron and not putting forward her program . 
  even her own voters said it went poorly for her , because macron had her beat in the rhetorics department and she also made a few factual mistakes . 
  the one thing that stands out is a very cringe-worthy move she did with her hands as pointed above by / u/forgot _ password_shit . 
  i did n't watch the debate though . 
  there was ol - ajax and as monaco - juventus turin at the same time . 
  no way i could miss that . 
  all pet food is fit for human consumption . 
  trump online supports sometimes call themselves `` pedes '' or `` centipedes '' . 
  a cuck is a cuckold , it is someone who likes to watch other people fuck his wife , it 's a sexual practice . 
  they call their adversaries `` cucks '' for that . 
  it can be very funny because `` pedes '' and `` p\u00e9d\u00e9s '' ( faggot ) are very close . 
  i agree with the `` what 's done is done '' element about the referendum . 
  the people have spoken , you ca n't undermine their vote like that . 
  yet , the author is not talking about the same kind of technology that obama used . 
  sure , in every elections , and obama was the frst to do it , social media matters a lot . 
  the main problem here is that a foreign billionaire used military-grade technology to tip the balance of the referendum in the favor of the personal and ideological interests of his cast . 
  there are direct ties between bannon and this . 
  as the author says :  this is not just a story about social psychology and data analytics .
