  swiss are stereotyped here for liking sports and being outdoorsy , much more so than the the french . 
  i honestly did n't know that . 
  but you also have to account for the lack of eu funds ( which may only be partially be taken up by a conservative uk governement ) and the lack of cheap labor from immigrants which both will have an impact on the price . 
  food is cheaper outside the eu but it wo n't be cheaper in the uk . 
  if there is a fta between the uk and the us including agricultural products , you can be certain it will be a huge crisis for the british farmers because they are not competitive . 
  most french farmers when it comes to meat and milk barely make any profit ( approximately 1 $ net benefit per beef cattle head ) and i doubt that the british are much more advanced than their continental counterparts when it comes to farming . 
  the us however ... you ca n't really compete with their huge farms . 
  exactly , they just might be less competitive than domestic british farmers though . 
  which is great for the british producers but they too in turn will suffer just the same from the competition of domestic eu27 farmers who will not have tariffs . 
  in the end , the irish farmers might lose a lot there . 
  it seems it 's an eastern mediterranean thing . 
  could it be also because you guys do n't walk as much , using cars much more . 
  that and coca-cola all the time . 
  i know that people do not walk as much in french polynesia due to the heat and the fact that everybody uses their cars there , and they tend to be a bit more fat than the continental french . 
  it once was ( middle ages ) a pilgrimmage spot just as famous as compostela or rome . 
  donald trump is 33 years older than melania trump . 
  brigitte macron is 25 years older than emmanuel macron . 
  why are you only bothered by the latter ? 
  i think she wanted some but could n't have them . 
  i doubt she 's the kind of woman who would adopt a poor african orphan though . 
  it 's been proven times and times again that video games had no impact on teenager 's violence . 
  porn though , i do n't know , it seems fallacious . 
  even for bdsm , people who are deemed deviants by the puritans like may should be able to access their niche content online . 
  i tend to think that in a free country you can wank to whatever you want . 
  macron on porn : `` porn ? 
  it 's just a part of life ! '' . 
  theresa may on porn : an increase in violent in video games and pornography means that many young people `` simply do not understand what a healthy relationship is '' , the home secretary has said . 
  between labour and libdems , which is more popular ? 
   the capital markets union is an eu initiative which aims to deepen and further integrate the capital markets of the 28 eu member states . 
   the capital markets union aims to :  provide new sources of funding for businesses , especially for small and medium-sized enterprises  reduce the cost of raising capital  increase options for savers across the eu  facilitate cross-border investing and attract more foreign investment into the eu support long-term projects  make the eu financial system more stable , resilient and competitive  to achieve these goals , the european commission has proposed an action plan containing a number of steps for a gradual building of the capital markets union to be completed by 2019 . 
  most of the actions are focused on shifting financial intermediation towards capital markets and breaking down barriers that are blocking cross-border investments . 
   the action plan includes a range of tools , from eu legal acts to support for initiatives led by the industry . 
  the project supports and complements the investment plan for europe initiative , which is designed to boost investment in the eu . 
   short-term measures under the action plan :  a package of two legislative proposals on securitisation  a review of existing rules on prospectuses  new rules on solvency ii to be applied to infrastructure projects  consultation on covered bonds  consultation on venture capital and social entrepreneurship funds  call for evidence on the cumulative impact of current financial rules http://www.consilium.europa.eu/en/policies/capital-markets-union/, 
  do n't you forget about collard and the south !!, 
  it 's my circonscription . 
  em put a famous torrera against him , we will see how it goes . 
  if you 're into quaint villages with vineyards and timbered houses , it probably is . 
  i like how some british conservatives try to take the high stand over marine le pen while they pander to the same demographics shamelessly and use even stronger policies . 
  theresa may is dangerous imho . 
  she 's more competent than trump but there is something awfully authoritarian in a british way about her . 
  nato is an international treaty with countries like turkey , the us and canada in it . 
  the european union defence projects and nato coexist . 
  but it has been decided more or less implicitely ( nothing written in the treaties ) that the eu would not interfere with nato . 
  that being said , it 's two parallel things and some countries would rather pursue a european defence initiative . 
  ireland being a neutral country much like switzerland is n't completely involved in nato nor in any european union defence project from which they always opt-out , these things are always voted on a consensual basis leaving the rights to individual country to opt-out . 
  i think that part of the problem pindar_mc is mentionning is the lack of research in gender-specific causes for male suicides : ptsd , issues at school ... most `` neets '' ( not in education employment or training ) are men too , but nobody really wonders why . 
  there is a social problem there and i do n't think feminism is the answer . 
  there is a difference between a commercial product being discriminatory and a eu-regulated standard for a product . 
  if the standard of quality for the same product is not the same accross the union it could be ground for a consumer right litigation on the ground of unfair discrimination . 
  but even that is a reach . 
  it will be up to the company to prove that the difference of quality accross the border is justifiable . 
  which is actually very debatable because a company has some freedom to do what it wants and the consumer to `` not buy '' products that are of inferior quality . 
  can a company be expected to hold the same standard of quality for their products accross the union ? 
  in the same vein , the eu regulation on food is mostly related to mandatory information so the consumer knows what he buys . 
  if the information on the ee packages is proven to be false , there could be troubles but at the same time , if it is true , then , the consumer is informed and ca n't complain . 
  at any rate , a country ca n't really regulate on what is a baguette or not and such ( like what is the level of alcohol a beer needs to have to be a beer ) . 
  if you do you risk entering the cursed grounds of ... qrmee ( quantitative restructions and measures having equivalent effects ) . 
  the eu do n't like that . 
  at all . 
  i 'm not sure it 's a middle name . 
  i read it 's her full name because her parents are divorced so she takes both names . 
  women can be opposed to furthering the cause of women emancipation and gender equality . 
  take marion mar\u00e9chal le pen for exemple , she 's anti-abortion because she says she was `` an accident '' . 
  the biggest biggot of french politics is a woman too ( christine boutin ) . 
  marion represents the `` right wing '' of the fn party , philippot the `` left wing '' . 
  marion is very catholic and anti-abortion , for one . 
  marine le pen is a bit in the middle but she offloaded her father because he was a burden , too extreme . 
  she 's not the biggest advocate for women but she 's somewhat feminist as she used to be a lawyer defending women victims of domestic abuse . 
  her number 2 , philippot , is very anti-euro , but he 's also more socially liberal , some people say he 's behind the fact that marine le pen never took a stand on gay marriage , as he is gay himself . 
  so yeah , if you think marine is batshit crazy , meet the niece . 
  i talk about religion because that 's been the defining political topic for marion mar\u00e9chal le pen . 
  your comment is just as hollow as your convictions . 
  you wrote two paragraphs yet there is no content in it . 
  if you 're truly a euro-federalist , you should hope that the next polish governement is going to work towards harmonization of taxes and minimum wages accross the union to increase the quality of life of its citizens . 
  a level-playing field when it comes to public tenders and general social dumping would be beneficial to all of us . 
  because you know ... if you 're a federalist , you think about the wellbeing of all the citizens in the eu , not just how lowering or stabilizing the wages of the polish workers under what qualifies as the poverty line in germany ( for example ) will allow corporations to exploit your poor workers shamelessly or by domino effect , drag down the hard earned rights of the western european workers to the point where they have to work inhumane hours and be payed almost nothing . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  and i 'm not just talking about france but countries with expensive social services . 
  europe has to move forward . 
  otherwise it 's france who is going to exit . 
  to move forward with countries led by eurospetics like poland without breaking the union you need a two-speed europe . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  macron has the mandate for that . 
  if he does n't deliver on that , it 's le pen in 5 years . 
  poland is both the biggest net recipient of eu aid and the largest provider of cross-border labor , social dumping is a real issue for the western part of the union at the moment . 
  it is also the most anti-russian member of the eu ( that being said i 'll gladly concede that putin does n't need help from anyone to look bad ) , it is also the most unwilling country to move forward with the migrant crisis , and it does n't even have the $ . 
  it is reluctant to eu military over nato . 
  given all that maybe you should reconsider your position on which country is acting on the best interest of the union and which one is slowing it down because of petty interests . 
  i 'll give you a hint , it 's the one who 's capable of holding up a complete brussel summit over a petty national squabble . 
  there are no threats . 
  you talk about cooperation and compromise but that 's what i 'm telling you . 
  poland does n't do that . 
  that 's why it wont work !, 
  there is some subtext to it . 
  poland has been on france 's shitlist for a while now and it wo n't change until the next polish administration . 
  this is actually the first time in history that france is at odds with both russia and poland at the same time , usually there 's always one on our side . 
  remember the mistral deal with russia ? 
   poland had indeed threatened to break off negotiations [ with france ] , which covered 50 caracal helicopters worth $ 2.5 billion , if we delivered the ships few months later  the polish ministry of economic development has announced the end of negotiations over a potential offset deal with airbus helicopters , indicating that the ministry of defence will not purchase caracal military transport helos for the country 's military . 
  and more recently  with theresa may absent , leaders from warsaw and budapest will puncture any mood of self-congratulation .
