  she acted protecting her pack , maybe duty is n't the right word sure , but i get what / u/sookeysam meant . 
  french law ( codified civil law ) . 
  so the constitution and the international treaties would both be of superior value . 
  what i wrote is not what they proposed , that 's what already exists . 
  alright , let me get my books . 
  here we go , here 's what the french law says : french nationality can be lost properly when the french state decides that the interested individual is n't worthy enough of being french because he was n't loyal enough to it ( the state ) ( a ) . 
  one individual can also lose its citizenship if he or she is condemned ( b ) . 
  a. disloyalty ( i do n't know if the word exists , does n't matter , i invented it if not ) . 
  the default of loyalty aims the frenchman ( or woman ) , who , de facto , acts as a national of another state . 
  in this case , he can be declared to have lost his french nationality by decrete after being given assent from the conseil d'etat ( art . 
  23-7 of the code civil ) . 
  to avoid any risk of statelessness , the decrete adoption is subordinated by the acquisition of the foreign nationality . 
  the stripping ( best translation i could come up with ) of french nationality ( art . 
  25 and 25-1 ) !, 
  can only be stripped from french nationality the one who acquired it , therefore excluding originally french people !, 
  the stripping is pronounced by decrete after being given assent from the conseil d'etat if the individual is condemned by one of the infractions mentioned at the article 25 of the code civil . 
  notably : acts which harms the fundemental interests of the nation , acts harming the public administrations when the concerned citizen is himself working for the state , acts of terrorism , etc. 
  again , the legislator subordinated the stripping of the french nationality to the condition that the interested would n't become stateless . 
  you also forgot zola . 
  i hated his books , they filled me with angst and made me depressed for months , but that was what they were written for . 
  if someone is looking through this list and is looking for more modern authors , i think barjavel ( sci-fi : la nuit des temps ) is good , so is romain gary ( la vie devant soi ) , and everybody i know likes fred vargas ( crime novels ) . 
  fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric beigbeder 's 99 francs was also a big hit . 
  that 's one of the biggest esport title , fifa and fighting games too . 
  yep , the us is one of the fastest growing market . 
  but a lot of french cheeses are banned from exportation to the us due to silly regulations ( mimolette and roquefort amongst others i believe , because they are moldy ) . 
  france was a constitutional monarchy for most of the 19th century . 
  also , the 1st republic was only proclaimed after attempts at a constitutional monarchy based off the british system failed because of louis xvi reluctance to accept that he could n't be an absolute monarch ( he vetoed every bill ) . 
  that , and the fact he fled , made him incredibly unpopular , and he was beheaded in a rather drastic turn of events , after that , there was no turning back . 
  my numbers are a bit dated , but it 's still close to that i believe . 
  i ca n't find an online source . 
  i read it in a market study a few days ago . 
  other impressive numbers : 83 % of the interrogated persons answered that everybody in their familiy eat cheese , 73 % consider it a food that you ca n't get tired of . 
  cheese represents 7 % of the total food budget of the average household , and 42 % of budget for diary products . 
  you also have to take into account all the emmental on the pizzas and the pasta , and the bechamel , all those cases where cheese is part of the cooking process . 
  96 % of the french population eat cheese at least ten times a week . 
  it 's a cornerstone of the culture , it pairs well with wine and baguette bread . 
  on average , a french person eats 24 kg or so of cheese per year . 
  the only country that east more cheese is greece with 26,4 kg of cheese per year and inhabitant i think . 
  there are more than 400 varieties of cheese on the french market . 
  some historical context for the three main figures of bonapartism and gaullism . 
  bonapartism was n't designed by napoleon the 1st , but rather by napoleon the 3rd , emperor of the french . 
  he 's often overlooked because of his numerous foreign policy blunders , but he was a great emperor at home and after he was elected in 1852 ( which put an end to the 2nd republic ) , he stayed in power through numerous referendums until 1870 , referendums are one of the most important part of the bonapartist political ideology . 
  he was n't an absolute monarch , there still was a parliament he had to deal with and they arguably were responsible for a lot of the things that went wrong during his time . 
  that being said , napoleon the 1st was n't a bloodthirsty man , nor was he a warmongerer , except maybe for spain . 
  great britain was ready to do everything to restore the bourbon monarchy in france , and the seven coallitions they lead are proof to that . 
  napoleon did n't cause wars , war was declared upon him almost every time . 
  we like strong leaders in france . 
  de gaulle was the most popular military figure in france after ww2 , and he lead a post-war government that managed to put social reforms in place , then he retired from politics , only to come back later after what we call `` the march through the desert '' . 
  at the highest levels most of the socialist from blum 's executive and a lot of the capitalist conservatives collaborated with the germans , the communists came out stronger than ever out of this conflict because they more or less led the resistance and the ussr was the heroic victor of the war , but most of the population still saw them as too radical . 
  therefore , both the socialists and the capitalists ideals were rejected by the people , and strong social policies were implemented during this short-term mandate by de gaulle who was n't quite socialist , or communist , or liberal-capitalist . 
  after the war , the 4th republic was created and as in the 2nd empire and the 3rd republic , the parliament had too much power . 
  the executives kept changing every few months , and no long-term policy could be implemented . 
  when the conflict in algeria erupted , the country was in great turmoil . 
  and so de gaulle was asked to come back , but he would do so at one condition , and one condition only : he would get to design the constitution of a 5th republic which attributes a lot of power to the executive and particularly the president , including the capacity to dissolve the parliament . 
  he was given full powers and when the situation in algeria went from terrorism to civil war , he crushed the revolt ( with unpopular policies including a mandatory draft ) only to grant the region its independance just after . 
  this might be his most controversial decision as a lot of french people had to flee algeria , more than 3 millions european french lived there ( the `` black foots '' or pieds noirs represented roughly a 3rd of the population ) , and many did n't make it back after they were abandoned ( there was no evacuation plan or rescue plan prepared , only spain and italy sent boats to help the french flee algeria ) the french sympathizers who outnumbered the independantists , which labeled them `` harkis '' ( traitors ) were disarmed and left to die as well , a betrayal that darkened the image of the man . 
  at the end of the 1960 's , the world was changing , de gaulle had been reelected but the youth revolt of may 68 symbolized a cultural shift from a certain old-school conservatism to a freer society . 
  the 5th republic stayed , but in 1969 , de gaulle quit after failing to put in place reforms through a referendum he pushed . 
  the gaullist party merged with the `` capitalist-liberals '' to form a single party , and today , gaullists are a rare breed and the political party , the republicains , formerly known as the ump , is having an identity crisis . 
  jacques chirac was more or less a gaullist , sarkozy was definitely not . 
  but while the constitution of the country has n't changed that much , the powers of the executives are not as strong as they were when de gaulle first designed it , partly because of the eu and because of the power lobbyists have over politics nowadays . 
  plus , referendums went out of fashion , even after the 2005 refusal of an eu consitution deemed too liberal , sarkozy still managed to ratify the lisbon treaty without a referendum , while the two treaties were quite different , a lot of people claim that the public opinion was overlooked on that particular topic . 
  attempts to implement referendums through popular initiative failed miserably a few years ago as both the parliament and the senate wrote addendums to the law project that completely ruined it with too many conditions , one of which was to have the assent of the parliament . 
  so the results of this poll are not surprising . 
  things just go full circle . 
  to be fair , during junior high we had pre-heated `` polenta '' or some greenish cod brandade that would slide on the plate without leaving a trace almost every day , as well as some rubber-tasting chicken when we were lucky . 
  i hated it and i 'm a bit picky when it comes to food . 
  for 4 years , i sustained myself with tap water and bread at noon because i did n't want to eat that . 
  i do n't really agree with that . 
  i think each country should have its say , so that even smaller countries vetos are important . 
  plus , i 'm strongly against turkey integration in the eu , demographically turkey would soon become the largest country in europe and therefore would have the most votes and representatives in the institutions , above germany , france , italy and the uk . 
  and turkey is better off without the eu i think . 
  strong cooperation and bilateral ( eu-turkey ) trade agreements are the way to go . 
  in my public and rural high school , we had 8 , and there were always a vegetarian option , and a pork free option . 
  the chef also made special dishes for students that had very specific allergies or needs . 
  at the entrance of the restaurant , you had a sign for each proposed course that detailed how much calories they contained . 
  you could pick whatever you wanted too , so you could mix and match , and there were fries almost everyday , in free service . 
  sometimes we had burgers , chicken wings ( but in limited amounts ) and there was of course the fantastic christmas meal with some turkey , some nice potatoes , and a nice yule log as desert ( i wont say it provoked riot , but almost ) . 
  it was thanks to a very talented chef . 
  and all of that cost 3.5 $ per meal . 
  if you did n't want that , there was also a cafetaria that proposed quick salads and pizza slices ( 2 $ or so ) . 
  a lot of people also liked to eat outside ( you could leave the high school whenever you did n't have class and eat at a local sandwich shop that also did some pretty nice kebabs that actually were not hallal . 
  it makes sense then that london is invaded by the french . 
  champagne not in champagne , but in the pastis-ricard dominion , surprising . 
  [ montpellier ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/montpellier#/media/file:blason_ville_fr_montpellier.svg ) so basically , it 's the virgin mary holding baby jesus , but while it 's the virgin mary she 's also `` our lady of the tables '' , because there were a lot of tables for coin changers near the church of notre-dame . 
  and it 's blue and gold for some reason that is not known . 
  also , a and m stands for ave maria , very original . 
  the would-be japanese flag is actually the coat of arms of the local lords of melgueil . 
  yeah of course , i know that !, 
  even the british and the irish have rescued boats in the med . 
  i just think cooperation between the aforementionned southern countries within one institution is easier to achieve compared to eastern european/balkanic countries . 
  that being said , right now we need cooperation in the med , and italy , france , spain , portugal and of course malta and greece could work together with their navies , i presume . 
  i really like this project . 
  but i feel like the eastern countries are not as ready for it as the southern ones . 
  sometimes bakeries and shops open on sunday morning , but rarely sunday afternoon . 
  if they work on sunday , usually they just take monday off , it 's better that way for bakeries and restaurants . 
  exactly , also , fountain and `` la fontaine '' , maybe in those , some refer to the author , and others to an actual fountain ( must be the latter , and i must have mistranslated ) . 
  france en 2009 # voie occurrences * 1 rue de l'\u00c9glise 7 965 - church street * 2 place de l'\u00c9glise 5 755 - church square * 3 grande rue 3 943 - grand street ( would be translated main street ) * 4 rue du moulin 3 566 - mill street * 5 place de la mairie 3 430 - townhall square * 6 rue du ch\u00e2teau 2 963 - castle street * 7 rue des \u00c9coles 2 779 - schools street * 8 rue de la gare 2 771 - trainstation street * 9 rue de la mairie 2 672 - townhall street * 10 rue principale 2 452 - main street * 11 rue du stade 2 421 - stadium street * 12 rue de la fontaine 2 346 - la fontaine street * 13 rue pasteur 2 020 - pasteur street * 14 rue des jardins 1 755 - gardens street * 15 rue victor-hugo 1 621 victor hugo street so louis pasteur has more streets named after him than victor hugo or even de gaulle who did n't make the top 15 . 
  i 'm surprised . 
  it 's quite scandalous but i do n't think they represent a majority , or even the muslims or the feminists .
