  there is a cheesy cop show i 've been watching with my mother , ris : delitti imperfetti in italian . 
  it 's okay . 
  i mean , it 's on the same level as alarm f\u00fcr cobra 11 ( `` alerte cobra '' in french ) , but it 's still enjoyable . 
  [ kaamelott ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz5kuptjzku&amp;index=1&amp;list=plxsl4bjcyoovsqm9vbyhvjlcmcyoy_pzo ) with subtitles in english , the episodes after the trailer are blocked in france , but maybe some of you can watch them/bypass youtube 's censorship . 
  [ braquo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/braquo ) ( adult ) . 
  i 've been rewatching it recently , and it 's still awesome , especially the first season . 
  also , link to download them with subtitles : https://www.reddit.com/r/french/comments/3c8fsf/les_revenants_braquo_and_engrenages_tvseries/, 
  just north of brazil . 
  yes , i have . 
  more often people mix up france with italy / germany / spain . 
  in some other countries , notably a peculiar island where it always rain and people eat minted pigs , one can go through high school with absolutely no basic knowledge in geography , or so i 've heard . 
  i do n't bother , i just roll with it and tell them it 's next to sudan or something and see how far i can go . 
  how is the current migrant crisis about past colonialism ? 
  it 's not even remotely relevant to the issue at hand , and it 's the kind of populist discourse i would expect from lowly educated people rather than professional journalists . 
  if we ca n't move forward on issues like the control of eu borders , how do you expect a unified front against russia ? 
  i guess everybody in europe just wants to see the crisis they have to endure , and not the ones of their neighbors . 
  it depends , i find it mostly weird . 
  there was no need to translate capital cities name imho . 
  i have n't played since 07 though . 
  yep we do . 
  belgians and swiss people that speak french form pretty much a big french-speaking community online , it 's really hard to spot a difference without hearing an accent . 
  you 'll often find a few belgians and swiss in wow guilds or french-speaking cs teams for example . 
  we also meet a fair deal of people from qu\u00e9bec , but there is a significant time difference . 
  sometimes there are north-africans too . 
  there might be some banter between us , but nothing too serious . 
  socialism has been defined to me like this as well , but i am aware that there is n't only one definition of the term . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm fine with telling parents that their kids ca n't have meat because they are muslims or jews . 
  i can imagine a meeting `` so , who 's gon na tell them ? '' . 
  that could be bad press . 
  on the other hand , if i were running a school , an establishment that is always short on funds , i might cut spending on food and serve everyone the same standardized pre-heated fish-based green goo . 
  ca n't go wrong with fish . 
  that 's how the debate reappeared . 
  schooled erased pork from their menus altogether , because it was easier to serve one meal , and it also solved the religious exception problems . 
  i went to two establishments , one had 6 to 8 different meals a day , all very well cooked by a chef , and the nutrients and calories were detailed very well . 
  the other , green fish goo , a lot of green fish goo , and sometimes pasta , rice , chicken , ca n't go wrong with that . 
  it 's actually kind of a big deal . 
  if it were not , then muslim and jews would eat pork and be like `` whatever , it 's just meat '' . 
  usually school restaurants accomodate very well with this and if mehmed has chicken instead of pork , nobody is going to blink an eye . 
  but some people , on both sides , have agendas , either to destroy laicity because it 's incompatible with their religion or anti-nationalistic views , or because it 's easy to make a big deal out of a non-issue in order to paint the muslim community and immigration in a negative light . 
  only during winter !, 
  another thing that is popular in winter is selling roast chestnuts in the streets . 
  you failed to demonstrate anything with this post . 
  arizona and manhattan are in the same country , the us is a federation , but it 's not a federation of independent countries , there are subcultures , but there are subcultures within every european countries . 
  arizona has a subculture , so does manhattan , but at the end of the day , the usa still has a national identity , and there exist an american way of life that is superior to this and overcome all those divisions . 
  states identities , it 's just folklore , accents , football teams , sceneries , and pizzas recipes . 
  i 'll even say that canada and the usa are more alike than germany and austria could ever be . 
  or a buddy cop movie . 
  on one side , during high school , i studied c\u00e9line ( extremely talented author , arguably the best ever , but also a third reich sympathizer ) like many , many other students . 
  we have our political correctness too , but it does n't stand in the way usually . 
  the other day , someone on r/france said that `` fatal '' was a funny bad movie , and i decided to watch it , and half the movie would be censored in the us , '' [ c'est du champagne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tksefhkkgd8 ) '' . 
  on the other ... 
  i can see american political correctness creep its way into my life slowly . 
  and while i 've been quoted and insulted and harassed because of srs on another account i 've since deleted , it also happens in real life . 
  my sister is part of a parisian feminist/coder circle and they organized a `` non-mixt '' ( for women only ) event . 
  at the end of the evening , my sister 's boyfriend who was at another party nearby came to get her , and he politely said hi ... only to recieve an aggressive email the next day telling him that his sexually loaded eyes made a girl highly uncomfortable and that she would contact hr over this . 
  it 's just an anecdote though , but people like that exist here too . 
  as long as my grand-mother is alive , and as long as those who murdered her family are alive in germany , this will not belong to the past for me . 
  actually yes . 
  french wanted total annihilation of the german nation . 
  they did n't quite get it , if foch had had his way , there would n't have been another world war . 
  well , there is shit , and then there is two world wars and a genocide . 
  i know it 's not polite to bring it up , but yeah , there are worst things that happened than fiscal fraud on a state level in the past century . 
  most hilarious thing , politicians were more clement with post-ww2 and ww1 germany than they are with greece today . 
  i ca n't wait for the french and german european couple to split up . 
  it 's both , you 're not wrong , sorry for sounding patronizing . 
  it just seemed odd to me because those attacks were on the news 24/7 when they happened . 
  in the muslim world politics and religion are often two sides of the same coin , except maybe in turkey . 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  russia has suffered tremendously because of muslim terrorists attacks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_theater_hostage_crisis https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beslan_school_siege https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/december_2013_volgograd_bombings, 
  you missed the point completely . 
  he says that no country has a moral duty to pay back debts . 
  germany , and not only in ww2 , never payed back its debt because it was a burden for the germans and the german economy . 
  he 's making a point that generations to come should n't have to pay the debts of their elders . 
  if germany thinks greece is going to completely pay its debt , germany is delusional , and that 's his point . 
  greece needs reforms , that 's certain , but once they are enacted , there is no point in not restructuring the debt for them . 
  how so ? 
  he 's not the one making the bild covers , or the politician populist statements . 
  no , it 's more of a `` fuck you '' to politicians who try to make a technical debate into a moral debate . 
  they can be that accurate . 
  sometimes they are manipulated too . 
  sarkozy might have done that with a poll agency , not proven yet , but suspected . 
  that 's the thing really . 
  when countries have interests which align , they act . 
  when their interests do n't align , how do you justify political action ? 
  could be . 
  but you 're talking about covert operations , it 's a bit different , is n't it ? 
  that 's now . 
  most countries are pulling out of the area , and their involvement differs greatly in nature . 
  this does n't refute any arguments i made . 
  i heard a totally different story . 
  i 'll have to look into it more . 
  edit : actually you 're totally right and i was wrong . 
  huge waste of money . 
  i 'm talking about mali , lybia , central african republic . . afghanistan is another deal , but still , a good example of my point . 
  most eu countries with decent armies sent troops to afghanistan , that we can agree on . 
  but in afghanistan , countries commitment were not equals , and i 'm not talking about manpower only . 
  some countries had strict rules that they would n't engage in actual fighting . 
  [ people have n't forgotten the ambush of uzbin ] ( http://www.lexpress.fr/actualite/monde/comment-l-italie-controlait-la-vallee-d-uzbin-en-afghanistan_794782.html ) for example . 
  also i 'm pretty sure poland had a deal with the us regarding their middle-east operations , and they got shafted hard .
