  we make laws for everything , we 're not a common law country . 
  there are a lot , but the one that never fails to make laugh is gad elmaleh . 
  i did n't like it either . 
  very surprised . 
  yep , loved it too, 
  nowadays , wherever he goes , he 's got two crowds of people following him : hardcore supporters , and hardcore `` haters '' who taunt him . 
  his campaign is dead , any momentum is gone . 
  he wont climb in the polls . 
  he 's almost become a meme and everybody makes fun of him , starting with the satirist newspaper which uncovered the whole story . 
  ca n't help but read all their articles about him with a grin on your face . 
  yeah . 
  they make sense though . 
  the 3rd started with the german occupation of 1870 and ended with the german occupation of ww2 , the 4th republic was n't working due to instability and the crisis in algeria made things worse , the 5th was a shift towards a presidential constitution and that 's where we are now . 
  now the 6th republic of m\u00e9lenchon is based on modern problematics : ecology and the role of finance in the economy ( and a lot more ) . 
  i wo n't vote for him , but i agree with big parts of his project and i respect his ideas . 
  i do n't see it as instability but rather adaptation to a new paradigm . 
   he 's slightly further to the left than hamon a bit more than slightly further to the left than hamon . 
  it 's a totally different project . 
  hamon wants to be president , m\u00e9lenchon wants a tabula rasa . 
  he wants to start a new republic and resign from the presidency once his reforms are enacted . 
  he does n't want to rule , he truly wants to break the system . 
  gaul was a massive basin of population from antiquity to the middle ages , basically the china of western europe . 
  france was a massive power because of demography alone . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/da/demographie-france.jpg during the 100 years war there was between 16 and 17 millions subjects in france . 
  for comparison , england had 4 millions inhabitants . 
  it is believed malthusian policies had a big impact . 
  you underestimate the uk 's standing in the world . 
  then again , they overestimate it , but in the face of harsh challenge , brazen optimism and ambition might be the way to go for the british governement . 
  the uk getting closer to australia is not a threatening move for china or india . 
  they will probably have a hard time negotiating a new `` commonwealth '' anyway . 
  charlie hebdo is not really witty . 
  it 's crass for the sake of crass . 
  http://i.imgur.com/nbwt9co.jpg i was n't that far off really !, 
  can you imagine how ridiculous the statement would be if the role were reversed . 
  `` interviewer : so jean-claude dupont , what do you think will happen to trading in dunkirk after brexit `` j.-c dupont : the english will never take back dunkirk , we will go to war if needed to protect our territorial integrity . 
  vive la france , vive la r\u00e9publique '' shitty tabloid newspaper title the next day : `` 500 years after french heroine jeanne d'arc kicked the british out of france , the english are back at it again , more on page 5 '' . 
  they are both subcategories of the same kind of law : roman or romano-germanic civil law . 
  so the color scheme should represent that , but it does n't . 
  the german had the b\u00fcrgerliches gesetzbuch ( 1896 ) and the french the code napol\u00e9on ( 1804 ) , both spread beyond their borders and have been modernized . 
  they are `` general '' civil law corpuses . 
  they are relatively similar . 
  it is believed the bgb was more technical . 
  it 's also missing the vatican city and canon law . 
  fun fact : in the us , louisiana has civil law and i believe so does qu\u00e9bec in canada . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/map_of_the_legal_systems_of_the_world_%28en%29.png i like this map better !, 
  is n't that what i just said ? 
  i think he brings up churchill example because it is selfless and admirable in opposition with the brexit . 
  it 's a juxtaposition of opposits aswell . 
  it 's not what he means . 
  he does n't mean the brits were selfish . 
  he 's saying it 's a selfish act that goes against everything that has happened since 1939 , when churchill fought to save europe from nazism . 
  then again , he expresses himself very poorly , or the translation is misleading . 
  my father had a citro\u00ebn c5 ( work car ) and now he has a kadjar . 
  i really digged the citro\u00ebn c5 for the comfort and dislike the suv feel of the kadjar even though it 's arguably more comfortable . 
  the problem with the `` made in france '' label is the ton of counterfeiting there is in the luxury industry where the label is the most important . 
  it 's not as much a selling factor for cars except on the national market . 
  that being true , i think greece has a very modern navy and airforce , am i wrong ? 
  environment . 
  in an other time this guy could have been an anarchist bomber . 
  i dislike all religions , but i do believe experts who say that this kind of isis terrorism attracts a special kind of fucked up people . 
  people who are misled and have a preexisting grudge against society . 
  people who feel like life fucked them over . 
  the nice truck driver was a unhappy and violent sexual deviant , the orlando guy a closeted gay man ... in the end even the isis recruiters who turn these people in living weapons arent ideologically motivated , they just see these useful idiots as a mean to an end : spread terror and appear relevant . 
  the same thing exists in christianity , the us v. them and siege mentalities but they are more tame nowadays . 
  lynching blacks or burning them on crosses is unfashionable . 
  giving tons of money to predicators for their private jets is not . 
  it is easy to manipulate desperate individuals , arabs or not . 
  i am not saying the guilty parties have no personal responsability in it but the sociological factors are important . 
   we can only imagine they came for the day out in london to escape the terror in their own capital til paris is a warzone . 
  i think that this qualifies as a warcrime or a crime against humanity , not a genocide . 
  there is no planification of extermination of a population based on their race or religion . 
  it can be harder for a woman to have both a career and a family life in germany . 
  in france , there is not as much judgement when you have a kid during your studies ( some of my friends did ) and you can easily get your job back after a maternity leave , and it 's easier to get access to daycare . 
  a german person told me there is also a cultural stigma in germany where you supposed as a mother to raise your kid yourself ( nannies and daycare can be frowned upon ) . 
  it 's also a more religious and conservative country . 
  i live in camargue . 
  can confirm , lots of mosquitos . 
  no matter how much i can argue the same , for having studied both extensively at a university level , people will still say that the lisbon treaty is just like the constitutional treaty ... 
  oh yeah i agree , the state of romania probably has better things to fund . 
  it just does n't look `` monstrous '' . 
  i mean , it could be super ugly , it 'd be way worse . 
  i 've seen some publicly funded modern art projects in france that look like shit . 
  http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/routes/images/8/87/saucisse_et_donut.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20081006165634 the `` donut sausage '' roundabout ... in my city . 
  atrocious , payed with public funds . 
  it 's not bullshit . 
  the eu makes regulation for itself and you can agree to follow them or not . 
  i do n't know , it 's a pretty church . 
  some people see the company as an upside , and for the driver , it allows him or her to save on costs , also ... portugal is maybe a bit small for this to be that useful but there are always times when it comes in handy . 
  in france and i think spain too there is no need for ads anymore . 
  its use is very widespread . 
  i knew like 5 or 6 people in my entourage who used the app at least once a week , i even used it for 3 months to carpool to work with someone every morning . 
  kinda like french cheese and anal sex . 
  [ original plan ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2tcrko4oeu ), 
  yep , pretty common . 
  there are less strikes in france than foreign countries ( including germany ) but they are more efficient and publicized . 
  if you look at rates , the only reason workers union are promoted is because of some legal systems in which they must be asked an opinion but in truth , less than 6 % of the workfore belong to a union which is ridiculously low when compared to germany for exemple . 
  i do n't think that here people hate the rich either but that we have a cultural clash with the anglo-saxon sphere when it comes to `` solidarity vs. charity '' and the root of this clash is in the catholicism vs. protestantism opposition . 
  as a catholic you 're expected to give back to the less fortunate , and this mentality has permeated our culture even though it has no religious bearing in it anymore . 
  that 's why we try to have a fair and proportional taxation system . 
  the thing is , the center was always right leaning .
