  and their self-produced movies ( okja , war machine ) are average at best . 
  the fuck is gravy ? 
  from / u/semeuse on r/france [ sondage d\u00e9taill\u00e9 ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/01/14/extramarital-affairs-topline/ ) :  do you personally believe that married people having an affair is morally acceptable , morally unacceptable , or is it not a morale issue ? 
  r\u00e9ponses pour la france :  morally acceptable : 12 %  morally unacceptable : 47 %  nor a moral issue : 40 %  depends on the situation ( volunteered ) : 0 %  dk/refused : 0 %, 
  seems weird really . 
  i do n't think most people think cheating is okay here ... actually i am right . 
  only a small minority think this is morally acceptable . 
  40 % + say this is not a moral matter . 
  i think it comes down to judging other people 's choices . 
  i for one does n't tolerate infidelity in my couple , but if some people are in opened relationships or have decided to forgive their partner for their infidelity , good for them . 
  yeah they are stupid . 
  wolves and bears went extinct a while ago so maybe they became complacent but there still are special breeds of dogs to fend off wolves and bears , the patou . 
  i know i know . 
  it was a joke . 
  neoliberal is a weird word as it 's a concept that is hard to apply to politics outside of the frame it was initally designed to be used in . 
  anyway , macron 's loss of popularity , which is merely 10 points and still leaves him fairly high in the standings , is due to him handling military budget cuts and obtaining the resignation of a very competent and beloved general of the armies who , in an off-air comment that journalists still published , criticized heavily the governement actions . 
  other elements come into play , but this is the first big pr problem of the macron presidency . 
  how is 2 speed europe a stick ? 
  and constant pessimism is a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  yep . 
  the very countries the uk pushed the eu to add to the single market . 
  a two speed europe is the answer to the different desires of integration of the state members . 
  an \u00e0 la carte program if you pardon my french is very consensual and flexible . 
  most of eu regulations have opt outs anyway so it would n't be that different from the current routine . 
  but forward towards more integration is the only way for france . 
  is n't optimism the first step towards the self confidence you cry out for ? 
  i might sound brainwashed ( or optimistic ) but i am eager to see what ambitious idealistic macron and the brexit can do to europe . 
  maybe brexit is the political crisis that could make us more united . 
  this makes little sense . 
  are you really applying a psychological stigma to the whole of the eu ? 
  nah the problems of the eu are ones of leadership and integration . 
  in crisis times the eu takes a hard hit but as the economy gets better the machine will start working again at full regime and become less fragile and hopefully we will be better suited to deal with the upcoming migrant , climatic , food related crisis . 
  is n't royal canin french ? 
  they have a factory where i live . 
  i see your point from a domestic point of view but i fail to see how anything short of a global summit can have a meaningful impact on a global challenge . 
  the only way to proceed and the prerequisite to any meaningful international treaty is a summit . 
  probably a picture taken by satellite so it 's a mix up of several pictures , they picked one without cloud i think for the land one . 
  it was a far bigger deal for greenpeace , and they have been controversial lately . 
  they are not popular in france for unrelated issues regarding nuclear central power . 
  there is also a backlash against macron as he is not part of the political green left ( and thus a corporate puppet ) and they probably expect him not to apologize as it would hurt his standing . 
  that way they are more relevant . 
  but there were formal apologies and reparations at the time . 
  prime minister is the highest level . 
  i do n't defend the undefendable . 
  i just claim that being riled up about something that happened so long ago and has been vastly documented and apologized for is basically a waste of time . 
  nuclear trials were necessary to ensure the nuclear independence of the country during the cold war . 
  the americans tested in the nevada desert , we tested in the sahara and then the pacific ocean , the russians tested theirs in siberia . 
  just because it 's beautiful does n't mean it is n't just another desert . 
  it happened in 1986 ffs . 
  turn the page already . 
  people , governements have but somehow when redditors discover this event happened in this thread , they get riled up . 
  it 's not something that was hidden , it 's not news . 
  come on now . 
  the president will not apologize for that . 
  i do n't know much about religion , but is n't the bible basically a book written by people who are not jesus , and who basically go `` jesus said this and that '' and then for centuries and millenia there have been losses , addendums , and corrections ? 
  in the end , maybe jesus words are the truth , but who really knows what he actually said ? 
  the article make it seem like heineken pressured retailers not to accept minor brewers product . 
  it 's a nation wide abuse regarding a massively consumated product . 
  how is this not a big deal or a big market . 
  it 's a big deal both for the consumers and the companies . 
  heineken and carlsberg probably earned hundreds of millions thanks to this . 
  during my studies i 've heard of absolutely minor cartels like bus transportation in the southern part of a deserted department lost in the mountains . 
  that is a small market . 
  this is not . 
  26.7 m $ seems ridiculous ( ly low ) * for an abuse of monopoly case . 
  that 's sad to hear . 
  mcd is pushing for coffee here aswell with a lot of ads . 
  starbuck is not everywhere yet so there 's a card to play . 
  yeah , i get why someone might like it . 
  it 's just different . 
  breakfast in a restaurant is not really a thing here though . 
  i also traveled canada before the us , and if there is one thing i would import , it 's tim horton 's . 
  went to real local places and high end restaurants . 
  the american service culture is different from france 's but i would n't say it 's better . 
  in france it 's a formal relationship between the patron and the server with subtle exchanges to lighten the mood sometimes and once you 're done ordering the waiters leave you alone until you are finished/ask for the check . 
  the us finance department is the most efficient in the world when it comes to collecting taxes . 
  we could take a page or two from your book in that domain . 
  and it 's not only regarding international and corporate tax evasion , it 's a scourge on our national economy too , with citizens having accounts in switzerland and all that ( even though there 's been a huge crackdown in the last few years about these ) . 
  without tax evasion we would allegedly have a balanced budget . 
  depends but mostly you 're mistaken . 
  the common policy is : you pay taxes where you make profits . 
  however in practice , big companies do n't pay taxes where they make profit . 
  they pay taxes where they transfer profits . 
  if you have your headquarters in ireland and you have your subsidiaries in france and italy as you said , you will do everything in your power to transfer the profits you make in france to your holding in ireland using various methods . 
  this create a race to the bottom that is only prolematic for some european countries who have a big public sector and social welfare and an aging population . 
  like france . 
  one of the causes of the arab spring was the high prices of wheat . 
  it 's one of the reasons , but it 's still a reason . 
  and there are many exemples in history that supports the link between environmental change and big events . 
  one of the main reason of the french revolution was a drought . 
  one of the main reason the roman empire fell was a drastic change in temperatures that became lower and barbaric tribes pushed further southward into the roman empires to go to better land and escape the huns and famin . 
  the predynastic egyptian civilization flourished partly because nomadic desert tribes suffered from the drought of the sahara and settled in the river nile banks . 
  i do n't understand people sometimes . 
  `` we do n't do enough about the environment '' they keep saying , we get a president that puts in charge of his ministry of ecology nicolas hulot , an activist and an idealist who 's famous for his positions about the environment and the protection of nature . 
  not only is it a very bold move because nicolas hulot is relatively apolitical , he goes above and beyond and also makes him number 2 of his cabinet . 
  not only did macron not flinch when the us left the paris accords , he decides now ( that is 2 months after his elections ) to organize another climate summit in 5 months which is a very ambitious goal . 
  and people are still complaining ? 
  i know people dislike macron but ffs , he 's doing something , he 's working hard to combat climate change . 
  do n't be a pessimist and a cynic just because he was n't your candidate . 
  there will be plenty of things to be cynical about regarding his presendency , but it 's hard to be cynical about the news of a climate summit taking place .
