  bayrou sided with hollande and it was a huge shock . 
  his vote rbase did n't agree !, 
  the center was usually the left of `` lr '' and bayrou just hated sarkozy . 
  macron has really changed everything in that regard . 
  or you could consider that hollande was an anomaly because of sarkozy and dsk . 
  the polls are not showing the whole story . 
  chirac and sarkozy after him won the elections easily . 
  hell , jospin did n't even make the second turn in 2002 and there was a strong fn that year . 
  you have to consider the candidates if you put the polls forward . 
  macron is not a socialist . 
  marine le pen + fran\u00e7ois fillon gather more voters than the united left . 
  and fran\u00e7ois fillon would gather a lot more if he was not a crooked politician . 
  had the `` p\u00e9n\u00e9lopegate '' not surfaced , he 'd be higher than macron and there would n't be a race . 
  exactly . 
  and i think it 's primordial as you say to distinguish civil marriage and religious marriage . 
  i for one will never get married in a church but rather at the town hall . 
  some people are misled to believe that it is a religious institution that is brought down but in truth , people and the church are still free to behave the way they want to . 
  nobody is going to force a priest 's hand . 
  on the other hand , a public servant should n't have a moral objection to perform a gay marriage regardless of his intimate religious convictions on the matter . 
  i think that in a way , legalizing gay marriage is a rectification of a de facto situation where long term same sex couple could n't enjoy the same rights as straight couple while living the very same conditions . 
  all in all it falls down under the role of the state to guarantee the same rights for everyone and promote the nuclear family as a social basis . 
  i must add that to me a civil union is something else entirely than a marriage , like the french pacs ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_solidarity_pact ) a marriage `` light '' . 
  think of it differently . 
  fillon will never go under 18 % . 
  he represents the biggest french party `` lr '' , the mainstream right . 
  france is a right-leaning country . 
  no matter which candidate they put forward , the right voters will vote for an lr candidate no matter what because quite frankly they have no alternative . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of them would like another candidate , but after the primaries it 's not easy to replace him , so they probably vote for the party , or the program , but not for the man . 
  a lot of lr voters are calling for him to step down , but it 's a risky situation if he does . 
  who would replace him ? 
  someone he beat at the primaries , some other person ? 
  from a legal point of view i agree with you when you talk about marriage as a way to incentivize procreation but as a society we 've moved past that and i think that marriage has just become the union of two lovers , an incentive not necessarily to procreate but to create a family . 
  a lot of gays do n't like gay marriage because they consider straight people `` breeders '' and they do n't want kids . 
  in the end the matter is very anecdotical as only a few percents of the total population is homosexual and among them , from what i 've seen in my country , only a sizable minority is considering marriage . 
  to me it 's just a matter of equality in giving the same tools to start a family to same-sex lovers and straight lovers . 
  i used to be of your opinion though . 
  edit : my main problem at the same time was that i thought it was unfair to deprive a child of the chance to have both a father and a mother . 
  but honestly i think two fathers or two mothers can give a lot of love just as well to a child . 
  you could have picked jambon de bayonne instead of this very plain thing . 
  pata negra is indiscutably the best ham in the whole world . 
  i had some last christmas , it was magical . 
  but you ca n't win the battle of charcuterie . 
  i was not very clear . 
  the fn du sud is still on le pen dad page economy wise . 
  i dont think of it as left and right either . 
  zemmour 's thesis is partly true . 
  french jews were deported , but later than foreign jews , in 1942 . 
  to me you replace `` american exceptionalism '' with french in this excerpt and it 's the very same . 
  let 's agree to disagree then . 
  le pen 's program is leaning on the left by some aspects but you 'd be mistaken to think it 's socialism . 
  it 's `` ni gauche ni droite , fran\u00e7ais '' as they used to say . 
  just like the british , she 's strongly anti-eu , this euroskepticism is to me a form of small governement . 
  just like trump , she 's protectionnist . 
  and lastly there are two fn 's . 
  there is the fn `` du nord '' ( phillipot ) , and the fn `` du sud '' ( le pen ) . 
  she 's juggling with both and while the north one is made up of the disappointed blue-collar workers and the other losers of globalization , the second one is still the very much same basis of voters that voted for the one-eyed anti-system antisemitic candidate that was her father back in the 80 's . 
  not in the american term no . 
  i think he 's more `` christian-democrat '' . 
  it 's way less extreme . 
   american conservatism is a broad system of political beliefs in the united states that is characterized by respect for american traditions , support for judeo-christian values , economic liberalism , anti-communism , advocacy of american exceptionalism , and a defense of western culture from perceived threats posed by `` creeping socialism '' , moral relativism , multiculturalism , and liberal internationalism . 
  liberty is a core value , with a particular emphasis on strengthening the free market , limiting the size and scope of government , and opposition to high taxes and government or labor union encroachment on the entrepreneur . 
  american conservatives consider individual liberty , within the bounds of conformity to american values , as the fundamental trait of democracy , which contrasts with modern american liberals , who generally place a greater value on equality and social justice . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] does this sound more like lr or fn to you ? 
  to me it sounds more like fn ( wikipedia ) . 
  le pen father said that the german occupation `` was n't that bad '' . 
  which is not great communication skills . 
  zemmour argued , and he was right historically , that p\u00e9tain protected the jews of french nationality during ww2 as much as he could from the nazis but `` gave away '' those who were n't french . 
  this was highly controversial , he was accused of defending p\u00e9tain and being antisemitic , even though he 's jewish himself . 
  not more collectivist than what we already have . 
  in us elections , religion and family life plays a much bigger part . 
  that being said , i doubt a gay candidate could be elected . 
  the older generation is the most decisive , and i think he 'd lose more than a few percents . 
  it 's suspected they already tried . 
  a rumor that he would be gay has shady origins , but it did n't really take . 
  sputnik relayed it , as well as other websites . 
  and do n't you think mlp also adores private entreprise ? 
  the definition of socialism which is anti-business is antiquated in current politics . 
  that kind of reflexion belongs to marxists parties . 
  oh yeah , we 're talking about the party whose president wants to enact a protectionistic trade policy putting america first ? 
  the one who tries to strong arms car manufacturer to keep their jobs in the us and threatens them with tariffs ... this is exactly le pen 's platform . 
  they both appeal to the losers of globalization . 
  in different ways sure , it 's different countries , but it 's the same deal . 
  as i said , it 's very hard to do a comparison . 
  the us is as a basis , way more right leaning than france , a country where atheist and socialist are not adjectives that would get you de facto disqualified for the presidential race . 
  so if you take an american leftist candidate like sanders , he 's probably campaigning for things we already have here like free healthcare . 
  if you consider le pen , one key promise of her program is `` france first '' , `` la pr\u00e9f\u00e9rence nationale '' as she call it is the belief that whenever there are a french citizen and a foreign citizen in competition for a public office job , or a public housing slot , the french citizen is to be favored . 
  that sounds like the kind of shit the gop favors , even lighter . 
  all in all , it is clear to me that the french leftist candidates are way more leftist than the democrats in the us , even though any comparison is very hard to make . 
  the establishment democrats are closer to fillon 's position . 
  le pen to the american republican party . 
  macron is an independent . 
  there is no real comparison to us politics . 
  it 's something i never understood . 
  proportional elections . 
  i 'll vote for macron and he 's going to enforce that promise ( maybe ) because that was ( one of ) the condition for bayrou giving him support but really it seems like a step back to the 4th republic constitution . 
  a republic that had so much turmoil in the parliaments with unstable coallitions that no clear majority could be established and ruling the country was impossible in the long term . 
  some rankings would say we are less democratic because of it . 
  at least with a non-proportional system , a 40 % relative majority can control 60 % + of the parliament seats and pass laws and the executive can govern . 
  that 's also why i like a strong president in terms of powers invested in him . 
  as cl\u00e9menceau said `` to take a decision you need an impair number of person and three is already too many '' .
