  they might find themselves very limited very fast . 
  well when i say europe i mean the european union . 
  not what happens before that . 
  i 'm grateful for the american soldiers that came to normandy and gave their life to fight the nazis . 
  but even then , gratitude does n't mean servitude , and self-reliance was at the time already important to de gaulle and still is somewhat important to some countries in europe . 
  differences of opinion between an insular nation that wanted a strictly commercial union ( like the failed efta which was initially meant as a counter-eu ) and a franco-german-italian partnership that had a federation as ultimate goal in its dna from the inception of the european project . 
  divorce was inevitable . 
  now , will the uk come to regret it down the line ? 
  i do n't know . 
  it seems the newer generations were warmer to this idea . 
  is it a bad idea to split ? 
  i think it is but the citizens of the uk made their choice and i respect it . 
  am i sad ? 
  yes . 
  divorces suck . 
  especially when you still love-hate the uk . 
  at no point the uk was carrying the eu though . 
  they were just neutral to most progressive ( as in advancing the european project towards inevitable federal governement in 50/60 years + ) endeavours . 
  exactly . 
  that 's something i do n't quite get . 
  i do n't think france or europe ever relied on the uk or the us for anything , even military . 
  cooperation sure , alliance , yes , but dependancy ... well i do n't see it that way . 
  especially for the uk , which was to this day france closest military ally with the us . 
   they wo n't even allow women to inherit the ceremonial throne this is a bit of a silly argument even though i agree with the rest . 
  it 's a monarchy , they kind of do what they want . 
  it 's not like you wake up on `` elect-the-emperor-day '' and say `` today i 'll vote for the queen '' . 
  every monarchy is fundamentaly inequal and i can understand why a monarchy has a traditional law that does n't allow women and the answer to that is the same as the one to the question `` why are dingleberries brown ? '', 
  which is precisely `` because that 's the way shit is '' . 
  and it 's kinda pointless to argue otherwise . 
  the land is still named gaul throughout middle ages and in latin . 
  the greeks still call france `` gallia '' . 
  it 's a bit like saying albion for britain , or allemagne for germany in french . 
  by 987 , any idea that the rulers of gaul were franks and their servants gallic had long been dispelled by generations of mixed marriage and miscegenation . 
  these middle age people fuck a lot , and contrary to neighboring people , like the wisigoth , mixed marriage were not only allowed but encouraged from the start , and clovis himself , first king of france , took clothilde , a gallic woman , as spouse . 
  there is no contradiction here . 
  rehabilitating collaborationists does n't mean it was still acceptable to be p\u00e9tainiste . 
  j.-m le pen was also antisemitic and thought that the holocaust was a detail of ww2 , p\u00e9tainisime died with the fall of the vichy governement . 
  if you want to look for the le pen early supporters , you have to look towards the oas and the people that were once behind poujade . 
  p\u00e9tain was a traitor and a fascist and as such nobody was politically associated to him after the war . 
  le pen 's movement 's ancester is poujadisme . 
  you get downvoted but you 're right . 
  after taking alsace-lorraine the war was absolutely inevitable and bismarck knew it . 
  the referendums are not avoidable . 
  national constitutions often ca n't be changed drastically without them , and if you want to create a federal eu , you need to create a supranational constitution , therefore , obligatory referendum . 
  there are opt-ins , and opt-outs possibilities , always , but it is still a big pill to swallow for a lot of eu countries . 
  while i think that serbia was treated unfairly in the past , it 's not relevant anymore . 
  the army thing is what russia did . 
  self-determination is a right that everyone has , but you want it to be recognized by the international community , so it has to be done peacefully . 
  crimea was not annexed peacefully . 
  so you think that sending in `` fake '' serbian army soldiers to reclaim that territory , and then have a shady referendum with results that the international community will condemn anyway regardless of their authenticity because it will be tainted by the aforementionned military operations will bring a whole lot of good for serbia and serbians in the future ? 
  no , what it will do , is put serbia , a country at the heart of europe , in the sphere of influence of russia , and alienate all the allies you have in the eu aswell as destroy any chances you had to get into the eu . 
  with the united nations . 
  for starters . 
  but not necessarily . 
  france has a territory that has been self-determined without the approval of the un through a referendum . 
  so , peacefully and democratically and under supervision from independant agents , you may ask the concerned population : `` would you rather have [ x region ] remain part of kosovo or join serbia ? '' . 
  that 's it , that 's all there is to it . 
  no need to start a war . 
  these are pretty extreme views and both absolutely unlikely . 
  the eu will not be wiped off the map . 
  by whom ? 
  russia is not a valid threat , terrorism is not a valid threat either . 
  russia does n't have a fleet capable of threatening anyone in europe , and it does n't have air superiority , and its land army 's equipment is mostly outdated and its troops underpayed . 
  they have the bomb , but so do many other countries , if it comes to that , it 's a nuclear winter scenario anyway and if that were to happen , it would have happened during the cold war . 
  on the eu now , the first step to a federalization would have been the 2005 constitutional treaty , and lisbon 2007 is nowhere near that level of symbolical and effective uniformization . 
  if we were to federalize , there would be first a big gathering of all the eu leaders to establish the mainframe of a new treaty . 
  then , over the course of say 5 years , maybe more , the treaty would be negotiated . 
  by that moment federal europe is already off the table , baby steps . 
  maybe reforming the institutions . 
  the council of europe , maybe reinforcing the defence chapters , a bit more direct democracy for high positions in both the commissions and the rest of the organization , at best a common fiscal policy and at the very best a common constitutional basis . 
  and now , you must have a referendum to approve said treaty in many nations , because these things ca n't be done otherwise in many countries , so you 've got to manage your expectations and compromise between sovereignity and supranationalism to make it pass . 
  that 's it , that 's all you can hope for , not for the next 5 years , but for the next 20 years maybe when it comes to uniting europe . 
  there are other models to follow than the crimean one for self-determination . 
  it 's not a good time to stir shit in the balkans . 
  these are going to be 4 fascinating years . 
  maybe 8 even . 
  for a moment i thought you meant that france should adopt an internal federal system . 
  that would never work here . 
  and i do not wish for it . 
  regionalism and landers do not belong in this country . 
  but being part of a federal union , yeah , that has been the plan for half a century and one that the brexit will facilitate for all the founding members and core members of the eu . 
  two of the fathers of european federalism are french , robert schuman and jean monnet . 
  do you really think a french candidate would use an english catchphrase during a speech in lille ( france ) ? 
  it 's not even a slogan . 
  his slogan is `` en marche '' , meaning `` forward '' in english . 
  it 's a line from a speech at a rally . 
  nothing to do with that . 
  like , at all . 
  le parisien is n't even a leftist paper like lib\u00e9ration . 
  they talk about fillon because he was n't favored by the polls in the lr primaries , which he won by a large margin . 
  and same for le pen , the fn is a very hard party to poll for . 
  a few years ago they got it all wrong in the municipal elections , and also , there is an ongoing judicial investigation related to nicolas sarkozy shady dealings with a polling company . 
  also france is partly responsible despite what i said . 
  rwanda had a fragile ethnic balance and we tried to impose a democracy that threw that off . 
  exactly what you said about meddling in other people 's business . 
  the us though blocked the un investigation on the attack that killed the presidents , which triggered the genocide . 
  the french did their own investigation because the crew of the plane was french , and there was a lot of pressure and a smear campaign organized to discredit the results that would eventually show that the official story told by kagam\u00e9 was completely false . 
   they screwed up rwanda and did other shady things france fucked up a lot of countries , not rwanda though . 
  za\u00efre and the us did that just fine . 
  you 're being a bit extreme there .
