  nfl , nhl and mlb are ( almost ) non-existent . 
  * [ albert the 5th musketeer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=it94il81hae ), 
  the french army is already more potent than the russian army . 
  there are only three militaries in the world with blue water navies , france , the uk , and of course the united states . 
  those are the only three countries that truly have global power , in other words , those three armies can intervene anywhere on the world within 24 to 48 hours . 
  countries like sweden , france , belgium , germany , italy ( and many more aswell ) all have potent and modern armament industry . 
  france in particular has an industry turned towards exportation because it does n't the capacity to produce high tech weapons and come out on top financially , a problem that could be solved if it came to produce for the rest of the eu . 
  we 're talking about artillery , submarines , warships , jets , missiles ... 
  so there is no doubt about the eu ability to produce tanks , planes , missiles , helicopters , artillery , small arms . 
  cooperation already exists in many areas , france recently equipped its army with hk german guns , denmark bought french caesar artillery systems , there are joint projects like the eurotigers combat helicopters ... 
  the main issues are truly political . 
  in france , if we consider football , there 's a bit of a paradox . 
  the most popular teams are also the most-hated , and you ca n't have a really bitter rivalry if there are n't supporters on both sides . 
  i 'd say psg takes a lot of flak , unlike the rest of europe it is the only elite club in the capital . 
  it is also the richest , the most succesful at the moment , and that is all thanks to an influx of money from qatar . 
  they are incredibly popular though . 
  marseille comes in mind aswell . 
  people there are crazy for football , they have had hooligans problems , marseille supporters have a somewhat bad reputation for good reasons . 
  there are rivalries like lyon and saint etienne which fuel those `` most hated '' club rankings . 
  ol-asse is a derby due to proximity , saint etienne used to be a `` worker '' town and its glorious years were in the mid 70 's , lyon is a richer city which glory days were the early to mid 00 's with total domination over ligue 1 for many years in a row . 
  the two clubs absolutely hate each other . 
  and then there is psg-om but it 's not much of a rivalry anymore as the southern club does n't have the quality of psg anymore . 
  surprisingly , despite excellent results lately , monaco is not disliked . 
  they do not have many supporters , it 's a rather small place , and their players are young and likeable . 
  singapore in sea . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  i love it although they can feel self conscious about it . 
  i expected it to sound harsh like germans , but not at all . 
  when i first met swedish people they either spoke almost perfect english , or you could notice the `` j '' sound in some sentences instead of another sound , but i do n't remember which one , kinda like we often say `` z '' instead of `` th '' . 
  france 's level of optimism is incredibly low . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/mar/24/french-taught-to-be-gloomy  yet the french are gloomy . 
  a recent win-gallup poll found that their expectations for the coming year ranked lower than those in iraq or afghanistan ( 2013 article ) articles like this one are frequent . 
  still , there 's less comparative similiarity than other french regions with their foreign neighbours . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aadcprxu53a ( activate english subs ), 
  do n't know . 
  not even guernsey is more french than british . 
  depends on where the person you 're asking is living . 
  french flanders -  walloon belgium savoy , grenoble , nice , corsica -  northern italy , piedmont , genoa and sardinia perpignan , biarritz -  catalonia , pays basque , so definitely spain alsace -  germany south-west , normandy -  england , sort of marseille -  maghreb and some other black african countries it 's just my opinion . 
  still . 
  occitan , breizh , alsatian , catalan , proven\u00e7al , savoyard ... these are languages/dialects/patois french was very widespread in the northern half of the country ( from limousin and upward basically ) . 
  it 's not clear where the center is from and the main theories is that there were several points of origin or that it may be from tours . 
  there is also `` international french '' which is an international standard that is artificial . 
  first of all , for the human health , there is the principle of precaution . 
  basically , some people assume that there may be effects related to some gmo 's that might only appear years later ( in 20 , 30 years ) and that we do n't know of yet . 
  the problem with that principle is that you do n't have a token population that does not consume gmo food , and one that does ... another problem is biodiversity . 
  take salmon for example . 
  a lot of salmon nowadays is genetically modified with growth hormones so it can grow faster and bigger and in cold waters , thus making salmon farms way more profitable . 
  the fda says it is ** reasonably safe ** . 
  but food and water watcher , a consumer defense group says that the studies are actually inconclusive as 3 of the 4 the fda based its judgement on were produced by salmon farmers . 
  another problem is biodiversity . 
  those salmon , if they happen to leave their farms and end up free in the wild , being much bigger , will eat bigger fishes that they are not supposed eat , will outbreed the smaller salmons ( non-modified ) and drive them extinct . 
  this could be disastrous . 
  the other problem , is that gmo can endanger ecosystems as there are varieties that could spread to other plants , nature evolves and adapts itself , in the same way there may be bugs that will develop even bigger resilience to figtback the pesticides . 
  another problem is related to soil poisoning . 
  take roundup , the infamous [ toxic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovkw6yjqsfm ) pesticide . 
  plants that are genetically modified are resistant to round up , it kills everything else . 
  farmers will pour tons of that on their crops . 
  it 's not good for the soil quality , so much that a lot of land is becoming unfarmable in some parts of the world . 
  the soil is the most important part of our ecosystems , because the pesticides kill everything that is not genetically modified , the soils who are actually normally teeming with life ( bacterias , mushrooms , worms ... ) , end up dead . 
  it 's not good for the birds , for the frogs , for the flowers who feed on this fauna and flora and in nature everything is connected . 
  massively produced wheat ( with gmo 's ) in france is of such low quality that it 's primarly used to feed pigs . 
  the soils are so degraded that the production rate in europe is stagnating despite the use of gmo 's . 
  finally , economically , big firms like monsanto owns patents over their seeds and in some parts of the developping world , they will patent some local plants which shows beneficial features , it called `` biopiracy '' . 
  it makes farmers economically dependent from them because they need to buy new seeds every year ( their plants do n't produce any ) and causes huge ethic problematics regarding patenting things that are alive . 
  my final point is that americans eat shit . 
  there is no other way to say it . 
  oxfam has ranked the us 120 out of 125 for quality and health related food issues . 
  this is also the main reason the ttip failed . 
  more on this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghjpvpzyuow, 
  arles ? 
  well . 
  around where i live ( camargue ) we do n't kill the bulls . 
  i did n't know they did it differently in paca . 
  in football , i have a soft spot for belgium i must say . 
  sometimes i think i could cheer for england , but their managers are so shit it 's hard . 
  there are different cultures though . 
  corrida , where you kill the bull at the end , is not so widespread in france . 
  mainly just perpignan and around , in other words , roussillon or french catalogne . 
  in the neighboring parts , languedoc , the tradition is not as violent and the bulls does not end up dead . 
  horses are involved too in some games . 
  article r4228-20 du code du travail  `` no alcoholic drink other than wine , beer , cider and poir\u00e9 are allowed in the workplace . 
  poir\u00e9 is some obscure kind of peer cider . 
   but a 1 meter diamond encrusted gold crucifix is ostentatious and thus forbidden to be worn in public spaces . 
  not exactly . 
  you can wear whatever you want in the streets , well , except the burqa . 
  you 'd be asked to hide the cross if you worked in a public hospital , in the public transport services , or if you are a teacher or student in school . 
  universities are exempt from this rule but it 's generally frowned upon . 
  i 'm not an expert but citro\u00ebn has a reputation for innovation , they came up with a lot of new technologies , that 's their brand identity . 
  renault used to have a terrible reputation , but now it 's much better . 
  their electric car , the zo\u00e9 , is amazing . 
  peugeot has a somewhat bad reputation . 
  check out the new alpine !!!, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eneup8kklk4 the brand is back . 
  kind of , yes . 
  even butcher shops . 
  they usually stay in the family . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  restaurants , bars , night stores , bakeries ? 
  many bakeries are family-owned . 
  it 's true that teddy riner is very popular , he 's just behind griezmann in the ranking .
