maybe it 's because the spd was elected to lead the government and then made some of the most neoliberal reforms in german history , effectively doing the opposite of what was in the interest of their voter base . 
  essentially betraying their voters , as well as the historical values of their party . 
  so i guess if you do n't want your party to be associated with betraying your voters , then maybe you should n't betray your voters . 
  it also makes transportation , packaging etc. 
  cheaper and more efficient . 
  in general it just does n't have any downsides . 
  most of us live in industrial , highly engineered houses . 
  i much prefer that to untouched nature . 
  they are liberal in some ways , conservative in others . 
  they are a party that pushes for gender-neutral speech and stuff like that , they advocate green energy and maybe animal welfare . 
  but their voters are also mostly richer people , and economically they are certainly rather conservative . 
  the fact that he is so unremarkable and bland and `` boring '' was obviously part of the point of / r/the _ schulz . 
  it 's what made the memes funny . 
  it 's when schulz and every local spd facebook group endorsed the `` memes '' and joined in when all irony got lost and the circlejerk died a quick death . 
  part of it was also that the media profited from hyping up a candidate and then letting him drop again . 
  and schulz also has been given enough time to say stupid shit by now , so that 's part of it , too . 
  we do get taxes on revenue . 
  companies do n't . 
  i wish i could say `` sorry bros from the tax office , i spent all my money this month , no income tax from me '', 
  out of those in german there 's really only : history -  geschichte physics -  naturkunde mechanical engineering -  ~ ~ maschinen ~ ~ bau architecture -  baukunst ( rare ) geography -  erdkunde but apart from that we usually use the normal greek/latin words . 
  german bundestag costs around 870m $ https://www.bundeshaushalt-info.de/#/2017/soll/ausgaben/einzelplan/02.html, 
  when i was learning spanish my profesora said that if you are at a party at someone 's house and you want to leave , you have to say goodbye and then still talk for half an hour before it 's acceptable to leave . 
  if you get a bottle of wine or something similar as a present , you are expected to immediately open ( and drink and share ) it . 
  in germany many would save it for later , especially if it some extraordinary kind of beverage because opening it immediately could potentially be seen as being a bad host who relies on presents to take care of the guests . 
  they do n't have a separate word for `` toe '' . 
  they are just `` fingers '' , too . 
  boorish !, 
  i 'd rather you take saxony and while you 're at it , take berlin as well . 
  perhaps you should go fuck yourself . 
  no , it 's not their choice to ban an ethnicity from going there . 
  just like it 's not our businesses choice not to allow jews or dutch people . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  it 's not fair , but we even let islamists and nazis have human rights . 
  it 's what makes us better than them . 
   literally 4 hours after the first big thread was wiped from the face of the earth , it resurfaces because it 's no longer deniable that this was a terrorist attack . 
  sounds like pretty good mod work to me then . 
  making sure that things actually have a basis in reality before giving all the hateful scared idiots on / r/europe the opportunity to hate all brown people for it seems exactly like what a good journalist would do , too . 
  what do people here even expect ? 
  let 's say germany had an upper limit of one million refugees . 
  and then there is the million and first person claiming asylum , maybe someone like edward snowden . 
  do we then say `` sorry boat 's full ; the arbitrary number has been reached '' ? 
  if all of denmark were suddenly flooded , would we say `` sorry bros , we hit our limit , get fucked '' ? 
  an upper limit would be pointless . 
  it would be purely symbolical and exclusively to pander to bigots and idiots . 
  imagine all the money we could save if we had a dictatorship !!, 
  does anybody still speak german / alsatian in alsace ? 
  you can make \u00c9 , you just have to release shift -  press the key for the accent -  press shift again -  press e however , at that point all caps is n't cruise control for cool anymore . 
  on german keyboards \u00e9 turns into \u00c8 if you use all caps . 
   meanwhile hookers and gambling run rampant everywhere as everyone gets piss drunk . 
  that ... does n't sound negative at all ? 
  take me to this mystical place !, 
   parking stations only accept coins . 
  i 'm fine with not being tracked everywhere i go , cash is fine . 
   service companies that revolutionize things ... often banned . 
  uber ? 
  nah , let 's support the taxi monopoly that still pays their drivers shittily at least they pay social security etc. 
  uber is nothing to be jealous of . 
  exploitative garbage and nearly unpaid work . 
  what actually happened was that some people from the spd unironically joined in in the meme-ing and obviously that kills it immediately . 
  also , a lot of it was driven by the media hyping a candidate up and then letting him fall again for the drama and clicks . 
  schulz also keeps saying shit like `` security is the most important topic in germany '' and his ideas of social reforms are a joke . 
  but i doubt stuff like that even matters nowadays . 
  modern elecitons are about memes and media , not policies . 
  i am of course in favor of same-sex marriage , but i do n't really care about it . 
  i would n't vote for a party because they have same-sex marriage in their program . 
  other things like social mobility , healthcare , etc. 
  are a million times more important to me . 
  i imagine there are many people like me . 
  but people who are against same-sex marriage often care about it a lot . 
  those people might actually not vote for you if you want to introduce gay marriage . 
  and as a party , if it is a net loss in terms of votes , why do it ? 
  do we know what causes people to be allergic to the world ? 
  is it genetic ? 
  it * would * be interesting to get a breakdown of the ethnicity though . 
  i assume france 's numbers are so much `` worse '' because they have a bigger `` arab '' population while germany for example has mostly `` turks '' instead . 
  i am from m\u00fcnster . 
  you really should have annexed us when you could . 
  well , i would be speaking dutch which of course would be silly , but apart from that i do n't see any downsides . 
   malta has 3 votes , the u.k has 29 . 
  therefore per head of maltese population they have 15 times more representation in the european council than a brit . 
  i think it 's pretty normal to give `` minorities '' special protections in a democracy . 
  otherwise small countries would just get overwhelmed by populous countries such as germany ( and as a german , my european vote is even more worthless than yours ) . 
  and even as it is , with germans having the smallest voting impact , people still complain about germany having any influence in europe . 
  oh , and of course that 's for votes in the eu parliament , not council . 
  the council is just national governments ( which are all elected democratically , too ) . 
  if you make an [ x ] for lib dems too , then your vote counts doubly against labour !!, 
  only a magic family tree . 
  germany will very likely also get a very economically right-leaning government soon ( cdu+fdp ) . 
  says the guy who thinks the plural of `` ei '' is `` eieren '' . 
  i do n't think the usa ever were any kind of leader when it comes to climate protection and environmental policies . 
  quite the opposite actually . 
   a unified community of citizens ??? 
  what does that mean ? 
   that prioritize their country and the next generation of their country pretty sure we are already racist enough . 
  i am pretty sure that as a bio-german i already get preferential treatment from potential employers here . 
  thank god that i do n't have turkish parents . 
   a strong national culture and identity ah , fuck that . 
  been there , done that . 
  the cultural differences between most west europeans ( at least ) are minuscule . 
  what 's the deciding factor distinguishing germans from brits ( apart from language ) ?
