yes , because thats totally gon na happen in france . 
  if countries dont want to take in refugees anymore , they shouldnt . 
  dont threaten them with stupid things . 
  definitly / s, 
  yes they just kill the driver and smash it into a crowd . . 
  he is still on the run and hes armed . 
  from what i saw atleast . 
  wilders sucks . 
  and he gained 5 seats and is the 2nd largest party lol . 
  id rather have 100 financial crises instead of immigration rate atm we shouldnt just throw away the future of europe for this, 
  and they want to do that with immigrants ? 
  guess europe really is fucked then . 
  how is immigration required ? 
  '' benefits '' lol, 
  one of who ? 
  what is your point ? 
  are you stupid ? 
  we dont need them . 
  why ? 
  i like seeing some random tram posts now and then . 
  same goes for other themes we have from time to time . 
  k yes , you 're right . 
  im sorry i was being such a racist xenophoob . 
  i will make it right by sterilizing myself so we can make place for immigrants !, 
  diversity will rule europe !, 
  are you joking or an idiot ? 
  i guess some just want to see 1 race on the entire planet or something . 
  or they think europe is ` too white ' . 
  i honestly dont know why people think like that but i do know thats its becoming more commen every day . 
  makes me a bit sad tbh . 
  also i read some theory that immigrants from other countries are more likely to vote left-wing and globalist so thats also a reason why some ppl would want it ( but thats just conspiracy theory ofcourse ) . 
  because diversity m8 . . but only in europe ofcourse, 
  did you just found this out ? 
  it has been going on for many years . 
  executing all infidels takes time . 
  what do you mean exaclty ? 
  whats the difference ... 
  equivalent means the same rights and chances for all and stuff ( in human perspective ) . 
  with equality people usually mean the same . 
  i dont care about romania or hungarians . 
  its also irrelevant . 
  we have a huge problem with immigration and integration . 
  i dont want those people to speak turkish and vote for pro-turkey parties . 
  i want them to speak dutch and be loyal to the netherlands . 
  look in my comment history , i already explained 3 times that they dont . 
  it just happens to also have a meaning in dutch but that meaning doesnt even make sense if you look at the party policies, 
  well thats what google translate tells me lol but then what does it mean according to you mate ? 
  that they see the netherlands as their own country and want to positive invest in it . 
  why is it hypocrite ? 
  i first thought it was a dutch name . 
  i still thought it was stupid but atleast it was dutch . 
  but now it turned out to be a turkish name . 
  cant you see it from my viewpoint ? 
  some people who were born in turkey come here . 
  they get a seat in the dutch labor party ( pvda ) . 
  then they leave that dutch party and steal the seats with them ( seats are bound to a person ) and create a party with a turkish name . 
  then a lot of other turks vote for them . 
  also a lot of immigrants from other countries . 
  and they want to take in more and more refugees . 
  its a fucking hostile takeover . 
  because they can have parties with turkish names in turkey . 
  in the netherlands they should have a dutch name . 
  if they give their party a turkish name , it just shows what side they are really on . 
  yes but their loyalty isnt with the netherlands . 
  dont you understand ? 
  they may be dutch ` on paper ' but that doesnt mean shit anymore . 
  i only call somebody dutch if they have a dutch passport and are only loyal to the netherlands . 
  but its obvious his loyalty lies with turkey . 
  hes not dutch . 
  ofcourse it does . 
  the turkish word denk ( equality ) makes much more sense . 
  their entire party is based on `` fighting racism '' . 
  i dont care that it also happens to have another meaning in dutch . 
  its obvious . 
  yes they are since they have a turkish passport and their loyalty lies with turkey . 
  yes . . so what ? 
  their entire party is based on their version of `` equality '' . 
  they probably found out later it also had a dutch meaning lol . 
  they cry about racism all the time . 
  kuzu said that docters here let people with an immigration background die faster , which was total bullshit . 
  \u00d6zturk cant even speak normal dutch sometimes . 
  and its obvious which version of the name they really have . 
  his party has a turkish name ... its called denk which means `` gelijkheid '' ( equality ) . 
  this is a turkish party , run by turks . 
  people who support erdogan arent dutch . 
  funny to you . . fucked up for me . 
  they literally have a turkish name and still claim that they are not a turkish party . 
  diversity ? 
  did you spell turkish wrong ? 
  no its not . 
  we have been warned about this for years but you guys didnt listen . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/3vyl867uumly.jpg ), 
  haha !, 
  [ too bad !, 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/3vyl867uumly.jpg ) they got 2 seats :d, 
  hope so . . or they filled their entire bus with them and all voted for jesse klaver . 
  i dont think thats perfectly legal . . 
  do you happen to know how they obtained a voting ballot ? 
  so its just a fake one and cant be used ? 
  edit : i just found the one we got but that one doesnt have circles infront of the names .
