  not a lot of sunlight up there . 
  and in the everlasting darkness ... things happen . 
  weird and wonderful culinary things . 
  i never said i became an avid supporter of war , weapons or violence after being in the military . 
  [ quite the opposite ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5x2yx7/swedes_how_do_you_feel_about_the_reintroduction/defbw8k/ ) , in fact . 
  i 'll try to remember that the next time i 'm over there . 
  ah , yeah , that changes things a bit . 
  or rather , it further reinforces my belief that the ball really is in the us 's court and that the eu only act ( if they act ) as a response to the us 's inaction . 
  i 'm not in a situation where i speak english to people ( and when i do , generally not to native speakers ) , so this is more of a answer regarding my principled stance on the matter . 
  i would never correct someone i do n't know , and i 'd be wary of correcting even someone i do know who has n't asked for it . 
  same goes for who i 'd like to correct me : do it if i 've asked you to , or if i 'm really making a fool of myself . 
  i think that my main point is that you should set up clear rules with those around you who speak the language you 're learning : say whether or not you want corrections , and to what extent you want them . 
  make sure everyone knows what they should do , and people can follow that without any problems . 
  hm , i 've eaten burgers with blue cheese but never kebab . 
  did n't really like the burger , but i can imagine that it works better in a kebab roll . 
  is this a common thing in finland ? 
  it 's been a while since i was there , but i do n't remember seeing it . 
  the best kebab dish i think i 've had is from a kebab place in gothenburg that i like to go to whenever i 'm there . 
  last time i visited i had an ordinary kebab , with a dollop of shrimp salad on top . 
  it sounded so strange that i had to try it , but it ended up being amazing . 
  that warms my heart in some strange way . 
  i agree with you in general terms , but i do n't know why they require visas for ukrainians ( or why ukraine require visas for americans , if that 's the case ) so i ca n't say whether this specific restriction is right or wrong . 
  i would eat french style kebab in a heartbeat if i ever saw it . 
  i 'm not too familiar with this particular issue , but my understanding of it is that the eu threatens the us with a visa requirement for travel in the eu unless the us remove * their * visa requirement for certain individual eu states . 
  i think requiring visas either way would be an unwelcome development , but i do think that the eu should stand up for it 's affected member states in this case . 
  hopefully the situation resolves itself in the `` everyone can travel anywhere without visa '' way . 
  anything else would just be annoying . 
  leberk\u00e4se is something i really miss from germany . 
  glad to see it represented by the locals too . 
  i 'm not alone !, 
  kebab is kebab . 
  i 'll eat them both and then some . 
  i give you swedish [ kebab roll ] ( http://kebab-kungen.com/w/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/kebab-rulle-1024x568.png ) and [ kebab pizza ] ( http://kebabkungen.se/skovde/alpina/kp4/kp4.jpg ) . 
  well , you always want to keep the military police happy . 
  haha , yeah , perhaps something like that . 
  it was a while since i checked a political poll , but sd usually tends to be third largest party . 
  they still have quite a way to go to become the biggest party , but they are big enough to make a real mess of swedish politics since they keep both of the traditional alliances from gaining a majority of the votes . 
  that leads to a bunch of problems . 
  but to answer your question : no , i wo n't vote for them . 
  i do n't know who to vote for since swedish politics is so messy right now with no really compelling parties , but i sure wo n't vote for them . 
  or anyone who supports them in the next election ( * glares at certain other right-wing parties * ) . 
  in a lot of ways , some big , some small . 
  for one , i respect guns a lot more after having used some myself . 
  when i went into the army , guns were kind of cool . 
  `` oh , i 'll be able to shoot an automatic rifle ! '', 
  and so on . 
  that quickly changed . 
  carrying a automatic rifle loaded with live ammunition is scary as fuck . 
  crawling with it on the ground , through undergrowth , is damn near traumatizing . 
  i once missed how a branch or something accidentally flicked my safety off , and the realization of what had happened - and more importantly , what * could * have happened with the safety off - is not a feeling i 'd wish on anyone in any circumstance . 
  so i view guns differently now . 
  they are killing tools , nothing more and nothing fun . 
  i can still enjoy action movies and video games etc , but since i know what stops and does n't stop a bullet i even to this day tend to go , `` you 're dead . 
  and you 're dead . 
  oh , you 're definitely dead '' whenever a fire fight breaks out on a cop show . 
  it 's a little harder to give as concrete examples when it comes to how my view changed on war and violence , but it was along similar lines . 
  the commanding officers scrub any romance you may have of both and replaces it with a more realistic idea of what it is . 
  war and violence are horrific things and soldiers need to know that before deploying ; there 's no room for glorification , because that will not prepare them for what 's to come if they stay in the military . 
  so i do n't really want anything to do with any of it any more , and i think that 's a good lesson for young adults to learn . 
  everyone wo n't necessarily come to the same conclusion i came to , and that 's perfectly okay - but i think that basic understanding of guns and violence and war is important . 
  not the mud and sleep deprivation as such , but being more directly out in the field . 
  as cozy as being a radio operator could be , it was n't especially exciting work for long stretches of time . 
  although that probably goes for the military police as well , who probably wished they could be stationed in our warm tent instead of out in their mud . 
  there 's probably some truth to that `` the grass is always greener ... '' saying when you 're in the military . 
  and girls !, 
  yeah , there were certainly `` we are really going to make your life miserable '' days . 
  especially in the beginning . 
  but at the same time , there is a certain kind of charm in bonding through such challenges . 
  i could miss doing stuff like that during the latter half of my time there , when i mostly did radio operating stuff that was pretty far removed from the muck of the early days . 
  nah , feel free to ask more questions if you want . 
  i do n't mind . 
  the reason i linked to my previous answer was n't to shut the conversation down , but rather to point to where both i and other people had already discussed the same thing . 
  i could have quoted myself , but i felt that there were other answers there from other people that were worth reading as well . 
  i just did n't feel entirely comfortable highjacking their points ( even in quotes ) for my own answer , so i linked to theirs instead . 
  well , the day-to-day enjoyment depended a little on how much mud you had to lay in , how much food you got and how little sleep you got the night before . 
  it was n't too uncommon for the answers to be `` a lot '' , `` very little '' and `` what 's sleep ? 
  '' , and those were n't exactly my favorite days . 
   but by and large i had a great time . 
  a lot of just really interesting memories of experiences you can never find anywhere else . 
  i think at the end of the day the government gains control over how many actually join the military . 
  as long as there is n't any pressing need for a lot of troops there is no need to conscript more than those who volunteer , but if the need arises you can conscript the necessary amount of people . 
  fingers crossed that it never comes to that , but if it does , conscription might be a good thing to have instead of simply relying on people volunteering in large enough numbers . 
  yeah , to some extent . 
  definitely at the time . 
  i did stuff then that i never would have thought i 'd be able to do , which was a pretty awesome feeling . 
  whether those traits are still with me after all these years is more debatable . 
  sure , i 'll do my best . 
  in german , as in swedish , you can form new words from old ones easily . 
  you can string together smaller words into longer words - sometimes * really * long words . 
  i find that this quality in a language gives rise to pretty interesting words , especially over time . 
  both swedish and german has its own weird and/or wonderful one-word-expressions , that in some way reflect our different histories and the different needs we 've had of our languages . 
  i really like this . 
  english is versatile in many ways , but it does n't allow for the same creativity . 
  at least not in this very specific manner . 
  i also really like the german word order . 
  it 's pretty cool to see how different another language can be structured while still making perfect sense if you know the rules . 
  since english is much closer to swedish in this regard , i never had the same `` huh , this is really different but still works - cool ! '', 
  feeling that i had with german as i learned it ( and to some extent still do ) . 
  one of the first times i was exposed to the wonders of this difference was when i first heard the song `` du hast '' by rammstein . 
  the wordplay in that song just is n't structurally possible in swedish , and i found that fascinating .
