  i 'm to the left , but i have friends who are openly to the right . 
  no need to hide that . 
  we have a lot of very interesting conversations . 
  but there is a very big difference between `` to the right '' and `` extreme right '' , and if you belong in the second group then maybe there is more of an incentive to hide your position . 
  i would at least be a lot less inclined to discuss politics with you than i would be with the friends i have who are right wing moderates . 
  yeah , this annoys me to no end . 
  sounds a wee bit off . 
  it would probably be the other germans in the cauldron who told him so . 
  we have had immigrants come here for a long time , with them grouping together in poorer neighborhoods being a quite common problem regardless of where they originated from . 
  it 's just that no one , internationally , gave a damn until it began coming people from the middle east/central asia/north africa . 
  i do n't know what to say about finns in particular . 
  there are too many of them in sweden to generalize . 
  i grew up in a suburb on the outskirts of stockholm with a lot of them around me , and was fairly used to not understanding anything that was said because i did n't speak the language . 
  i remember having flashbacks to that time when i went to another suburb where people spoke somali around me , which is why i brought it up . 
  i would n't call where i grew up a ghetto , but i 'm pretty wary of using that term at all in a swedish context . 
  it invokes very different feelings in me than the areas i grew up in do . 
  we traditionally have that whole `` kids dress up and go around knocking on doors , asking for candy '' thing as part of our easter celebration instead , so that aspect of the halloween tradition has n't really caught on here ( as far as i 've seen ) . 
  the influence more or less stops with us eating a shit ton of candy while maybe watching a horror movie . 
  yes , it has grown really bigly all over the world under your watchful eye . 
  at first i quite liked the princess , but when they turned her into the stereotypical sex-crazy swedish blonde in the end whatever character development she 'd received previously just went out the window . 
  a shame . 
  i ca n't speak for my country , only myself . 
  just so that 's clear out of the gate . 
  i really think that how i view american exceptionalism depends a lot on how americans view it , either individually or in general . 
  if you prefer the american way of life , i have no problem with that . 
  i by and large prefer the swedish way of life , so in my eyes we 're on fairly equal footing there . 
  it 's only when ( or if ) you let this turn into some kind of innate and seemingly objective ranking above other countries that it becomes grating . 
  it 's not ; any perceived superiority is always subjective , and may definitely not be shared by everyone else . 
  i do n't see this mentality a lot with regular american citizens , but it 's something that crops up every now and again with your politicians , such as when john mccain was describing the us as the `` moral compass of the world '' or something to that effect when he was interviewed by seth meyers a few days ago . 
  stuff like that comes across , at best , as obnoxious and condescending . 
  at worst , it can be seen as a way to justify actions and policies that non-americans do n't necessarily agree with but that nonetheless can affect us significantly , by assuming that you are that guiding light and that the rest of the world looks up to you . 
  that 's * really bad * and easily creates bad blood . 
  again : it 's something i rarely see from regular citizens , but it 's not too uncommon among especially your right-wing politicians . 
  so to sum it up a bit , i do n't really care that individual americans see the us as exceptional as long as you realize that other people might not . 
  i think that a clear understanding of how you and the things you are doing are perceived in different parts of the world , would be a very good thing to balance things out . 
  i 'm not aware of a `` muslim echo chamber '' . 
  if people group together , it 's mostly people from the same country living in close proximity to each other . 
  if those countries are predominantly muslims then these groups will probably be predominantly muslim as well , but all muslims do n't group together with each other regardless of where they come from . 
  they do not form a single monolithic echo chamber , but a lot of smaller ones . 
  this happens with a lot of different immigrants , not just muslim ones and not just from new groups of nationalities . 
  i grew up in a neighborhood with a huge finnish population who mostly kept to themselves and spoke finnish , and finns are probably the oldest group of immigrants we have in sweden . 
  chances are that americans will fall into the same pattern ( especially since native english speakers tend to have a hard time learning swedish ) , and if so , what is really gained ? 
  i also do n't get how we could justify taking in americans instead of people from syria or iraq on some kind of humanitarian grounds . 
  while i really do sympathize with african-americans , their situation is hardly more pressing than people fleeing war and terror . 
  yeah , i do n't mind it . 
  i have always liked living just outside of stockholm . 
  close to where everything happens , but still not the inner city buzz that i ca n't stand . 
  well , the first kingsman movie dove headfirst right into annoying swedish stereotypes with the prime minister and the princess , so just imagine them to be secret agents and you have your movie . 
  i find it a little sad that so many questions about letting more americans into europe ( a reasonable discussion ) feel the need to veer in the direction of how we supposedly already take in too many people from muslim countries , and would n't it just feel * nicer * to have a lot of americans instead ? 
  it would not . 
  i have no interest in making it easier for people to come here , who , with a wink and a nod to anti-muslim sentiments , argue that they would make better immigrants than those we already have . 
  you want to come just like anyone else ? 
  fine . 
  but i 'm not going to give you any special privileges as long as that is how you make your point . 
  my parents still watch regular tv and pay for a bunch of channels ( unlike me ) , so when i visit them i tend to watch bbc for the comedy . 
  i really like a lot of stuff that 's on bbc , but sadly i have n't seen it being streamed ( legally ) anywhere . 
  tv shows like broadchurch and doctor who are , but not stuff like qi or would i lie to you ? . 
  i really like ours . 
  it 's all about the beauty of the nordic countries , rather than praising sweden as such , which i think is nice . 
  for all of our teasing one another , we 're still brothers and sisters , and our anthem really emphasizes that . 
  i am all for space exploration , even if i doubt that sweden will be the nation that really leads the charge to mars and beyond . 
  i was n't trying to be an ass , but you * are * an american responding to another american requesting responses specifically from americans , with your experience moving from one american state to another american state ... in askeurope . 
  it just felt pretty odd . 
  how does this relate to europe in any way ? 
  some of your countrymen [ beg to differ . 
  ] ( http://www.visitfinland.com/article/meet-santa-claus/ ), 
   perhaps scania , but that would only be to piss off the swedes . 
  i think you overestimate the rest of sweden 's emotional attachment to scania . 
  you would sell santa to someone else !? 
  we do n't really have any history that stretches back to antiquity , but i know of one theory that is both pretty interesting and about a time as far ago as you 're likely to get in swedish history . 
  if you are familiar with norse mythology , you know of the long hard winter ( fimbulwinter ) that is supposed to signal the arrival of ragnar\u00f6k - the end times . 
  fimbulwinter is supposed to be three years without any summer , just crushing cold . 
  it 's just bad . 
  and the theory as of late is that this prediction of the end times is in fact based on an actual , just as harsh and long-lasting winter back in the 6th century , where a volcanic eruption blotted out the sun for years on end . 
  such an event would have been utterly catastrophic for people of that time - or any time . 
  back in the 19th century sweden suffered a couple of bad harvests in a row and that led to mass-starvation ; i ca n't even imagine how a couple of years * without * any harvests at all would look like . 
  but it would probably feel like the end times were upon them , and it would make sense to pass that information down to your children and their children and so on . 
  i 've never really thought of sorting different countries ' histories like that and do n't really consider any one country to be more interesting than others , but if i had to choose i would probably say the uk 's history . 
  objectively speaking the british empire is probably not more interesting than that of most other big empires , but a mixture of me actually understanding english ( which just makes taking in the history a lot easier ) and several of the former british colonies being quite important and well-known today ( again helped by me understanding english and thus being able to follow what happens there ) makes it feel like there is a lot more there that affects today 's world than in most other countries ' histories . 
  hahaha , i 've never heard `` halfrican '' before . 
  love the term . 
  i 'm a half-finn , half-german swede . 
  i consider myself 100 % swedish and 50 % finnish and german . 
  card-carrying member of the 200 % club , baby !, 
  :d but i have a fairly complicated relationship with the german and finnish side of myself . 
  i was never taught either language , which is just an immense stumbling block . 
  i 've tried learning german in school and keeping it up since then , but it 's hard . 
  finnish i still do n't speak a word of . 
  the result of this is that the only real identity i have is the swedish one . 
  it 's a swedish identity seasoned with a bit of finnish and german flavor , but i would n't consider myself either german or finnish as such . 
  this makes some stuff annoyingly complicated , since i do n't have any swedish family . 
  i basically feel 100 % swedish , but without any historic connection to sweden going back in time . 
  that connection is instead mainly finnish and german , but i have some trouble connecting with that as well because of the language barrier . 
  so in the end i sort of live in the moment . 
  it usually works fine in the day to day , but every now and again you can feel as if you do n't really have a claim to any country 's history . 
  so to translate this to people in general : if someone does n't speak the language , i have a hard time seeing them as whatever nationality/heritage we 're talking about . 
  language is n't the only thing that is important , but it 's the gateway to a lot of the things that * are * important . 
  okay . 
  i 've never taken a train through europe and only ever flown a couple of times , so i ca n't really recommend one over the other . 
  i leave that decision for you to make on your own , or possibly with the help of others here who might have more experience .
