  people 's response was kind of , `` yeah , but we 're like that with any outsiders !, 
  we 're like that to other swedes as well !, 
  it 's not about you . '', 
  obviously racism is still occasionally a thing in sweden , but this felt more like a culture clash than anything specifically to do with the writer 's skin color . 
  other than this , especially americans occasionally view swedish women as these sex-crazy blondes , which can be a bit annoying . 
  it 's not too common any longer , but every now and again it rears its head again . 
  when i grew up erdogan had not gotten into power yet , and i feel that turkey was fairly well liked . 
  they seemed like a good example for the muslim world . 
  most turks i know , i got to know during this time . 
  good people , some good friends , nothing to complain about . 
  then came erdogan and things have gotten increasingly ... weird . 
  not only is he dismantling a lot of the things i liked about turkey , but he is a pretty polarizing figure whose shadow is hard to shake . 
  his rise to power has n't changed how i view either my friends or turks in general , but i 've grown aware that a political leader that i really do n't agree with obviously has his supporters , both in turkey and abroad . 
  and if you support him and his party , then that feels like a pretty foreign stance to me that i have a hard time looking past . 
  especially if you live in sweden . 
  that said , i do n't actually know anyone who supports him . 
  my friends do n't . 
  i just know that there , logically , must be people who do . 
  oh , i have n't had that for * years * ( since i rarely buy eggs to begin with ) , but i used to love having it as a kid . 
  cheese for me too . 
  occasionally some cold cuts . 
  dn and svenska dagbladet used to be my main news sources , until they both put up their respective paywalls . 
  svd 's is pretty fair and manageable , but i really dislike dn 's and therefore do n't visit the site anymore . 
  which is a shame since i think that they do good work . 
  aftonbladet is the tabloid i read the most , even if that 's not saying too much . 
  i like and respect svt , but i rarely visit their site . 
  english is no problem , since you do n't have any extra letters . 
  in fact , i do n't think that any of `` your '' letters are in a different place on our keyboards than they are on yours ; our extra letters are off to the side , where i think you guys just have some symbols that are more easily reshuffled . 
  it 's more of a hassle to practice my german in duolingo due to a lack of the '' \u00fc '' ( for example ) on a nordic keyboard . 
  but it 's doable . 
  if i were to try to learn a language with a lot more extra characters i would probably use the mobile app and just download a , say , czech keyboard design . 
  yeah , that was the feeling i got as well . 
  i do n't think that i 've ever called them anything but `` chokladbollar '' , even if i am old enough to remember `` neger '' itself having a different connotation back in the day vs now . 
  either way , this was recent enough for the debate to effectively having ended , which is what threw me off . 
  had it happened as the debate first started it would have been another thing entirely . 
  the same if he 'd been older than he was , in which case i could have understood him using it out of habit ( kind of like you said you did for a while ) . 
  now it was just a young guy using it well after everyone had kind of settled on it no longer being okay , which just felt really weird . 
  i remember hearing the person in front of me in the caf\u00e9 queue ordering one of those , using that term . 
  i was supposed to order one of those as well , but was so thrown off by the guy in front of me that i could n't think of the proper name for them . 
  i just stood silently , looking stupid for a moment , and then just wound up ordering something else all together . 
  i had never heard anyone actually use it in real life . 
  i always figured that the people who were protesting the name-change did so more out of principle than because they actually used it when out and about . 
  i guess i was wrong . 
  i think that might be if anyone wants ketchup on their burger . 
  :p seriously , though , i 've never heard of anyone having ketchup on pizza before . 
  on the other hand , i remember seeing some weird toppings available for pizza last time i was in finland , so perhaps i should n't be too surprised . 
  i did n't expect to see those cities on a list such as this . 
  not saying they 're bad choices in any way , just a bit unexpected . 
  i remember having a jewish girl in a class at school way back when , but nowadays it 's not something you really notice . 
  with the exception of a christian friend , i ca n't remember ever discussing somebody 's religion , which in turn makes it pretty difficult to say if i 've met people who were religious in one way or another . 
  i do n't have especially much general knowledge about montenegro , but i 've been there ( kotor ) and had a thoroughly great time . 
  it was only for a day so it 's not like i `` know '' montenegro now , but i really liked the weather , nature , food and the historical buildings/architecture . 
  i 've never had better risotto than i had there . 
  i 'm usually not a big fan of the dish , but i 'd heard good things about it and decided to try it out . 
  that small restaurant put every other place i 've ever had risotto in to shame , and completely changed how i view the dish . 
  the * potential * in the dish . 
  so that was pretty cool . 
  not every day that something like that happens . 
  [ this clip ] ( https://youtu.be/ftwcpnbtbuo ) of a couple of morning show hosts accidentally setting fire to cheese doodles when they were trying to fry them in a pan got pretty viral , not just in sweden . 
  i think there used to be a clip with english subtitles , but i did n't find it so you get the swedish original . 
  london , just for english . 
  if i were ever to live and work abroad i would probably , somehow , be writing in english . 
  seems a bit silly to not go for the uk then . 
  berlin , because i really like what i 've seen of the city , both in the center and in the suburbs surrounding it . 
  i also really like germany in general and would have a head start with the language since i 've studied it quite a bit . 
  i struggled a bit with coming up with a third , but probably copenhagen . 
  basically sweden with slightly warmer weather . 
  i can live with that , even if i have to resort to english when speaking with them . 
  it 's not more than that ? 
  i guess it 's still quite a lot of people , but i would have guessed the percentage to be higher , especially if we 're counting second and third generation finns . 
  i think that 's a totally fair assessment . 
  us being far away from pretty much everyone but each other is true for all of the nordic countries , with the exception of denmark . 
  if op 's goal ( aside from the education , of course ) is to be able to explore non-nordic europe then anywhere in central europe is probably the best choice . 
  saying so is n't biased , just logical . 
  i remember my mom reading that to me as a kid . 
  it * fucked me up * so bad . 
  i love it . 
  there is something about truly horrifying tales that i 've always really liked . 
  i 've been aware of the situation in venezuela for a while now , and it 's pretty grim . 
  i certainly think people have legitimate reasons for wanting to get out . 
  but i do n't really think that it 's europe 's responsibility to take them in . 
  there has to be a lot easier solutions closer to venezuela than for them to pack everything up and leave for the other side of the world . 
  syria might feel far away from europe , but compared to venezuela it 's practically next door ( hell , even * without * comparing it to venezuela it 's practically next door ) . 
  if somehow the * two continents * worth of countries over there ca n't help them , then sure , europe can and should help . 
  but right now i really see it as a situation that can and should be handled locally . 
  i find the uk a bit weird . 
  i grew up thinking of the four parts as separate countries united in a union - easy . 
  but as i grew older i more and more saw the uk being referred to as * the * country , with `` my '' countries instead just being regions within it . 
  so i have a kind of low-intensity confusion brewing about the whole thing . 
  regardless , however : yeah , i know that those four countries/regions make up the uk . 
  but i tend to view them as separate entities , and not really as `` the uk '' . 
  even if i * know * that -- you know , i said it was complicated . 
  i 'll just leave it at that . 
  i always try to not forget too much german . 
  i used to use duolingo , but got sick and lost my streak . 
  have n't bothered picking it up again , but i probably will when my life has settled down a bit . 
  a lot of things are sort of up in flux at the moment , which makes committing to duolingo ... well , something for another time . 
  i do n't really have a perception of portugal or the portuguese people . 
  i do n't know any stereotypes ( literally ; i do n't just not subscribe to them - i do n't know what they would be to begin with ) , nor too many truths . 
  you 're good at football , with ronaldo being a beast .
