  was it bad/inaccurate , or did you find it annoying for another reason ? 
  regardless of the quality of it , i really liked that there was a change of accent when going from one region to the next . 
  antiva is another great example ( i agree about josephine and zevran !, 
  ) , even if it has n't been explored to the same extent as orlais was in inquisition . 
  if you 're interested in different countries ' b&j flavors , i suggest looking at b&j 's website for a lot of countries outside of the us ( including , but not limited to , a bunch of european ones ) . 
  here 's a link to the [ swedish site ] ( http://www.benjerry.se/smaker/ice-cream-tubs ) to start you off . 
  basically just click in the top right corner to switch country , and in the leftmost category ( the one that says `` smaker '' at the swedish site , although my link already takes you there ) to go to the different flavors . 
  to answer your question ( from a swedish perspective ) : i have no idea what red velvet cake even is , but chunky monkey sounds like a flavor combination we could potentially have had , even if i do n't recognize the specific name . 
  i like it and it 's one of the most basic ben & jerry flavors here in sweden , but i ca n't remember ever seeing it outside of american ice creams . 
   personally i 've never had a bad experience with any gypsies , and i see them almost every day . 
  yeah , people to the south and east of us really seem to have a different experience with them than we do . 
  i 've also never had any problems with them , especially not anything criminal . 
  blackies ? 
  any particular reason ? 
  i do n't associate them with either darker skin or black clothing . 
  maybe the occasional black skirt , but i 'm still curious how the name came about . 
  i was about to write that because i thought i 'd heard that it was , but i could n't find any sources backing it up when i googled it so i became unsure . 
  but yeah : old norse is a thousand years old - even older than old swedish , which can be hard enough to understand at times - so while i can appreciate the attention to detail , it does n't make me understand it any more . 
   there 's something cute and melodic about the `` swedish/norwegian accent '' - not what people ( americans ? ... ), 
  usually associate with a badass viking !, 
  hahaha !, 
  oh , this is by no means the first time i 've heard that argument against using actual scandinavian voices . 
  it 's something that tends to come up in discussions such as these . 
  on the one hand , woohoo , we come across in a very positive light . 
  that 's always nice . 
  but on the other : i want to be a badass viking !, 
  :p well , at least it 's better than that one time , in another similar discussion , where one person objected to us playing ourselves by not wanting their precious vikings to remind him of abba or the swedish chef from the muppets . 
  i have n't met anyone from venezuela personally and you do n't pop up that much in media , so i do n't have that much of an opinion on the venezuelan people as such . 
  the only one i know of is johanna hausmann , who 's a youtuber ( and other things , but that 's where i know her from ) . 
  she 's cool and through her i 've learned a bit more about the not-so-great things that goes on in venezuela at the moment . 
  me neither , but pickled dane is a staple of the swedish christmas dinner . 
  assuming venezuelans are anything like danes , they are more than welcome to join them at our table . 
  i love the dragon age series when it comes to accents in fantasy . 
  it could maybe broaden it 's horizons a bit and not have the whole world have european accents , but i loved how the whole of inquisition 's orlais had a french accent . 
  as long as the non-native english speakers can actually speak good , clear english , i usually find having a diverse cast really positive . 
  it 's always fun to hear different types of voices than the usual ones . 
  it 's certainly much better than hearing americans pretending to have whatever accent they are going for . 
  from a strictly personal point of view , it would be nice to hear a viking who - for once !, 
  - were n't scottish for some reason . 
  i loved the skellige islands in witcher 3 for a whole bunch of reasons , and i thought that combining viking stuff with scottish and irish stuff worked wonderfully , but hearing everyone talk with either a scottish or an irish accent was really weird when so much of everything there , from names to places to lore , was ours . 
  the fact that no one could pronounce things correctly just added to my amusement . 
  on the other hand the vikings tv series tried to have its characters speak some kind of nordic dialect , and i honestly could n't understand what they were saying without subtitles . 
  of course , they 're mostly native english speakers trying to speak with some kind of old norse accent , but still . 
  whatever gripes i have with characters always speaking american english , there still is a case to be made for things being easily understood without any distracting accents in the way . 
  i am still really in the camp that favors diverse accents , but * it has to be understandable * , first and foremost . 
  oh , yeah , let 's downvote the only italian to answer a question directed at italians . 
  here , have an upvote instead . 
  [ this is how it looks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tldycvfmkky ) when we win the ice hockey world cup . 
  it 's a lot of interviews in swedish in the beginning of the video , but later on you see the celebration and how many people were there . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=11p-qk2ycpi ) you see it from another angle , without any interviews . 
  the camera only focuses on the stage , but you still see that there are a ton of people there . 
  in terms of football , well , we do n't ever win . 
  we won the junior world cup a couple of years ago , which was awesome , but still not comparable to the regular one . 
  we did however take a bronze medal in the 1994 world cup , and that 's a collective pride that is constantly remembered and celebrated . 
  there was even a controversial think piece in one of the largest news papers here , where the writer ( too young to have experiences the feat himself ) wanted us to tone it down with the nostalgia and move on . 
  never !, 
  we 'll take them too , then . 
  the sami people have [ their own flag ] ( https://www.dorotea.se/media/1212/sameflagga.jpg ) , and each of our * landskap * technically has their own even if at least i do n't regularly see them . 
  the exception being [ the flag of sk\u00e5ne ] ( https://www.flaggoronline.se/picture/skane3_zmlfen.jpg ) , because of course they 're always the exception . 
  live concerts are the best . 
  i used to go to a ton of them when i was younger , but it has been quite a few years since i last saw one . 
  still remember going to metaltown in gothenburg and being fully entranced by cult of luna . 
  a beautiful , unrelenting wall of sonic wonderment . 
  hahahaha !, 
  in school i had a friend whose parents came to sweden from chile after pinochet 's coup in 1973 . 
  that , too , happened on september 11 of that year . 
  it seems to be a bad date , wherever you are in the world . 
  haha !, 
  yeah , i 'd forgotten all about that one . 
  i really like german . 
  it 's , in a way , the only truly foreign language i know . 
  i started learning english at such a early age , and it 's so omnipresent , that i do n't consider it a second language of mine . 
  it 's certainly not my native language , but it feels sort of in between those two points . 
  or to the side of them . 
  but german is different . 
  i learned it late enough to be able to step back and observe it from a distance , while still knowing what i look at due to my studies . 
  that combo makes it really beautiful . 
  it has some of the quirks that i really like with swedish , while also having a really cool grammar . 
  i do n't want to go all language nerd , but i love how i can structure sentences differently in german than in swedish or english . 
  it 's possible to structure sentences differently between swedish and english as well , but the difference is not always as profound there . 
  the fact that part of my family is german adds an extra layer to it all . 
   the racist people i encounter every now and then also treat me nice after they get to know me a little . 
  this is a thing that annoys me so much . 
  while there are maybe some who are racist after some kind of bad personal experience , most of the time it 's so obvious that they 've never met someone from whatever group they 're racist against . 
  i just want to take them , shake them out of their ignorance and yell , `` but get to know a [ whatever group ] and you 'll see that they 're just like everyone else !, 
  most of the iranians i 've met have been teachers throughout my years in school . 
  some of the best i 've had , so i have a very positive impression of them . 
  the fact that they not only were such great teachers , but were also teaching the classes which i liked the most ( except for a math teachers ) just further cements that impression . 
  i 've had several iranian teachers who have taught me about society in different ways , be it in `` this is how our government works '' class or when i read sociology in university . 
  the iranian sociology teacher was hard , but that 's what you need . 
  he kept pushing us to be better , and we eventually were , thanks to him . 
  oh , definitely !, 
  we have had * a lot * of kings for the last millennia , and he 's one of only a handful of those whose accomplishments i 'm aware of or that i can properly attribute to someone in particular . 
  he 's a very important historical figure since his reign marks the beginning of a very important era in swedish history - * stormaktstiden * , or `` the era of great power '' . 
  i do n't know how he 's presented in school nowadays - i have n't been there for a long time and do n't have any children , so i have no insight into today 's school system - but i ca n't imagine that at least the era that he ushered in is left out of the syllabus . 
  those are four . 
  the big swedish one - the assassination of olof palme - has already been mentioned , but i 'll throw in a few other cases : * [ the murder of swedish foreign secretary anna lindh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_lindh#assassination ) : unlike the palme murder lindh 's was solved , but it is still probably the biggest criminal investigation i 've seen in my lifetime . 
  one of those murders that , in order for there to be any trust in the justice system , * had * to be solved . 
  there could - under absolutely no circumstances - be two unsolved political assassinations . 
  * [ thomas quick/sture bergwall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sture_bergwall ) : sweden 's most notorious serial killer who , it turned out , had n't killed any of his supposed victims .
