  what do you mean ? 
  good to hear . 
  haha , what a cute cartoon !, 
   how well can macron have worked with merkel in the short time he 's been president ? 
  or has he held a position prior to the presidency where he worked with her/germany ? 
  but are n't spelling bees tied to the school ? 
  would n't it be better to use words that the kids might actually one day need/are part of the curriculum instead of just bizarrely obscure ones ? 
  then you can have those useful words be as difficult as possible to really test the kids ' mettle , and you 'd not hear a peep from me . 
  haha , that 's so cool !, 
  i figured that they would just wear the colors , not the flag itself . 
  should i ever find myself in the unlikely scenario where i am somehow watching argentinian club football , i will definitely cheer for them . 
  wonderful !, 
  finland has an argentinian fan club ? 
  i want an argentinian fan club !, 
  very different political parties . 
  interested in offering yourself up for these horny tourists , eh ? 
  might i suggest just walking down to the airport dressed in nothing more than a leather waist cloth , with a gag ball in your mouth , holding a greeting sign saying only , `` you know who you are '' ? 
  i doubt you even have to plan to meet anyone ; they 'll come to you . 
  be sure to get a statistically significant amount of these desperate , sex-starved individuals for your research into their behavior to bear any real scientific fruit . 
  good luck . 
  i will await your paper with great anticipation . 
  ca n't imagine it to be anything less than fascinating . 
  to finally understand these people !, 
  at the moment i 'm just utterly bewildered by them , but i 'm sure that will change as i read through your eventual conclusions . 
  hahaha , well , good for him . 
  no one should be put in that situation . 
  what kid that age would even know what a `` negus '' is ? 
  i had no idea until i saw it explained in the comments . 
  i have never seen or heard of any swedish sex tourism , but hypothetically : fuck them . 
  except , you know , not in the way that they imagine . 
  i just find the general concept of traveling to a country only to have sex to be very creepy , degrading and highly disrespectful . 
  they can just stay in their basements and buy the occasional lad mag . 
  or discover the internet . 
  whatever floats their boat and does n't involve using foreigners ' bodies . 
  oh , god . 
  i began watching , but i just ca n't continue watching beyond the judges giving him the word to spell . 
  i feel so bad for the kid . 
  you just * know * what 's going to happen . 
  agreed , bay of kotor is really beautiful . 
  i just went there on a whim when i was in croatia a few years ago and was extremely pleasantly surprised . 
  it took a while getting across the border , but it was * definitely * worth the wait . 
  do n't recognize anything , sadly . 
  hahaha . 
  i actually heard a sample of n\u00e4rpes swedish just the other day and was blown away by how much like gibberish it sounded . 
  :d but fair enough . 
  if that is the concession i have to agree to in order to have swedish - any swedish - at the top , then so be it . 
  just signal that you actually do want to speak english so that i can flip that switch in my head . 
  i do n't mind people assuming that i speak english , but if you just come up and begin speaking english with me while i 'm in full swedish mode i might brain fart . 
  either it sounds like you speak gibberish swedish or i understand you perfectly but reply in swedish because that 's what my mind is still wired to do . 
  a simple `` hello , do you speak english ? '', 
  rewires me and we can continue on just fine . 
  then leave !, 
  the days of swedish being a small and insignificant language shall come to an end !, 
  * prepares lobbying strategy for a swedish takeover * soon ... * laughs devilishly *, 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  it 's not like i think that iran is some kind of backwaters country held back from the wonders of the modern age by their religious leaders . 
  that was n't the point i was trying to make . 
  what i meant was that the religious leadership holds democracy back . 
  i 'm glad that rouhani got re-elected because it seems like he moved the country in the right direction during his first four years , but there is still a very conservative religious leadership above him that is unelected . 
  i would very much like to see what iran could become under an unshackled moderate , while no longer being constantly vilified by the west . 
  it just feels like there is so much more potential for the country . 
  i got new york/jersey city/yonkers , but man , do you have a lot of words for road related stuff that i have no idea what they are supposed to describe . 
  a lot of these terms where entirely foreign concepts to me , especially since i do n't drive and therefore am not well-versed in car and road terminology at all , regardless of language . 
  i have no movies that i watch * that * often - i very rarely re-watch movies at all - but the science fiction flick `` sunshine '' is one of the movies i 've seen the most times . 
  i keep coming back to it time and again . 
  it 's just so beautiful , with a fantastic score . 
  i love it . 
  i quite like it , but that might be because i grew up with it ( or at least with a similar variant from the suburbs to the south of stockholm ) . 
  but there is something i find really appealing in a lot of people from different cultures coming together and forming a special kind of swedish , that is inclusive of everyone 's various backgrounds and languages . 
  they have a religious leadership that is holding them back , but at least they are n't `` suicide bomb kids '' crazy religious . 
  i think it 's a shame that the us ( and therefore , the west ) has chosen saudi arabia over iran as their ( our ) ally in the middle east . 
  iran has a long way to go before being an ideal ally , but saudi arabia is directly responsible for a lot of extremist shit in a way that iran is n't . 
  trump 's current stance , where he cuddles sa and vilifies iran , is laughable . 
  even if it 's not exactly a novel approach to the situation . 
  i 'm really curious what iran could be if it were to be freed from its oppressive religious leadership . 
  the iranians i 've met here in sweden have more or less universally been extremely bright . 
  it 's a shame that those people were the ones who had to flee after ' 79 . 
  i would have liked some focus on the sami . 
  most of what i know of sami history i 've learned outside of school , which is a shame . 
  i do n't know if it 's gotten better since i was in school - i feel that it 's gotten better in general , in society , at least - but i knew basically nothing about them when i graduated . 
  okay , so this is going to be a little complicated , but hopefully i 'll be able to explain it . 
  back in the day , before sweden was a unified kingdom , there were several groups of people , all vying for power . 
  the group that eventually won was the swedes . 
  since english uses the same name for both that specific group of people ( * svear * ) and people currently living in sweden ( * svenskar * ) , i 'll use the swedish names for them instead since we differentiate between them . 
  the modern swedish name for sweden is * sverige * , or `` svea rike '' , which translates as `` the kingdom of the svear '' ( since they won the crown and therefore ruled the entire country ) . 
  then there is * svealand * , which means `` the land of the svear '' - that is , the specific area they originally came from , as opposed to the areas from which the people they fought for the crown came from . 
  svealand is still the name of one of the three parts of modern sweden . 
  so we basically have two very similar names for the two different regions that the svear ruled , before and after their conquest of what would become known as sweden . 
  i hope this makes sense . 
  [ if i do n't secure a work visa after my student visa expires , could i backpack around on a tourist visa and bounce between the eu and non-eu european countries to stay in europe indefinitely ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6bhfas/if_i_dont_secure_a_work_visa_after_my_student ) a few days ago there was also a thread about how europe should take in americans fleeing trump and american cops instead of people fleeing war and terror . 
  ca n't seem to find it , though . 
  that stereotype is so weird and rooted in an absolute ignorance of european history . 
  i feel that it ultimately says a lot more about the person holding it than it does about any frenchman , living or dead . 
  the vikings were pretty violent , but not all scandinavians at the time were vikings . 
  it 's really only a term for those who went about being bastards to people . 
  then there were a lot of non-viking scandinavians who were farmers , explorers , traders - all of the usual stuff . 
  the fact that people in their early 20s are too young to remember 9/11 makes me feel so * incredibly * old , even though it 's technically only a 10 year difference between us . 
  assuming we do n't nuke the world to oblivion or ignore climate change for too long , i tend to view our existence as , largely , an upward curve . 
  therefore the later , the better .
