  taking a step back from my own situation , though ... well , let 's just say that i 'm in favor of trying it out in a small scale before quickly doing any sweeping changes . 
  i can see how it * might * work , but i 'm not yet totally convinced that it will . 
  and if it does n't , i do n't want money that could go to the sick ( or those in some other need ) being distributed out over everyone regardless of actual need for it . 
  i have a very `` let me do me and i 'll let you do you '' approach to religion . 
  if people wish to practice it then i see no reason for me to meddle in their lives , unless their practices somehow spills over onto others . 
  same thing when it comes to global politics . 
  i do n't want us to actively `` fight '' any religion . 
  i have no problem with a country like iran being an islamic state , in itself - my problems are more with how they go about it , and the ways it infringes on the rights of people . 
  but then again , i do n't like people 's rights being infringed for secular reasons either . 
  it 's not religion that needs to be fought . 
  it 's the absence of freedom . 
  also : even if i were in favor of actively spreading secularism , i would n't tie it to liberalism . 
  let people have whatever political opinion they want ( again , so long as it does n't restrict people 's freedom ) . 
  i would personally be intrigued if iran became a social democracy , but in the end it 's up to the iranians themselves to figure out . 
  i 'll answer your questions , but i want to mention one thing : `` should your country be a part of nato ? '', 
  is not a simple yes or no question over here . 
  it 's a pretty complicated discussion that 's hard to have a simple answer to . 
  just saying . 
  edit : there , done . 
  it 'll be interesting to read the results . 
  the person in question was asking if some things s/he 'd heard about scandinavians ( and , later in the conversation , dutch people ) were true - specifically that we were n't as considerate of each others emotions when speaking to one another . 
  it did n't make much sense to me at the time , but if there is a difference in how direct we are then that does explain some things . 
  it 's possible that our directness , while not meant to be rude , might seem so if you 're not used to it . 
  but i have n't met enough spaniards to really have a personal opinion about our differences , which is why the earlier conversation was a bit weird . 
  i was n't really in a position to comment on how our cultures compared to one another . 
  this explains a lot of what went on in a conversation i had with a spaniard last week . 
  i had no idea what was going on there , but if there is a noticeable difference in directness between the cultures then that clears things up quite a lot . 
  good choice . 
  it 's one of the things i could mention for sweden as well . 
  i mostly communicate via facebook messenger , but since i have n't had a phone/been able to text for the past year or so it 's a little hard to say if that 's by choice or necessity . 
  i did use to text a lot before my phone went belly up . 
  it will depend a lot on how trump 's foreign policy looks like . 
  i have n't seen much of those yet ( even if some of his domestic policies obviously affects different countries in various ways ) , so it 's hard to say right now . 
  i think he 's a terrible president , but unless he really tanks the us when it comes to foreign affairs he 's not going to fundamentally change how i rank the three nations . 
  i 'm still most sympathetic to the us of the three . 
  i do n't expect that in itself to change , no matter how much my opinion of the us as such may drop . 
  that said , i do n't really have an opinion of china other than that i wish they were a bit more democratic . 
  so if trump * does * start doing crazy foreign policy shit , i guess it is conceivable that china could rise to a `` at least they 're not crazy '' first place . 
  but i do n't expect that to happen . 
  there is still a senate , a congress and a justice system in the us , after all . 
  i expect that someone will stop him before he nukes some baltic state after seeing a parody he did n't like . 
  always laugh at danes . 
  is there a strong will to abolish the monarchy altogether ? 
  is it criticized in various ways , such as how it gets tons of money which is n't necessarily funneled into something positive for the average citizen ? 
  sure , that comes up every now and again . 
  but at the end of the day ( and this is mostly me musing a little , i 'm not speaking for swedes in general ) , the royal family is an old symbol of sweden which could n't just be replaced with a president . 
  the royal family also does n't have any political power , so it 's not like we would hand over an unelected source of power to an elected office . 
  we would just create another office that holds power . 
  even if it has a democratic foundation , i 'm not sure if that 's ultimately a good thing , or a thing sweden needs . 
  i 'm pretty happy with the symbolic face outwards being politically impotent , while the elected parliament holds all actual power . 
  i do n't know about any bans on people , but there were certain groups of people coming in from different parts of europe around that time . 
  there 's so little people in sweden that we 've always needed outside workers , and 500 years ago it was probably mostly germans , dutch people and walloons coming over . 
  perhaps not in massive numbers , but they did do important stuff when they were here . 
  we were still far in the north , though , separated by sea from almost everyone else . 
  i imagine that people moved much more freely between the continental european nations than to and from sweden . 
  at least relatively speaking . 
  even though i 'm aware of the shared history between scotland and especially norway , i 'm still always surprised when i continue to discover even more neat little similarities between our languages . 
  we have a lot of the same names for generations as you do . 
  i think the most notable difference would be `` the ironical generation '' . 
  it 's basically generation x ( or so wikipedia tells me ) , but over here it coincided with a strong appreciation of irony in this particular generation . 
  it shaped the comedy that came out of that generation . 
  would n't it just be easier to ask netflix to buy in more european movies and series , and give them subtitles ? 
   they 're planning to open trbovlje chimney for tourists . 
  i both love and hate those kinds of videos . 
  they 're cool , but my head wo n't stop spinning after watching them . 
  i 'm not good with heights , even from the comfort of my own couch . 
  hm , if you do n't plan to go to western europe ( and assuming you 're going soon and not in july ) , i guess [ this ] ( http://www.bullrunpamplona.com/ ) is out of the question . 
  that was otherwise the first thing i thought of . 
  it 's * sooooo * not my cup of tea , but if you say `` europe '' and `` adrenaline '' , i have a hard time coming up with anything better . 
  in terms of what you actually can do , maybe skiing ? 
  i assume that you 'd go up through or at least near the alps . 
  but you kind of have to know how to ski , to ski . 
  on the other hand , if you ca n't ski , even the slightest movement while on skis will produce copious amounts of adrenaline anyway . 
  fair enough , i guess . 
  i was just scrolling through fast and accidentely read `` my erection '' . 
  i 'm like , `` oh , he really likes potatoes . '', 
  then i saw what you actually wrote : `` oh , my bad . '', 
  then i clicked on the link and now i 'm back at , `` oh , he * really * likes potatoes . '', 
  :d not gon na lie , though : potatoes done right , with or without skin , are heavenly . 
  i in no way , shape or form disapprove of your reaction . 
  i was about to question fries with mayo , but then you come with mayo and ketchup . 
  why ? 
  i know who he is , but i do so because i follow us media . 
  i ca n't recall him ever being mentioned in swedish media . 
  he does n't really serve a purpose as a commentator of religion here . 
  if our media want someone to comment on islam , there are swedes who can do that just fine . 
  i think it 's also worth pointing out that i do n't think the new atheist movement is especially strong here ( in sweden ; ca n't speak for the rest of europe ) . 
  we are an incredibly secular country , so there is n't the same need to oppose religion as it may be in the us . 
  i personally ca n't stand the movement despite not believing either , but i am probably more familiar with it then the average swede . 
  there are a lot of reasons why i would want to see the us , but a big one is to see what 's true and what 's not . 
  us culture and news dominate so much over here , but without actually going over there and seeing it for myself i feel like i live in this sort of weird little bubble of constant maybes about american culture and politics . 
  i see so much , but i do n't have any way of really checking what 's true and what 's not . 
  so just doing that would be cool . 
  but then , as others have said , you do have stuff that interests even us europeans . 
  i really want to see your redwoods , for example . 
  i want to travel down empty roads in the middle of nowhere . 
  visit the south and eat stuff that will kill me . 
  i 'm also curious about the diversity of your biggest cities . 
  you constantly hear that the us is this giant melting pot , but i grew up in a really diverse part of sweden as well so i want to see how the two compare . 
  also : new york has about the same number of inhabitants as all of sweden , so that alone makes me interested in it .
