  i remember identifying a lot with an acquaintance going through the bureaucratic nightmare that is transitioning , despite being cis myself , because i was banging my head against similar walls in our healthcare at the time . 
  i think that the procedure probably needs to be streamlined a lot . 
  why ca n't you change your name before 2019 ? 
  out of all of the cumbersome bureaucratic things that comes with transitioning , changing one 's name would have been the one i thought was the least difficult , since it 's a procedure that is not exclusive to trans people . 
  i mean , as soon as you marry someone there 's a decent chance that you change your name , regardless of your gender identity . 
  i do n't see why things would be more difficult for trans people . 
  a couple of slices of bread with some pepper salami , and a bunch of chocolate-and-oats cookies that i had left after some * fika * yesterday . 
  hahahaha . 
  i love that about scotland . 
  is the unicorn even from scottish folklore or is it just * completely * random ? 
  i 'm not sure that we have an official national animal , but if we ever settled on one it would presumably be the moose . 
  they are already so iconic that we , when i was young , had problems with tourists stealing road signs warning people of them . 
  we had to begin selling those signs as actual souvenirs for the stealing to stop . 
  exactly , that 's what i meant by swedes in the west or southern sweden maybe feeling differently . 
  and yes , i do live near stockholm . 
  the east ? 
  is the weather warmer there than in the west ? 
  to my knowledge there are no real differences in temperature between the two coasts over here . 
  i assume that people are similarly shocked by how not-cold it is here as well , though . 
  we always tend to be seen as this winter wonderland , which is usually pretty far from the truth unless you go far north . 
  while i have n't actually heard anyone state their astonishment at this , i would n't be too surprised if it was the case given how we 're usually portrayed . 
  just to add a band to that list , i really like some of the stuff that suspekt has done . 
  my danish is too shitty for me to understand much more than the very basics of what they 're rapping about , but the music is dope . 
  that actually seems like a pretty sensible system . 
  why would you be open when everyone who could possibly use your service is busy working ? 
  i hate how our banks are usually only open during hours no one can visit them at without taking time off , so if they were closed for a few hours in the middle of the day and then open a few hours longer at the end of the day i would be very happy . 
  i mostly do my bank stuff online these days , but every so often you do need to visit them and it 's always annoying . 
  same thing with grocery stores . 
  my local store recently extended it 's opening hours from 8 pm to 10 pm , and it was wonderful . 
  if they would have had to close a few hours in the middle of the day to do so , then i would have said `` go ahead !, 
  it 's a little hard to choose between our nordic neighbors , and perhaps swedes in the south or to the west feel differently , but i feel like sweden and finland has a special relationship . 
  danes and norwegians are our brothers and sisters , but finns are our * brothers and sisters * . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  my dad had a stationary grill , but my mom did n't so we would instead usually just go to the beach or a park or any other open space , really . 
  when summer comes around shops start selling these one-off grills that you can just bring wherever you go , grill on once , and then discard . 
  it makes it possible to be very mobile when it comes to barbecues , which is rather nice . 
  you can see a lot of families coming to a park or a beach , all huddled around their own little grill . 
  pretty neat . 
   do n't know how i 'd get through the summer without a pool it 's perfectly possible here . 
   that said , i did see a lot of pools growing up . 
  for some reason there was some kind of pool craze in my neighborhood and everyone ( but my family , argh ! ), 
  got one . 
  weird . 
  have n't seen one since i left that area sometime in the late 90 's . 
  but i have n't moved far - i still live in the same suburb . 
  just maybe five bus stops away , but no pools here . 
  of course , i do live on the fifth floor of an apartment complex now , so i guess `` no pool '' is n't terribly surprising . 
  * looks to the east * `` hey , finland !, 
  we cool ? '', 
  * unintelligible finnish shouting * `` i think we 're cool . '', 
  * the annual ice hockey world championship arrives * `` finland ... '' * unintelligible finnish shouting * `` okay , so we 're cool 50 weeks out of the year . '', 
  he was pissing for long enough for the wind to change direction ? 
  either the weather 's more fickle in cornwall than it is here or your guy had had one hell of a binge . 
  i do n't remember being aware of what religious beliefs ( if any ) any prime minister has had . 
  there are some politicians who are openly religious in various ways - most obviously people in the christian democratic party - but no one cares as long as you 're sensible , which is still usually the case no matter what you believe in . 
  i used to care about not being part of those types of meetings when i was younger and was just learning that we were n't . 
  nowadays ? 
  * shrugs * i really do n't care . 
  interesting . 
  what are you actually celebrating on january 6th ? 
  is it christmas or is it something else ? 
  in sweden we celebrate [ yule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yule ) on december 24th instead of christmas . 
  well , kind of , anyway . 
  it 's an interesting blend of , yes , some christian traditions ( jesus ' birth ) but also some pagan stuff ( * jultomten * comes instead of st. nikolaus/santa claus ) and some things that are pretty non-religious altogether ( everyone hunkers down and watches an hour of donald duck and his friends ) . 
  pickled walnuts ? 
  i 've never heard of nuts being pickled before . 
  interesting . 
  i 'll just leave this answer from the thread made by some middle eastern guy a day or so ago , asking us about our opinions on people from that region . 
   i will say that most of my interactions with middle easterners has been very positive , though . 
  i had a iraqi best friend growing up and both he and his whole family was amazing . 
  fantastic food , great people . 
  a nerd just like me . 
  his dad had some kind of import company that worked towards introducing middle eastern foods to the swedish market . 
   a lot of the best teachers i 've had has also been iranians . 
  really smart and passionate people . 
   when i got a bit older but was still in school i also got a bunch of turkish school mates . 
  still to this day ( 10 + years after we graduated ) get some valuable perspective on stuff that happens in turkey thanks to at least one friend i still keep in touch with on facebook . 
   so i have a hard time seeing what people are saying when they are scared of arabs/middle easterners/muslims , because my experience with them has been rather wonderful . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't practices over there that i do n't agree with - there are a lot of them - but i know for a fact that people from the region can integrate well and hold swedish values as their own . 
  it 's a mandatory subject , as others have said . 
  being able to actually play computer games was a pretty strong motivator , though . 
  they are not translated into swedish - are usually not even given swedish subtitles - so either you understand english , and can have that as a hobby , or you do n't and you ca n't . 
  i had a period when i was around 10-12 years old where i probably learned as much by myself , looking up words i did n't know from games in a dictionary , as i did from actual english classes . 
  surprise , surprise - the video games playing nerds were constantly the top scorers on english tests in school . 
  it would be nice to learn finnish , so that i could finally understand all of my relaltives . 
  i 'm half-german , so learning german felt pretty natural when the option came in 5th grade . 
  i 'm also half-finnish , but sadly i was never enrolled in some kind of second-language class despite them being there . 
  my parents did n't see the point of it , which is something i regret a bit today . 
  it would have been cool to know . 
  every language has it 's own quirks and special lenses through which the world is seen , so learning another language teaches you more than just whatever you know in english in another language . 
  it gives you the ability to see things you ca n't see through an english lens and say things you ca n't say in english . 
  or whatever your mother tongue may be . 
  it 's difficult to give general answers . 
  my opinions about the saudi , iranian , syrian and jordanian governments are very different from one another , and there are several governments in the area that i have no opinion about at all . 
  i will say that most of my interactions with middle easterners has been very positive , though . 
  i had a iraqi best friend growing up and both he and his whole family was amazing . 
  fantastic food , great people . 
  a nerd just like me . 
  his dad had some kind of import company that worked towards introducing middle eastern foods to the swedish market . 
  a lot of the best teachers i 've had has also been iranians .
