  i always forget that rockstar are british . 
  but yeah , i would definitely put them as one of the absolute greats . 
  yeah , it gets my vote as well . 
  i am in absolute awe of what cd projekt red did with that game . 
  i think it 's time for a ... queue-off !, 
  we had conscription when i was 19 so i spent a year in the military . 
  it made me understand the system a bit better , and i 'm not as anti-military as i was before . 
  i 'm still not pro-military , but i 'm more aware that politicians are the ones sending troops into combat ( and taking all of the other decisions ) , not the troops themselves . 
  this is n't terribly relevant for sweden itself since we 're not in that many conflicts , but i try to use the same reasoning so as to not be mad at the american military for example . 
  i try to hold the right people accountable , and that is rarely the individual soldiers . 
  to answer your second question : yeah , i know a lot of people who were in the army at the same time as me , and a few of them who stayed behind after i left . 
  i know people who 've gone on missions to other countries , but i mostly knew people in positions like my own ( radio operators ) or other relatively non-combat ones , so as far as i know no one i know have actually `` seen combat '' despite being in combat zones . 
  i ca n't imagine that the budget is even close to enough . 
  i know we were struggling with outdated equipment when i was there and i really doubt that continued budget cuts have changed things for the better . 
  that said , the stuff that was kind of iffy was not the stuff used in combat but rather training equipment , so i do n't fear that we 're sending people into war zones with faulty kevlar , jam-prone guns or anything like that . 
  i trust that they would do the best job they possibly could , but if russia ( or anyone , really ) comes knocking there really is no long-lasting defense we can put up even at peak efficiency . 
  we just do n't have the numbers . 
  you mean ... standing next to people ? 
  closely ? 
  * shudders * you do n't know swedes . 
  we do n't do that . 
  and we have a lot of trees up north . 
  i can be the same with queuing . 
  i do n't know how it works in other countries , but we often use an electronic system where you get a ticket and only step up to the bank teller ( for example ) when it 's your turn . 
  if i were to step into an empty bank , i would still take a number . 
  then they 'd beep me forward instantly . 
  seems like such an unnecessary step , but that procedure is so deeply ingrained in me that it 's hard to shake . 
  i feel that some people who have n't been to sweden in the winter often think that there 's this winter wonderland . 
  it can be , especially in the north , but further south it 's usually just dreary as fuck with an ice cold , seemingly everlasting darkness . 
  so we complain about the weather . 
  * a lot . 
  i do n't really care what type of bombs they drop - i care about the effects of those bombs . 
  obviously a bigger bomb means a bigger risk for collateral damage , but at the end of the day i would rather have them drop a giant bomb on terrorists than a small bomb on a hospital . 
  i do n't know the effects of this and i 'm a bit too sick to really dig into it , so i ca n't really offer any judgement here . 
  there are areas , mainly around the big cities , with large immigrant populations . 
  right . 
  so are we to invite a lot of people from all over america and put them in those areas to `` dilute '' the muslim population there ? 
  i do n't see the point of that . 
  the problem is n't that there 's a lot of muslims there , it 's that people there are n't always being integrated well . 
  that 's a political problem and these areas have been problematic for far longer than they 've housed the current influx of people from the middle east . 
  dumping a bunch of mexicans , haitians and other americans there is n't going to solve anything . 
  i see no reason to change things . 
  come as you 've always come . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it 's not like it 's impossible as is . 
  why would we stop/decrease our help of a region in need in order to take in people from a region that does n't really need any help ? 
  i mean , i 'm in no way opposed to americans coming here , but if it was a choice between the two i would much rather help people from the middle east flee oppression than somehow educate americans about our ways . 
  i like our public broadcaster svt . 
  they are always professional and far less commercial than , well , commercial channels . 
  it 's so annoying to have ice hockey games interrupted for commercials twice every period , and i love how svt uses those breaks for interviews or analyses instead . 
  same with the breaks between periods - on other channels they 're almost always just filled with commercials with only brief analyses in between them , but svt uses them to discuss the game a little bit more in-depth . 
  unfortunately they keep losing big tournaments since they ca n't throw money at them the same way some commercial networks can . 
  a damn shame . 
   well `` brats '' in swedish is n't really the same as `` brats '' in english true . 
   as for lattepappor , i kinda left it open because i was curious if someone would ask about it or not . 
  secret social experiments !, 
  love it . 
  i like how you describe stockholmers as lattepappor and brats/stekare , and then just offer translation for the person you already used an english term to describe while leaving `` lattepappor '' for non-swedes to wonder about . 
  i like the idea of keno secretly being this enormous operation that employs all of gotland . 
   not excactly what i meant , you can go to a traditional tavern , have your traditional local dishes , and let the kid have a burger with fries of whatever else is considered `` kid friendly '' ah . 
  but that does sound like what we ended up doing , so i think we agree in the end after all . 
  hahaha , yeah , submitting to the youngest in the group ( at least so long as that person is a kid ) is usually the easiest thing to do . 
   that said , i do think we found a restaurant near our hotel that fit all of our food desires , so we used to go there a lot . 
  everyone walked away happy , even if we perhaps did n't explore the food scene as much as i 'd wanted beyond that one restaurant . 
  hahaha , yeah , same here . 
  came to us and was just , `` this is a weird diss '' until i realized that it was n't . 
  :d nice that we have a decent reputation * somewhere * at least . 
  i ca n't stand swedes who go abroad just to get shitfaced . 
  they 're a national embarrassment . 
   north european nationalities : use sunscreen with spf 60 , you look like a lobster . 
  if that does n't work , stay under an umbrella . 
  and for god 's sake , if you are going to use sunscreen and then use public transport , wear a shirt . 
  we do n't have sun . 
  suddenly when we go abroad , there 's this huge warm blob in the sky and we just stand there , looking up all amazed . 
  regarding the food : hehehe . 
  i remember that from when i was in greece . 
  i was there with my family and my mother and i wanted to eat greek food , but my little sister ( maybe four at the time ) basically just wanted to eat whatever she was used to from home . 
  there was a constant battle to find restaurants that accommodated all of our culinary wishes . 
  ah , quite right . 
  i only went as far as * gymnasieniv\u00e5 * with my german ( and then some extracurricular stuff-picked-up-from-my-german-family teachings ) . 
  that explains the difference in fluency . 
   makes me wonder why i did n't choose to learn more german at university . 
  i took courses in both english and swedish , but german is the language i really would have needed an additional course in . 
  seems like a strange oversight , looking back . 
  european : i find it difficult to pick one . 
  i 'd probably have to choose either finnish or some romance language ( but choosing between them is also really hard ) . 
  i just really iike the flow of it . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  thanks !, 
  english among swedes is weird . 
  there are two very different things that i hear pretty much equally from people who hear us speak : either we 're overly confident in our abilities , or we 're too modest . 
  it makes it a little difficult to know where you 're at , personally . 
   it would be interesting to go to the uk or some other english-speaking country , just to see how i manage in an english-only environment . 
  to really challenge myself and see what happens . 
  how well do you speak/understand german ? 
  i 'm a little curious how we compare in that regard . 
  i 've been trying to keep my knowledge of the language alive , but i would never say that i 'm even a teeny tiny bit fluent in it . 
  not even in a `` it 's the language i 'm the least fluent in of the three '' way . 
  if your german proficiency is higher than mine i would be very interested in knowing how you keep it up and work on the language . 
  my native language is swedish .
