  would love to go some day , so i 'd recommend you to at least check them out in some travel guide . 
  sweden does n't really have that specific must-see , but rather a lot of places that are well worth visiting . 
  both stockholm and gothenburg are amazing cities . 
  stockholm has a tonne of interesting museums , while i usually went to gothenburg for an annual metal festival . 
  even if you 're not a metalhead , it 's a really nice city overall . 
  you could also probably hike up north , if that 's your thing . 
  one thing to note about sweden , if you like camping , is what we call [ * allemansr\u00e4tten * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_to_roam ) . 
  it is usually translated as `` the freedom to roam '' . 
  it means that you 're freer to camp and stuff than you are in countries that lack something like * allemansr\u00e4tten * . 
  there are several countries that have similar ( lack of ) laws in regards to camping . 
  obviously you ca n't camp in cities if you want to see city-sights , but if you 're interested in seeing the nature outside of them it might be worth checking out what you can and ca n't do . 
  if you want to live indoors , i can recommend formule 1 . 
  they 're cheap hotels that i used to frequent during the metal festivals i mentioned earlier . 
  it 's been a while since i last visited , but i remember them as excellent budget alternatives . 
  shitty breakfast , though . 
  :p i think that the hotel chain is originally french , but i do n't know how widely they operate in europe . 
  i 've only ever seen them in sweden . 
  lastly , i would just recommend that you try to rein in the amounts of stops you do on your trip . 
  try to get a feel for the countries you 're visiting instead of bouncing back and forth all over europe . 
  that tends to be a mistake i see a lot of people do when they ask these types of questions : they want to experience all of europe in a very short time . 
  that 's not really possible , even if 90 days allows you to see more than those who 'll just visit for a couple of weeks . 
  i do n't know of any swedish social media , as such . 
  there is n't an audience for that . 
  the only swedish-only internet things i can think of are some rather large forums , but i feel like that 's kind of outside of your question . 
  i 'm not really aware of a swedish diaspora . 
  i mean , sure , i know that there are tons of swedes abroad all over the world , but i do n't really know what they do . 
  the only group i 'm really aware of are the relatives of the swedes who fled to america back in the 19th century . 
  i feel very disconnected from them . 
  there seems to be a group that really holds on to their supposed swedishness , which is alright i guess . 
  it 's not my place to tell them anything different , but they sort of hold on to a swedishness from 150 years ago or whenever their first ancestors may have taken the boat over the atlantic . 
  the swedish ways and traditions of now and then are quite different . 
  couple that with their americanness and it all makes us pretty different from one another . 
  on the other hand , it 's immensely fascinating from a sort of sociological perspective , how people can diverge like that . 
  they also have a funny accent , which does n't sound anything like swedes of today . 
  i love germany above all else . 
  there is something about that country that just feels good and proper . 
  i love the food , the people , the culture and the language . 
  even when going from denmark to northern germany , there 's a slight but noticeable difference in germany 's favor . 
  that really surprised me , since i 'd thought that the scandinavian bond would have won out . 
  there is this really weird feeling where i feel both at home and that i 'm having the best vacation ever . 
  weird , but wonderful . 
  on a slightly distant second : italy . 
  man , that country is unrelenting in its beauty . 
  i 've been there a bunch of times , and every time it is more beautiful than the last . 
  they also have way more magnificent culture per square kilometer than they should be allowed to have . 
  they also have fantastic food . 
  i mean , for real . 
  it does n't have that `` second home '' quality that germany has , but man , are n't they a top vacation pick for me . 
  on the contrary . 
  i 'm proud that we are giving out a prize that celebrates the very best international efforts in the various fields . 
  that makes the prestige of actually winning it that much greater . 
  the only thing that can grate a little is when truly exceptional swedes are snubbed . 
  i know that there was quite a bit of public support to give the prize in literature to astrid lindgren before she passed , because she 's a national treasure . 
  that did n't happen , and it felt * really * weird . 
  i can also feel that ingmar bergman could have been an interesting contender . 
  there was never the same push for him to get the prize as with lindgren , probably because he did his movies during a time when the prize was a lot more focused on prose and poetry than bob dylan 's award seem to indicate that it is today . 
  on the other hand , there have been playwrights who 've received the prize in the past . 
  but this is mostly my own musings , since i love his works . 
  in any case : no , i do n't resent the nobel prizes in any way . 
  especially not the peace prize : that 's without a question the most important one , so i could n't care less how it came to be . 
  i 'm glad it 's a thing and that people and organizations can get that kind of recognition for their work . 
  they mostly deserve it immensely . 
  the problem with impeaching trump is that he has a whole squad of despicable people behind him . 
  you 'd have to remove pence as well to get to ryan , who 's at least an ordinary republican and not part of trump 's gang . 
  but i think that pence is smart . 
  he seems to stay in the shadows , keeping a low profile during all this . 
  if trump would be impeached ( and i 'm really not sure that he 'll be ) , pence would probably just step up and say that he was n't the one coming up with all of the crazy shit , and he 'd get the presidency . 
  and then he would do a lot of other crazy shit , but this time within the constitution . 
  that is not something i look forward to either . 
  as far as i know , we have no laws against disrespecting our own flag . 
  might be different with other nations ' , although i 'm not sure about that either . 
  in fact , we have a fairly famous [ art piece ] ( https://i1.wp.com/sp3.fotolog.com/photo/51/40/35/bajskorven/1196098456_f.jpg ) by a guy named carl johan de geer who did his best to disrespect it in various ways . 
  it says ( my own rough translation ) : `` desecrate the flag refuse weapons betray the motherland be unpatriotic '' then obviously the flag is on fire , and he has also written `` turd '' in the middle of it . 
  our extreme righters lost their shit when something put the piece back into the limelight last year . 
  the universe is so vast that i ca n't believe that we would be alone in it . 
  however , it 's also so vast that i do n't think that we could ever discover any other form of life . 
  unless there really are martians or something really close-by . 
  cd projekt red . 
  both the witcher games and gog . 
  man , i love that store . 
  it 's my go-to store for games . 
  at least when it comes to indie rpgs and slightly older games . 
  i do n't know too much about polish cuisine , but you do great sausages . 
   in terms of politics , if i 'm not mistaken , poland got a pretty right-wing government this past election ? 
  that 's always a shame . 
  been seeing similar stuff all over europe . 
  we also used to have an expression , `` polish parliament '' , for when it was total chaos in the government . 
  do n't know if that was rooted in something specific or just a joke . 
  do n't hear it as much nowadays , though . 
  probably because our own government is in total chaos . 
  so you know , stones , glasshouses . 
  :p lewandowski 's a beast as well . 
  i also remember a polish friend i had a long , long time ago . 
  first and second year in school . 
  damn was i sad when he moved back . 
  but one of the things i learned from him - a totally random thing to remember , now , 20 years later - is that women and men can have different last names , right ? 
  not completely different , but a small difference in the end . 
  i found that fascinating . 
  at first it seemed really odd , but then i learned that we used to do that in sweden as well . 
  well , kind of .
