  i also have a medical condition that makes it hard for me to go places , so i rarely interact with any tourists myself . 
  the people i have met here are usually germans . 
  do n't know why , but maybe they are not scared away by the whole silly `` immigrants are scary and places with lots of them are scary ! '', 
  news logic . 
  we both have to deal with the same thing by outside media looking in and being terrified by our foreigners . 
  * shrugs * or maybe it 's just a coincidence . 
  yeah , i heard he was , but i had n't heard the actual song before . 
  so , uh , thanks ? 
  guess he did n't actually get the spot , though ? 
  figure i would have heard if that was the case . 
  that said , there is something with him that just screams eurovision . 
  if there 's one place where he does n't feel out of place , it would probably be there . 
  among all of the other crazy acts . 
  [ another guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdahueou6cc ) . 
  i usually see him as more of a children 's entertainer so i often chalk up my disliking of him to me simply not being a kid . 
  apparently this was his first single , though , so i 'm not sure if `` children 's entertainer '' is an entirely fair assessment of him . 
  on the other hand , the comment section * is * filled with `` was 8 when the song released '' year olds who understand the lyrics now that they 've grown up a bit , so it seems they might still have been his audience with this song . 
  either way : he 's not exactly top echelon swedish entertainment . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z13qnzuqwui ) . 
  i have relatives in [ tegernsee ] ( http://www.bayregio-tegernsee.de/bilder/oben-tegernsee.jpg ) and have always found it astoundingly beautiful . 
  i love it there . 
  i also have incredibly fond memories of a little tuscan village i spent two weeks in once , but sadly i ca n't remember it 's name . 
  but i mean , tuscany on the whole is a beautiful region . 
  i 'm not sure if one city or town would beat out the one next to it . 
  even if i really liked what i saw during a short visit to florence . 
  that city is n't just sitting in breathtaking nature , but is marvelous in its own right as well . 
  it depends on context/who i 'm talking to . 
  on a base level i identify as being from my specific stockholm suburb , but if i talk with a swede from outside of stockholm they may not have heard of that one . 
  in those cases i usually go with the name of the overall municipality which is a lot more widely known . 
  non-swedes would n't recognize either , though , so i identify as a swede . 
  maybe a stockholmer , but only very rarely , since i do n't really identify as a stockholmer for various reasons . 
  in an international sense i identify as coming from scandinavia and/or `` norden '' ( the nordic countries ) , depending on the conversation . 
  and then finally , if i were to speak to non-europeans , i guess that i would identify more as a european than i do on a daily basis . 
  why would they be an exception ? 
  i studied sociology with a lot of somalis in university , and by and large have a positive impression of those i met . 
  one of them was the best study/paper partner i 've ever had . 
  so yeah : condemning `` even '' every somali is wrong . 
  and pakistanis ? 
  while i have n't had any personal experience with them , i do n't even know * why * you 'd posit them as a possible exception to my stance . 
  they really are n't on my `` bad guy radar '' and i absolutely do n't see a reason to somehow group them all together under judgement when i do n't do so with others . 
  i do n't have a driver 's licence so i do n't anticipate to find myself in this kind of situation , but i 'll suggest this : i would recommend you stop and make sure that there are n't any pedestrians around . 
  while you could probably rule out incoming cars while driving , pedestrians are a lot harder . 
  especially in swedish winter , and even more so if they do n't wear retroreflectors . 
  if you stop and make sure that no one else is around , then maybe you could cheat a little earlier after that if the light does n't turn right away . 
  but i do n't think it 's wise to just assume that you see everything . 
  the darkness can hide a lot of things and if those hidden pedestrians assume that you 'll stop because of the red light then things can quickly turn ugly . 
  basically , do n't * assume * things . 
  make sure . 
  the more i read up on carnival and the other christian traditions around it , the more we seem to be pretty much the opposite of all of that . 
  we do n't go out dancing or singing or whatever you do at a carnival . 
  probably because it 's waaaaay to cold to do anything of the sort over here . 
  instead we just wait until the last day before lent , when we * begin * to feast on [ these ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semla ) . 
  traditionally , anyway - but you can find them much earlier than that nowadays . 
  google and chrome . 
  i used to use firefox on pc , but chrome was the logical choice when i got a nexus phone . 
  when i got a new computer i figured it was best to use the same web browser for both and synchronize them . 
  not sure if i actually like chrome more than firefox , though . 
  the choice was made more out of convenience than necessity . 
  the images that conjures in my mind are all super cute . 
  disliking whole nationalities seems so weird to me . 
  there are several countries whose leadership i have varying levels of problems with , but i would n't think of condemning the whole population because of it . 
  * especially not * if the problem i have with the leadership is how they treat the population , which tends to be the case with countries from which we receive refugees . 
  disliking those refugees just seems ... backwards . 
  do people play games with other animals than dogs ? 
  i used to own a lot of cats ( not at the same time , but over a long time ) , and i ca n't really remember us playing any games . 
  they occasionally had toys , but i mostly threw them ( let 's say a toy mouse ) to the cats and they played with them themselves . 
  on rare occasions i used a sort of string-toy that i could hold onto in one end and the cat in the other , and we would both tug at it . 
  but they played a lot more among themselves than with me or other humans . 
  likewise , i have a hard time seeing people play much with rabbits or turtles or birds or whatever pets you might have besides a dog . 
  but i 've never had any of those , so maybe i 'm wrong . 
  huh . 
  do you tell tourists ? 
  because if i was out driving at night on a lonely road in northern finland and suddenly saw one of those , i would shit my pants so hard . 
  i 'm a firm believer in everything scientific , but those looks like ghost reindeer . 
  :d edit : that said , neat idea . 
  non-intrusive , but probably immensely helpful . 
  the fuck ? 
  i started learning english in third grade ( and i think today 's schoolchildren learn it even earlier ) . 
  i was also really into video games which taught me a lot , since they are basically never translated into swedish in any way . 
  other than that we have a lot of uk/us tv , none of which is dubbed . 
  and of course all of the music that you hear constantly . 
  in higher education a lot of study material is also in english . 
  yeah , i really like it . 
  i always used to go past one standing in stockholm , near a cinema i used to visit a lot as a kid . 
  [ non-violence ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-violence ) by carl fredrik reutersw\u00e4rd is in quite a few places all over the world . 
  ( i ca n't link to the english wikipedia page , but i 'll link to the swedish page and you can all go on to the english one from there , should you want to . ), 
  you are going to have * a lot * of zombies to outrun . 
  yup , or at least the southern half of the country . 
  a bit under half of our population live in or in close proximity to our three largest cities ( in the east , west and south ) . 
  then there 's a smattering of towns in between those , and finally a lot of empty space up north with people/communities very far apart . 
  state-enforced secularism sounds just as bad as state-enforced [ pick your religion ] . 
  that is not something i want to see happen , and i do n't think that restricting basic freedoms is the best ( or any ) way to promote science . 
  besides , even as a non-believer i quite like christmas and easter as well as some of the pagan traditions we still have in sweden . 
  those would have to go as well , unless the point is just to ban the religious practices and customs of `` others '' . 
  but basically : abolish religious freedom and what you have is tyranny , whatever your reasons may have been for doing so . 
  now i 'm just imagining fallout : norrland to basically just be ordinary norrland , except with the occasional glowing moose . 
  swedish winters are already a small apocalypse in and of themselves , i just do n't know if they would prepare me for what 's to come when the world ends or if the horror of having to endure even worse winters would push me over some kind of edge . 
  if it 's the latter i would definitely migrate south . 
  the threat of zombies does n't scare me nearly as much as the thought of colder and darker winters would . 
  might try my luck in bavaria or something .
