  this day we would discover that there was a pretty significant difference in our two groups ' adherence to rules , though . 
  for the past few weeks we had been training for our upcoming duty as royal guards . 
  we - all three platoons - were going to guard the castle in stockholm , starting that day . 
  we took that duty seriously . 
  some of the logistics guys , well ... 
  the two platoons of radio operators stood silently at attention , ordered to not look to the right where the officer on duty for the logistics platoon tore those guys to pieces . 
  i have never in my life heard anyone being yelled at as much as i did that day . 
  we all held our gazes firmly fixed on the wall in front of us , but we * heard * everything . 
  a significant group from that platoon had gotten blind drunk sunday ( going into monday ) night , and could barely stand . 
  much less at attention or , really , in * any * respectable way . 
  we were supposed to handle live ammunition , to keep a national landmark safe , and to represent our country for everyone to see . 
  that was a tough job sober . 
  blind drunk ? 
  i honestly do n't know what they did , only that what they did somehow worked . 
  i did n't notice any interruption in the schedule as a consequence of this , which is rather astonishing . 
  the sober guys in that platoon probably pulled off one heroic deed or another . 
  that no one was kicked out of the military is also rather amazing , but if there is one lesson that i am 100 % positive that anyone has ever learned , it 's the one taught to those guys that monday morning . 
  plus side : our platoon looked fantastic in comparison . 
  i 've only ever visited rome during a day trip so i do n't claim to hold any deeper knowledge of the city , but what i saw really did n't disappoint . 
  the only thing that i personally would n't do is wait in the long lines to certain sights . 
  i guess it 's a personal preference how long you are willing to wait to see stuff , but i really do n't like it . 
  there 's also so much to see that you do n't have to wait for . 
  but i 'm not saying that the coliseum or what have you is n't worth the wait if you are up for it . 
  i just really do n't like spending a lot of time standing about in sweltering heat , waiting to see stuff . 
  i much rather walk/drive around and see as much as i can of everything else . 
  at the end of the day i do n't think i 've ever felt disappointed in italy . 
  i 've been there four times perhaps , visiting different parts of the country . 
  it 's a fantastic place to visit . 
  it really should be overrated seeing how everyone always gushes on and on about it . . but it 's not . 
  it really is that beautiful . 
  what 's the pineapple museum ? 
  just a museum about pineapples ? 
  unless they are way more interesting than i give them credit for , i assume not ? 
  i 've never understood the fascination some americans have with oktoberfest . 
  having been to a `` waldfest '' when i was visiting relatives in tegernsee a few years ago - a marvelous experience - the perception some americans seem to have of oktoberfest just seems so ... shallow . 
  booze and lederhosen ? 
  that in itself does n't interest me in the least , even if i did enjoy the beer and the traditional attires when i was there . 
  but it was the intimate camaraderie that i fell in love with . 
  the great food and the many laughs . 
  to reduce it all to a costumed beer party seems so reductive . 
  assuming that oktoberfest is n't * radically * different from the waldfest i visited , of course . 
  i think rafa means that , since the only guy calling for a nexit is calling for a referendum , that 's probably what it 'll take . 
  i ca n't imagine such a decision without a referendum . 
  i ca n't imagine it * with * a referendum either , but i guess that 's another question . 
  if they came from somewhere else , should n't they be citizens of that country ? 
  i find it a bit odd that they 've ended up in such a weird situation ( assuming i understand you correctly ) . 
  and what happens with their children , if those are born in estonia ? 
  are they estonian citizens ? 
  is there a specific reason for people wanting a speed limit ? 
  i mean , i get the general safety aspect of a speed limit , but my experience ( admittedly , only occasionally and always as a tourist ) of the autobahn is that it still works fine without one . 
  there were some people who really burned rubber , but generally traffic felt more or less as safe as on any other road . 
  just a bit faster . 
  my impression has never been that the lack of a speed limit has lead to a lot more accidents , so it does n't seem to be as pressing an issue as american gun control is . 
  dammit , i ca n't see the questions as i answer on my phone , so i 'll just answer in general . 
  i think we 're pretty good at it . 
  we could do more , but many countries who pollute more than us could also do more , so i do n't really feel that it 's on us . 
  climate change denial is ... i just do n't get it . 
  the scientific illiteracy needed to come to that conclusion is just staggering . 
  there is no one here who denies it , even if people sometimes have different ideas about how to solve the problem . 
  i used to put all of my garbage in different bags and throw them in their respective garbage bins , but since my landlord basically went `` eh , too expensive '' we only have a single type of bin where everything goes nowadays . 
  it sounds like it would at least make things easier - throwing everything in the same place - but since i 'm sort of hardwired to put stuff in different bags i just find it annoying . 
  it 's also makes throwing away big things ( like my tv that just went belly up ) pretty infuriating , since i do n't actually have anywhere to throw it nearby . 
  i also do n't have a car , so i have to enlist help to do something that was really simple before . 
  i 've seen too many `` he 's mentally ill in one way or another ! '', 
  articles to really take anyone seriously without substantial evidence to back their claims up . 
  but * if * it 's true then that is such an immense failure of not just the political system , but of * everyone * around him who then have all seemingly prioritized power over the wellbeing of both the man himself and the nation he governs . 
  i think it could get really messy if that 's the case . 
  i do n't really care . 
  i 've known several people who have been religious to various degrees and we 've mostly gotten along marvelously despite that difference between us . 
  it 's not really an issue unless someone makes it one . 
  no one i 've known has done so , so i have n't had any problems ( even if some christians occasionally come knocking , which can get slightly annoying ) . 
  but the more hardcore you are in your beliefs , the more i 'm aware that at some level the way we see the world is fundamentally different . 
  that 's an interesting thing to be aware of . 
  certainly not uncommon , but far less common than i think ( some ) outsiders believe it is . 
  i am neither , for example . 
  i also do n't think i know anyone currently who fits that description . 
  huh , what a fascinating character . 
   i 'd never heard of him before . 
  excellent choice !, 
  astrid lindgren 's characters are magnificent . 
  a whole bunch of them . 
  and bamse for knug if not . 
  i have n't ( as a fat person ) experienced too much overt fat shaming . 
  when it happens it 's usually drunkards who somehow deem it appropriate to comment . 
  that said , there 's a lot of constant subtle shaming going on . 
  things that are n't shouted at you in the streets but that sort of just seep into you as you go about life . 
  you have to find a way to accept yourself on your own , because you are never really taught that by others . 
  i mean , sure , if you are so fat that you are having health problems then acceptance is perhaps not the optimal way to go , but it 's perfectly possible to be `` fat '' by society 's standards without that causing any problems , and * that * should be a lot more accepted than it is today . 
  i wrote a much longer answer to a similar question just a short while ago , so i wo n't repeat myself here . 
  but yeah , just my two cents . 
  the same can be said of several generations of swedes . 
  i. . . might have a new favorite video on youtube . 
  that 's totally how i would introduce myself if i was something even close to a scientist . 
  would you really ever build anything but the largest hadron collider if you actually put your mind to it ? 
  just building a `` very large '' one seems so...un-american . 
  :d on a more serious note , i certainly would n't mind europe building a bigger one , but i 'd be equally happy with maybe asia or south america building one . 
  i do n't * really * see a need for several lhcs in europe and it would be a shame to scrap the old one for a new one . 
  better that another continent steps up to the challenge then . 
  scientists can always cooperate across borders anyway . 
  our minds go to very different things , i see .
