  really smart and passionate people . 
  when i got a bit older but was still in school i also got a bunch of turkish school mates . 
  still to this day ( 10 + years after we graduated ) get some valuable perspective on stuff that happens in turkey thanks to at least one friend i still keep in touch with on facebook . 
  so i have a hard time seeing what people are saying when they are scared of arabs/middle easterners/muslims , because my experience with them has been rather wonderful . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't practices over there that i do n't agree with - there are a lot of them - but i know for a fact that people from the region can integrate well and hold swedish values as their own . 
  i respect people reclaiming slurs and stuff like that , but i would have a very hard time using it even if i knew someone i was speaking to or of was okay with it . 
  it was a really bad word when i grew up . 
   franzmann so that 's an insult in german ? 
  `` fransm\u00e4n '' is just how we refer to french people in swedish . 
  yeah , we do have the same expression in swedish , but coming up with danish jabs is too much fun just to give up simply because it might indicate some kind of - * shudders * - brotherly love . 
  finnish has some of the best expressions i know . 
  whenever a similar question is asked , you always learn some new one that is just majestic . 
  who was esther ? 
  the moomin one is really cute as well . 
  i feel like we have something similar , but i ca n't remember what it is exactly . 
  hahaha , i remember first hearing about that when some us media picked up the phrase and went all `` whuuut ? '' . 
  well , except for the ones who went `` makes perfect sense . '', 
  oh man , i love that one . 
   \u041a\u0443\u043f\u0438\u0442\u0438 \u043c\u0430\u0447\u043a\u0443 \u0443 \u045f\u0430\u043a\u0443 '' - '' buy a cat in sack '' , buying things without previously inspecting them interesting !, 
  we have `` k\u00f6pa grisen i s\u00e4cken '' , which means `` buying the pig in the sack '' . 
  apparently the saying comes from sneaky people in the middle ages selling cats ( or rats ) in sacks while claiming they were piglets . 
  kinda fun to see your expression being about what was actually in the sack and ours being about what people thought was there . 
  i do n't think you should act intentionally ignorant . 
  that just lessening yourself . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be both informed about something and unwilling to talk about it at length , and i think that 's the best stance to take . 
  hopefully people back off when you say that you do n't want to talk about something . 
  it 's certainly a boundary that * should * be respected . 
  i see what you 're saying and it 's not a phrase that i think i 've ever seen used in sweden , but i * have * seen a lot of dutch people here referring to ( i think ) indonesians as a model minority in the netherlands . 
  so it does exist to at least some degree in europe . 
  the rest of your comment is pretty spot-on , though . 
  not really . 
  you mostly hear about other countries when 1 ) there 's an election , 2 ) something bad happens ( be it a terrorist attack , an accident or for example a flooding ) , or 3 ) something significantly happens politically , good or bad . 
  germany * finally * legalizing same sex marriage was a news story , and russia struggling on that front has been news as well . 
  but unless something exceptional like the examples above happens , we do n't really get daily news from any other country . 
   like , remember that scene from matrix movie , where neo is shot at by the agents and the bullets slow down and stop in the air ? 
  he picks one , looks at it and it 's written `` made in estonia '' on the bullet . 
  my god , that 's a beautiful , wonderful joke . 
  danskj\u00e4vlar is the one that comes to mind - danish devils . 
  when i grew up in the 90 's `` svartskalle '' was a rather common slur as well . 
  it means `` black head '' and while it can refer to black people i mostly saw it directed at southern european/black-haired non-nordic people . 
  it was a long time since i saw someone use it , though . 
  good riddance , i say . 
  unlike the jab at the danes - which is all in good fun - `` svartskalle '' was an actual real slur used by proper assholes . 
  haha . 
  we have basically the same word for danes : * danskj\u00e4vlar * , meaning danish devils . 
  you can have `` svensk '' as a surname , meaning `` swedish '' , but i struggle to come up with any more examples than that . 
  i went to berlin with my german class . 
  we had a small exchange where we stayed for a week with the students in their english class , and then they came over and stayed with us for a week . 
  the only thing i remember going to while there was a concentration camp outside of berlin . 
  i do n't remember the name of it , but a quick google search says it ought to be sachsenhausen . 
  i also went to brussels in belgium with my ... well , a class that taught political stuff . 
  so we went there to learn about the eu , since the eu parliament is there . 
  when we actually went to the parliament an employee there stole my wallet , which led to me spending the day answering police questions and filling in paper works instead of actually going around learning the stuff that the entire trip was about . 
  got everything back okay later in the day , though . 
  turned out stealing something at the eu parliament security check-in was a very bad idea . 
  who knew ? 
  i ca n't imagine many places in the world having more cameras pointing at you than there . 
  i ca n't imagine a young person in sweden who do n't know english . 
  maybe not brilliant , wonderful and perfect english , but fairly good english nonetheless . 
  the education starts * so * early and english is * so * prevalent in society that it is basically impossible to not pick up . 
  same here . 
  i thought it was a thing of the past , but every once in a while it comes back again . 
  the funniest example was when my dad asked a band he 'd just discovered during a show they 'd played while he was on vacation somewhere abroad , if they had any plans on coming to sweden . 
  `` yeah , we 're doing a gig there next week ! '', 
  when he came home to sweden he immediately started looking for tickets but could n't find any . 
  it took quite a while until he realized that they were actually playing in bern the following week . 
  what an absolutely glorious map . 
  that is glorious . 
  had totally forgotten about him . 
  my dad used to buy them all the time when i was a kid . 
  ca n't speak for finland , but i used to see a lot of marvel comics when i was a kid in the 90 's . 
  not as much dc stuff - batman , but that was it - but i remember having a subscription for spider-man , x-men and a comic book that collected the best stories regardless of characters ( meaning it could be hulk one month and wolverine the next , and then thor the month after that ) . 
  i also read a lot of image comics , like spawn and witchblade . 
  it disappeared as i got older , though , and nowadays i rarely see any comics in general stores anymore . 
  a shame , because i really liked reading them as a kid . 
  but maybe kids read them digitally today ? 
  i know i would . 
  she 's wonderful and i love her , but i actually think that [ bamse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bamse ) would be a better answer here . 
  they represent two very different role models , even if they might appear pretty similar since they are both very strong . 
  but bamse is basically what happens if you mix pippi l\u00e5ngstrump with winnie the pooh , which is about as wholesome as you 'd expect from that description . 
  hahaha , wtf ? 
  hilarious , but probably for the totally opposite reason than what was intended ... 
  is d\u00f6ner iconic for germany ? 
  it looks just like kebab everywhere to me . 
  on the other hand , i think that kebab pizza is pretty iconic for sweden , so maybe i should n't be too harsh regarding what you pick . 
  i would n't be too surprised to find places like that in rural sweden either . 
  i just do n't have any personal experience living there . 
  that food stereotype is rather strange . 
  yeah , marmite 's shit and you seemed to have a weird affinity for salt and vinegar crisps when i was there as a kid , but other than that i had nothing to complain about . 
  perhaps nothing too remarkable , but certainly nothing that would help me understand the origins of the stereotype . 
  seems like a pretty chill place . 
  although i just binge watched five seasons of hawaii 5-0 , so you do seem to have an ungodly concentration of human trafficking drug lords with surprisingly personal vendettas against most members of the somehow above-the-law law enforcement . 
   that show is fucking gorgeous , though . 
  it 's probably better marketing for hawaii than most actual marketing for hawaii . 
  i do like that hawaii seems to be just as much of a melting pot as the rest of the us , but with different cultural ingredients from those found on the mainland . 
  it seems like a really interesting blend of cultures . 
  i have n't been to any especially remote places in sweden , but since i 'm half-finnish and my family used to own a house in finland in a rather remote area i hope that counts . 
  it was the type of house that kind of missed that the 20th century with all of its glorious innovations happened , so the heating came from a fireplace and if you needed to take a shit you had to go to an outhouse across the yard and swat off mosquitos as you sat there . 
  we had a neighbor on a hill across the road , but besides them there was a couple of miles until you ran into other people ( let alone a city ) . 
  i 'm half-german , half-finnish , so i 've got relatives in those countries .
