  i 've been stuck with my nose in a john ajvide lindqvist short story collection for the past week , but just finished it . 
  so , uh , i do n't know . 
  reading it did reignite my love for reading , though , so i might just pick up another book . 
  i 'm currently eying `` doctor sleep '' by stephen king . 
  i 've had it in my collection for years , but never read it . 
  i * do * love king , so we 'll see about that . 
  i have another collection of swedish fantasy short stories that i also have yet to finish , so i 'll probably pick up one or the other . 
  other than that i do n't have any direct plans . 
  might see if my dad want to go out to eat , like we 've talked about for a while but never gotten our butts up to do . 
  i do n't know if there are any serious resentments going on , except from people who sort of live and breathe to hate people ( neo-nazis and so on ) . 
  since we have n't been in a war for two centuries we 're pretty chill with most people . 
  ca n't really hold a grudge against russia for them taking finland in the early 19th century . 
  the nordic feuding is just sibling rivalry , and the banter between different regions of sweden is n't any more serious either . 
  this is my favorite type of swedish swearing . 
  you can get * really * creative . 
  back in the day , people had a habit of thinking that if you spoke * about * the devil ( or other monsters ) directly , they would appear . 
  ( i would guess that 's where the `` speaking of the devil '' saying comes from . ), 
  as such , they would create new terms for the same being , so that they could speak of it without invoking it . 
  then it sort of snowballs from there as more and more expressions are formed for the same thing . 
  you can see it in other places in swedish as well . 
  we have ( had ) a shit ton of words for `` wolf '' as well , since that is something people were scared of in the past . 
  in fact , our current word for wolf ( `` varg '' ) is not the original word we had for the animal , but one of those `` dance around the true name '' words . 
  the original word ( `` ulv '' ) is n't really used anymore , except for in `` varulv '' ( werewolf ) . 
  just some random knowledge/context for ya !, 
  27 degrees ? 
  how do you survive ? 
  i assume it 's because of the sun heating up your home and not because it 's `` set '' at that temperature ? 
  i 'm not sure if we have such a strict separation of pupils , but there is some after a while . 
  first there are nine years where everyone is together . 
  after that you can drop out if you want to and feel happy not having a job in the future . 
  for everyone else there are three more years , but here you can choose a path . 
  me , i went down the `` societal stuff '' path . 
  it can be a bit difficult to explain since it 's pretty broad , but i ended up studying sociology later in university which should give an indication of this path . 
  other paths focuses more on nature stuff ( biology , physics etc ) , computer stuff and technical stuff . 
  there are also paths for music or sports , if you are so inclined . 
  probably even more , if you want to specialize even more . 
  and from there on there 's university , plus some re-education centers ( which my sci fi damaged brain translates as `` fascist indoctrination centers '' when i see the term in english , but it 's nothing of the sort :p ) . 
  my grandfather ( a swede ) and my grandmother ( ethnically german , but living outside of germany since the borders had been redrawn post-ww1 ) had very different stories about the russian forces . 
  which is a bit odd , since it was my grandmother who told me my grandfather 's stories ( he died when i was a baby ) . 
  but he could end up playing cards with them , since he was an ambulance driver for the red cross and therefore not an enemy to them . 
  my grandmother 's own recollection of the red army was very different . 
  i 'm however not sure if her family had to flee to germany ( or sweden , in her case ) because of the red army , or if they just hid from them and were later chased away by their non-german neighbors . 
  either way , her stories did n't exactly paint russians in the best of lights . 
  it was a long time since i heard them since she passed away many years ago , but i remember vague fragments of a very scary time . 
  maybe i 'm missing some sarcasm here , but is n't not murdering children for something so ridiculously innocent kind of a low bar to set when calculating people 's generosity ? 
  maybe i 'm missing some sarcasm here , but is n't not murdering children for something so ridiculously innocent kind of a low bar to set when calculating people 's generosity ? 
  now i really need to 1 ) learn spanish , and 2 ) really tick off a spaniard oh so fiercely . 
  i want to see that irreverent anger in action !, 
  with all of the norwegians around us , we 've never really had to be for a good time . 
  their bumbling ways always provide plenty of laughs on their own . 
  you have some seriously funny people . 
  dara o'briain has been a favorite comedian of mine for years , while aisling bea is a more recent comedy crush i have . 
  how come vietnamese people are such a big minority group in czechia ? 
  we do ? 
  i kind of recognize the siesta one ( sorry !, 
  ) , but the other ones ? 
  in my experience , the stereotypes we have of you are more in how you are different from us : we are quiet , so you are ( comparatively ) loud ; we are reserved , you ( again , comparatively ) outgoing . 
  sidenote : do you even * have * donkeys ? 
  i 've always thought of them as more of an american ( in the continental sense of the word ) animal . 
  it really depends . 
  if i 'm feeling well , sure . 
  either i can enlist the help of someone i know or i can take a cab . 
  if i 'm in pain , however , i 'm not leaving the apartment ; i have trouble navigating * in * the apartment . 
  so after a low , i need some time for my feet to get well enough for me to be able to use them . 
  i 'm slowly getting there , but it takes some time . 
  i was n't aware of estonia wanting into nordics as much before i joined reddit/askeurope . 
   i mean that both jokingly and more seriously . 
  the serious aspect of it is that i 've learned a lot about estonia and , especially , their relationship with finland . 
  as a half-finnish swede , that 's been really interesting since i was n't aware of that relationship before . 
  putting aside the whole `` into nordics '' of it all , i also feel like i 've gotten to know estonia ( in particular , and the other baltic nations to a lesser extent ) better than i had before , which is pretty cool as well . 
  on a more general note , it 's been pretty informative to hear from people in eastern europe . 
  it adds perspective to things . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , that bit about struggling with people not seeing one 's disability is something i 've noticed too . 
  for me , people only see me when i 'm feeling basically at the top of my game , which is when i can actually get out and go to the doctor or whoever . 
  my family might occasionally see me when i 'm worse , if i ask them to shop groceries or something when i ca n't , but government officials etc only ever see me at my very best . 
  it makes it kind of hard to explain that the vast majority of days are significantly worse . 
  one thing i 've found fascinating about the uk , though , is the show the last leg . 
  it feels a bit weird as a non-brit to explain to a brit what a british show is , but just in case you have n't seen it : it 's a talk show hosted by three people , two of whom have various disabilities . 
  it 's not exclusively about disabilities - they discuss a wide variety of topics - but it 's a thing that comes up every now and again . 
  i found it really interesting . 
  i watched the latest episode ( a few weeks ago ) on youtube and was immediately hooked . 
  not only is it really funny , but i identified a lot with their discussions about disabilities and the troubles they faced . 
  i 've never seen anything like it , in sweden or elsewhere . 
  i found the sheer existence of such a show really cool , and i think they 're four seasons in , so apparently it 's going rather well . 
  it felt pretty heart-warming , in a way . 
  during my last doctor 's appointment i was referred to a. . . i do n't really know what to call it , but a place where you go to have your need for `` help items '' examined/supplied . 
  problem is , my last doctor 's appointment proved to be a bit too much for my feet to handle ( which feels incredibly ironic , in a way ) , so i 've been pretty much knocked out since then . 
  i 'm slowly getting better , though , so hopefully i 'll get there and get something to help me get around better . 
  need to get there first . 
  right now that 's a pretty big hurdle , since i 've barely been out of the apartment for quite a while . 
  when i 've worked up some strength again i 'll try to get there and then we 'll see . 
  well . 
  i ca n't speak for people in general , but i find myself in a weird situation since i ca n't walk properly , but at the same time is n't paraplegic . 
  it would probably be a little easier if my feet/legs just straight up never worked , but how much i can walk any given day swings wildly between `` to the store nearby/other simple errands '' and `` walking ? 
  really ? 
  lol no '' . 
  the problem is that this does n't qualify me for disability benefits , since i technically am '' fit to work '' ( neither my butt or my fingers are busted , so i could potentially sit in an office and type in front of a computer screen ) . 
  i just ca n't * get * to work , but that 's a problem that no one i 've met really cares to much about .
