  italy 's a great place too . 
  and i 've always wanted to visit spain . 
  * cough * 23.1 / km ^ 2 * cough * norway and finland 's numbers are even lower than that , so it varies quite a lot within europe as well . 
  that they 're americans . 
  the `` african american '' label has always seemed really weird to me . 
  by and large , they 're not african . 
  slavery was a long time ago , so it seems so odd to constantly refer to black americans as `` the americans we brought over from africa '' . 
  surely they 've earned the `` just american unless they actually come from somewhere else '' label by now ? 
  even if you really want to emphasize their blackness for some reason , i feel like `` black '' would do a better job than `` african '' . 
  i have a lot of problems with american racial categories in general , but that 's a different topic for another day . 
  in terms of what i think of african americans themselves , well , i think that they can competently do pretty much everything that white americans can do . 
  great music , great comedy , great acting , a president who , whatever you think of him , is vastly superior to the white guys who came both before and after him . 
  there 's so much drinking going on during our own holidays , i really do n't think we need to import anything else to drink to . 
   better i do n't think we 're inherently better than eastern europeans , but not being under the yoke of the soviet union certainly gave many western european countries a boost in many ways . 
  that says a lot more about the soviet union than it does of eastern europe , though . 
   more civilized what ? 
  the concept of people being more or less civilized is inherently flawed and i do n't think in those terms , but even if i were to do so eastern europeans are hardly barbarians living in huts in the jungle . 
   more priviliged again , we did not suffer under the soviet union . 
  that allowed us to build up our economy and society in peace after ww2 . 
  although , coming from sweden , i see us as more privileged than pretty much all of europe after ww2 , since we were n't ravaged by the war and did n't have to rebuild anything . 
  hm , that play on words makes perfect sense now that you mention it . 
  it was originally created to remind people not to say anything that could harm sweden during the second world war . 
  not sure if this is what you 're asking for , but the swedish military used '' [ a swedish tiger ] ( http://www.arkivochlarande.se/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/en_svensk_tiger_svg.png ) '' as their symbol . 
  side note : the symbol were at the center of a very lengthy court case between the creator 's estate and our military over the rights to it . 
  i 'm way too tired to really dig into the legal stuff , but i think the military ultimately lost the case . 
  so it 's not a currently used symbol , but rather a historic one . 
  i missed paying a bill , which led to my internet going down at the end of last year . 
   but in terms of the internet just going down randomly for any length of time , that 's very rare . 
  i do however get these weird micro outages from time to time , usually in my phone . 
  the connection just dies for a little while . 
  never used to have any problems like that until this past year , but it 's not severe enough for me to muster the energy to troubleshoot further than i 've already done . 
  i really prefer our current anthem . 
  i love how it 's all about nordic unity rather than something that focuses more on our own glory . 
  that said , if we were to change it , the one theme that would be appropriate is us fighting with danes . 
  i 'm not sure that there has been any two countries that have fought each other more than we have . 
  both of our respective foreign policies for hundreds and hundreds of years was basically `` fight sweden/denmark '' . 
  so i present [ svenska liljor ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxm7kqnw_fc ) by stefan andersson as my candidate . 
  it gives me goosebumps every time i hear it . 
  now i 'm just going to spend the entire night imagining how `` gud r\u00e4dda knugen ! '', 
  would sound . 
  i actually had that sausage for dinner today . 
  sadly i did n't have everything to do the oven-baked version , so i had to settle for just frying it up in my pan . 
  still tasted amazing , though . 
  it 's simple food , for sure , but still quite yummy . 
  i do n't identify as a eu member in any capacity on a personal level . 
  it 's kind of like asking if i identified as a un member : countries are members , not individuals . 
  even if individuals do reap some benefits from their countries being members of the eu . 
  that said , i 'm very pro eu . 
  there are some problems , sure , but overall i think it 's a really positive thing to have this kind of cooperation with and co-dependence on each other . 
  speaking with one voice when it comes to trading and stuff is also a huge plus . 
  i do n't foresee any major shifts in the near future , if for no other reason that people do n't know how brexit will eventually turn out for the uk . 
  if people do n't wait at least long enough to judge the consequences of the uk 's exit , they 're morons who should n't be trusted with such decisions . 
  does n't matter if they 're voters or politicians . 
  i try my best to not have a singular opinion on `` africans '' , just like i try to not group every asian together and dislike how some people group every european together . 
  how i feel for different african people vary greatly . 
  some countries i know fairly much about , like egypt and south africa ; others , like chad and burkina faso , i know basically nothing about . 
  the biggest group of africans living in sweden ( at least in my experience ) are somalians , so i 've met a few of them . 
  nice bunch , overall . 
  most of them i met in university , so i respect their dedication to education as well . 
  had a swedish-somalian classmate who was very different from me yet equally ambitious , which worked out lovely for our paper since we comfortably took on different tasks involved in writing and researching it . 
  i 'm so used to having classmates holding me back , having one who actually elevated the paper was remarkably refreshing . 
  i also have some very tangential ties to south africa through friends : one of my dad 's best friends and his family used to live there and tell us about how it was when they came back to sweden ; and i used to have a south african acquaintance on a poetry forum with whom i spoke pretty intensely for a while . 
  it all made me pretty interested in the country , so i 've studied its history and followed what happens there ( at least casually ) . 
  you get a ton of perks as part of a `` student card '' that you get ... somehow . 
  i 'm not sure how , exactly , since the system have changed a little since i went to school . 
  i went to their homepage and it seems they send out the card free to anyone studying at university level and the one level below ( high school ? 
  i hate trying to translate school stuff ) . 
  anyway , they work with a lot of different businesses , so you get discounts or offers on stuff like banking , mobiles , home electronics , clothes and travel . 
  among many others . 
  i rarely found too many of them useful , but getting the occasional discount on home-delivered pizza was pretty sweet . 
  student prices when it comes to public transport ( a phenomenal perk ) is a largely separate thing , but i think you use the card to prove you 're a student . 
  dessert : [ semla ] ( https://sweden.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/semla.jpg ) . 
  it 's a cardamon-flavored bun , which you first slice in two and then make a little hole in . 
  you fill that hole with almond paste , then you add some whipped cream and put the top back on , before sprinkling some powdered sugar on top . 
  seasonal sweet eaten during the beginning of the year ( traditionally shrove tuesday and onward ) . 
  it 's a sort of sausage that you fill with cheese and some sauce ( my dad usually use chili sauce ) and then throw in the oven for a while . 
  it can then be eaten with a variety of things . 
  i * love * this . 
  i 'll also add a cold non-dessert dish , since we eat a lot of those in sweden : [ shrimp sandwich ] ( http://allagodating.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/img_2593.jpg ) . 
  probably anything outside of the bigger cities ( except for the north of sweden , which is still quite popular despite being much smaller in scale than stockholm or gothenburg ) . 
  i suspect the same can be said for most countries . 
  in sweden , as in many other places i 've visited , the true jewels are often found outside of the large cities . 
  the large cities are still often wonderful in many ways - i love both stockholm and gothenburg for different reasons - but there is a certain charm with smaller communities . 
  it was a long time ago for me , so i am a little fuzzy on the details of it all . 
  but i do think that it was mainly a biology class thing , even if it sometimes bled over into other classes when the need arose . 
  i think it started when we were maybe 12 or 13 ? 
  i have memories both of stuff being taught both to boys and girls separately , and with everyone together . 
  it covered a lot of heterosexual sexy stuff , but when i spoke with a friend of mine last year about what we remembered from sex ed , i discovered just how little we spoke of anything relating to lgbt . 
  nothing about how lesbians could practice safe sex , for example . 
  it just was n't on the radar at all . 
  not in a homophobic way , but just ... complete , thoughtless omission . 
  that has hopefully - probably - changed since i was in school ( almost 20 years ago ) . 
  how does it do that ? 
  i 've heard that argument when it comes to not educating about specific sexy stuffs ( such as things relating to lgbt ) , but never against sex ed as a whole . 
  on the other hand , i do n't know if i 've actually heard an argument against sex ed as a whole , even if russia 's hardly alone in taking that approach . 
  i feel like the grouping of everything below the us as `` latin america '' ( and everyone coming from there as `` latinos '' ) is a very american thing to do . 
  those terms does n't feel as relevant in sweden . 
  if someone from latin america comes here , they 'd probably be thought of more as cuban/argentinian/etc . 
  i had a chilean friend in school , and i ca n't think of a single time when i thought of him as `` latino '' . 
  he was chilean , and maybe a spanish-speaker .
