  let 's just say that it ties into the whole immigration crisis . 
  those kinds of subjects . 
  edit : i took your first question to be if those parties were in the alliance i spoke of . 
  if you wondered if they came along with the moderates when they veered further right ... well ... that 's a bit complicated as well . 
  which , again , is n't good for my hand . 
  but out of the four parties in the alliance , the center party has certainly held it 's earlier principles the tightest . 
  somehow their numbers soar in the polls , while the others ' drop rather dramatically . 
  they try to keep some level of impartiality in terms of evaluating situations ( `` was that honestly a penalty , yes or no ? '', 
  etc ) , but when it comes to expressing who they cheer for they are wildly swedish . 
  impartiality is more of a thing either when different swedish clubs play each other , or when non-swedish teams play each other in the world or euro championship . 
  but even there i 'm okay with them being partial to the other nordic countries , for example . 
  well ... [ i mean ] ( https://ramlosa.se/produkter ) ... it 's [ not just hungarians ] ( http://loka.nu/vara-drycker/ ) . 
   and why would n't you be ? 
  sparkling water is amazing . 
  basically soda without all of the sugar . 
  more or less , yeah . 
  on the one hand i can get why they chose to go further right in order to gain votes from people on that side of the political spectrum , but on the other they lose voters who might be on the fence in the middle . 
  like me . 
  under reinfeldt i really had to think about what side i wanted to win , and since i 'm not a fan these last few years it 's entirely possible that i would have switched sides . 
  but a vote for them is not even a remote option nowadays , given their rightwing drift since the last election . 
  the center party is in a coalition with three other parties on the right side of the political spectrum , and until that coalition disbands i do n't see either party working with anyone on the left . 
  that led to a bunch of problems after the last election . 
  we 'll see how things turns out this time . 
  the center party will certainly have a lot more weight this time around . 
  i just do n't know what that 'll mean . 
  i just hope that everyone can work together , because they could n't last time and it nearly ended up in a snap election . 
  i drink tap water . 
  sometimes i run it through a soda streamer , but it 's still very much tap water . 
  just with bubbles . 
  oh , i forgot about her . 
  but i fully agree . 
  i had ( and still have ) a great deal of respect for fredrik reinfeldt , who led the rightwing party * moderaterna * during their eight-year stint in power before they got booted out in the last election . 
  i have lost a lot of that respect under the party 's new leadership . 
  not for him , but for * moderaterna * . 
  my hand is all busted up , so i ca n't type a full rundown of swedish curses . 
  i 'll just leave * danskj\u00e4vel * ( if you meet a lone dane ) and * danskj\u00e4vlar * ( for a group of them ) . 
  it 's really all you need to know anyway . 
  when you 're done shouting at them , do show them [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yltuky9fv9y ) to cap it all of . 
  a lot of places have already been mentioned , but i 'll throw the everglades and the giant redwood trees into the mix . 
  i 'm not sure if people can name a specific park or place where those trees are , but i think that they are pretty iconic for the us nonetheless . 
  with the everglades , i 'm not sure if people know the actual name `` everglades '' , but i do think that they know about the florida swamps in a more general sense . 
  yeah , i felt the same with the first boar . 
  suddenly i just found myself in the presence of a massive wild animal , with nowhere to go . 
  not the calmest feeling in the world . 
  oh no , i stumbled upon an adult boar in a park one night , before meeting a group of piglets with their mom a few days later , so i sat tight in the car and watched them from there . 
  that adult boar was * big * . 
  would n't want to mess with an angry mama . 
  yeah , they 're not the most aggressive animal , but they are huge and rather imposing . 
  yeah , i was walking around in a park in berlin one night and was surprised by one . 
  really big fella . 
  fortunately he seemed pretty used to people so i did n't accidentally scare him . 
  that would probably have been bad . 
  illuminating . 
  thanks !, 
  have a look at it now . 
  it came from one of our tv channels ' youtube channels , but i guess they locked it down to sweden only . 
  i found the clip uploaded by someone else , though , so hopefully it works now . 
  now i 'm even more confused . 
  is it just the stockholm region that does n't have boar ? 
  i 've been out in the wilds to see most animals around here , but i 've never seen a boar . 
  i 'm not saying they 're not dangerous if you ever happen to meet one , just that you are really , really unlikely to ever meet one . 
  especially if you do n't go out of your way to go camping in bear land . 
  there are less than 3000 bears in sweden and they all live in the remotest parts of the country . 
  if you live in the south ( or central ) of sweden and you go out camping , you have nothing to be afraid of unless you 're allergic to , i do n't know , bees or something . 
  when i was younger i used to really cringe when i heard old swedish politicians speak english . 
  it was so embarrasing . 
  they could speak fine english in terms of vocabulary and grammar , but did n't seem to give a shit about mimicking english pronunciation . 
  instead they would just say everything as if they were swedish words , which was horrible to listen to . 
  it 's a lot better nowadays , though , especially among young people . 
  edit : not really the `` old swedish politician english '' i was looking for , but [ close enough ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngkc642quvs ) . 
  edit 2 : i hopefully fixed the link . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  i once had to cross a field full of cows , and they are scary big . 
  getting attacked by one of them , for whatever reason , would be really , really bad . 
  huh , i 'll have to take your and u/hylekoret 's word for it , but it seems plausible given how they live both in norway and germany . 
  but it still seems weird . 
  i feel like i should have heard of boars if we have them . 
  granted , they are n't predators and are therefor not part of the `` big four swedish predators '' list that you learn about in school - but still !, 
  boars !, 
  they are cool , and ( when they are little tiny piglets ) really cute !, 
  we gave it our best shot back in the day . 
  turns out that when you do n't have any population to speak of , waging a lot of the necessary wars gets very difficult very quickly . 
  even as things have mellowed out a bit and you maybe do n't have to conquer the world militarily to become a superpower , you still need a lot of people to be a top tier competitor in various fields . 
  you want to lead when it comes to science ? 
  you better have all of the best scientists . 
  and so on . 
  but i do n't mind . 
  my grandfathers were both swedes , while my grandmothers came from finland and germany , respectively . 
  i never had any contact with my grandfathers or their sides of their families , so i basically consider myself an immigrant . 
  either second generation ( since my mother was also born in finland ) or third ( since my father was born in sweden ) . 
  either way , i do n't have terribly strong family bonds to sweden . 
  i technically * might have * , i guess , but they have never been a part of my life . 
  well , being your neighbor , that list pretty much sums up sweden as well . 
  there are just a couple of differences : * i did n't know what greater weever was and had to look up if they exist in swedish waters . 
  they seem to be rare , but there . 
  * i 'm a little surprised that you have boar because i 've never heard of us having them . 
  i saw a lot of them when i was in germany , but it seems odd that we are boar-less if you two both have them . 
  * we do have lynx . 
  then let me calm your fears a bit ( at least when it comes to sweden ) : we 're the third biggest country in the eu by area - 173,860 miles ^ 2 - and we have less than 3000 bears . 
  that alone would make it basically impossible to come into contact with a bear by accident .
