  i would have pegged them as more dangerous than cows , but on the other hand , cows can be pretty fearsome as well up close . 
  we have bison in europe ? 
  why has n't anyone told me this !? 
  edit : i did n't actually read your whole comment because i saw `` bison '' and kind of freaked out in a very embarrassing manner , but cool that they 're reintroduced !, 
  it 's weird . 
  it takes a lot for me to really notice an american accent . 
  of course i notice that you * are * american , but they have a tendency to all sound the same to me . 
  either that or people really work hard to shave off any regional quirks before going to hollywood/other international settings . 
  but i do like some of the more noticeable ones , like the new york one , several southern ones or the boston accent . 
  i also have an affinity for the maine accent because i remember stephen king describing it very vividly in some of his books . 
  i do n't know if i * like * it more than any other , but thanks to king its on my mind in a different way than most others . 
  but contrast this to british media : i 'm very conscious of a lot of the accents there . 
  i ca n't always tell where people are from ( beyond their country of origin ) , but i hear a lot of differences . 
  it 's not the same `` people basically just sound ` american ' '' feeling that i get when i hear most americans speak . 
  yes , that 's what generally taught in english classes . 
  except for a couple of random countries that teach american english . 
  i do n't remember which ones exactly , but it 's not the ones you 'd think ( ie those closest to the us ) . 
  i think that distinguishing between the different scandinavian languages/accents is too tall an order for anyone south of us , but i am a bit amused that we 're so often grouped together with german . 
  i get it , i guess , since i group nearby ( and sometimes not-so nearby ) languages/accents together as well . 
  but i feel like germans and swedes struggle with different parts of english pronunciation , which should shine through - or at the very least lead to different stereotypes about our usage of the english language . 
  to win over denmark . 
  in what way ? 
  in every way . 
  this goes for both sweden and civilization as a whole . 
  i do n't have a sauna . 
  not to mention * salty * licorice . 
   i had heard that the dutch enjoy salty licorice as well , so when my sister visited a friend there i asked her to buy me the saltiest licorice she could find so that i could compare it to ours . 
  i liked it , but it was the mildest saltiness i 've tasted . 
  nothing like our face-melting ones . 
  how does that work ? 
  i mean , do n't you become out of sync with the rest of the us ? 
  i 've experienced - 25 c outside , but +25 c indoors ? 
  sounds very hot . 
  maintain a courteous five meters of personal space between the two of us and i 'll text you a `` hello '' and maybe an emoji . 
  haha , perhaps . 
  i 've been out of the loop with regards to skiing related stuff after an incident where i kinda , uh , crashed into a restaurant . 
  i really ca n't trust myself with my own safety in ski resorts , so i 've turned my gaze elsewhere . 
  milk bags do n't even register on the crazy scale of the nordics , and certainly do n't surpass it . 
  i mean , finnish dudes enjoy carrying around their wives for sport . 
  the fact that estonian dudes do same only endear them to us , and that 's * way * crazier than this milk business . 
  i 've felt the same thing , even if i 'm from the stockholm area . 
  sitting in the dark at 8 or so pm on a warm summer day in italy felt really weird . 
  how does working as a ski instructor help you with your dutch ? 
  it feels like some tiny but rather important detail is missing . 
  :d do a lot of dutch people come skiing ? 
  i 'm usually just home alone , drinking tap water . 
  it 's not the most social activity , but it sure saves me some money . 
  i like the general idea of the change in name , since it sounds more like how we say it in swedish . 
  we do n't use a `` republic '' in the name of the country . 
  but i have n't really seen it used outside of reddit , so i 'll hold off on adopting it myself . 
  when i know that i 'll be understood , i 'll think of using it myself . 
  i will just assume that they use the swedish pronunciation of '' \u00d6 '' . 
  that would make the name sound hilarious . 
  yup . 
  i 'll just add that studying full-time is considered a `` 40 hours a week '' commitment . 
  i 've had adults who 've tried to combine that with some kind of work , and that was a godawful experience . 
  for them , sure , but even more so for the rest of us who constantly had to pick up the slack . 
  yeah ... before you actually took the decision , i would have said that it would never happen . 
  it defies how i view the world . 
  if you actually end up more successful than within the eu , i 'm going to have to change how i view economics ( etc ) * significantly * . 
  that said , you are still the uk . 
  i think you have a much better shot at it working out without the eu than most other member states . 
  we 'll just have to see , i guess . 
  no eye rolling here , i think that the civil war is a great example . 
  naturally slavery complicates things and makes it a little difficult to root for the confederation , but if we put that aside i think that the civil war really proved that there is a deep divide between two parts of the country . 
  i 'm just speaking from an outsider 's ' point of view , but the difference between the two halves of the country seem to run * a lot * deeper than just how they view ( ed ) black people . 
  that seems like a very simplistic way of looking at it , which is nonetheless how it 's somehow viewed . 
  perhaps those two halves should n't be forced together . 
  the us often seem , to me , as too big of a country . 
  too deeply divided to be satisfactorily governed in a single direction for four or eight years at a time . 
  again , slavery makes it kind of hard to really root for the confederation , but i do still sometimes wonder if splitting the country there could n't have been a good idea . 
  but it 's complicated and not really for me to say , so ... * shrugs * regarding the eu : yes , there are big differences between how it works and how the us works . 
  i 'm not in favor of it going `` full us '' , so to speak . 
  my point is just that , while smallness has its upsides , we do kind of gravitate towards each other so as to make our voices more easily heard together . 
  there are equal upsides to greatness as well . 
  while true , i also think that the grass is always greener on the other side . 
  there is a reason why a lot of smaller european nations have joined together in the eu , after all . 
  we 've basically created an organization with many of the same problems you mentioned , so that we can stay competitive . 
  to turn it around a bit : i doubt any american state * really * would prefer to secede from the us and go at it alone just to escape federal meddling . 
  none of this is meant as an argument against you . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  quite right !, 
  not even mighty russia could withstand our might !, 
  bah , such insolence !, 
  you 've been independent for far too long , little brother . 
  time to reestablish the old eastern border and begin taking back some territory from russia . 
  viking age 2.0 !, 
  i like the sound of that . 
  we have never had any use of `` reasons '' for invading each other . 
  `` because they 're danes/swedes '' worked fine for centuries . 
  no need to start trying to come up with any better justifications now . 
  without all of the genocidal unpleasantness . 
  we can just give them a * julmust * to wash down all of the * gr\u00f6t * with and then we 're done . 
  i 'm a firm believer in the nordic model . 
  i think it works really well , and i would n't want to change it for anything else or move ( permanently ) to any society that 's too far removed from it . 
  so i guess i am pretty nationalistic in the `` sweden is ( at least among ) the best country ( ies ) in the world '' sense . 
  i 'm not ashamed of that , even if i 'm not blind to some of the problems we face either . 
  all of this is just a personal preference , though , and does n't mean that i dislike other countries or ( especially ) other people . 
  well , except for danes . 
  it 's every swede 's civic duty to dislike danes at least a little bit .
