  i think it 's once a week or so . 
  noon on sundays or something like that , and then maybe special occasions or holidays . 
  / u/xeekei brought up naked mud wrestling as something you apparently do ( true or false , i do n't know ) , which i found a little funny and random since we 're talking about how we greet each other . 
  my joke was about a ) treating said mud wrestling as the finnish way of greeting people , and b ) how things sometimes get awkward between people from different cultures when they try to do different greetings upon meeting each other . 
  a small upward nod is usually enough , unless you 're close with each other . 
  as a general greeting among strangers ? 
  now i ca n't stop imagining the finnish equivalent of one person going in for a handshake while the other guy goes in for a hug . 
  someone stretches out a hand ; the finn rips off his own clothes , pours some mud over his chest and then just charges the other person . 
  i do n't expect a tourist to speak swedish and do n't mind if they speak english to me directly . 
  a quick `` do you speak english ? '', 
  is welcome so that i can get my bearings a bit and switch language in my head , but i do n't care if you greet me in swedish or english . 
  just know * english * . 
  that 's what 's important . 
  speaking with people who do n't understand english is annoying as hell . 
  if i am abroad then it 's on me to make myself understood so i do n't really feel that i have the right to be annoyed with locals not knowing english , but if people come * here * then they really should know some basic english . 
  if they do n't then i really have to have a good day to help them . 
  or , i mean , i will probably still help them in whatever capacity i can , because being a dick and just walking away wo n't make anyone happy ( least of all myself ) . 
  but i 'll be really annoyed afterwards . 
  so , to summarize a bit since i went off on a bit of a rant : i would have no problem with you or your friends . 
  i was about to say that i do n't see democracy as the unquestionably best way to govern a country as my fringe opinion , but it seems like a lot of people have already said so , so it feels kind of un-fringey now . 
  :p but just to clarify : i do n't mean it in a `` i want a dictator '' kind of way , but more that perhaps it 's not something we should automatically press onto people . 
  if they want it we should help them get it , but it just feels like i grew up in a time when `` spreading democracy '' was the basic agenda and it just led to a lot of chaos . 
  is this really a fringe opinion ? 
  i think a lot of people would agree with you . 
  i certainly do . 
  occasionally . 
  i was a scout , so i attended a international meet-up in the uk once . 
  i was there for two weeks , during one i was camping along with all of the other international scouts , while i stayed with an english family for the other . 
  it was a lot of fun . 
  kind of wish that internet had been a bigger thing back then , because i did n't really stay in touch with anyone i met there . 
  i imagine it would have been a lot easier with facebook and twitter and whatnot . 
  other than that i have n't done too much camping abroad . 
  i stayed in a tent while in italy once , but i think that 's pretty much it . 
  the camping i 've done , i 've mostly done in sweden . 
  i think that the sami traditional clothing is really cool . 
  not really `` swedish '' , but at least belonging to people living * in * sweden . 
  edit : [ example ] ( https://cdn1.cdnme.se/cdn/9-2/917537/images/2010/samedrkter_77627415.jpg ), 
  squirrel skin ? 
  i assume that you were either very poor at the time and therefore not in too much need of bills , or just had a shit ton of squirrels available . 
  i clicked on the link and now i feel dirty despite there not being anything there anymore . 
  may has been pretty crazy , weather-wise . 
  i see you are still a newbie on the matter of swedish weather . 
  you 'll eventually learn that we can always complain about the weather . 
  in fact , people on r/sweden * are * complaining about the stockholm weather today . 
  there is maybe a 15 minute window each year where the weather is lagom , otherwise it 's either too hot or too cold . 
  complaining about that is the only acceptable small talk . 
  wooo !, 
  hope you like it !, 
   how come you 're learning swedish ? 
  since rp is so commonly the type of english taught in school abroad , do foreigners ever come across as posh to you ? 
  or maybe as trying to sound posh ? 
  we have a lot of accents and a lot of accompanying stereotypes , but here 's a quick rundown of the basics : southerners are would-be danes while northerners are quiet and reserved . 
  people in gothenburg are happy , tell bad jokes and are all named glenn ( do n't ask ) . 
  then there 's * gn\u00e4llb\u00e4ltet * , or the whine belt , where people always sound pretty whiney due to their accent . 
  finally stockholmers are assholes and finns are moomin . 
  northerners are special people with special food . 
  the rest of us are good people with good food . 
  surstr\u00f6mming is northern food . 
  my main interactions with somalis has been in higher education , so i have a fairly positive view of them . 
  the best study partner i 've ever had was somali , for example . 
  we worked together brilliantly , complemented each other amazingly . 
  a perfect collaboration . 
  i obviously did n't get along as well with every somali i met , but so many of them being there in the first place speaks highly of them , i think . 
  such a simple pleasure . 
  a few cooked fresh potatoes , and a little sour cream with chives , and the summer is set . 
  french first ? 
  italian second ? 
  pfft !, 
  i see that * someone * here has never had a decent swedish * falukorv * !, 
  we eat horse meat in sweden , which people abroad think is really weird , so i try not to judge the eating of dog meat too much . 
  * however * , the killing of the dogs is quite horrible , if i remember correctly . 
  so that i judge . 
  too many to mention , really , but i have always loved cult of luna . 
  marvelous band . 
  hahahaha . 
  well , we have a couple of really weird prefixes that have a very specific meaning on their own but can be coupled with other words in contradictory ways . 
  let 's take `` j\u00e4tte '' as an example . 
  it means giant ( as in the creature ) . 
  however , if used as a prefix it simply means `` very much of something '' . 
  so you can say both `` j\u00e4ttestor '' ( big as a giant , meaning enormous ) and `` j\u00e4tteliten '' ( small as a giant , meaning teeny tiny ) . 
  another example : `` skit '' , meaning shit . 
  as a word all on its own it has exactly the same meaning as the english word , but used as a prefix it just means `` a lot '' which can lead to just as weird contradictions as with `` j\u00e4tte '' . 
  sure , you can be `` skitful '' ( shit ugly , which is fairly self-explanatory ) ; but you can also be `` skitfin '' ( shit beautiful , meaning * really * beautiful ) , which makes significantly less sense . 
  watching the english - i just imagine her basically bird watching you guys . 
  brit watching , with a pair of binoculars and a book with details about how you live and what you look like . 
  `` it might not seem like it in the beginning , but there are actually a lot of different kinds of brits out in the wild . 
  when you grow more experienced , you can identify them by the way they move and the sounds that they make . 
  even the faintest ` wanker ! ', 
  can tell you a lot about the particular brit you 're seeing . '', 
  joakim th\u00e5str\u00f6m has done several songs that i love , but [ flicka med guld ] ( https://youtu.be/vckmyhwcdfw ) is pure magic . 
  it 's just a quiet guitar and his voice , raw and beautiful . 
  runner-up : [ cowboys ] ( https://youtu.be/vckmyhwcdfw ) by kent . 
  this is kent at their most melancholic , and i love it . 
  it breaks my heart , but i love it . 
  probably that we are pretty reserved . 
  that 's kind of true , but depending on where you come from it can take on different meanings . 
  sometimes we 're just seen as cold , other times we 're downright rude . 
  sometimes it looks a lot worse than it is . 
  i remember a big outcry from swedes one time on an english-speaking website devoted to swedish news , when we were said to be racist by a guest writer visiting sweden . 
  the reasoning for this was that swedes were apparently a lot unfriendlier to him and his family - all indian , if i remember correctly - than to the other swedes around .
