  but still , we 're all really just having a giant geopolitical slumber party . 
  the constant teasing is just pillow fighting . 
  somehow , things we celebrate tend to concentrate to that one date . 
  people should probably remember that if they ever want to invade us or something . 
  do so on june 5th or 7th and you 'll probably take control of the country in mere hours , but time it wrong and your humiliating defeat on june 6th will live on in the annals of history forever . 
  i 'm pretty much the opposite . 
  i may not want to live completely off the grid , by i 'm perfectly fine living in a suburb quite a bit outside of stockholm . 
  it 's nice and small and quiet , but near enough to the city that you can travel in and see a concert or what have you . 
  but i hate it when everything and everyone is crammed tightly together , and i can only imagine that it 's worse in a city like ny , that has almost as many inhabitants as all of sweden . 
  i do n't do anymore , but i did quite a lot as a child . 
  i was both in the `` lake scouts '' and learned to sail small boats through them , and my aunt/her husband owns a boat that we used to sail in the stockholm archipelago with . 
  i have a lot of happy memories from being out on lake malar in the summer . 
  my aunt and her husband still own that boat , but i have n't been out in it for ages ; and i have n't been a scout for 15-20 years . 
  sailing was never a thing i continued with after leaving them , since i did n't own any boat to do so in ( the one my aunt owns is quite different and not one i ever learned to sail myself ) . 
  i 've never understood the fascination people have with ny . 
  the other places i get , but i feel like i would n't be able to breathe in ny . 
  it feels so cramped and hectic . 
  `` the city that never sleeps '' sounds like the total opposite of what i want from a place i visit . 
  i would probably just spend a week wandering around in central park . 
  i would love to go to the us ( or just the americas in general ) someday , but it is n't my top priority . 
  one reason is because of the sheer amount of countries to explore here in europe , all with hundreds of years of history and culture to discover . 
  another is more practical : i do n't drive , which ( from what i 've heard ) kind of limits the possibilities i have to explore the united states . 
  it 's not impossible by any means , but the whole `` great american road trip '' angle falls away . 
  then there are some personal stuff that makes exploring anything really difficult , but that 's ... well , that 's another thing entirely . 
  do other people actually order such tests in countries that allow them ? 
  i do n't know how they 're treated in swedish law , but i 've never heard of anyone using/wanting to use one . 
  it seems like such a weird `` jerry springer guest '' thing to do in my eyes . 
  dunno about heaven , but hell sure must be full of danes . 
  how do we define ceremonial ? 
  because while i see what you mean regarding * livgardet * , it is still very much a `` real '' guard most of the time . 
  when i was there ( admittedly , quite some time ago ) , guarding the castle was only a very minor thing . 
  huh , fascinating . 
  never heard of that before . 
  glad i have now . 
   no pump-action guns do you know why ? 
  i do n't really know how your gun laws look like in general , but the general feeling i 've got is that they 're a bit more relaxed than ours . 
  as such , banning pump-action weapons seems , as you said , quite strange . 
  it would ( in my eyes ) make more sense to ban automatic or even semi-automatic weapons before pump-action ones . 
   ufos ca n't land in ch\u00e2teauneuf du pape  those laws are n't really enforced anymore now i picture ufos commonly landing in ch\u00e2teauneuf du pape back in the 18th century , always getting fined and then chased away by local law enforcement . 
  it is indeed quite tasty , but i 've never heard that it should be especially unhealthy or containing any weird ingredients . 
  the two * do * look remarkably similar , though . 
  pasta with fried [ falukorv ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falukorv ) and bell peppers , topped with some mustard . 
  i 've also eaten a lot of clementines . 
  i think that you 're thinking of assange , not snowden . 
  i do n't have the energy to get into the assange discussion , but yes , somehow we have two conflicting `` reputations '' among some people . 
  on one hand , every little thing that innocent white men do in the bedroom can be rape according to the swedish judicial system ; on the other , there 's apparently a terrible epidemic of rapes caused by refugees and immigrants . 
  both are wrong , but the two should still logically equal each other out , with the former explaining the latter . 
  but somehow they do n't , in the eyes of the people who hold them . 
  * sighs *, 
  i have a medical condition that makes it difficult to go out and do stuff , but last summer i did enjoy getting out and sitting on a bench in the sun , reading , with music in my earbuds . 
  good times . 
  just being outside in the sun is nice . 
  there really is no need to `` do '' anything special . 
  i loved fairy tales in general . 
  i do n't know if i had any one favorite . 
  one of the tales i remember the most though is [ three billy goats gruff ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_billy_goats_gruff ) , or * de tre bockarna bruse * as we called it in swedish . 
  i always liked trolls - beings from swedish/scandinavian folklore in general , really - so the story fit me like a glove . 
  i also loved hearing about mythological characters , both norse and from other pantheons . 
  yeah , the hot/shy one is a more modern view of us . 
  not saying everything about it is necessarily true , but ... * blushes * the other one is/was more of an american stereotype of us . 
  we were way more liberal than them when it came to sex back in the 60s , and people freaked out when they saw the movies we produced . 
  it has kind of stuck since then , even if ( as i said ) it 's nowadays a slightly outdated stereotype that only shows up occasionally . 
  it 's annoying when it does , though . 
  well , you have the constant `` sweden is a paradise/hellhole ! '', 
  bickering in american politics that is extremely tiresome ( and misinformed , on every side ) . 
  other than that , there are two swedish stereotypes that comes to mind : the swedish chef , and us being blonde porn stars/sex-crazed people . 
  i have no problem with the swedish chef himself - he 's hilarious . 
  i do have a problem with ignorant people who think that he 's somehow representative of us , or our language . 
  i mean , come on . 
  the blonde porn star one is a little outdated and not so common anymore , but every so often it still rears its head . 
  i remember it randomly derailing the `` kingsman : the secret service '' movie a few years ago , for example . 
  ooooh boy , i did not like that movie for a lot of sweden-related stuff . 
  but anyway , my point is : i 'm tired of hearing that we are all sex-crazy blondes . 
  i 'm neither . 
  depends on what you mean by `` trust '' . 
  i trust that they are not corrupt , but i do n't trust them in terms of competence . 
  the current parties in power really need to have a time out and work out what politic they want to run going forward , because they do n't seem to know that right now . 
  the sad thing is that they are still the best alternative , since the opposition is even worse . 
  i 'll leave the final verdict to you germans ( and anyone else whose country traditionally eats it ) . 
  after all , the more german my family gets , the more they seem to like it . 
  there must be * something * to it . 
  yeah , people eating it on youtube are ... interesting . 
  to say the least . 
  there 's ( usually ) this complete lack of understanding of the dish . 
  i have no interest in it either way , but come on - you would n't eat an orange without peeling it or pasta without boiling it . 
  i do n't necessarily expect everyone to prepare the whole traditional swedish meal whenever they try it , but de-boning the fish and removing the scales seem like pretty basic first steps before shoving it in your mouth . 
  i 'm not really sure how to interpret your comment , but please - * please * - do n't tell me you like both sauerkraut and pineapples ? 
  there should be governmental watch lists for people who like both . 
  a special enclosed habitat on an island far out in the sea for people who like both . 
  hahaha . 
  yeah , first rule of surstr\u00f6mming is to never ever open a can in an enclosed space . 
  a radio studio must be among the worst places to do so in . 
   or saunas and you want into nordics !? 
  i 'm swedish and i 've survived 30 winters longer , darker and colder than yours without resorting to sauerkraut . 
  whatever i 'm doing , i 'm clearly doing it better than you guys . 
   now , if you do n't mind , i must sacrifice another virgin for my master . 
  yeah , i kinda figured . 
  i never thought that the reason for the ban ( or at least a general reason against bringing it on board ) was the explosiveness of the can itself ; the smell will probably bring the plane down just fine on its own . 
  that 's one thing i 've never understood about german cuisine either . 
  it 's wonderful in a lot of ways and i always eat a ton of food whenever i 'm there , but ... sauerkraut ?
