  i do n't know if i 'd say that that offends me , but it can be quite annoying and does n't exactly signal the start of an interesting conversation . 
  i usually only turn in for the final . 
  this year my tv is broken , though , so unless i win some freak lottery by the end of the week i do n't really have the means to watch it . 
  i just ca n't be arsed to watch a 3 + hour event like that on my phone 's screen . 
  i have barely heard our contender this year , but what little i have heard has n't resonated with me . 
  however , i seriously love the guy who came in second . 
  so ... yeah . 
  that sucks . 
  it took me a while to figure out what you meant , since we have regions called both v\u00e4sterbotten and norrbotten in sweden , and i did n't remember that \u00d6sterbotten actually was a region of finland . 
  i 'm so used to thinking of finnish places by their finnish names that i tend to forget that they have swedish names as well . 
   it did n't help that i did n't recognize the dialect in the video as finnish swedish and therefore assumed that it came from over here somewhere . 
  i ended up just trying * really hard * to remember exactly where in sweden \u00d6sterbotten was and why i was so unfamiliar with it . 
  it was only when i gave up and googled it that the penny finally dropped . 
  i ca n't really add anything to what 's already been said , but i really think that you 'll be fine either way . 
  best of luck with your studies !, 
  swedish natively . 
  very good english . 
  i 'm good enough in german after 8 years of studying the language that i would probably pick it up fairly quickly if i immersed myself in it again . 
  when i 've visited my german relatives in the past my german has usually improved significantly for the duration of the trip , but then it always fell back to a much more basic level again . 
  i try to keep it up somewhat , though . 
  i also understand norwegian and danish to some degree , even if i often find spoken danish pretty hard to understand since i live pretty far away from them and do n't have too much contact with the language . 
  norwegian is much easier . 
  hahaha , i was so tempted to just go with moomin to illustrate that dialect as well . 
  * finlandssvenska * , which is the dialect of the swedish minority in finland . 
  i just love it . 
  here 's a [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/_m2wg8et6w0 ) . 
  it 's the singer being interviewed who speaks with the dialect in question , not the two hosts . 
  i also have an enormous accent crush on lena philipsson , a swedish singer . 
  she has a * sm\u00e5l\u00e4ndsk * dialect that i adore . 
  i have some trouble actually finding a good video to illustrate that , but i guess [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/vqgqduq-c70 ) will have to do . 
  looks very similar to my own experience , with the exception that i 've been around more in the stockholm area since i live there . 
  i also have n't stayed a lot in the south , just traveled through it pretty extensively . 
  the north is also completely white in my experience . 
  i 've been to s\u00e4len and g\u00e4vle , but not further north than that . 
  and obviously there 's a hell of a lot of north left after that . 
  :p it 's on my bucket list , though . 
  yeah , we have them . 
  i especially remember me and my dad going north on a trip once - they were very popular in the countryside . 
  you could have made a drinking game out of all of the signs signaling an upcoming flea market somewhere . 
  you know , if not for my dad driving the car and me not really being a drinker . 
  but theoretically i 'm sure such a drinking game would have been much fun !, 
  i know , right ? 
  someone in the comments said `` moomin meets harry potter '' and i just love that description of it . 
  they 're [ moomin ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/moomin ) !, 
  literally . 
  tove jansson , who created them , was a swedish speaking finn , so the tv series ' swedish voices were all done by swedish speaking finns as well . 
  it gave it a very cute spin . 
   i 'm not really sure how i would describe the sound of their swedish . 
  i think the easiest way would be to say that it simply has its own melody , which is generally considered very cute among swedish swedes . 
  [ found it !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/48rskseymog ), 
  i have an \u00c5 in my surname . 
  the first time i heard an english speaker trying to pronounce that name is forever etched into my memory . 
  somehow it ended up more embarrassing for me than for him ( which in retrospect seems really unfair ) . 
  anyway , i was a scout ( 12 or so years old ) and there was this big international scout gathering in england . 
  we were going on some kind of trip , and this english guide was calling out our names to see if everyone was accounted for . 
  he was calling people in alphabetical order , going by surname , and i was so used to \u00c5 being in the back of the alphabet ( in swedish ) that i kind of zoned off . 
  i vaguely heard him calling out for some schmuck with a really weird surname , but did n't think much of it until my friends started nudging me and saying that the funnily named kid was probably me . 
  i did n't recognize the guide 's pronunciation of my name * at all * , and i felt like an idiot who did n't recognize his own name despite not really being the guilty party . 
  but at least now i know that english speakers and the \u00c5 do n't go well together . 
  haha , yeah , i read some british article about it all . 
  `` why on earth do the french call us roast beef '' or something to that effect . 
  they seemed quite perplexed , but eventually got to the answer . 
  i once heard a brit speaking swedish after he 'd learned it from his * finlandssvenska * girlfriend . 
  that 's still the most hilarious thing i 've ever heard . 
  loved it . 
  so cute . 
  oh , prize of course !, 
  thanks for catching that . 
  perhaps it 's for the best that they do n't . 
  it 's an interesting experience if you 're inherently bonded for life as in my family , but it would probably take quite a particular type of couple to enjoy the pretty hardcore teasing that results from the wins and losses - regardless of side . 
  but you ca n't just not work and get money . 
  you have to search every job you can , go to every interview offered etc. 
  i have a hard time seeing how having a job and feeling like you 're at least doing something/contributing ever so slightly to society is somehow not the better alternative to constantly jumping through bureaucratic hoops and flicking from one interview to another . 
  at least you have a stable salary with a job , which the welfare safety net is decidedly * not * . 
  a misstep and you 're out of money for the next month . 
  no rent , no food , no money to pay for transportation to all of the interviews you still need to go to in order to get money next month , and no extra money that next month to catch up on the bills you did n't pay this month . 
  you also ca n't ask a friend or relative for any money to make up the difference so that you can pay those bills , since that money is then deducted from the money you receive the following month , just worsening your problems . 
  it 's just a really volatile system where problems have a tendency to snowball quickly . 
  if that 's the case , then that sounds hellish beyond what a nation such as yours should ever , * ever * allow . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i do n't mind the question . 
  i mind the assumption that is sometimes made , that people on welfare are just lazy leeches living on the government 's dime , when that is a really ill-informed opinion . 
  a question asked with an open mind is , at worst , not that assumption held tightly . 
  at best it 's an attempt to either challenge that assumption directly or to just come to a well-informed opinion while circumventing that assumption altogether . 
  either way it 's better to ask and be answered than to just ... presume things , and judge people and systems off that . 
  this goes for everyone : non-europeans in general , europeans overall , and ( in my case ) swedes specifically . 
  certainly not just americans , if you felt that was somehow implied . 
  this has been one of the weirdest routes to new knowledge i 've taken recently , but now i know . 
  sk\u00e5ne is the prize of every game . 
  edit : oups !, 
  i see . 
  since all of this happened when i was still a kid , i have a pretty limited understanding of the whole thing and no understanding ( other than the very basic facts of the situation ) of the dutch involvement or perspective . 
  thanks for explaining it , it was quite enlightening . 
  what ? 
  * googles it * huh . 
  * feels mind slowly blowing * i mean , i see that it 's slang for the english but now i 'm just going to pretend even harder that the main french rivalry has historically been with a certain type of meat . 
  that 's kind of how i view denmark . 
  by any and all logic under the sun we should have clubbed and hacked and shot and bombarded each other to death to such a degree , for centuries on end , that even the coldest of relationships ought to be inconceivable between the two of us ... and yet we 're inseparable brothers nowadays . 
  how things turn out , eh ? 
  for a moment i thought you 'd written * rostbiff * , which is swedish for roast beef .
