  i was too sick to even protest being dragged around , so it was only when we got back to the hotel and i just hit the bed harder than a runaway freight train ( instead of joining the others eating snacks , like a healthy kid would have ) , that he realizing something was up . 
  but , uh , i promise that i 've had good vacations as well . 
  i have n't eaten nearly enough bread around europe to really have an informed opinion , but i 'll go with finland . 
  while i too love lighter breads like baguettes , there is something charming about the sturdiness of finnish bread that i really like . 
  i was n't a fan of them growing up , but i 've grown more fond of that type of bread as i 've gotten older . 
  why eat three slices of white bread when you can have a single slice of a bread darker than a nordic winter night and feel just as full ? 
  nah , but i try my best not to do so myself . 
  i want my answers to be understood by everyone . 
  have a cookie , little brother . 
  i went to school with someone who was really into it . 
  i do n't have much contact with her nowadays , but i follow her on facebook and sometimes see her sew wonderful costumes to wear to the events . 
  it 's not my cup of tea , but pretty cool nonetheless . 
  they do n't cause any problems in castles , though . 
  this . 
  the shorter stay you have , they less time you should spend on travelling during it . 
  a little over a week is not a lot of time at all , so i would also recommend cutting down on the different places you visit . 
  i would also try really hard to see if i could n't take a flight home from wherever you eventually end up , rather than having to trek all the way back again . 
  that just seems like so much wasted time . 
  if you absolutely have to return from copenhagen , i would stay in denmark for the majority of the trip and then look into just taking a day trip somewhere from there . 
  maybe there are ferries from copenhagen to northern germany , for example ? 
  no question mark , but i mean , is n't it still pretty clearly asking for recommendations based on their interests ? 
  i do n't really see any problems with it . 
  however , i do agree that the question might be asked more successfully either in the subreddit you recommended or in one of the subreddits for the specific countries that they 're travelling to . 
  powerless is way to strong a word , but it 's entirely possible that the ruling party/coalition does n't have over 50 % of the votes . 
  we basically have to political blocs and one party that no one wants to work with because of their stance on immigration . 
  that party has around 15 % of the votes , leaving both of the blocs with under 50 % each . 
  so whichever bloc gets to form the government , they 'll have to do so with a minority of the votes ( unless they join forces with that lone party ) . 
  but the opposition is not powerless . 
  just yesterday they said they 'd do a vote of no confidence against three ministers , forcing two of them out of the government today . 
  we 'll see what happens with the third , but it 's a show of force nonetheless . 
  well , it 's not like swedish larpers have to cause problems in order to dress up and play knights in old ruins . 
  just go to visby during [ medeltidsveckan ] ( http://www.medeltidsveckan.se/en/ ) and do that . 
  thanks !, 
  * eyes finland * komsi , komsi , little brother . 
  we can make a viking out of you yet !, 
  but the serious answer : no , no one wants to reclaim any lands . 
  when did you guys own/lose land that is now russian ? 
  while i 've hardly kept a close eye on all of scandinavia 's historical borders , i do n't remember norway ever stretching that far east ? 
  i usually do n't talk to my neighbors so i would n't know when they 've had a death or something else noteworthy happen in their family . 
  well , at least you got the full stockholm experience . 
  i do n't know if this qualifies as `` mundane '' since i see the attraction in it , but i was part of the royal guard at the stockholm castle when i was in the army back in the day . 
  while i totally get why tourist find that fascinating and want to take pictures , the times when i was most aware that i was being photographed were when i was doing absolutely nothing interesting whatsoever ( from my perspective ) . 
  just standing around , completely still . 
  and yet , busloads of japanese tourists just kept click-click-clicking away on their cameras , endlessly . 
  god bless them . 
  i just feel a little sorry that they did n't come when we were actually doing fun stuff . 
  the changing of the guards is * a lot * more fun ( especially if there 's a marching band there ) to watch than just the guards themselves . 
  i usually enjoy a pretty large variety of games , but since i both had a big backlog of rpgs and a lot of new rpgs released earlier this year , that 's been what i 've been playing a lot recently . 
  witcher 3 , mass effect : andromeda , torment : tides of numenera , pillars of eternity and divinity : original sin . 
  i also really want to play nier : automata , but i ca n't buy * every * new game that comes out . 
  besides rpgs i 've played deus ex : mankind divided and gwent this year , and a few indies such as her story . 
  i do n't think you fit neatly into a single party , so it 's a little difficult to say where you 'd fit best . 
  i would suggest [ reading up on them ] ( https://sweden.se/society/political-parties-in-sweden/ ) , if you 're interested . 
  but maybe the green party ? 
  well , neither trump nor brexit has taken place in a context where i could affect it or fight against it , so they have n't really changed my political leanings in any substantial way . 
  they just make me annoyed at other people . 
  in terms of changes to my own political opinion , you really have to use a different , swedish ( and personal ) perspective . 
  we had our last election three years ago and since then a lot of things have changed which has affected my opinions in various ways . 
  we got the left-wingers into power , which i hoped we would - but it has hardly been smooth sailing for them since . 
  they 've been plagued with various kinds of bad things throughout their term , and it 's kind of hard to keep supporting them as much as i 'd like to . 
  they only thing keeping me on their side is that the opposition is fumbling just as much , only not from a leadership position . 
  add to this some personal stuff that i do n't really feel like getting into , but which has changed the issues i 'm invested in , and i 'm altogether quite confused . 
  not only am i unsure who i should vote for given the utter unlikability of almost every party out there , i also have to reevaluate them from a `` who has the best ideas for health care ? '', 
  perspective , which i did n't need to have before the last election . 
  at the end of the day i 'm not sure if i 'd say that my opinion is radically different now from then , but it has been a bumpy ride these last few years nonetheless - and none of it has really been because of trump and brexit . 
  they are mostly just annoying distractions . 
  i was a bit surprised to find out that we actually have a couple of [ coral reefs ] ( http://www.nationalparksofsweden.se/choose-park---list/kosterhavet-national-park/national-park-fact/in-the-sea/ ) on our west coast . 
  i ca n't find any pictures that i know , for sure , depict them in particular and not just coral reefs in general , but if anyone 's interested in that kind of stuff it 's probably worth checking out . 
  they have the greatest marine diversity in sweden . 
  `` now you 've taken a shit in the blue closet . '', 
  blue signified wealth back in the day , so a blue closet was often where you stored your fancy kitchenware . 
  not an ideal place for shitting . 
  i do n't know if it translates as exactly the kind of expression you 're after , but it 's kind of `` now you 've fucked up '' or `` now you 've gone too far '' . 
  i try to read all books originally written in english in english . 
  that was how i learned a lot of english growing up , and i just think that it 's the most authentic version to read . 
  swedish books , naturally , in swedish . 
  after that it 's really a toss up between english and swedish - it depends on the available translations . 
  if a book is not originally written in english i do n't see any inherent point in reading it in english , so i usually gravitate towards swedish translations . 
  no matter how good my english is , it 'll always be easier to read swedish . 
  however , there 's also the fact that a lot more niche books are translated into english than into swedish , so there are times when it 's still necessary to read it in english despite it being originally written in a third language . 
  if it is the case i think it is , it just breaks my heart . 
  i honestly do n't know who 's right and who 's wrong . 
  it was a while since i last heard an update so i do n't know if there has been any further developments since , but i remember sympathizing with both the judge who ruled against the parents , and the parents themselves . 
  while i can totally see the logic in stopping the treatment since it would only prolong the suffering of the child , what parent can ever give up on their baby and just let it die without exhausting every available option first ? 
  i can not fault them for trying . 
  the whole situation just sucks . 
  i have absolutely no idea where the us comes into the picture , though . 
  perhaps that is the recent development ? 
  when i read about it a few month ago , it was strictly a british case . 
  edit : spelling . 
  i rarely eat regular food when there 's sports on , since it usually starts well after i 've eaten dinner . 
  champions league usually starts at around 9 pm , while hockey games tend to start at 7 or 8 pm . 
  so i usually eat snacks . 
  chips is a classic , but i do n't really have any specific `` sports snacks '' that i eat . 
  i just buy whatever i feel like at the time . 
  if i do n't feel like chips , i might go for chocolate or a bag of pick-and-mix , or maybe a pastry and a cup of coffee . 
  there 's really no reason to limit yourself . 
  interesting . 
  it looks goddamn delicious , but i would never have thought of it as `` sports food '' . 
  other than maybe as a side dish to a hamburger , if you 're at a sports bar .
