  i would just use the black holes to go back in time and pick up the frozen pizza i 'd already eaten . 
  i would be a horribly dull sci fi protagonist . 
  no problems . 
  haha . 
  why did i ever think that it was anyone other than the king himself who came up with all of the memes about him ? 
  [ bamse ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/bamse ) , because when you 're the world 's strongest you also need to be the world 's kindest . 
  the hulk could learn a thing or two from bamse . 
  hehe . 
  i honestly debated a bit with myself if i should add `` except for the royal family '' , or if that just went without saying . 
  :p but now i ca n't get the idea out of my head that every swede on reddit might be royal . 
  has anyone denied being so ? 
  not that i can recall . 
  oh , how i wish the king was actually here . 
  just anonymously trolling americans , bullying danes and weighing in on whether estonia can ever into nordics . 
  i am not scared at all of people breaking into my apartment , and even less that any potential intruders would be armed with a gun . 
  that 's just not something that 's on my mind . 
  i 'd be more inclined to buy a personal fire extinguisher in case of a fire than i would a gun in case of a break-in . 
  as for being more scared of my own gun than that of an assailant 's , well , it 's a combination of a lot of things . 
  but the main thing stems from what i just described above : since i 'm not in any way afraid of an intruder shooting me , adding a gun to the mix myself is just creating a possibility of something happening where i saw none before . 
  i also * really * dislike guns in general after my time in the military . 
  i have a massive respect for their deadly capabilities and what consequences even a small mistake can lead to . 
  i wo n't touch a gun again unless i really , * really * have to , and nothing in my life or my neighborhood suggests that i do . 
  is that an argument for or against my position ? 
  who has a personal coat of arms ? 
  i 've never heard of such a thing in modern times . 
  i do n't mind hunters having hunting rifles or people who compete in sports that involve guns having theirs . 
  both are completely fine as far as i 'm concerned . 
  what i do n't get is the notion of having guns for personal protection . 
  i would feel much more scared with a gun in my house than i would of the possibility of an intruder . 
  it 's such a fundamental difference in how `` security '' is defined . 
  i would never move to a country or a city where i thought that arming myself was a reasonable precaution . 
  as for our gun laws , i mostly do n't have any problems with them . 
  the one change i would like to see ( if it has n't been implemented yet ) is for hand grenades to be classified as `` weapons '' and not just `` explosives '' . 
  a few years ago criminals discovered that walking around with a grenade was far less risky ( legally ) than getting caught with a gun , so instead of shooting each other they started throwing grenades . 
  that 's obviously bad for a whole bunch of reasons . 
  i know that the government was supposed to fix the legal loophole that enables this , but i have n't heard if it has actually happened yet, 
  interesting , i would say canada but not new zealand . 
  i totally get what you 're saying , but for some reason i do n't get the same `` feels like it would be a fairly smooth transition '' gut feeling concerning nz as i do canada . 
  they still feel pretty foreign to me . 
  not * as * foreign as every other non-european country ( aside from canada ) , but to some extent . 
  in my head it basically goes canada = somewhat similar , nz = least foreign of the rest , other countries = various degrees of foreign . 
  would still love to go there some day , though . 
  seems like an awesome country . 
  not really . 
  i do have an acquaintance who follows it closely , though . 
  assuming we could get together for such a game i could muster up the will to see it , just to learn the rules etc. 
  but i have pretty much zero interest in it if it would just be me . 
  i 'd much rather go to a nhl game given the chance . 
  my friday evenings are not that different from all of the other evenings . 
  the difference mainly comes from knowing that they are different for other people , so i 'm not as careful about playing music or loud video games late etc. 
  instead of turning it down before 10 pm i kind of follow the flow outside ( i live just above a couple of restaurants/bars , so there 's usually commotion outside during the weekend ) and turn things down when things quiet down there . 
  only person i know who has tattoos is my mum . 
  it 's not really my thing , but as long as they are well-done i do n't mind them either . 
  i was just thinking the same thing . 
  come on , people !, 
  i know that we hold our kebab pizza near and dear to our hearts , but there is no need to downvote people who do n't immediately see its appeal - especially if it 's not done in some offensive manner . 
  we do . 
  it 's not especially common , but i have one pizzeria nearby that has it . 
  swedish pizza in general seems like a thing i would miss in the us . 
  there 's a lot of pizza there that i want to try , but i like our particular brand of pizza craziness and i generally do n't see that outside of sweden . 
  even if there obviously are countries that are crazy in their own ways . 
  a quick google search seems to suggest that * jamon * is a type of ham ? 
  you have meat-flavored chips ? 
  that sounds so weird to me . 
   i think i 've seen bacon flavored chips before so it 's not an entirely new concept , but despite being quite adventurous when it comes to chips i still ca n't remember ever eating meat-flavored ones . 
  have to check it out if i ever see it . 
  you put on extra clothes when you 're alone ? 
  as long as i 'm alone , i 'm basically always butt naked . 
  if it were n't for the occasional social interaction either at home or outdoors , i would never wear clothes . 
  the only suit i 'll ever wear is my birthday one !, 
  interesting . 
  my grandfather was also driving an ambulance , but got through the war unscathed ( as far as i know ) . 
  some close calls , but nothing like what happened to your grandfather . 
  i 'm half-german , so i kind of hope not . 
   i 'm not aware of anyone fighting in ww2 . 
  the only relative i know who were anywhere near fighting ( other than due to actually living in proximity to it ; i know of some of those too ) was my grandfather , who drove ambulances for the red cross . 
  my family history is very complicated , both because both of my grandfathers and their respective families were missing from my upbringing , and because i do n't really know where my paternal grandmother 's family came from . 
  the borders of central europe in the first half of the 20th century was very much in flux , so i used to always get different answers whenever i asked where she was from . 
  it depended a lot on when whoever answered me counted : the country where she was born , the country that she left during ww2 , or the country that 's there today . 
  my other grandmother is a bit easier - she 's obviously finnish . 
  the reason i do n't know more about that side of the family is that i 'm not too close to them . 
  since my mother never taught me finnish there 's a significant language barrier there . 
  but i was told a lot of crazy tales about my paternal grandfather . 
  he was an ambulance driver for the red cross during ww2 , which is how he ended up meeting my grandmother . 
  just to take one example : he wore a gun to defend himself and his ambulance , and one day he drove past a little shack outside of which there were a bunch of empty cans lined up in a way that he found really inviting for target practice . 
  so he stopped , got out and started firing at the cans . 
  unbeknownst to him , however , a group of russian soldiers were inside that shack , playing cards . 
  as he began firing at the cans , the russians thought they were under attack and ran out , weapons at the ready . 
  he damn near got shot , but managed to show them that he was with the red cross and eventually ended up playing cards with them . 
  i heard a ton of stories like this growing up . 
  it 's a shame that i never did record them , like i had planned , before my grandmother passed away . 
  as far as i knew when i was a kid , my grandfather was basically indiana jones if he 'd been an ambulance driver instead of an archeologist . 
  would have made a great book . 
  interesting . 
  i do n't know if i would put eastern germany at the top . 
  ca n't really put my finger on why , though . 
  germany as a whole certainly feels pretty close to sweden , but even so i do n't feel the same historical connection to them as i do to the baltic countries . 
  i feel even less of a connection with eastern germany in particular , even if i have n't been there much ( basically just east berlin ) and not for a long while . 
  on the other hand , i have n't been to any of the baltic countries either , so i 'm really just gut feeling my way forward here . 
  but i guess that , at some level , i feel that we , finland and the baltic countries kind of are in the baltic sea together , with everything that that entails .
