  seemed like a weird historical rivalry to have . 
  they are alright , i guess . 
  as long as they loose to us when our football teams meet . 
  if not ... * shivers at the indignity *, 
  you beat us , little brother . 
  of course it 's a big deal . 
  :p seriously , though , that was the first time i realized that i and my mother really cheered for different teams . 
  i for sweden , she for finland . 
  the betrayal i felt when she cheered our loss ... 
  i ca n't imagine how many pants were shat before we realized that it was n't actually one of our nuclear power plants that was having a meltdown . 
  how was srebrenica a national trauma for the netherlands ? 
  i remember an earlier discussion about the dutch involvement in trying to keep the peace there and the controversy surrounding the decision to not intervene , but i 'm not entirely sure how that translates to a national trauma for the general population . 
  the soldiers i totally understand being traumatized , though . 
  i remember a swedish soldier ( or perhaps a medical worker ) coming and speaking about his experiences down there and not always being able to stop atrocities from taking place , and it was a horrifying tale that i still remember all these years later . 
  some countries have been busier than others this past generation . 
  it has already lasted a really long time without anyone leaving . 
  it 's only now , after 60 + years , that someone has decided to actually withdraw from it . 
  seeing the actual possibility of a withdrawal has emboldened eu sceptic politicians around europe to try to get their respective countries to leave as well , and sure , it would be bad if those politicians got into power and could set such plans into motion . 
  but even if they should do so there would probably always result in a referendum and i think it 's pretty unlikely that we 'd see a lot of countries withdraw from the eu without first seeing how the uk fares . 
  it 's uncharted waters that no one has dared tread until now . 
  i doubt that the european population as a whole has left that scepticism all behind , just because some politicians see an opportunity . 
  they * could * have , so i 'm not willing to take risk the leavers of europe taking power anywhere , but i think it 's way too early to begin to really worry about the future of the union . 
  and to be honest , there are only a very , very small amount of countries who would really rock the eu by leaving . 
  the uk is one and france would have been one . 
  germany is one , but i do n't think anyone with a real shot at the power there is vying for an exit . 
  and with all due respect to the dutch , them leaving would probably not have been the doom of the union , just as sweden leaving would n't be so . 
  it would have made things more unstable and emboldened leavers even more , but more would be needed for the eu to fall . 
  so from my perspective , the french election was the only real worry , and in the end macron won pretty overwhelmingly over le pen . 
  the way i see it , now it 's more of a waiting game to see what happens when the uk leaves . 
  i have a feeling that the next step - whatever that may be - will only happen after that . 
  i feel that this is one of the great misconceptions of the welfare state , among people both within and outside of it . 
  those who are sure that people just willingly stay in that system for years on end have probably never been there themselves . 
  it 's not a life you want to live , but you 'll survive . 
  that 's it . 
  you basically do n't have any dispensable income and you ca n't save any money . 
  if you run into any unforeseen problems , like your computer dying on you or something , you 're shit out of luck since you do n't have the money to spare for such an expense . 
  it really is n't money meant to be lived on , but rather something that allows you to not die until you get a job that you * can * live on . 
  edit : you also do n't just get this money indefinitely . 
  you have to actively look for a job - whatever job - and if you do n't then you do n't get any more money . 
  which can suck immensely if that happens for whatever reason , since you have n't been able to save up a safety net of your own . 
  yeah , i would also think that most people 's minds go to `` indian '' rather than `` muslim '' , if it goes anywhere in particular . 
  i wonder if sikhs might not run the `` risk '' of being mistaken for hindus rather than muslims as a consequence of being seen as indian and indians , in turn , being thought of as predominantly hindus . 
  but this is just me guessing at possible confusion . 
  i do n't really base it on anything concrete . 
  it 's not something i 've ever seen happen . 
  not quite right . 
  people here generally do their baby making in the summer , with the most common birthday being in april . 
  definitely not muslims . 
  that seems like a weird confusion that people who 've met neither group sometimes have , and while i ca n't recall meeting any sikhs i have met a fair share of muslims and know the difference between the two . 
  but i do n't think my first thought would be `` tourist ! '', 
  upon seeing a sikh either . 
  i do n't know what i 'd think . 
  as far as i know there are n't that many sikhs in sweden , for any reason , so i do n't really have anything to base any stereotypes on . 
  how could you possibly * avoid * coming into contact with english literature ? 
  i do n't know if you mean literature in the english language in general or literature from england , specifically , but either way i think you 'd have a hard time avoiding at least picking up a passing familiarity with them . 
  shakespeare and dickens , at the very least . 
  i still remember falling utterly in love with sonnet 18 , while a christmas carol is probably the one work by any author from any country that i 've seen adapted most times in different ways . 
  the problem with democratically elected leaders is that their position in power is a lot more difficult to separate from the people who put them there than if they got to or stayed in power through undemocratic means . 
  americans voted for how they would be perceived by the rest of the world ( as every democracy does in every election ) , and they voted for trump . 
  that 's not to say that i somehow think that every american is deplorable because of trump , but he is the face of the nation . 
  there 's no getting around that . 
  he 's a dangerous clown who should never have gotten to power and the fact that he did speaks volumes about a lot of problems in the us . 
  there are two parties , neither of which could muster up the strength to stop him ; there are those voters who voted him in , who i wo n't agree with regardless of their motivations ; and there are all of the potential voters who did not vote against him , who i also hold partially at fault . 
  it 's just a giant shitshow that has unfortunately just begun , and it 's really sad to see it played out on the biggest political scene there is . 
  i do n't watch much swedish tv in general , but i remember a series called * starke man * about a awkward municipality politician trying to raise the reputation of his incredibly boring little part of sweden . 
  but i did n't really follow the series so i ca n't give a better description than that . 
  other than that one i ca n't think of any political shows . 
  yeah , we 're basically the bunnies of the north . 
  yeah , if you really dig into it there 's a lot of fascinating stuff to learn about different languages and how they connect to each other in various ways . 
  i was actually watching a video yesterday about german words in english . 
  there are a bunch of them in both our languages since germans are pretty crafty wordsmiths , but one thing i found interesting was how you often just borrowed the word directly , while we have a tendency to translate them first . 
  just an interesting quirk with regards to how our respective languages adopt new words . 
  the 10 million i mentioned are us swedes . 
   there are about 300 000 ( native ) swedish-speakers in finland , i think . 
  the rest of finland has ... let 's say varying degrees of knowledge of swedish . 
  by which i mean , no one in my finnish family ( who do n't live in sweden ) knows any , which makes family get-togethers pretty awkward since i do n't know any finnish . 
  :p regarding rw : had he still been around , i would definitely have chosen him . 
  i was actually listening to `` friend like me '' just the other day . 
  such a marvelous performance . 
  i will never forget that game . 
  there are few gold medals i remember us winning as vividly as i remember that game . 
  :p my family is pretty united most of the time , but when there 's ice hockey things change . 
  my earliest memory of family cohesion being kind of off was when you guys won against us in ... was it ' 95 ? 
  somewhere in the 90s , when the tournament was played in sweden . 
  and while me and my sister mourned the loss , my mother cheered the finnish victory . 
  since then there 's been this intense rivalry within the finnish and swedish parts of my family . 
  the 2003 turn-around is the worst i 've ever teased my mother . 
  but you guys have an annoying habit of giving her plenty of ammunition to tease right back ... 
  definitely this . 
  i also remember us losing the round of 16 game against senegal in the 2002 football world cup . 
  we had miraculously won the `` group of death '' despite not being a football super power ( and meeting several of said super powers ) , and should therefore meet a relatively easy opponent in the first elimination game . 
  it * felt good !, 
  * it felt like we could go really far , maybe repeat the success of ' 94 . 
  but no . 
  we lost . 
  oh so painfully . 
  dammit . 
  on a personal level , every loss against finland in ice hockey also stings like a motherfu ... well , you get the picture . 
  i 'm half-finnish , so the winning side teases the loosing one relentlessly after basically every game . 
  it 's a hard question , because the american things i 'm most envious of are also pretty specific to the us and therefore pretty impossible to `` just bring over '' .
