  while that is bad and pretty un-neutral of us , we did both worse and better things during the war and in the time leading up to it . 
  we have heroes who 've gone largely unnoticed and proper villains who 're mostly forgotten . 
  * among others . 
  it was n't all fun and games to be a finn , romani or various other groups back in the day either . 
  hahaha , such a random collection of swedish curse words . 
  love it . 
  the only native speaker of english i 've ever had as a teacher was in a sociology class in university . 
  i 've never had a native teacher teach me english as such . 
  that said , i was taught british english in school , as opposed to american english . 
  * that * said , of course you pick up american english just by consuming content both on and offline . 
  my english nowadays is probably a hodgepodge of different influences . 
  hm , i was not aware of anything like that happening , so it 's kind of hard to take a position on it . 
  but if it 's true , then yeah , of course it 's bad . 
  but at the same time , if people were manipulated then , what 's to say they wo n't be in another referendum as well ? 
  it seems like there are a lot of problems to fix before a new one could be considered at all . 
  what i meant was , unless there is a huge public demand for a new referendum , i feel like the people have spoken on the subject . 
  while i agree that there may be cause for one , i 've mainly seen the idea of such a thing suggested by politicians . 
  however , if there * is * a huge public demand due to the promises that were broken , then that 's another story and i feel that those concerns should be carefully considered . 
  i hope that clarifies what i meant . 
  i probably should have included that in my original comment . 
  i identify as swedish and scandinavian . 
  while i do identify as someone from the nordic countries as well , a language barrier throws a little wrench in that identity and keeps me from identifying as much with iceland or finland as i do with my scandinavian brothers and sisters . 
  on the other hand i have family ties with finland and am only a short ferry away from them , so there are other reasons for me to feel close to them . 
  even if i do n't understand a word they say . 
  i also identify with germans , since the other half of my family comes from there ; but that 's more of a personal connection rather than something that ties into my swedish identity as such . 
  probably not what you 're after . 
  before i clicked on the link , i thought you meant swinging as in the sexual activity of sharing partners . 
  seemed like a weird thing to define a people , but you do you , boo . 
  the easy answer would be the germanic one , since those are the languages i know and therefor can appreciate ( and through which i can understand other germanic languages i have n't learned , to a limited degree ) . 
  i like languages overall , but it 's difficult to really appreciate them if you do n't understand them . 
  that said , i 've always been fascinated by the celtic languages . 
  i do n't hear them often at all , but i occasionally see them in written form and i just find them so beautiful . 
  it 's a shame that english dominates so much in the uk and ireland , because i wish that the respective languages were more prevalent . 
  the last election was pretty much the opposite of that : we had a good coalition of parties in charge , but i voted for the other bloc because they ( social democrats etc ) were closer to my ideology and stood for the changes i wanted to see . 
  except holy hell , these past two years have been awful . 
  the current leadership is the worst i 've ever seen in my adult life , and the opposing alliance have taken a hard turn toward the far right to win back voters who left them for the actual far right party . 
  so we have a current leadership i have no faith in whatsoever , an opposition i despise , and then the racists . 
  next election 's gon na be * fun * . 
  while i do think that the us is too big for both its own and everyone else 's good , i also think that the current political balance is a good thing . 
  both dems and reps can win , and the power regularly shifts from one to the other . 
  while i really do n't like republicans since they always tend to lie very far from my own positions , i think that a weakening of that balance would be bad . 
  both in general and specifically because i 'm not too fond of the idea of a california-less us that would probably pull further right to compensate for the loss of such an important democratic state . 
  that is not the superpower the world needs . 
  i was following the 2014 referendum closely at the time , but did n't really have an opinion either way . 
  if they wanted out , go ahead , but i was n't terribly disappointed when they stayed . 
  i do understand those who want to revisit the question of independence now , though , given how different scotland seems to have voted compared to the uk as a whole . 
  however , you still have to respect the 2014 decision . 
  i think that the most reasonable compromise would be to stay in the uk and see how the brexit goes . 
  if things goes apeshit you can revisit the question of independence , but as things stand now , the people * did * vote to stay . 
  i feel both nordic and european , but i largely lack the connection to the other european countries that i have with my nordic brothers and sisters . 
  probably because we 're pretty far from any other country . 
  i do feel a weird sort of semiconnection to the uk through our unconnectedness to mainland europe . 
  or at least an understanding of the feeling . 
  the one non-nordic country i would make an exception for is germany , but that 's probably because i have family there . 
  i love germany , though , in a way that i do n't even love my nordic neighbors . 
  i feel at home there in a weird way . 
  i should probably also do a shout out to italy . 
  i love it there since i used to go there on vacation lots of times as a teenager/young adult , even if i do n't feel that familial connection i do to germany . 
  the italians are quite different from me , but in all the right ways . 
  i try to divide appropriation into two groups : individuals who wear ( or however it may be used ) the stuff in question , and companies who make money off it . 
  if you 're an individual who 's not profiting from the stuff you 're borrowing from another culture , it 'd take quite an insensitive borrow for me to care . 
  but if you 're a big clothes manufacturer and make a collection of risque `` indian lingerie '' or something , then yeah , i see a potential problem . 
  individual pieces of information are true - i recognize a lot of the quotes from the interviewed women from fairly legitimate swedish newspapers , for example - but it 's still , on the whole , very skewed reporting . 
  i looked through their recent stories related to sweden and they seem to follow two general trends : `` rape , rape , rape ! '', 
  or `` bad muslims ! '' . 
  i get a feeling that the writers get a bonus if they can find stories where those two categories intersect in some way . 
  i think that the whole no-go zone stuff came about through some bad translation , probably quite willingly so , by people who shat their pants in excitement at the prospect of problem in the swedish paradise . 
  the police came out with a report that said that there were half a dozen places in sweden that had significant problems that needed addressing , while another 50 or so had lesser levels of criminality . 
  none of these were labelled as `` no-go zones '' by the police , and yet this is how not only the six worst areas were called in certain circles , but all of the various areas detailed in the report . 
  even those on the polar opposite side of the spectrum . 
  so whenever someone speaks of swedish no-go zones , i usually just zone out . 
  it tends to be a good indicator that that person does n't really understand what they 're talking about . 
  nordstan , being a shopping mall , would also be ridiculous to describe as a no-go zone . 
  that 's not how that term works , even when it applies . 
  while it really does seem to be a lot of problems there and the police have their work cut out for them , i see no indication that they would have in any way given up on it . 
  quite the opposite . 
  now i 'm just imagining the biggest bully sitting in the back with a little bell , slowly ringing it again and again whenever someone gets any praise , with everyone else going `` shame ! '', 
  every time it rings . 
  i see i 've given you keen insight into the scandinavian mind . 
  you should feel bad for flaunting it so much . 
  :p kidding aside , it 's not so much `` you ca n't do anything well '' as it is `` you do n't do anything better than anyone else '' . 
  you can still take pride in work well done , as long as you stay reasonable humble about it . 
  i agree . 
  from what little i know of the author and the book that all of this comes from , it seems like he really did n't like his own hometown . 
  the list of rules that he then said that the townspeople followed were therefor colored by this dislike , and came out harsher for it . 
  so i would n't take the list as an example of how things work today , but more as a relic of how someone from nearly a century ago thought of society . 
  some things still work to describe our modern society , other things ... not so much . 
  to answer your question : passive aggressiveness . 
  probably way more passive than aggressive , but your joke is n't * that * far off the mark . 
  hahaha , yeah , that about sums it up . 
  i left a list of how the original author defined the concept in response to a comment above yours , so instead of repeating myself i 'll try to give you an example . 
  the best way i can describe it is that it makes you wary of bragging about success or skill , because deep down you know that you are n't ( or at least should n't appear to be ) better than anyone else . 
  it kind of keeps people humble , but it 's more of a societal thing rather than a personal attribute . 
  but of course there are people all over the spectrum of this . 
  we , too , have people who brag endlessly about how successful they are etc. 
  haha , i was wondering why my comment was getting downvoted . 
  should have known . 
  yeah , that one and `` tall poppy syndrome '' ( which i think is a thing in australia and new zealand , if i remember what i read correctly ) were the main concepts i saw that surprised me by being very similar to jantelagen . 
  originally it was a set of ten `` laws '' of social interaction , written down in the 30s . 
  however , nowadays i feel that it 's more of a general concept .
