  i remember going to germany as a kid . 
  i loved it there - i 've been there many times since as well , wonderful country - but the absolutely worst part of it was when i had to tag along with my dad on his booze run there . 
  so i sympathize . 
  it 's not exactly the best representation of a country . 
  do they have the best man tradition in china ? 
  i would have imagined the wedding traditions to be different there . 
  do n't know how , exactly , but best men seem very western to me . 
  interesting . 
  whenever i think i 've got a handle on how independent the countries in the uk are , one wrench or another is thrown in the works . 
  is n't going from one country within the uk to another considered going abroad ? 
  if i were to visit northern ireland , scotland , england and wales , i 'd definitely consider that a four-country trip . 
  likewise , in my mind i 've only ever been to england , not `` the uk '' . 
  i mean , i get that it does n't feel like going * that far * abroad . 
  i imagine that it 's similar to how going to another nordic country ( at least a mainland one ) barely feels like a trip to another country . 
  but i still count them if asked how many countries i 've visited , like here in this thread . 
  i 've been to and stayed in finland , norway , denmark , germany , italy , greece and belgium . 
  i 've also driven through austria , with only a short half-day stay in salzburg . 
  it 's not really comparable to the others , but i 've technically * been * there . 
  out of all of these countries , finland , germany and italy are those i 've been to the most ( excluding those times when i 've only driven through denmark and not stayed there for an actual vacation ) . 
  surprise , surprise : i 'm half-finnish , half-german . 
  dammit !, 
  even when i put all of the joking aside about not understanding danish and actually * try * to understand what you say , * i still do n't understand danish !, 
  * :d i just now discovered that r\u00f8dgr\u00f8d is n't , actually , `` r\u00f6d gr\u00f6t '' ( `` red porridge '' ) . 
  i 've thought that for years . 
  i 've abhorred porridge since i was a wee boy so i did n't get why you seemed to like it so much . 
  looking into the dish more , i actually discovered that i used to eat it a lot as a kid . 
  really liked it , never knew it was danish . 
  good on you , neighbor . 
  i did n't like it when i was a kid , but my dad did and whenever he 'd buy a big bag of pick-and-mix for the family he 'd always pick a lot of salty licorice . 
  the result was that * everything * in the bag tasted salty , even when it was n't supposed to . 
  i eventually grew to like it out of necessity . 
  yeah , we have it in swedish as well . 
  that 's ... wow . 
  crazy . 
  what 's to feel ? 
  i do n't care that much . 
  happy for the french , assuming there 's no `` we could spend money on much better things '' animosity against it . 
  on the other hand , paris is paris and i would guess that they already have a lot of the stadiums etc for an olympics . 
  they hopefully should n't have to spend too much money on construction and can just enjoy the games themselves . 
  hahaha , yeah , that would be an interesting read indeed . 
  not really , no . 
  only the occasional drunk people who sometimes feel obliged to comment on my weight in weird ways . 
  but it 's not like they are yelling obscenities at me . 
  it 's nowhere near what people from different ethnicities or sexualities may experience . 
  the 2003 iraq war was ( or at least started ) almost 15 years ago so i think the syllabus should have been updated by now , but i do n't have any kids so i do n't have any actual insight into what is taught at school today . 
  i do n't know about a single historical event , but i would have liked to learn more about sami history and culture . 
  the state 's historical treatment of them is pretty grim and does n't exactly paint the government in the best of lights , but i knew next to nothing about them after leaving school . 
  they lived up north and had reindeer , that was pretty much it . 
  it was only as an adult that i 1 ) began looking into it a bit on my own , and 2 ) there began to be a bit of sami representation in the media , which has shed a little bit of light on things . 
  looking outside of sweden i have to agree with a lot of the other posters that more information regarding the yugoslavian wars would have been nice . 
  even if i 'm old enough for that to have been difficult in practice , since the wars where fought when i was still in school . 
  but hopefully today 's children learn more about it . 
  same here . 
  i 'm 30 and it 's that wonderful age where i was too young to follow what happened in real time , but too old for it to seep into my later education properly . 
  it 's pretty annoying , since it feels like such an important part of europe 's recent history . 
  every time i try to look into it myself , it just seems to become more and more complicated and i ca n't make heads or tails of it . 
  maybe i 'll look for that bbc documentary that i saw u/mbtiandchill mention . 
  it 's kinda like ice hockey . 
  you can goof around on the ice or with an american football , but actually getting into the sport requires quite a commitment due to the gear that 's required . 
  contrast that to goofing around with a soccer ball - that * is * soccer . 
  you do n't really need anything else . 
  so : i 've had an american football in my hand and thrown it around ( in gym class ) , but nothing more advanced than that . 
  i do n't really keep track of people 's religion . 
  it 's usually not something that just casually comes up in conversation and i do n't feel like prying , so i would n't know . 
   it 's just an overdramatization of what * is * and what * is n't * what do you mean ? 
  he certainly has a very american perspective on some things , like service . 
  the lack of `` american-quality service '' tends to be something that he mentions a lot whenever he 's in europe , which can be a little grating at times , if you do n't mind the service we have here , but overall i really like him . 
  he seems to genuinely like and be excited to share his impressions of all of the places he 's talking about . 
  i follow too many to mention , but i 'll highlight a few of them : * [ woltersworld ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucfr3sz2t3bdp6cux08b93kq ) : mark wolters with family travels the world and gives advice on what to do or not to do , what to eat and what he loves and hates about the countries and cities he visits . 
  it 's really good if you 're into that kind of thing . 
  * [ postmodern jukebox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucoriet1hk6tybuntexsgulg ) : a cover band that remakes hits as '20s jazz or '70s funk , that kind of stuff . 
  my favorite youtube cover band . 
  * [ jackson crawford ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucxcxnfxw6iq-mh4uijyvufg ) : american professor in scandinavian studies that does videos on all things norse , from mythology to language . 
  if you are interested in vikings and stuff , that 's the channel for you . 
  * [ history respawned ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucyx1mpzxoboxcyzo2cwmdza ) : a couple of historians who invites other historians to discuss various games . 
  i 've mostly gone over to their soundcloud of the same name , but if you want some visuals along with the discussion the youtube channel is still great . 
  * [ do n't trust the rabbit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc1-mpig20o6kzsu1i5slxpq ) : a german doing videos about german culture . 
  * [ braincraft ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uct_t6fwnsqr3wwol6dfqg9w ) : a channel that delves into psychology in an interesting and easy-to-digestible way . 
  the cheese ? 
  i must have forgotten that part , because i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  :d speaking of canada , by the way : how well-known is the canadian french accent ( s ) in france ? 
  is it possible that that is why it sounded weird - possible french canadian voice actors ? 
  the reason i 'm asking is that i recently found out that some finnish-swedish ( swedish-finnish ? 
  the swedish that is spoken in finland ) accents sound completely unintelligible to me . 
  if one of those swedish-finns vo 'd let 's say a game and the dev tried to pass it off as swedish i would be confused as f ** k , even if it 's technically correct . 
  and that 's still people coming from our closest neighbor . 
  is canadian french as foreign to you ? 
  hm , i 've never thought of them as having that much darker features than anyone else . 
  still , i guess i see your point , especially if they call themselves something similar . 
  am i right to assume that the voice actors are americans trying to put on a french accent rather than french themselves ? 
  because those kinds of imitations almost never sounds natural . 
  to outsiders maybe ( like me , who did n't notice anything wrong ) , but i can understand if a native speaker notices the mistakes and find them annoying . 
  i see . 
  thanks for explaining it . 
  how does heat factor into planes taking off ? 
  pardon my ignorance if it shows through in this question , but is it still so tense between you guys that people do n't want to reveal where they come from ? 
  obviously there 's a lot of history between both the english and the irish and ireland and northern ireland , and i can understand if there is maybe some lingering animosity against the governments , but i would n't have thought that there were significant tensions between individuals of those countries . 
  sure , if you begin discussing stuff and have very different opinions , but `` i 'm wary of people hearing where i 'm from '' seems like a whole other level of tension . 
  or do i misunderstand something here ? 
  why ?
