  in that case i would suggest looking into taking a train between your destinations and trying to go through switzerland that way . 
  it might be hard if you decide on barcelona , but probably not impossible if you go with berlin and rome . 
  it might be a little finicky since i assume that the direct route would be berlin-austria-rome , but with a little planning in advance and maybe a teeny tiny bit of train switching i would n't be surprised if you * can * go via switzerland . 
  it 's not like it 's crazily out of the way . 
  maybe you could even stay there for a while , just locking your stuff in some safety locker and taking a day there exploring whatever city you land in , before continuing on to rome ? 
  it would be a long day , for sure , but maybe it could be worth it if it 's a destination you really want to visit . 
  that way you 'd still only loose one day to travel , despite seeing two new countries . 
  even if you do n't stay in switzerland , taking the train through the country would probably allow you to at least see how beautiful i 've heard it to be . 
  i enjoy driving through europe and i assume that seeing it through a train window would be a pretty similar ( and enjoyable ) experience . 
  just some food for thought . 
  i 'll let people from the respective countries give you more details/information about them and where to go etc , but i 'll say this : three countries in 10-14 days seems like a lot . 
  granted , i 'm a lazy traveler who prefers to just relax when i 'm abroad and not run around doing stuff , but i would still recommend that you think it through an extra time . 
  maybe just take berlin and rome , and allow yourself the time to really experience those cities ? 
  it 's by no means an objectively better plan , but it 's what i would do . 
  either way , happy honeymoon !, 
  hope you have a lovely trip !, 
  yeah , but i feel like the language can become a little stilted if you use those kinds of neutral expressions . 
  i feel like hen is pretty stilted as well for the moment , but that will probably change over time as it becomes more and more accepted . 
  yeah , i think opponents to the term have n't been in a lot of possible situations where it can be really useful . 
  even among people who like the term there 's no real agreement around where it 's most useful ; the right answer probably being , `` in a lot of different situations !, 
  good suggestion . 
  too good . 
  i really should have remembered that term myself , but i 'll blame it on only ever using `` laptop '' myself . 
  the finnish one . 
  they almost became one ( had a german king lined up and all ) after they became independent in 1917 , but decided against it when germany 's loss in ww1 a year later suddenly made the would-be king politically uncrownable . 
  i feel that they deserve a second chance at it . 
  i 'm not aware of any current words that has n't caught on , but i do have a story in a similar vein . 
  way back in the day - the 60s or thereabouts - swedish academics were trying to solve the problem of swedish not having a gender neutral pronoun . 
  it 's a hassle if you have to write a lot of stuff that does n't separate men and women . 
  you either have to go with either the male or female pronoun as standard or write something along the lines of `` he/she '' constantly . 
  so they wanted a word that you could use regardless of the gender of the people you were talking about . 
  they suggested * hen * , since it sounds pretty similar to both he ( * han * ) and she ( * hon * ) in swedish . 
  wonderful idea , but it did n't catch on . 
  for a long time it would have been a great example for this thread . 
  but no !, 
  a few years ago there was a push from the swedish non-binary community to come up with a word that could be used to talk either about people who did n't identify as either male or female , or just about people in general so that you did n't always have to run the risk of misgendering someone . 
  since * hen * is a fairly logical word to use for such a purpose , given how our language works , they too came up with it . 
  independently from the earlier academics . 
  there was a push for the word , and a pretty significant push back from people who thought that this was it , oh my god , gender is dead . 
  turns out it was n't . 
  despite a lot of pretty annoying discussions , the word has caught on . 
  not with anyone , but it 's common enough that people will know what you mean if you use it . 
  as time goes on it will probably become more and more mainstream , and i would n't be surprised if the next generation of kids grow up seeing it as completely normal . 
  so i guess that the lesson here is to not give up on words . 
  they might just catch on at a later date !, 
  i hate when that happens . 
  you * know * that there ought to be a word for something , but it just sounds wrong . 
  so very annoying . 
  haha , i 've never even heard a swedish equivalent to laptop . 
  i guess it would be `` kn\u00e4dator '' , which just sounds like your knees are the computer . 
  which would be pretty neat , though . 
  not gon na lie . 
  just sit down and type away . 
  air smacker ? 
  hahaha , love it !, 
  i like the word for pop-up . 
  i guess it means `` intrusive window '' ? 
  in that case it 's pretty spot on , no ? 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  huh . 
  til . 
  but what would happen if you stopped paying it now ? 
  i can see the value of it back in the day , but i do n't see what you get out of it nowadays . 
  you do ? 
  why ? 
  been there , done that , i feel . 
  did n't end well . 
  do n't want a sequel . 
  i agree that it would be cool with food meanings , but i fear that it would n't improve people 's perception of swedish cuisine . 
  `` they have mustard with their blueberries !? 
  crazy northerners ... '', 
  it 's strange . 
  being `` flag color buddies '' should n't really be a thing ... but it totally is . 
  just seeing fans rock yellow and blue makes me weirdly happy , regardless of what team they 're cheering for . 
  i remember a russian goalkeeper in handball that i really loved . 
  must have been in the early 2000s . 
  i have this memory of him always playing in grey sweatpants and just seeming really chill , but when the match started he was always a beast in front of the net . 
  absolutely superb goalie . 
  ca n't remember his name , though . 
  edit : i think it was andrej lavrov . 
  other than that i mainly think of teams of players that i really respect . 
  russians in ice hockey , norwegians in cross country skiing , germans in football . 
  i guess i could pick out individual favorites from those teams , but honestly all of them have so many great athletes that i rather just pick the teams themselves . 
  i think that the main thing is to not get your news from one source constantly , but to read a large assortment of newspapers with different viewpoints . 
  i try to do that with swedish news . 
  with international news its a little more difficult since i ca n't be arsed to read * several * british newspapers and * several * american ones . 
  on the other hand , there are a lot more international papers available , so if you keep your ear to the ground you pick up a lot of angles automatically . 
  if there 's a big enough story i will actively try and read up on it from different sources , but for the day-to-day stuff i mainly read the ny times and the guardian . 
  you just have to be aware of their biases , just as with every news source . 
  really ? 
  * shakes head * that sounds like the reverse of our situation , where people were complaining about the refugees costing money and then lighting refugee arrival facilities on fire , costing everyone even more money but without any humanitarian upside . 
  copying how natives speak is literally how you learn a language . 
  there is no objective english free from any accent that you can learn , so you choose one style of english and try to mimic how it sounds . 
  the british way of speaking english is what is taught in most schools around the world , so if someone `` fools '' you they are not posers , just very good learners . 
  it 's really not different from an immigrant loosing their accent and speaking american english after having moved to the us . 
  foreigners speaking british english is just more noticeable to you because the accent they have acquired through their education is different from your own . 
  yes , occasionally . 
  i 'm too used to them to really be bothered by them ( and i 've also lived just above the church whose bells i hear now , so the current noise is n't that bad , comparatively ) . 
  but if you are not used to them and come here then they might be a bit more annoying ( or at least noticeable ) . 
  but it 's not like they ring every hour .
