  we had an even odder system that messed up our censuses , so the king ( or whoever ) changed the system to what we have today . 
  the polish language also has a fondness for all the letters in the alphabet that we swedes do n't use , or at least do n't really differentiate between . 
  see : [ this tongue twister ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chrz%c4%85szcz ) . 
  it would basically just be one long `` s '' sound if i tried to pronounce it . 
  when i listen to the audio clip of someone pronouncing it correctly , it just sounds like someone 's rewinding a tape . 
  i love it . 
  i do n't know . 
  it 's difficult to say . 
  while me and my friends can tease each other at times , i find it hard to compare whether we do that more than people from spain since i do n't know how much you do so . 
  what i can say is that i know some danes tend to consider us swedes `` too political correct '' every now and again , because we get offended more easily and tend to be more careful with what we say . 
  perhaps the rawer humor is something that 's more true of them than of us ? 
  but i do n't know ; it 's not really an impression i 've gotten of them . 
  i doubt that rich and powerful people would have any problems getting a visa to visit europe . 
  i 'm not sure it would even inconvenience them . 
  the ones it would probably hit harder are young people who are travelling for the first time , trying to broaden their horizons . 
  that would be a shame . 
  either way , i do n't like the idea of punishing the american people ( rich or poor ) for the trump administration '' s faults . 
  it 's also a bit counterproductive to answer a ban on people from certain countries with a semi-ban on people from the us . 
  you might still have the high ground overall , but you find yourself standing on a significantly smaller hill . 
  sweden is in a kind of weird position . 
  i 'm not really scared of russia invading us , per se , but if they do something in the baltic region then that 's probably going to drag both us and finland into the conflict whether we want to or not . 
  it could also escalate quickly , with people here agreeing that joining nato seems like a brilliant idea and russia seeing that as a provocation , and ... ugh . 
  just do n't invade anyone else , m ` kay ? 
  it 's just going to mess stuff up that does n't need messing up . 
  also quit with the propaganda and hacking . 
  no , that 's a really bad idea . 
  i actually think that at least sweden would need a good and fairly strong centrist party , so that the right can be right and the left can be left - without anyone going overboard in any direction . 
  the main rightwing party realized , when they lost power a couple of years ago , that they had strayed to far to the center . 
  unfortunately , they learned the wrong lesson from that and took a hard turn to the far right . 
  i really do n't want the social democrats to do the same in reverse . 
  i just want them to become leftist again . 
  less incompetent would also be nice , but i miss actual social democratic politic . 
  it just seems like they 're constantly dancing after the right 's tune , just coming up with slightly watered down version of their opponents ' usually horrible suggestions . 
  i agree . 
  i feel that sweden shares a lot of the traits that are generally considered japanese . 
  although , on the other hand , certain other aspects of their culture seem extremely alien to me . 
  it would be interesting to go there some day , to see which feeling would dominate : sameness or foreignness . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i saw someone else from spain say the same thing . 
  it 's kinda funny , i would n't have thought that our two cultures would share this trait . 
  we tend to be stereotyped a bit like the socially introverted people up north , while i feel that spanish people get pretty much the opposite stereotype . 
  i 've always felt that it has been * jantelagen * that has earned us that stereotype , so it 's pretty fascinating to see that people with a very different stereotype also follow the same thinking . 
  thanks !, 
  i love the traditional sami clothes . 
  they 're stunning . 
  i think that the different groups of sami have different traditional clothes , but this [ red and blue ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/72/sami_clothing_1.jpg ) type is the one i generally associate with those living in northern sweden . 
  i also have a soft spot for traditional bavarian clothing . 
  they may not be the most beautiful clothes i know of , but they always make me smile . 
  being at a big party where everyone dresses up is wonderful . 
  unfortunately , i had a hard time finding pictures of them . 
  whenever i googled `` dirndl '' , i just found a lot of americans wearing sort of sexy halloween variants of them . 
  but i think that [ this ] ( http://gapa-guide.de/wp-content/uploads/gansens.jpg ) shows them rather well . 
  yeah , if i understood it correctly the first game and the first book sort of lined up , but then the two diverged from each other . 
  i might check out the books if i have the time , but generally i prefer to pick one adaption of stuff ( watching game of thrones , playing the witcher , reading the books by stephen king ) so that i can then move on to the next thing , rather than to be stuck having the `` same '' experience in different formats . 
  i get what you 're saying though . 
  books usually allow for more depth , which is very rarely a negative thing . 
  i do n't have a problem with the us and russia not being at each other 's throats , in principle . 
  that 's great ; that 's how it should be . 
  it would just be nice if that blossoming friendship could also result in less european countries being bullied by russia . 
  basically , if russia is rattling their sabres in eastern europe , telling russia `` we should all be friends '' is great . 
  saying `` you and me should be friends , i did n't like nato/eu anyway '' is significantly less so . 
  this is such utterly madness . 
  not only is it morally fucked up , but it does n't even set out to do what it is supposed to do . 
  it is so clearly targeted at islam , not terrorism . 
  not banning people from saudi arabia , but banning people from iran ? 
  now , obviously i do n't condone banning people from sa - that would be just as fucked up - but it 's hard to argue that parts of their royal family has n't played a prominent role when it comes to islamic extremism . 
  meanwhile , iran have n't . 
  horrible religious leadership , but their citizens do n't blow themselves up . 
  they belong to a completely different branch of islam than , say , is . 
  banning iranians makes no sense - but then again , so little of the executive order does . 
  this is the us at it 's ugliest . 
  i thought w. bush america was bad , but trump sure want to be remembered somehow in future textbooks . 
  well , assuming he does n't start burning them or something . 
  i 'm basically [ in the middle ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=-4.13&amp;soc=-6.1 ) of the left/libertarian square . 
  i guess that 's fairly accurate , even if i recognized the same problems with the questions that some other people have pointed out . 
  some are not even relevant for the political climate in sweden . 
  especially all of the sex stuff . 
  no one 's going to legislate against stuff done in private , so long as it 's all consensual . 
  same thing with the question about abortion : the opinion that it should be illegal unless the woman 's life is threatened is completely alien to the swedish political climate . 
  it 's an opinion that even our extremists would probably find extreme , so there is n't really any room to answer it in any other way than `` strongly disagree '' . 
  yes , but we do tend to be a bit more `` do n't stand too close to other people unless you really , really have to '' than people from other countries . 
  or so i 've heard . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  i love transhumanism when it 's done right . 
  can be really thought-provoking . 
  yeah , i liked the first season . 
  it has a certain rugged charm that really grew on me . 
  ah , the metro series !, 
  have n't read the books , but i love the games . 
  wonderful . 
   it 's not bad , but it 's somewhat `` detective heavy '' , if you know what i mean . 
  yeah , i think i understand what you mean based on the first episode . 
  could work , though , if it 's done well . 
  i 'm certainly not opposed to a mix of detective work and time travel . 
   sorry mate for using polish title . 
  no worries . 
  the original title only makes sense if you use the same system for marking dates as the us does . 
  there are lots of countries that does n't , and therefor need to change the title somehow . 
  it 's the same in sweden , where i think it 's called `` 22/11 -63 '' ( although i read the book in english , so i 'm not sure ; but it 's how we would arrange the date ) . 
  thanks for the tips , much appreciated !,
