  oh yes . 
  such a shame that he was n't a woman or that i was n't gay . 
  compliments like that deserves a better fate . 
  yeah . 
  but it was up and about the next morning , after having slept it all off . 
  that would be awesome . 
  i have trouble walking , so going out and voting is a hassle . 
  luckily enough i live just beside the place where i vote , so it 's not as bad as it could be , but i really try to do as much i can over the internet . 
  it depends a little on how you define it . 
  the last few years joiking - the traditional sami way of singing - has had a bit of a popular resurgence in sweden . 
  however , from what i understand that is more a way of making sounds ( like yodeling ) and is n't actually something sung in their language . 
  so i 'm not sure if that counts or not . 
  my computer broke down a year and a half ago , and i did n't have the means to replace it for about a year . 
  that was extremely frustrating , because i 'm kind of confined to my apartment for health reasons . 
  my only contact with the outside world was through a phone with a broken screen , which was frustrating as hell . 
  as time went on it became more manageable , but i do n't ever want to go through that again . 
  right ? 
  how do other people slice cheese ? 
  every conceivable way seem barbaric to me . 
  i 've never heard that claim before . 
  people who do n't like middle easterners probably would n't like mexicans either . 
  me , i do n't really care . 
  i certainly see no need to swap the two . 
  that said , i 've largely had positive experiences with the latin american swedes i 've met ( mainly from chile or chilean parents ) , so i would n't oppose them coming in addition to muslims . 
  they make good music and , from what i 've heard , food , so it could be interesting . 
  surprise gender reveal is kind of a superpower i have . 
  probably got bitten by a radioactive girl when i was a kid . 
  * swoons * however , you 're still well behind the older gentleman who said he was a poet , a journalist and a painter , and would immortalize me in his words and his art . 
  it did n't work because i do n't swing that way , but i still remember that after all these years because the attempt was awesome . 
  there was that time when [ a drunk moose got stuck in a tree , climbing after apples ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4w-elx9iksq ) . 
  i 've found that more guys hit on me than women , which , being a guy myself , feels a bit odd . 
  do n't know if that means women are more picky or that guys just do n't have any standards at all . 
  i suspect it 's the latter . 
  ca n't really speak for my own family , since 1 ) a lot of that generation just was n't around when i grew up ( for various reasons ) , and 2 ) the part of my family that stuck around and that i 'm closest to , is german . 
  but i 've never encountered any ill will against germans ( other than perhaps jokingly so ) , although discussions about germany and germans perhaps are n't that common overall . 
  huh , interesting . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
   `` yes '' and `` no '' ( which gaelic does n't have ) what ? 
  how does that work ? 
  seem like pretty fundamental terms . 
  on the other hand , i know of languages that does n't have words for `` left '' and `` right '' and manage just fine , so i guess everything 's possible . 
  even if it is surprising . 
  visby on the island of gotland has a `` medieval week '' once every year where they go all out on reenacting stuff from that time , culminating in a tourney . 
  that 's the only thing i know that 's famous throughout sweden . 
  might be more local stuff going on elsewhere . 
   there could be more ( read : at least some ) benefits i remember serving along members of the military police who were pretty annoyed that nothing they learned translated into civil life . 
  they had to have civilian police training , as well as go to civilian law school , basically just relearning what they 'd already learned in the military . 
  obviously there is a point to educating former military police officers about `` regular '' police protocols so they do n't act like military personnel when out on patrol etc , but there really could have been a better solution than having a whole year 's education go to complete waste . 
  on the other hand , me learning how to operate military radios did n't exactly translate into valuable civilian skills either , so ... * shrugs *, 
  i see no reason why not . 
  the military will weed out everyone ( male or female ) unfit for it , either before or during the service . 
  as long as you pass the initial tests there 's no reason why gender should decide what tasks you do . 
  the cultural year sounds like a really interesting idea . 
  i like it . 
  that reminds me of how some restaurants operate , but i have n't seen that model in stores . 
  the way at least grocery stores try to eliminate lines are through self-checkouts . 
  you take a scanner as you walk in , scan your stuff and put it back , and then pay for everything by yourself . 
  easy peasy . 
  i have some stuff that 's preventing me from doing the whole , regular easter shebang of having a big meal with the entire family , but i 've invited my mother over for some easter * fika * ( coffee and sweets ) . 
  we 'll see if we end up having some kind of easter meal as well . 
  probably depends on when she comes over . 
  but generally the whole family gathers for a big meal . 
  meatballs , a type of small sausages , a variety of pickled herrings with sour cream and chives , eggs , boiled potatoes , and a bunch of other stuff . 
  good times . 
  otherwise the biggest tradition is for children to dress up as * p\u00e5skk\u00e4rringar * , or easter witches , and go around knocking on doors asking for candy . 
  kind of like your halloween , but with a pretty specific costume that every kid dress up as , rather than a wide assortment of costumes . 
  also no trick or treating ; it 's all treats here . 
  :d that probably happened yesterday , though . 
  if i remember correctly . 
  i live behind a code-locked door , so there are no kids coming by here . 
  when i was a kid , my parents would usually give me and my little sister a big paper egg full of candy . 
  when we where really young we 'd have to search for it after our parents had hidden it somewhere in the garden . 
  these specific traditions has fallen away now that we 're adults ( since neither i or my sister have children of our own ) , but easter is still very much a holiday full of candy for everyone involved . 
  i 'm not familiar with argos or how they operate , so i 'm not really sure what you mean . 
  with the exception of * hasselbackspotatis * , which was mentioned by / u/amplome , i 'm not really aware of americans eating swedish food . 
  it would be meatballs , but that 's mainly bought from ikea which is a swedish company . 
  i 'm not aware of american ikea stores somehow bastardizing meatballs , even if i feel that it 's a little bit weird that we 're gastronomically represented by a furniture company in the first place . 
  the one thing i can come up with is people ( not specifically americans ) eating surstr\u00f6mming like they 've never eaten fish before . 
  i have no personal connection of the dish or its traditional preparation so i do n't care too much , but seeing people gobble it down without de-boning it or removing the scales ... that 's just strange . 
  like eating oranges without peeling them first , or pasta without boiling it , and then complaining about the taste . 
  yes and yes . 
  i use it all the time . 
  how i use it has changed a bit over time - when i first started ( many , many years ago ) i was writing news stories for a video game website and used twitter as a way of keeping up with the news . 
  after that gig ended and i no longer needed to keep up with the news as much , i switched over to using it as more of a social platform . 
  i have a lot of friends in the gaming community there . 
  that 's generally where i talk with them , while facebook ( to me ) is more of a `` people i 've met irl '' network that does n't include too many of my `` digital buddies '' . 
  this is how i still use twitter , generally speaking , even though i also follow some people for their interesting points of view or as a gateway to news i would n't otherwise see . 
  i do n't know what kind of work you do , but if you do have a community that you want to talk to i do recommend twitter . 
  you do n't necessarily need to market it aggressively or consciously build a large twitter following , but it is an easy way for people to ask you questions or otherwise interact with you . 
  for example : i was talking to a friend about a coming tv show that we were excited to see , and he just quickly added in a couple of swedish streaming services to ask them to pick it up when it comes . 
  two of them responded that they 'd look into it , which feels like a small victory that we would n't have gotten had it not been for them being easily accessed on twitter . 
  same thing with game companies : you can ask them things easier over twitter than via email or however else you 'd contact them . 
  ca n't remember ever meeting any russians , so i do n't have any particular opinion of them one way or the other . 
  but i certainly do n't have any problems with them . 
  because basically everything in the genre is set in the us ( or , alternatively , somewhere unconnected to our world ) . 
  having a game set in russia , even if it was mostly just in the subway system , was something i had n't seen before . 
  i thought it was really cool . 
   metro 2033 totally agree . 
  it was such a refreshing take on the post-apocalyptical genre . 
  how do you feel about the sequel ?
