  i would love for swedish to have the same global reach as english , instead of it only being understood by about 10 million people . 
  i would love either a swedish or a european equivalent to hollywood - or the american entertainment industry in general , really . 
  it would be kind of cool if the next ww2 video game followed a french resistance fighter , for example . 
  or to see a big blockbuster finnish fantasy epic . 
  stuff like that . 
  i really like american culture a lot of the time , but it can also be pretty smothering , in different ways . 
  it 's really hard to compete . 
  and it 's * definitely * not something that we could simply adopt for ourselves . 
  it 's way more complex than that . 
  * dons orange baseball cap * make bison mate again !, 
  seriously , though , that 's really cool . 
  i think citizenship brings with it more privileges and responsibilities than you give it credit for . 
  voting is a massive privilege in and of itself , while conscription ( for example ) is a responsibility . 
  it would be absurd for sweden to be able to conscript foreigners just because they 've lived here for a while , and i think it would be equally bewildering for non-swedes to vote in our elections . 
  in other words , imposing the responsibilities of citizenship without granting the privileges would be as wrong as granting the privileges without demanding the responsibilities in turn . 
  yes , the eu allows its citizens to move and work freely within the union , but if a person moves somewhere and do n't become a citizen there , then that 's a choice they make which has certain consequences . 
  at the end of the day the buck kind of stops with that person , since they could have stayed in their country of origin where they do have full citizen rights and can participate in the political process . 
  i certainly do n't think there should be any undue * hurdles * for someone who 's lived and worked in a country for a long time to become a citizen of that country , but until they do i see no reason to grant them access to the political system . 
  hahaha , look at that . 
   i probably should have clarified that my astonishment was due to it happening in stockholm . 
  i 'm not as surprised when it happens in dalarna or even further north . 
  i remember seeing snow on the ground when i was in s\u00e4len in june as a teenager . 
  not a lot - nothing like in those pictures - but it still felt pretty odd . 
  why would n't you just become a citizen in the country you 've lived in for years on end , especially if you want to vote there ? 
  i do n't really see why there is a need to change it so that they can vote regardless of citizenship . 
  even if you speak a smaller language there 's reason to be vary in the uk . 
  i remember being in london with a friend when i was 12 or 13 , and we were joking around just like that , in swedish . 
  for some reason we finally shut up while taking a lift , only to discover that the person next to us was a swede as well when we got to the bottom floor and he greeted his family there . 
  that could have gotten * really * embarrassing . 
   i ca n't imagine london being less diverse now than 15 ( ish ) years ago , so i would n't dare to go around talking behind people 's backs now either . 
  i mean , not that i would anyway . 
  being a well-mannered adult and all . 
  really ? 
  huh . 
  i think april is the latest it 's been here in stockholm as far as i remember . 
  haha , fair enough . 
  i ca n't recall the last time it snowed in * may * , even if it , as you said , quickly melted away . 
  crazy . 
  yeah , that 's been my experience as well . 
  i do n't really consider myself a `` stockholmer '' , unless i speak with someone who has no idea what or where my suburb is , in which case stockholm is an easier answer . 
  but i ca n't imagine someone from stockholm proper getting mad at me for calling myself a stockholmer , should i ever do that in front of them . 
  i see no reason why gays should be denied any rights whatsoever , so i 'd do my best to either add them in to stuff ( let 's say anti-discrimination laws , so that they can not be discriminated against ) or just scrub sexuality from existing laws ( such as making marriage a union between two people rather than between a man and a woman ) . 
  most of these things have already happened in sweden and i just use them as examples of what kind of changes i 'd do . 
  in terms of concrete changes of my own ... i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i remember a gay relative having problems getting a child on her own . 
  something about artificial insemination , i think . 
  i do n't know if that had anything to do with her being gay , per se , but that 's the only thing i can think of right now that i 'd look at . 
  otherwise i 'm not aware of gays being legally discriminated against . 
  i think that the problem here is more on an individual level , with some people being varying kinds of assholes against sexual minorities . 
  so that is something i would try to combat ... somehow . 
  if someone thinks these words are obsolete , then * they * are the uncool ones !, 
  i love using older words . 
  i feel like i 've watched too much youtube when i instinctively know not just the subject matter but the actual video just from that one sound you made . 
  until europe gets its act together and starts learning swedish en masse it 's kind of nice to be able to speak to people who do n't speak our teeny tiny language . 
  it 's an absolute necessity , so i do n't really mind it even if i can sometimes feel that it 's a shame that swedish ca n't be used in the same way/can ' t reach as many people . 
  it 's especially noticeable in more niche areas , where the swedish market is n't strong enough to sustain you . 
  you either have to write in english to begin with or have your work translated , but either way your swedish thoughts will never reach an international audience untouched . 
  edit : spelling . 
  you 're absolutely right about the cows , but there were actually * a lot * of wild boars in berlin when i was there . 
  not in the thick of things , naturally , but out in the suburbs surrounding the city . 
  i was just walking through a park and happened upon one just a couple of meters away , and then saw a whole family of them a day or so later . 
  they seemed to be really common - much , much more so than they/animals like them are in sweden ( or finland , presumably ) . 
  i was n't there long enough to get a definitive grasp of exactly how common they are , but the people i spoke with seemed to view them similarly to how i grew up viewing roe deer - animals that are just there , out and about , not quite tame but fairly comfortable around people . 
  it was a pretty cool experience . 
  interesting !, 
  thanks for all of the info !, 
  funny fact : the current lead investigator ( since the murder is still unsolved there 's technically a low-intensity search still going on ) is named krister peterson . 
  i choked on my morning coffee when i read that at the end of last year , because a ) christer pettersson was the lead suspect for a long while , and b ) he 's been dead for over a decade . 
  i had to reread the article a bunch of times and then google the whole thing to understand what was going on . 
  i remember being pretty annoyed that the article did n't clarify that the prime suspect had n't risen from his grave to hunt for the real killer . 
  in 9999 cases out of 10 000 that 's not something you have to clarify in a newspaper - * but this was that one time !, 
  i do n't know exactly how culturally different the people who speak elfdalian are compared to the rest of sweden , but i find the dialect/language of theirs to be pretty fascinating . 
  and definitely very different from standard swedish . 
  just to add a bit to the comprehensive list you gave . 
  so you scotsmen use * craic * as well ? 
  i 've only ever heard it used by irishmen before . 
  i 'm kind of intrigued now . 
  i generally hear that `` austrians speak like bavarians '' ( or the other way around ) . 
  would you say that is still true , to some extent , or are those people ( who say that ) more likely to just think of the people you mentioned , who * you * think speak like bavarians , despite them not necessarily being representative of the rest of austria ? 
  it got a bit complicated in that last sentence , but hopefully you get the question . 
  i kind of lol at the idea of the french holding out on the crepes until they win the presidency . 
  from what i can gather , bison ( in swedish ) refers to the american animal , while visent refers to the one over here . 
  i had however not heard of visent before today either , but i initially had a hard time finding any information about bison in europe . 
  it was only after i switched term that i got results . 
  so i guess that 's the name of we 're using ? 
  hahaha . 
  perhaps true to some extent , but i 'm not sure if anyone would see me as either exotic or aristocratic after hearing me speak . 
  in fact , i remember another brit saying in another discussion that we swedes sometimes came across as a bit weird to him , since we do n't conform to either british or american english ( instead mixing expressions wildly as we go ) . 
  that 's how i feel , so it seemed like a pretty apt description of us . 
  cool !, 
   i also realized that they are n't commonly known as bison ( but * visent * ) in swedish , which might be why i missed it . 
  dogs might be our best friends , but they 're not always our smartest . 
  :p yeah , i saw boars on two occasions . 
  one lone adult up close as i was walking through a park , and then a mother with all of her piglets in tow . 
  sooooooo cute !, 
  another reason to go to poland !, 
  i did n't even know we 'd had them to begin with . 
  now i 'm happy . 
  i hope they recover well !, 
  i was actually really impressed with your wild boars when i was in berlin last time ( which must have been ... oh , wow , quite a while ago ) .
