  english occupies a sort of weird place where i 've continually learned it for 20 years or so , but live in a societal context that does n't require me to fully use it . 
  i therefore do n't really know to what extent i actually know the language ( even if i do know that my reading/writing/listening skills are much better than my ability to speak english ) . 
  i 'm `` fluent '' in the contexts in which i use english in my everyday life , but i do n't use english in the same contexts as i do swedish . 
  that makes it difficult to really gauge my total overall proficiency . 
  i probably ca n't make such a determination until i move to an english-speaking country ( should that ever happen ) . 
  and lastly there 's german . 
  i learned it for seven or eight years in school and i have german family so i 've tried to keep it up since then , but i am by no means fluent in it . 
  i just realized that i have childhood memories of being better at english then than i am at german now , which seems pretty bizarre . 
  but i guess being bombarded with english media from an early age really does wonders for your understanding of the language , compared to the non-bombardment of german media . 
  but while i 'm not 100 % confident at speaking english since i so rarely do it , at a fundamental level i * can * speak english . 
  i really ca n't speak german . 
  i know a ton of german stuff - grammar , vocabulary etc - but i ca n't tie all of those parts together into sentences unhindered . 
  those three languages are the only ones i have formal training in , but then there 's norwegian and danish . 
  i do n't `` know '' either language - i have not training in then and certainly ca n't speak them - but i can still communicate with norwegians and danes due to the mutual intelligibility of our languages . 
  to some extent , at least . 
  so to sum it up : it 's a bit complicated , but at the end of the day there are two languages that i could hold a conversation in . 
  hear , hear !, 
  this , so much . 
  if people lived by the simple `` do n't be a dick '' rule , society would be so much better in so many different ways . 
   you ca n't blame the school for you exercising once a month . 
  i did play football on the side , but that 's a bit beside the point . 
  i feel that it leads into another discussion . 
  but i 'm not talking about holding the school responsible for what kids do or do not do on their free time . 
  my point is that if gym class only fosters an interest in exercise once a month or so , then gym class is n't working as well as it could should . 
  and if all of the other gym classes between those bright spots are filled with constant feelings of inadequacy , then yeah , i think there is - well , if not blame , then at least room for improvement . 
   no we do n't . 
  people are generally very healthy in todays society . 
  fat people are the exception not the rule . 
  theres so much healthy food available that you pretty much have to seek out the fatty and unhealthy foods to still be fat . 
  and yet shaming is still very much a thing , which is what we need to revamp . 
  yeah , that 's what threw me off a bit . 
  depending on the video i watched , how i viewed the language changed quite a bit . 
  from `` russian with a strange accent '' ( in the news ) to `` not sure how to place it , but pretty pleasant '' ( in some of the songs ) , and then finally to this ( where it might be the whole package that sounded arabic and not necessarily the language itself ) . 
  i 'm not here for political talks , but for cultural exchange . 
  i 'm not voicing displeasure with how things are here , just saying that i rarely see people expressing the viewpoints that some of my right-leaning friends do occasionally . 
  interesting that there is a sub dedicated to changing people 's minds , though . 
  might have to check it out just to see what 's going on there . 
   arabic i was thinking the same thing , especially in one of the songs . 
  in the end , though , i could n't really decide if it was the language or the music itself that reminded me of arabic . 
  but interesting to see other making the same connections . 
  huh , weird . 
  i find it hard to get a solid grasp on the language from the videos you linked to . 
  especially the first three or four all sound like they could be different languages . 
  the first one really sounded a bit like russian spoken in a much softer accent . 
  ( i 'm really bad at slavic languages , so they all usually just sound like `` different kinds of russian '' to me - sorry ! ) . 
  but the more videos i watched , the farther away the russian connection seemed to grow . 
  especially the songs sounded very different from russian to my ears . 
  i quite liked them , especially the folk song/duet . 
  i have a very hard time explaining exactly * why * , though . 
  me neither . 
  this . 
  i love the alps . 
  if it were up to me , i 'd simply stay in a small village close to them all week and just soak up the beautiful surroundings . 
  2 : what are you talking about ? 
  i tend to stick to askeurope , with small excursions out into other subs that are far less political ( like language learning ones or wholesome memes ) , so it 's a little difficult to answer . 
  i certainly ca n't say how reddit , as a whole , leans . 
  but askeurope feels quite leftist . 
  it does n't really reflect the conversations i have with friends in real life , who occasionally are way more right-leaning than people here generally seem to be . 
  i 'm not really here to have deep political conversations so it 's kind of refreshing to not be deeply challenged constantly , but if i did want deeper conversations i would probably miss the ones i have with the non-reddit friends i just mentioned . 
  those conversations tend to be very interesting because we , a bunch of friends who 're always respecting each other and keeping a constant civil tone , can challenge each other 's viewpoints in meaningful ways . 
  i have n't really had that experience here . 
   nano - hold on that was a song competing in melodifestivalen ? 
  had n't heard it before * k\u00e4rleksmanifestationen * , but i really like it . 
  certainly much more than bengtsson 's . 
  yeah , this could so easily have spiraled out of control into something really ugly . 
  instead , the complete opposite . 
  i 'm so impressed and really , really happy , despite the enormous sadness i feel for the victims and their loved ones . 
  right back at you . 
   london was lifted up as a prime example of how to act after such a terrible thing . 
  i 'm glad we could follow in your footsteps . 
  maybe you can into nordics after all . 
   for some reason all of the `` alls\u00e5ng p\u00e5 skansen '' videos on youtube only show the `` artists sings alone '' songs and not the * alls\u00e5nger * that the show is named after , which is kind of annoying when trying to give an example of that very phenomena . 
  but yeah : * alls\u00e5ng * means something along the lines of `` songs sung by everyone '' , and every summer there are these huge televised gatherings at the skansen open air museum where artists and the audience sing together . 
  this is the only decent video i find of everyone actually singing together : [ kung f\u00f6r en dag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2agcjazvya ) by magnus uggla . 
  [ stockholm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3bqrzfio5ie ) . 
  a bit more [ perspective ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c8-kba4waaevs9r.jpg ) here . 
  i am so incredibly proud of my city right now . 
  i do n't think i 've never been more proud of anything in my life . 
  i have a weird relationship to both terms , since i am fat . 
  on the one hand , whenever i see fat shaming , i just shake my head . 
  it 's such an asshole thing to do , like most other shamings . 
  just do n't be a dick . 
  it 's perfectly good advice in all aspects of life , and it works beautifully here as well . 
  on the other hand , though , i 'm not quite down with fat acceptance either . 
  should society accept that fat people can live fully functional lives that they do n't need to be ashamed of ? 
  sure . 
  there comes a point where that 's not true anymore , but fat shaming starts * well * before that . 
  but beyond that , i really do n't think that we as a society need to `` accept '' people being fat . 
  obesity is something we should work against as a society , and fat acceptance sometimes seems like a roadblock there . 
  that said , i still do n't necessarily think that people who advocate for fat acceptance are wrong . 
  i know for experience that there is a sort of low-intensity shaming going on of even moderately chubby kids . 
  it 's not the direct fat shaming , which i have n't experienced much of , but a more general societal thing . 
  if you experience that as a kid it fucks up your self confidence in numerous ways . 
  i have literally no memories of a time when people were n't commenting on my weight in one way or another . 
  it was usually not in mean ways , but even `` helpful '' reminders that you 're fat and should work out more translates to `` not sufficiently attractive/athletic/whatever '' in a kid 's brain and fucks you up over time . 
  that shit needs to * stop * . 
  there has to be ways of combating obesity that does n't shame people . 
  maybe you increase taxes on sugar and decrease it on fruit and vegetables , i do n't know . 
  but bombarding young kids with the message that they 're fat and that fat is bad , is not productive . 
  that 's not to say that we should n't educate them about healthy living and eating - we most definitely should - but we need to rethink how we keep our children ( and everyone else ) healthy .
