  we only have a west coast in the southern third or so of the country , but it still faces west . 
  the south coast is even smaller , while the east coast is huge . 
  if you look at [ this map ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/map_of_sweden_cities_%28polar_stereographic%29_sv.png ) , the west coast stretches from the border to norway down through g\u00f6teborg / gothenburg and halmstad . 
  i 'm not entirely sure where exactly the switch to the south coast begins , but at the very least it stretches from trelleborg to karlskrona , where the east coast finally begins . 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  agreed . 
  i would love visiting , but it feels too isolated for me to be comfortable living there for long . 
  i do like living outside of big cities , but not too far away from them . 
  i do n't really associate it with the us . 
  the `` west coast '' , in a us sense , was mostly about rap beefs in the '90s . 
  however , i never got which rapper was from which coast , so it was kind of difficult to follow the rivalries and it all seemed pretty meaningless to me since people on both coasts were really talented . 
  :p i 'm aware of some of the cities on the us west ( and east ) coast , but i rarely think of them that way . 
  i do think of sweden in terms of east and west ( coasts ) , though . 
  both are very , very beautiful , for starters . 
  i live in stockholm on the east coast and love going to gothenburg on the west coast . 
  they seem to be even more into seafood than we are ( and we still really are ) , and their [ west coast salad ] ( http://www.swedishfood.com/swedish-food-recipes-starters/208-west-coast-salad ) is very famous . 
  i remember going to a seafood buffet when i was there last time : marvelous . 
  they also used to have a fantastic metal festival , metaltown , that i used to go to when i was younger . 
  several of my favorite concert memories come from seeing bands play at that festival . 
  gothenburg , in general , is a hub for swedish metal music . 
  they have their own sound , distinct from that which is found in ( for example ) stockholm . 
  and finally there 's a pretty significant difference in terms of who you typically view as our closest neighbor . 
  if you 're on the west coast , probably norwegians . 
  on the east coast , finns . 
  in the south , presumably danes . 
   cyprus  atleast your neighbours would n't be a cause for concern . 
  [ well ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus_dispute ), 
  * confused * `` landlocked ? 
  germany is n't landlocked . '', 
  * looks at video * `` ah , seems like the germans agree very loudly with me . '', 
  he played it off rather nicely , though . 
  i have no problem enjoying american ( or any country 's ) products as long as they are n't really connected to something i do n't like it that country 's politics . 
  i 'm not too up to date with regards to what 's happening in charlottesville since it 's currently ongoing , but i do n't think that any game or tv series would feel weird to play or watch due to it . 
  compare that to right after the iraq war in 2003 , where a lot of american tv shows became unbearable . 
  i remember loving jag before the war , but after the invasion they became so pro-war it was nauseating and i stopped watching . 
  i do n't really anticipate anything similar happen now - if anything i can feel that some american media fall squarely in the other category , being pretty anti-trump . 
  that is really the only change i 've noticed since the election . 
  but knowing charlottesville is happening wo n't change how i feel about game of thrones , for example , in any way . 
   storstr\u00f8msbrosekspropriationskommissionsmedlem . 
  that makes my head hurt . 
  i hate words like that , in swedish and any other language that has them . 
  the sweden democrats seem to be one big trash magnet . 
  the official party line is that they are not a bunch of racists , but someone really should send out a memo about that to its members because ... oh boy . 
  the [ most public example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iron_pipe_scandal ) , but far from the only one . 
  of the three i only really buy mustard . 
  i do n't ever buy ketchup and rarely mayonnaise . 
  the latter can be nice on certain sandwiches , but i make those so rarely that it 's often a waste to buy a tube of mayo for them . 
  but i do like mustard . 
  a lot . 
  i 'm not too faithful to any specific brand , instead buying different ones depending on what i want kind of mustard i want . 
  one brand i tend to gravitate towards is called [ johnny 's ] ( http://johnnys.se/ ) , though . 
  they have a fairly good selection of both basic mustard and a few more interestingly flavored ones . 
  they also have a really nice barbecue sauce with black garlic and chili that i really like . 
  but i while back i had immense cravings for dijon mustard and had to go looking at other brands . 
  i do n't remember which one i landed on , but i 'll recognize it the next time the cravings come because it was * good * . 
  it was a while since i really , properly utilized public transport due to a little bit of a health issue that makes taking trains/buses difficult , but i was very fond of it growing up . 
  so much so that i never even bother with getting a driver 's license . 
  the trains will take you to basically every area you want to go within stockholm , while buses can take you to specific places within these areas . 
  ca n't really ask for much more than that . 
  i certainly do n't dislike it . 
  some american accents stick out - i tend to like the accent of people from tennessee , for example - but generally they kind of form a baseline from which i judge other english accents . 
  if you take the accents of england , i can find them both more charming and annoying ( depending on accent ) than that american baseline . 
  but while i can differentiate between a lot of english accents , i am shit at actually placing them at specific locations . 
  if you look beyond the us and england , my ability to discern different accents drop drastically . 
  i can hear a scottish or an irish one , but i have trouble differentiating between different scottish or irish ones . 
  if you go to australia and new zealand i have even more trouble - i would probably never pick out a new zealand accent even under threat of death , and while australian is a bit easier it also has a tendency to sound very english to me at times . 
  but the main point is this : i find a lot of english accents , from around the globe , rather charming . 
  very few are annoying or otherwise unlikable , even if they do exist . 
  thank you for that elaboration . 
  i * need * to meet her now . 
  no problem . 
  the story is part of a short story collection called * v\u00e5ran hud , v\u00e5rat blod , v\u00e5ra ben * , but i do n't know what it 's called in english ( or danish , if available in it ) . 
  hope you find it , i really enjoyed the collection . 
  i know , right ? 
  i love montenegro . 
  pa\u00eblla i have no opinion about since i 've never tried it , but chorizo is life and love and every positive thing there ever has been in this world . 
   iceland someone really ought to tow them a little closer to the rest of the brotherhood . 
  right now it 's as if they 've been relegated to * skamvr\u00e5n * . 
  been there , done that , no need for any more truces . 
  not really a foreigner in the sense that i was the foreigner during a language exchange trip to germany , and not a dumb question as much as a really weird one , but the mother in my host family asked me day one what i thought about german racism against turks . 
  having no idea how the situation even looked like in germany or what i thought about it , plus being 16 years old and having absolutely no vocabulary to discuss such complex topics , i still did my best to answer her on incredibly broken german . 
  it is by far the weirdest interaction i 've ever had with a non-swede , but other than that i do n't think i 've ever had any dumb questions asked . 
  i 've mostly been approached for directions and stuff . 
  i do n't remember the occasional exchange student or tourist i 've met ever asking me anything stupid . 
  i remember hearing about that illness . 
  that 's just * weird * . 
  my dad went to a trip to germany ( i think ? 
  he was roadtripping around europe , but i think this was in germany ) and went to a concert with some american band . 
  afterwards they were signing cds and stuff , and he went over , bought a bunch since he 'd really liked their music , and asked if they ever planned on coming to sweden . 
  they said sure , we 're going there next week ( at which time he would be home again ) . 
  sweet , he thought , eventually came home , began looking for their concert on various ticket-selling services and found nothing . 
  how strange , since it was only one day left before the show !, 
  he eventually checked their website and found out that they would be playing in bern the next day . 
  it reminds me of a video i saw a while back named [ in sweden you can ice skate to work ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3uygghoeug ) , despite not at all being about swedes ice skating to work . 
  the skating instructor in question is just talking about how he really enjoys recreational ice skating , but no one is ice skating to their job as a banker or a teacher or whatever . 
   shattering their dreams of a classy and romantic french person . 
  [ but ... but ... stereotypes !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovqc32akanu ), 
  hahaha , wtf ?
