  i think that helping all of europe become as strong as they can be , is the best course for europe . 
  i think that letting those countries joined helped europe in that direction , so i 'm largely in favor of it . 
  there has been some growing pains for sure , but i think that europe as a continent is stronger than it was before and that 's a good thing . 
  that and [ this ] ( http://www.hant.se/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/utvaldkung.jpg ) . 
  hm , i was going to recommend going to the far north of norway , sweden or finland , but that 's more for the beautiful nature than fine dining and social stuff . 
  you wo n't find a metropolis up there , but an experience . 
  i have n't been there myself , but it 's a place i would very much like to visit given the opportunity . 
  so take that advice as you will , depending on what you want to see . 
  maybe it does n't apply , and that 's okay . 
  in terms of advice closer to what you say you want from your visit , i would probably recommend some german city . 
  they are pretty famous for their christmas markets . 
  we have nice ones here as well , as does a lot of other countries in europe , but the german ones always tops the lists i 've seen regarding the best christmas markets . 
  i do n't know which german city has the best , though , so listen to germans answering for specific recommendations there . 
  i do n't watch that much tv from other countries beside the us and uk . 
  i do like what i see from them , though . 
  the uk does comedy and game shows really well , as well as some series ; the us i exclusively watch series from , but on the other hand a lot more of them . 
  same for me , although i do watch svt since their svt play app is basically a free netflix of their own . 
  i really enjoy their game shows and some documentaries . 
  but the other swedish channels ? 
  the free version of their apps are riddled with annoying adds and the payed app is inferior to stuff like netflix and hbo nordic . 
  only gay men approach me . 
  interesting . 
  i 've never heard that particular legend here , but it sounds like something we could have believed in . 
  we certainly had both trolls and * v\u00e4ttar * . 
  i have n't been to the beach in ages , but the water is usually pretty cold . 
  it 's still possible to swim in , and it can feel very refreshing due to the crispness , but it 's certainly not like in southern europe . 
  i remember going swimming in a lake when i was in italy and that was just a whole other experience . 
  i think the water was about 25 c and that 's not how warm water get up here . 
  i think that it used to average at about between 16 and 20 degrees , but i have n't measured it since i was a teenager . 
  i 'm not much of a going to the beach kind of guy . 
  but hey , global warming !, 
  maybe it 's more enjoyable now than when i last swam in swedish waters . 
  :p but speaking of swimming in northern europe , let 's not forget that there 's also winter trips to frozen lakes , which is a whole other thing entirely . 
  i 've never swum in ice water in a recreational manner - only as part of military training - but it 's certainly a thing . 
  usually combined with stays in saunas . 
  i 'm glad i tried it , although i have n't since then for a reason . 
  we have n't had an election since then , so no , it has n't had any direct influence over anything . 
  i doubt it will . 
  our government - hell , * all * of our parties , even the opposition - makes a pretty clear argument for why people should go out and vote for change . 
  however people vote in 2018 , it will probably have more to do with how they want sweden to change in one way or another rather than not wanting something like trump or brexit to happen here . 
  there really must be a movie made about that someday . 
  i was following it from the outside and that roller coaster just seemed insane . 
  since there 's already been a comment detailing our most common surnames in sweden i wo n't repeat that information , but i can say that my surname is strangely uncommon seeing how it 's made up out of two extremely common nouns ( that 's a pretty common way that surnames are made : bergqvist means `` mountain branch '' , skoglund `` forest grove '' etc ) . 
  about 1500 people have my surname - compare that to over 237,000 people who have andersson , the most popular one . 
  i rarely see it , but when i do it tends to be because i 've somehow become neighbor with someone with the same name , leading to confusion with the mail . 
  but i 've never just randomly met a person with the same name . 
  i loved hearing stories about monsters from lore and legends , but i do n't remember my parents ever scaring me with them . 
  sometimes scary things happened in the stories told , but that was n't the point of them . 
  at least not in the way it 's asked here . 
   helhest is that related to the old norse concept of hel ( heim ) ? 
  i 've never heard of such a horse in those stories , not even as a later construct . 
  always interesting to see what stories our scandinavian brothers tell each other , that differ from those we swedes tell ourselves ( or at least those i 've heard up here in stockholm ) . 
   the disney version did n't have her commit suicide and be sentenced to community service for 300 years ... 
  i kind of want a faithful disney version of the little matchstick girl ( or whatever it 's called in english ) , only to see a lot of sheltered kids ' heads explode by all of the awfulness that transpires . 
   we have n't had vikings in almost a thousand years ... heh , yeah , i recognize this too . 
  sweden , to most people and non-europeans especially , is basically vikings and modern society with just a blank space inbetween . 
  most of my favorite portrayals of european nationalities come from the producers , be it [ german ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_acduburhe ) or [ swedish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yebfvrj2uiy ) . 
  it 's not `` good '' , but it 's * hilarious * . 
  :d least favorite : i really disliked the swedes in the kingsmen . 
  or rather , i actually really liked the swedish princess until she decided to go full stereotype in the end . 
  it seems like you 've got our cold parts without our warm parts , and our darkness without our light . 
  not the best deal . 
  but i honestly do n't know much and could very well be dead wrong . 
  the occasional palin family bar brawl aside , you really do n't hear a lot about stuff happening in alaska . 
  yeez . 
  you would have to indoctrinate far more people than just those coming here from afar to reach some sort of social democratic wonderland . 
  they only got about 30 % in the last election here , in 2014 . 
  last poll i saw had them at even less support today , while the party they co-rule with has dropped under the required support for getting into parliament in the first place . 
  if it were n't for the fact that the opposition is somehow also in freefall i would say that things are looking grim for the social democrats in the lead-up to our next election ; now i honestly have no idea how it looks , but there are probably going to be some big changes in 2018 . 
  regardless of all this : i do n't want anyone indoctrinated with a certain ideology . 
  sweden needs a political right - everyone needs strong opposition . 
  i saw u/julably say that they do n't have lockers in france . 
  i suspect that that leads to a lot more carrying books back and forth from school , whereas swedish kids only need to take the books home that they need for their homework . 
  still , 15 kg , like op said , sounds like * a lot * . 
  i think our backpacks , packed full , weighed around 20 kg when i was in the military . 
  but that was 10 years ago , so i 'm not entirely sure of that number . 
  hahaha !, 
  i live in stockholm , but there 's a kebab place in gothenburg called kebab & grillhouse ( i think ) that i always try to visit whenever i 'm in that neck of the woods . 
  they do the typical kebab , sure , but also have a lot of different variants . 
  my favorite is the one where they add a big wallop of shrimp salad on top . 
  the flavors worked in perfect unison ... somehow . 
  they also have kebabs with goat cheese , pineapple , mushrooms - all kinds of things . 
  over here i 'd have to say robbans pizzeria here where i live . 
  they have some weird combinations - like * piraten * with shrimp , crab sticks , black caviar and lemon - that are as strange as they are beautiful . 
  i have n't been there for many years , but they are still around as far as i know . 
  i used to go there all the time as a teenager . 
  ideally i 'd go every few days . 
  bread and cheese and stuff - you have to buy them fresh . 
  maybe do some big shopping once every few weeks to supplement the every-other-daily purchases . 
  however , my feet are pretty undependable and has a tendency to fuck up every now and again . 
  when they do , i ca n't walk for a few days or a week or something . 
  i kind of have to be ready for that , so i buy groceries in some weird ways . 
  kind of anticipating not being able to do so again for the next week . 
  i can go to the store on monday and buy a whole bunch of food - enough to last me quite a while - and then comes wednesday and i 'm like , `` wow , i can still walk !, 
  better stock up again ! '', 
  and i do another big run and fill up the fridge for another week . 
  and then i ca n't walk for a while , but it 's okay because at least i prepared for it . 
  not preparing for it is bad , i 've learned . 
  huh , fascinating . 
  haha , no problem .
