  we need to work on it as a society , not just shame them into it . 
  the latter does n't work . 
  let 's take an example from school . 
  i was never really into gym class , but i did love playing football . 
  whenever i played football , i would run like crazy . 
  there 's no comparison between how exhausted i was from playing football with anything else i did that i had no interest in doing . 
  but i could n't just play football , unfortunately . 
  i had to do gymnastics and every other conceivable sport there was , which i both found boring and myself incapable of doing , which in turn led to me both not performing nearly as well in gym class * and * equating exercise with boredom and other negative emotions . 
  if i had been given a bit more free reign to follow my own passions , i would have loved gym class and would have benefited from exhausting myself every week instead of just once every few months . 
  how do i know this ? 
  because that 's exactly what happened in the last year i ever had gym class , when it changed into more of a `` do whatever you want '' model . 
  i found that i really enjoyed running , so basically every gym class i went to the nearby tracks and ran . 
  it was my twelfth year in school and for the first time ever i enjoyed gym class , and my health benefited greatly from it . 
  if that had been the model from the start i would have had a very different experience of school . 
  but no : every kid needs to learn every sporty activity there is , regardless of their interests . 
  the diversity of activities is more important than kids actually learning to enjoy exercising . 
  i get that teachers need to show kids a smorgasbord of activities so that they can actually find something they enjoy doing , but perhaps there could be a middle-ground that allows them to * actually do that activity * once they find it . 
  basically , we need to revamp society in a lot of different ways , to properly encourage kids ( and people in general ) to be healthy without shaming them . 
  we 're pretty bad at that at the moment , i feel . 
  what ? 
  ( hard ) cheese on a sandwich - it ca n't get any more standard than that in sweden . 
  or cheese and ham . 
  but i 'm not a fan of food stuff that comes out of tubes . 
  at least not the `` to be put on toast '' variety of it . 
  mustard does n't become magically bad if it comes in a tube instead of a bottle . 
  i do n't remember learning too much in school itself other than the basics of where you where and some of your history during the soviet times . 
  the baltic states and their capitals all kind of flowed together in my mind until i decided that it was kind of embarrassing after i left school and did a conscious effort to get them all right . 
  since then i 've learned small bits and pieces about each of the three baltic states that i was n't taught in school ( such as the polish-lithuanian commonwealth being a pretty cool thing that i previously had no idea even existed ) , but lithuania is still the baltic country that i know the least about . 
  it feels a bit more culturally distant than both latvia and estonia . 
  although that might be more because of lack of exposure to lithuanian culture rather than some kind of objective assessment of how it compares to ours . 
  there was a hole in the toilet . 
  yeah , this . 
  i find it a bit difficult to sort out what i learned in school and what i 've picked up later , but these things we learned at the very least . 
  i do remember being very critical of a lot of the wars they 'd been in during the 20th century , though , so presumably we 'd learned of those as well . 
  finland-swedish is * the * cutest swedish dialect , without question . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met anyone who disagrees with that . 
  i 've personally never identified with them . 
  it 's cool that they 're there - a fifth of our population fleeing to the us is a big part of our history , after all - but sometimes you really feel that they left sweden 150 or so years ago . 
  a lot of things that really define the current swedish society happened in those 150 years , so it feels like we 've diverged quite a bit from each other . 
  me , i 'm perfectly fine with you asking the question here . 
  just know that a lot of people keep asking the same question here . 
  any such questions that are constantly asked run the risk of getting a bit annoying at times . 
  in terms of actual advice : since you like military history , i suggest the [ vasa museum ] ( http://www.vasamuseet.se/en ) in stockholm . 
  the vasa ship was to be the pearl in the swedish fleet in the mid-17th century , but since `` moar cannons ! '', 
  is n't the best instructions when constructing a ship she sank just as she 'd set off on her maiden voyage . 
  in the 1950s she was finally brought up , restored and interred in her own museum where you can go see her in all her incredibly well-preserved glory . 
  it 's an amazing sight and the # 1 recommendation i have in stockholm . 
  sea-worthy or not , she was built to impress and that shows . 
  yeah , the ethics section is a little weird at times . 
  take the last question : the ethics of a `` yes '' * really * depends on which specific group whoever answers the question would hold back to advance the rest . 
  the very richest ? 
  the poorest ? 
  the sickest ? 
  immigrants and refugees ? 
  then , in terms of religion , i would have liked a third option between `` positive '' and `` negative '' on the last question . 
  i have no one singular opinion regarding religion 's role in our society , so it felt a bit weird to answer . 
  that said , interesting survey . 
  i look forward to the answers whenever they come . 
  i have n't seen it myself , but i remember reading some really horrible reviews of [ sean banan inuti seanfrika ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9j-nl9nizc ) . 
  i loathe the guy making it , and apparently it was just filled to the brim with african stereotypes ( on top of just being god awfully bad ) . 
  y' all could come and celebrate june 6th with us . 
  i do n't celebrate it especially much on my own , but if we all band together i 'll make an effort . 
  well , watergate occurred 15 years before i was born so i do n't have any first-hand experience ( or any other either , for that matter ) when it comes to how it was covered/viewed at the time . 
  but i know what it is . 
  do n't know exactly * how * i know , though . 
  might be because it was mentioned in school , or because i 'm just generally interested in politics and stuff . 
  but it is the biggest scandal i can think of in american politics , and led to the resignation of a president , so it 's not like it flew under anyone 's radar . 
  i ca n't control my own attraction , and if other people can , well then wow , somebody 's been keeping quite a secret from me . 
  i do n't think attraction is necessarily something unchanging that you 're born with , but i do think it 's dictated at least in part on a much higher plane ( ie . 
  by society ) than the strictly personal . 
  i would n't even find you racist if you said that you only found [ insert ethnic group ] attractive . 
  i mean , if that 's honestly the case then that 's the case . 
  you do n't owe anyone to date them or to find them attractive - that 's an absurd line of thinking - so i 've always been pretty uncomfortable with the notion of shaming people for who they do or do n't find attractive . 
  i mean , i do n't get mad at women for not finding me ( a really chubby guy ) particularly attractive compared to the men ( quite a bit less chubby ) we as a society generally do find attractive . 
  likewise , i 'm generally more attracted to women whose looks match their current beauty standard , and me not being into chubby women does n't make me a hypocrite . 
  it 's just how we 're conditioned by society . 
  * and that might be a problem * , especially if society tells us that white people are more attractive than darker-skinned people , or stuff of that nature . 
  then * the society * can have racial problems that needs addressing , and perhaps you could also argue that the society has problems it needs addressing in terms of only promoting skinny people as a beauty standard . 
  but i feel really uncomfortable laying that responsibility on individuals . 
  i do n't think that 's fair . 
  if you feel that society is stacked against you ( and i 'll freely admit that it is , for various people ) , then work to change society . 
  but if you work to change individuals , then you 're just a creep . 
  i 've seen some people rant at other people for not giving them a chance because of their ethnicity or whatnot , and that really just reminds me of the creepy guys who 're angry at girls for not dating them because they 're `` nice '' . 
  at the end of the day , no one is entitled to anyone else 's time , attention or body . 
  do n't be a dick and tell them that you somehow are or should be . 
  and likewise , while i do n't think not being into a specific ethnicity is racist in and of itself , saying `` i 'm not into you because you 're a [ ethnic slur ] '' still is , * so do n't be a dick * . 
  edit : corrected small mistakes . 
  you have some cool tales , just not typically in the category that i would classify as '' folklore '' . 
  i do n't consider tales about historical figures to be folklore . 
  we have similar stories about certain figures in our history , but folklore to me is more supernatural . 
  so bigfoot , the jersey devil , native american legends - stuff like that . 
  i do n't find that particularly interesting . 
  the native americans have some pretty interesting stuff , but the us as a nation is a bit too young to have many interesting folkloric creatures of its own . 
  the '' problem '' is that you became a nation at a time when people should have known ( and many times * did * know ) better than to think that everything that went bump in the night was some kind of horrible , man-eating monster . 
  consequently , a lot of the mythological stuff that comes out of the us can feel a bit ... i do n't know . 
  no matter how i try to describe it i come across as a bit more rude than i intend to be ( that 's not my intention at all ) , but let 's just say that my opinion of someone who came to believe in ridiculous things a thousand years ago is very different from someone who did so in the last two hundred years . 
  one is an interesting look at how a faraway civilization interpreted the mysteries of their time , while the mysteries had largely been solved in the other case which makes the superstitions of that time seem a bit more ignorant . 
  this is also why older native american folklore interests me a lot more than the more recent american one . 
  or to take another example : it 's the same way i view people experiencing nightly visitations by aliens . 
  unless the myriad of people reporting them are all completely bonkers , there is probably some truth to their experiences .
