  yes !, 
  loved that game . 
  the song fit it perfectly . 
  but what do you mean with your highlights of the chorus ? 
  i feel like i 'm missing something . 
  that 's an interesting idea , had n't thought of it that way . 
  * whatever do you [ mean ] ( http://i.imgur.com/g2dqgr5.jpg ) !? 
  on a more serious note , there are a lot of cool cats from turkey in sweden , so you 're more than welcome to come here and invade our personal space . 
  at least an itsy bitsy bit . 
  thanks for the tips !, 
  a few questions , though . 
  travelers is the netflix series , right ? 
  i think i saw something about them doing a time travel series , but have n't checked it out yet . 
  i did begin to watch frequency . 
  interesting premise/first episode . 
  i 'll probably return to it , but i might wait until the first season is done so that i can binge it . 
  `` dallas ' 63 '' sounds like an alternative title for the stephen king book about a guy who travels back in time to stop the assassination of jfk . 
  would that be correct ? 
  really liked the book , but accidentally missed the tv series when it ran earlier . 
  might have to check if it 's on some streaming service here . 
  and lastly , timeless . 
  have n't heard of that at all . 
  what is it ? 
  while i am half-german , i do n't consider german to be my native language since i a ) only learned it as a third language in school , and b ) am shit at it . 
  therefor rammstein is a given . 
  i have too many favorite songs to list , but maybe [ spieluhr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kerdrmkmwu0 ) ? 
  but if i am to choose a song sung in a language i do n't know at all , i 'll probably go with [ baba yetu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsinanz6riw ) . 
  it 's a christian prayer or something , sung in swahili . 
  wonderful . 
  happy to help !, 
  my favorite fantasy setting of all time was the different planes in planescape : torment . 
  it was just several layers of batshit crazy , high on mushrooms . 
  loved it . 
  i really , really like fantasy that goes as far beyond the standard tolkien mold as it can . 
  at the end of the day i still care more about story , though , so i can still appreciate works that uses traditional settings , but it takes quite some writing to win me over . 
  i also loved the irish/scottish/nordic mashup of the skellige isles in witcher 3 . 
  mixing cultures like that can be really cool , and it worked great in that game . 
  when it comes to sci fi i both like space exploration and cyberpunk . 
  exploring new and exciting places and cultures is always fun , and cyberpunk can come with some very interesting commentary when done right . 
  even if it tends to be a lot more fond of grand conspiracy theories than i am . 
  and while not a `` setting '' as such , i * love * a well-told time travel story . 
  the * 12 monkeys * tv show is just utter brilliance . 
  i 've never been to the us so i ca n't speak from any personal experience , but i remember an explanation of the differences by ( i think ) a swedish sociologist who tried to define the difference in freedom between the us and europe . 
  if i remember correctly , he defined it as the us being about `` freedom to do '' , while europe was about `` freedom to be '' . 
  so if you 're a real go-getter , maybe the us suits you better . 
  especially if you already have an education and do n't have to pay for that the first thing you do . 
  you can work hard , earn a lot of money , and spend that money on healthcare and your kid 's education , so that they can work hard and so on . 
  meanwhile , while europe might not be quite as business oriented , we have a different view of what encompasses `` freedom '' - freedom to live a life that is n't so dependent on your level of income , and perhaps the freedom to pursue passions sprung from knowing that there is a safety net there for us if things should n't work out . 
  the way i see it , there should be some middle ground between `` the old country sucks '' and `` the new country sucks '' , where you can appreciate both countries ' positives and wo n't be blasted by people from either country . 
  viking stuff is weird , since each country technically have their own viking history , and some of that lead to the creation of other ( future ) countries with * their * own history . 
  it can be hard to know what is `` my '' history in all of that , and i do n't think my teachers ever really delved into that . 
  i was probably taught `` general viking history '' , mostly about their western adventures . 
  their eastern exploits were n't focused on as much , which is a bit weird since those were `` our '' vikings . 
  that they were in the british isles is well-known , although perhaps not the true extent of it . 
  it 's possible that danes and norwegians know more about that , since they were the ones there . 
  that the vikings were in north america is probably mentioned because it 's cool that we were there before columbus , but it did n't really leave a mark so it 's not especially important in the grand scheme of things . 
  i would say that the most important lessons from our viking history , from our perspective , probably is how the nordic influence was spread to/established iceland and greenland . 
  it 's our common viking heritage that unites all of the nordic countries . 
  except for finland . 
  they tag along for different reasons . 
  :p i do n't know if swedes in general know that we 're germanic . 
  it 's not terribly important knowledge . 
  unless you 're a nerd about those kinds of things . 
  like me . 
  hm , interesting . 
  that sounds quite different from what i was taught , especially regarding the sami . 
  i wonder why that is ? 
  maybe a regional thing , if you 're not from stockholm ? 
  we do tend to focus on ourselves , or so i 've heard . 
   i do agree with what you said about ww2 , though . 
  what i meant by it being quickly acknowledged was that i always felt that the focus was on mainland europe . 
  but whenever we speak of our own involvement , yes , it 's always about those railroads . 
  despite there being more important stuff that we could talk about . 
  i also agree with you about the last paragraph . 
  i remember learning about the stone age , bronze age , iron age , the vikings , and then gustav vasa . 
  that leaves a pretty sizable chunk of our history out , for some weird reason . 
  i adore germany , and especially bavaria . 
  i have been to tegernsee a bunch of times since i have family there , and i love it , but i 'd probably want a slightly bigger city if i were to live there permanently . 
  so probably munich . 
  although i did spend a week in a suburb to berlin on a school trip back in the day , and that was pretty much everything i want from a place to live : a big city nearby , without actually living in the constant crowds . 
  i could definitely see myself living there as well . 
  i do love berlin . 
  london seems like a logical choice as well , since i would have to rely on english wherever i went anyway ( except for germany ) . 
  it 's just that brexit makes any such plans very unreliable at the moment . 
  i would n't want to be kicked out in two years just because they ca n't come up with a compromise . 
  i would want to leave our dreadful swedish winters behind , so a warm place would be nice . 
  italy is a fantastic country , and i loved spending a few weeks in tuscany a few years ago . 
  loving it as a holiday destination and thinking it 's a good place to relocate to are admittedly two very different things , but florence is the only south european city that 's really on my radar . 
  we had a forest fire a couple of years ago that was pretty bad . 
  about a thousand people had to be evacuated , with one person losing their life . 
  the fire encompassed 15,000 hectares/37 ,000 acres of forest , and we had to call in international help to get it under control . 
  it depends on what history you mean . 
  i was always interested in it , so i learned quite a lot . 
  but there are both stuff that you do n't learn because they are not prioritized from a swedish perspective , and stuff you do n't learn because they are deemed shameful and thus not taught . 
  the treatment of the sami * is one of those latter things . 
  hell , even sami history in general is n't taught . 
  it 's only these last few years that swedish tv seems to have realized that we have a kinda-indigenous minority up north whose lives and stories should be represented on screen . 
  i wish my school could have come to the same conclusion back in the day . 
  sweden during ww2 is also a curious blind spot that we have in our history classes . 
  we tend to focus on mainland europe , only quickly acknowledging how we let the nazis use our railways to ship men and materials around .
