  we have a chocolate bar called `` daim '' . 
  it 's still very much around and i eat every now and again , so that itself is n't nostalgic to me . 
  however , my aunt always used to come around with a big bag full of miniature ones , and * those * i find extremely nostalgic since i only associate them with a very specific time in my life . 
  they are still around as well , but i ca n't eat such a big bag by myself so i usually just buy the ordinary chocolate bar that 's a bit more suitable for a single person . 
  i did n't recognize the name so i dismissed them at first , but i remember always being given one whenever me and my dad went to a particular pizzeria . 
  it was the best pizzeria . 
  for the betterment of all mankind , danish really needs to be cleaned up into a proper language from the garbled mess it is today . 
  i 'm actually not sure . 
  we sat it out so i feel like we care or know less about it than we should . 
  i mean , we sat out ww2 as well , but that decision ( and how we maintained our supposed neutrality ) is a lot more controversial here and is therefore discussed more . 
  but i ca n't remember anyone really objecting to us remaining neutral during the first world war . 
  probably because it was a lot messier and a lot less black and white . 
  the nazis were pretty obvious bad guys who * really * needed to be defeated , so not contributing to that is an easy thing to criticize . 
  the same ca n't really be said for ww1 . 
  it felt more like a political war than good vs evil , and we did n't really have a stake in either side . 
  which makes it all the more tragic , in a way . 
  yeah , sure . 
  i do n't know if i 've known many - i usually do n't know the parents of the people i know , and i do n't know anyone who has adopted a child from abroad - but i ca n't imagine `` foreign-looking '' adoptees facing more ( although perhaps they do face different ) problems than `` foreign-looking '' people in general . 
  and i do n't have a problem with them , so i do n't see a reason to have any problems with someone just because i find out that they are adopted . 
  in fact , i 've grown up in such a diverse environment that it would probably feel really weird if i ever came to a place where everyone looked `` nordic '' . 
  i remember feeling really strange when i was in finland once as a teenager and that was the case, 
  well , we have n't been in a war for a * very * long time , so besides a handful of soldiers who 've died in afghanistan or other conflicts where we 've lent a hand there has n't really been any fallen to remember . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  do the gn still police the general public or are they just your military police ? 
  who creates a playlist like that ? 
  [ finland is being finland ] ( https://youtu.be/8ss7-cfpn6q ) . 
  i love that . 
  very nordic . 
  probably around 20 c. maybe a bit lower if i 'm out and about , and a bit higher if i 'm stationary and actively enjoying the sun . 
  what do you work as that makes a subzero temperature preferable ? 
  i have no problem with the monarchy . 
  i get the problems some people do have with it , but i kind of like having a royal family . 
  it 's a part of the swedish identity . 
  to me , at least . 
  spotify is the only streaming service i constantly use . 
  on the tv side of things , i switch between netflix ( most of the time ) and hbo nordic ( when a few specific shows are running ) . 
  best one happened when i was 16 or thereabouts . 
  i had been out shopping at a large store about 20 minutes outside of where i live , and was waiting for the bus back . 
  however , i had just missed it and it only comes by every half an hour , so i 'd basically resigned myself to just rolling my thumbs for 30 more minutes . 
  before long , though , an older german guy pulled up to the bus stop and asked me for directions to the suburb where i live . 
  his english was n't the best and i was not 100 % familiar with the best car route ( since i usually only go by bus and that route is quite different ) , so i struggled to give good directions as well . 
  when he realized this he motioned for me to get in and physically show him the way as we go , which worked for me as well since i could just easily point out where he should go as i saw the exits . 
  it ended up working out for the both of us : he got to where he needed to go ( or at least came to the suburb in question ) , while i got a free ride home without having to wait for the bus . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'd advise kids to immediately jump into weird foreigners ' cars , but he turned out to be a nice enough guy and i did n't end up tied up and gagged in some sex dungeon , so i 'll call the encounter a win-win for the both of us . 
  worst encounter ( if you can call it that ) was probably the eu parlament worker who stole my wallet when i was visiting during a school trip . 
  asshole . 
  i got it back eventually , though , because the moron forgot that the parlament has a shit ton of security cameras pointed right at the check-in where he nabbed my wallet . 
  but by the time i got my cash back i had already frozen my debit card and was left with only half of my already limited travel budget , which was quite annoying . 
  nice trip overall , however . 
  haha , yeah , that 'll probably be me after watching one . 
  it 's at least how they seem to me from the outside . 
  but i tend to agree with my friend 's taste when it comes to other things , so who knows ? 
  i have a friend who is * really * into korean dramas . 
  i 'm not interested in any particular one , but someday i 'll probably ask her for her favorite and watch it , just to see what all of the fuss is about . 
  i 've also heard incredibly positive reviews/friends ' opinions of peaky blinders ( uk ) , but i have n't gotten around to seeing it quite yet . 
  i probably will next time i get netflix . 
  well , we ca n't have them go back to their wicked ways when you leave , can we ? 
  denmark would be invaded , for sure . 
  someone needs liberate them from their garbled mother tongue , and if that burden were to fall to me then so be it . 
  it really would be for the best . 
  ca n't imagine the international community objecting , and eventually even the danes would see reason . 
  probably . 
  when they can speak like ordinary people there would be cake and much rejoicing . 
  seeing the us act as an unquestionable force for * good * in the world , i truly think it would bring people from all corners of the world together . 
  my work would be done and i could retire happily in the knowledge that my time in the office was well spent . 
  i have never had a cleaner come to my home . 
  the fact that i 'm not rich enough to afford one certainly plays its part , but it also feels pretty icky to have someone go through your home and clean it up . 
  i do n't like people cleaning my hotel room while i 'm there , and my own apartment is even more personal . 
  that said , i doubt anyone i know would object if i was n't the sole cleaner of my apartment . 
  oh , i personally always enjoy coming home and seeing my stacks of money all nice and laundered on the bed . 
  huh . 
  i did n't know we had earthquakes in sweden . 
  and strong enough to crack ceilings ? 
  huh , again . 
  what shit goes on in evenings in places like newcastle ? 
  my dad introduced me to both drinking and smoking under controlled forms at a fairly early age ( i remember being six when i first puffed on a cigarette , but i do n't remember exactly when i first tasted alcohol ) . 
  the introduction to cigarettes was quite a bit traumatic as i choked on the smoke , so i have n't smoked since . 
  sipping a beer was n't quite as traumatic , so i can still enjoy alcohol today . 
  still do n't really drink , though . 
  a glass of champagne on new years or maybe a cold beer on a hot summer 's day , but rarely much more than that . 
  kebab , falafel and fried noodles . 
  i used to just do noodles when i was low on cash , but then i had a period of a few months where i was just beyond broke and basically just ate noodles every day for those months . 
  now i 1 ) rarely eat noodles anymore ( * shivers * ) and 2 ) try to not put myself in a position where i ca n't buy decent groceries . 
  my current cheap meal is pasta , some sausage/meatballs/other meat , and a bit of mustard . 
  `` great '' , on a state level , is such a weird concept to me . 
  i do n't consider us to be great . 
  i do , however , consider us successful . 
  more accurately , i consider the nordic model to be successful . 
  it 's not perfect - oh boy have i learned that it 's not these past few years - but i still would n't want to live anywhere that does n't adhere to the same basic `` high taxes for societal benefits '' system as we do . 
  there are more countries than just the nordic ones that does this well enough for me to consider maybe moving there , so it 's not some kind of blind nationalism , but i would have a hard time moving permanently to the us for example . 
  i have n't done any ( successful ) digging into my family , but i remember my dad saying that he or someone in his family had done some . 
  apparently the only one of note is a criminal of some sort who got himself executed way back in the day . 
  a weird point of pride in the family , i guess in the same way that the vikings ' raping and pillaging is for scandinavians in general . 
  `` we might not have been the good guys , but at least we made a mark in history ! '', 
  he was by no means a * famous * criminal , though , so i 'm not sure what mark he really left . 
  after having been without a computer for a year , i finally got a really superb one that i still ca n't use because my goddamn tv gave up on me now . 
  sometimes i just curse technology . 
  altogether , no exceptions . 
  one of the most beautiful love songs we have in sweden . 
  i absolutely love it .
