  this is the only thing that i still , technically , have access to out of the three . 
  after an ... uh ... incident i 've grown a bit weary of skiing , though . 
  yeah , it 's one of those tragedies that really hit close to home for me since i was around the same age as a lot of the victims . 
  i 'm not really a disco kind of guy , but it was still very easy to envision myself as being one of those kids - or my friends being one . 
  i was only seven when it occurred , so i never really realized how absolutely brutal the ms estonia disaster was until i spoke to my father about it last year after watching a documentary about it . 
  when he came to work the day after the sinking , everyone there either knew someone who had been on the boat themselves or someone who knew someone who had been there . 
  i knew it was bad , but i did n't know it was * that * bad . 
  i do n't get why you 're being downvoted . 
  maybe there are `` worse '' tragedies in dutch history , but this certainly seem to rank as * a * tragedy . 
  ca n't believe i 've never heard of it before . 
  any attack on any european royalty ought to have been big enough news for me to have heard of it - or so you 'd think . 
  while it hardly equals the black death , which was rightly put forward by u/swedophone as the single most devastating loss of lives we 've ever endured , i 'll chime in with ms estonia sinking in 1994 and the 2004 tsunami in asia . 
  i think we lost about 500 hundred people in both disasters . 
  both are forever etched into my memory . 
  i was a little too young to really follow the news around ms estonia - i mostly remember there * being * a lot of news and controversies - but i do remember being glued to the tv after the tsunami . 
  thailand was one of the most popular tourist destinations for swedes at the time , so even if you did n't know anyone personally who perished a lot of people could relate something fierce anyway . 
  i also remember the fire in a disco in gothenburg in 1998 that claimed the lives of 63 kids/young adults . 
  the fact that it was arson just makes it even more tragic . 
  lastly there are the murders of our prime minister olof palme in 1986 and our foreign minister anna lindh in 2003 . 
  i think the tragedy is pretty self-explanatory here ( not that they were n't in the other cases as well ) . 
  edit : oops , just saw that u/highschooldramaqueen beat me to some of these . 
  * shakes head in confusion * strange . 
  i had a friend in school whose family came from chile , and who said that he ( being able to speak spanish ) could understand italian to some extent ; or that italians could understand him to some extent . 
  this was 10 + years ago , so i do n't remember which of the two it was . 
  whichever it was , the opposite was not quite as true . 
  but the point is , i understand that there is some degree of mutual intelligibility between the languages , even if i 'm not sure exactly how much . 
  but going from knowing that to actively using another language in a country that does n't speak it is mind-boggling to me . 
  it 's as if a brit or an american would come up to me and speak danish or norwegian and expect me to just get it . 
  that would be difficult to understand even if they spoke perfect danish/norwegian , but with their added accent it would probably be near-impossible . 
  yeah , but italian - to me - seems like such a tentpole language . 
  just like french , spanish and german , i would have thought that people generally have heard enough italian to separate it from the other languages in europe . 
  * in italy * ? 
  google translate says that it 's french to me , and means `` coated mint rolls with real chocolate '' . 
  `` chocoiat '' should be `` chocolat '' , though . 
  there 's a lot of trash talk about sweden coming from extreme righters that i 've grown really weary of hearing online . 
  have n't heard it irl ( at least not from foreigners ) , but if someone ever * were * to spout stuff like that i 'd exit the conversation immediately . 
  i do n't have the patience for that kind of bullshit . 
  getting confused with switzerland is a bit more common , since whoever you talk with does n't have to be an asshole for it to come up in conversation . 
  it 's more funny than annoying , though . 
   getting confused with sweden i remember both of our countries launching a joint awareness campaign in china a few years ago , so that they would n't confuse us anymore . 
  we really should do more of those . 
  it 's by no means only the chinese that does so . 
  is that a thing ? 
  i would have thought italian to be one of the languages that everyone can differentiate from other european languages . 
  mixing it up with spanish just seems ... weird . 
  that explains a lot . 
  that flower is called `` syren '' in swedish , which has no correlation whatsoever with lila ( as far as i know , anyway ) . 
  knowing the name of the flower in your languages explains the connection that still does exist between the color and the flower here . 
  it 's still the go-to example of something lila , but i 've never known why . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  why do you have so many words for the respective colors ? 
  you also use `` lila '' for purple ? 
  interesting . 
  i usually see variations of the words purple or violet in various languages , but i have n't seen anyone else use lila before now . 
  no , i can distinguish them just fine if i actually take the time to look at them and am in the right mindset . 
  it 's more that i do n't really see `` orange '' , for example , as a separate category of color in the rainbow : i just see red slowly turning into yellow . 
  and then there 's indigo , which is just not a color i ever think about . 
  yeah , i can technically see it in the rainbow , but to me , it 's still just another shade of blue and not a separate color . 
  i hope this makes sense . 
  i have n't thought about any of this before now , so i do n't really have the words to describe how i see things . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i usually just think of the rainbow as various shades of red , yellow and blue , but apparently it 's technically broken down a bit more than that here as well . 
  they are as follows : red orange yellow green blue indigo violet, 
  no , earlier than that . 
  i think i was about 12 or 13 years old , which would place it in either 1999 or 2000 . 
  but the details of it all is a bit hazy to me , since it was quite some time ago . 
  makes sense , when you think about it . 
  we have a lot of nature to hike in and lakes to sail on . 
  side note , since you 're british : i actually remember going to this big jamboree in the uk in the early 2000 's . 
  two really fun weeks . 
  i do n't know how it is nowadays , but i was a scout about 20 years ago . 
  we were called lake scouts and did more or less what you did , but also learned how to sail and stuff like sea safety . 
  it was overall really fun , even if me being a complete loner did n't always gel * too * well with the social focus of the scouts . 
  ca n't speak for everyone else in sweden , but i get along fine with rightwingers as long as they are n't on the extreme right . 
  assuming the opinions they hold do n't go against some fundamental principle of mine ( such as everyone being equal ) , i see no reason not to tolerate them . 
  i may not actively engage with them , but they are free to hold those opinions just as i am free to hold mine . 
  also , some of the most interesting political conversations i 've had has been with people on the other side of things . 
  you do n't have interesting conversations with people who just agree with what you 're saying . 
  that 's a dead end . 
  the biggest shock was probably going to finland as a young child and finding myself in a place where no one understood me and i understood no one . 
  this was way before i learned english , so i was completely lost . 
  i just walked about speaking swedish and no one understood what i was saying . 
  it was very frustrating . 
  i have n't had too many other shocks during my travels , though . 
  mostly toilet and car related stuff . 
  the old german ladies that you pay when you go to a toilet was just weird . 
  people having a different idea regarding how and when you should pass over a road than in here sweden has been a general problem in a lot of places i 've visited ( which probably means that we 're the odd ones ) . 
  the craziest was in montenegro . 
  i 'm used to cars slowing down if someone tries to cross the street - assuming there 's no actual zebra crossing in the area - which is how i gauge if i can cross over without causing undue hassle . 
  the montenegrins drivers seemed to figure that the best thing they could do was to gas and whistle past pedestrians , allowing them to cross unhindered afterwards . 
  it ended up with me nearly being hit by two separate cars who both accelerated as i was out in the middle of the street . 
  the thing that was the most annoying with all of this is that i would have gotten over okay , without ever inconveniencing anyone , if they had just maintained their original speed . 
  i still have a traumatic memory of once having pineapple on a frozen pizza in finland . 
  i was five at the time ; i 'm 30 now . 
  never again . 
  i 've seen both adults and children come out as trans , and they 've received nothing but support from the people around them as far as i 've seen . 
  i suspect that some might object to children undergoing major surgery - just like they would object to them undergoing most other major surgery - but there are many steps you can take before going there . 
  assuming you even * want * to go there in the end . 
  either way , there are a lot of ways to support a trans child before surgery is even considered , and as i said , i 've seen nothing but such support . 
  that said , it 's still a right hassle to transition .
