  it 's also been interesting to hear from our baltic neighbors that i had n't know too much about before . 
  every now and again you also run into other swedes who have an entirely different perspective on things than you do yourself , which is always pretty interesting . 
  did we settle on people not wearing shoes indoors being savages , while people who do are barbarians ? 
  i left the thread before any consensus had been reached . 
  do you like warmth and sunlight ? 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha !!, 
  i like the new york one , even though it usually sounds very `` tv '' to me . 
  i rarely hear people with as deep ny accent as they have in the movies , in real life . 
  maybe they 'd be there , if i were to go to ny some day , but i have yet to hear it . 
  still like it , though . 
  i also like some southern accents . 
  the tennessee one is pretty charming on miley cyrus , but i have a hard time pegging exactly what other accents in the south that i like . 
  cyrus ' is easy because i can just google where she 's from . 
  i have some kind of theoretical affinity for the maine accent after having read a lot of stephen king books , where he sometimes describes it in quite some detail . 
  however , i 've not actually * heard * it enough to say whether i would like it as much off the page as on the page . 
  the minnesota accent sounds a bit goofy to me , and it slightly annoys me that people tend to use it as a reference point when describing swedish . 
  i understand why ... but still . 
  i ca n't really think of any others . 
  i 've heard `` valley girl '' and it grates on my nerves , but it seems more like a `` young people accent '' ( which can be grating here as well ) rather than a proper american accent . 
  maybe people would change the amount of tax they pay , but at least personally , i do believe in the system . 
  seeing everything deteriorate just to save a few bucks every month does n't seem very appealing to me . 
  hm , yeah , i 've seen that critique before , regarding the limit of how much change stores would take in , but it was never a problem for me . 
  i did n't even notice the limit until someone who did find it to be a problem pointed it out to me . 
  i guess it depends on how much cash you have that you need to exchange . 
  i was using cash continuously throughout the exchange period and felt that it transitioned smoothly , but i did n't have much cash at home that needed changing . 
  and banks ? 
  * angry sigh * as i said , i did n't need to use the bank , but if i had had more cash in need of exchange , i would probably not have considered my bank to be a viable option anyway . 
  in other words , their inability to accommodate for the transition would n't exactly have surprised me , because that 's pretty much their modus operandi these days . 
  i lost my trust in them a long time ago . 
  i do my bank errands online as much as i can nowadays since i feel that the actual service at physical banks have declined significantly throughout the years . 
  they even closed down the local office where i live , which was just another nail in the coffin of my trust . 
  nope . 
  i go a bit back and forth regarding whether or not i 'd like to visit . 
  on the on hand , yes , of course . 
  seems like a lovely country . 
  but on the other hand , i already live in the north . 
  if i were to ever travel to america ( or somewhere else outside of europe ) , i 'd probably want to go somewhere south of where i am now . 
  but if i ever find myself in a life where i travel a lot more than i do now , i 'll be sure to stop by some time . 
  in 2014 , when a racist political party held a public gathering of some sort , there was a protest against them which escalated something fierce when the police stepped in . 
  i do n't remember if there was any actually violence from the protesters ' side , but the lasting memory i have from the eventual clash is how the riding police rode into protesters . 
  they tried to keep people away from each other by riding between them , but it was too chaotic for everyone to get out of the horses ' way . 
  there was also one person who was hit by a police car . 
  it was just altogether not the police 's finest day in terms of public image . 
  the fuck ? 
  i really love miriam bryant 's swedish version of the irish ( or scottish ? 
  i 've heard it attributed to both ) song a parting glass , called [ ett sista glas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuq-y10cjgg ) . 
  i do n't know if i 'd necessarily call it `` better '' because i think that the slowed down english version is really beautiful as well , but i heard ett sista glas for the first time when she performed it at the manifestation against hate and terror right after the stockholm terror attack , so it holds a very different meaning to me than the english version does . 
  the version she performed there is also slightly different from her single , with a tiny tweak to the lyrics that aims it a bit more towards a girl who died in the attack . 
  it just ... differentiates it from other versions , in small but very significant ways , which grants it a special place in my heart . 
  cecilia lind is n't originally swedish ? 
  that english version just blows my mind so hard right now . 
  i 've always thought that it was a vreeswijk original , despite knowing that some of his other works were translation of existing songs . 
  never heard it before , though , so it might well be finnish . 
  even if i have n't heard most of the stories swedish people bring up in this thread , so what do i know ? 
  hahahaha !, 
  i have heard foreigners laugh at a lot of names we have for things - `` slutstation '' ( our word for a train 's final station ) tends to be fairly popular - but i 've never heard that before . 
  but now i 'll never view restaurants serving hot dishes the same . 
  agreed . 
  the switch ? 
  flawless . 
  the coins themselves ? 
  much less so . 
  i also have trouble keeping them apart . 
  what the actual knull is swenglish at its very best . 
  i have a new favorite expression . 
  hahahaha , i 'd never seen the symbol for the lira before so i thought that you said you had 75,000 # ( which you , indeed , could have bought the world with ) . 
  how that could possibly have dropped down to just 25 euros boggled my mind until i , after some googling , saw that the symbol for the italian lira looks almost the same as that of the british pound . 
  we do n't have the euro , but it does n't sound too different from just changing the bills and coins you use , like we just did just recently . 
  the new variants of our currency was introduced in steps ( first the new bills , then the new coins about a year afterwards ) , with a fairly long time for people to change from one to another . 
  i 'm not the biggest user of cash so i did n't anticipated any problems during the transition , and i did n't run into any . 
  it was all pretty seamless , and i 'd think the practical transition from one currency to another would mostly work in the same way . 
  but there are obviously some things that will be different when you change currency altogether , like prices going up or down from what they used to be under the old one . 
  i remember hearing some stories about that when some of our neighboring countries changed over , but i 'll leave that to people who 've actually lived through that to answer . 
  i remember hearing from an acquaintance from sk\u00e5ne , who worked in some kind of telephone support , that she would get calls from stockholmers who would demand to speak to someone they understood . 
  that just struck me as not only incredibly rude , but also ... really ? 
  come on . 
  * shakes head * i grew up just outside of stockholm and never really got that stereotype about them being rude , but regardless of what i 've personally seen there seems to be at least * some * truth to it . 
  i have n't really had a bad vacation that i can blame on the city i visited . 
  but i have had bad experiences at various places around europe . 
  rome was a nightmare , even though i loved the city itself , because of the heat . 
  it was just unbearable to me . 
  i had another run-in with the sun when i was in greece when i was six years old . 
  i got a terrible burn on my back . 
  but that was due to no one in my family really having any experience with that kind of blazing sun , so i guess we did n't put on enough sun lotion . 
  or something . 
  but it 's not like i blame greece for what happened . 
  the sun was amazing . 
  six-year-old me had a blast in it . 
  if i had been more careful ( or my mother a bit more vigilant ) i could probably have enjoyed it without any side effects . 
  the two experiences with the hot sun where very different , though . 
  i enjoyed the heat in greece way more than the heat in rome , even though it was probably a lot warmer in greece . 
  in greece i was just relaxing on the beach or at the swimming pool , with only occasional forays into old ruins and stuff . 
  in rome i spent the whole day wandering around town , trying to take in the sights while drinking oceans of water . 
  the heat in rome was beating me down in a way that the heat in greece did n't , burns aside . 
  moving on : i got * really * sick when i was in mariehamn in finland once , which was in a way more horrible than the prior two experiences . 
  even worse was that my mother had decided that we did n't need a cabin of our own for the trip , since mariehamn and stockholm are close enough that you do n't have to spend the night on the boat . 
  the trip to mariehamn went without a hitch - we took our time eating at the restaurant , sat in a cafe and played cards , was up on the deck in the sun , watching the sea , just passing time marvelously - but the return trip was probably the worst experience i 've ever had on a vacation . 
  i was burning up - i do n't think i 've ever had a worse fever in my life - and i had to spend six hours sitting up since i did n't have a bed of my own . 
  i had a similar experience of getting sick while on vacation in gothenburg , but that 's still in sweden so it does n't really fit in here . 
  let 's just say that my dad somehow could n't see the difference between sick-as-a-dog me and lazy me , and dragged me around town for a day despite me being really ill once again .
