   my 9 year old brother was doing his mandatory military service i know we reinstated conscription recently , but not that kids were drafted that young nowadays . 
  what were you training as ? 
  it seems like a lot of weapon in , roughly , the same category . 
  when i was in the swedish military we almost exclusively trained with assault rifles , and then some in a couple of types of explosives . 
  we had one day of handgun training , just to tick off a box , but overall it felt like they assigned you a specific weapon to which you then stuck . 
  four contexts : * since you accept crossbow stories , i 've shot with a crossbow . 
  i was a kid and one of my aunt 's now-husband 's friends knew how to make stuff like that , so he made me a crossbow . 
  it was a child-sized crossbow that could n't fire anything lethal by any means , but it still worked just like a regular crossbow does . 
  the same mechanics ... just very tiny . 
  * if crossbows count , does regular bows as well ? 
  because i remember shooting with bows as part of a school `` lets go out and do sporty stuff that we ca n't usually do in the school gym '' trip . 
  * when i was about 12 or 13 , i was on a school trip and we were shooting ... what 's it called in english ? 
  `` clay doves '' , we call them in swedish . 
  you stand beside a machine that shoots up discs into the sky , and you have to shoot them . 
  anyway , we used a shotgun . 
  this was a real shotgun , which my kid shoulder really did n't get along with . 
  had a big bruise there for days afterwards . 
  :p * and then i was in the military right after school , so i used a bunch of different weapons there : assault rifles , pistols , hand grenades and anti-tank weapons . 
  all of these experiences have taught me that i am a terrible shot , regardless of gun . 
  i 'm even a terrible thrower of hand grenades . 
  i 'm aware of places that are more beautiful than the ones i 've personally visited in sweden , so i do n't really feel qualified to answer that part of the question . 
  but as for my favorite part of where i live , i 'd probably have to say some of the surrounding forests . 
  i 've always enjoyed forests . 
  i have a hard time walking so i tend to be pretty much stuck in the urban environment where i live . 
  any excursion out into nature , however small , is usually pleasant . 
  one of the fondest memories i have from recent years was after i 'd gone to the doctor once and just sat down on a bench , in the sun , a light breeze caressing me , with the forest beginning just a few meters away . 
  simple pleasures . 
  askeurope is the only sub where i really post regularly . 
  in the ones i 'll post in a moment i usually only read what others write . 
  but yeah : wholesome memes , writing prompts , germany , iama , europe . 
  i also frequent svenska . 
  while a swedish subreddit , it 's for learning the language which means that there still tends to be a lot of conversations in english . 
  i do n't really think that we should go around disposing leaders around the world . 
  it 's not like afghanistan , iraq , yemen , syria or libya are somehow glowing examples of successful western military interventions . 
  the reasonable lesson to learn from what was done there would be to not do the same in other places , so hopefully we do n't go about overthrowing people left and right in africa next . 
   although learning to ski is quite important . 
  i would be the worst norwegian . 
  i have stories to tell that would probably bar me from ever even entering the country . 
  rap can be difficult to get a handle on even if you 're native to the country whose rap you 're supposed to get a handle on . 
  for some reason swedish rap has become really popular to react to on youtube , but i do n't know * any * of the artists . 
  first i thought that the people reacting where idiots who could n't find good swedish rap , but apparently it 's me who 's the dummy . 
  i just have n't kept up with the current scene , instead listening to the same old guys i 've always listened to . 
  that was an embarrassing realization . 
  well , i live in an apartment complex , so ... 
  i 've never heard of hiring people to mow your lawn , though . 
  my family used to have a lawn when i was a kid , but we always mowed it ourselves . 
  i agree for the most part , but that really only works if you know where they are . 
  if they 're in the wind a military rescue is not an option . 
  as i said in a comment further down , we got back a swede who had been kidnapped for almost six years . 
  if we had known where they held him things might have gone down differently , but as far as i know his location was unknown throughout the whole process , until the day they released him . 
  i 'm not necessarily saying that you should pay them if that 's the case - i do n't know what 's right in these situations - but i think it 's fair to say that there might not always be another option . 
  and if you ca n't weigh different options of rescue against each other , you instead have to decide if you should go with the one bad rescue option or if leaving the kidnapped person behind is really an acceptable end to things . 
  it 's difficult . 
  we got back a swede a while back who had been kidnapped for six years by some al qaida offshoot . 
  no one knows exactly how , but presumably * something * was given for his release since he was n't freed in a raid or something but rather just let go . 
  i 'm not in favor of that , but he 's home now and i find it really hard to disregard the smaller picture ( actually saving him ) for the bigger one ( maybe setting a bad theoretical precedent ) . 
  it 's not an entirely good thing , but * he 's home now * and he would n't be otherwise . 
  so i do n't know . 
  i 'm very divided . 
  yes , but in the winter * everyone * out of 6 people is late . 
  so i 've heard from northern acquaintances . 
  i think that much of the problem can be spelled `` sl '' . 
  hahahahaha , yeah . 
  oh , swedish winter comes many more times than just once a year . 
  just this year may forgot that it ought to be a spring month . 
  one day i could see a tree with the most beautiful pink spring blossoms , the next there was snowstorm , and when the snow was gone the tree was just brown and dead again . 
  never recovered . 
  rip tree . 
  at least we do n't forget how to deal with the winter until after we 've had our occasional week of light summer in july . 
  you 'd think that after having lived in this climate for thousands of years , swedish civilization would have figured out * how * to do so with some degree of dignity . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  every year when the snow comes , the same old problems come along with it . 
  it 's almost like we 're constantly surprised by something we 've never seen before , despite winter not being a terribly rare occurrence up here . 
  every mode of transportation , be it bus or car or train , just stops dead in its tracks . 
  needless to say , this always makes it difficult to get anywhere . 
  hope it serves you well . 
   that was n't an area i knew we exported quality goods in . 
  always nice to learn stuff like that . 
  it 's possible - there are swedish examples of it as well - but the more niche you go , the smaller the chance that it even picks up steam over here . 
  it 's usually crime stories that hit it big , both here and abroad . 
  but if you 're into horror or fantasy , the inspirational stories dwindle quickly . 
  even if [ john ajvide lindqvist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_ajvide_lindqvist ) always will be a shining beacon in that darkness . 
  make living rooms , not lebensraum . 
  hm , yeah , i have some vague memory of hearing that there were some swedish banks that were causing problems in estonia back during the financial crisis or thereabouts . 
  quite a while ago so i do n't remember the details . 
  have n't heard anything since . 
  are they still misbehaving ? 
  skype is kind of complicated , which is why i did n't mention the estonian contributions . 
  but quite right . 
  from what i can gather , the software was indeed developed by estonians , although the company itself was founded by a swede ( and a dane ) . 
  saying it was a collaborative effort is probably the most fair way to put it . 
  absolutely . 
  in many ways you ( and the uk ) define the english-speaking world . 
  to me , the anglosphere and the commonwealth are two pretty separate concepts . 
  there is some overlap , but also significant differences . 
  you being in the former but not the latter being the main one . 
  as i said , i think that you and the uk define the anglosphere . 
  it 's from the two of you that almost all of the english-language culture and media that i consume comes from . 
  while i still obviously consider the rest of the commonwealth as part of the anglosphere , they are still * way * behind the us and the uk . 
  sure , canada has a thriving scene for games development and a lot of tv shows are shot there , and ireland is both our neighbor in the north and pretty noticeable in british media , but there is still an enormous gap between first/second place and all of the rest when it comes to my mind 's market shares .
