  your panel shows are far and above the american equivalents . 
  if any americans have suggestions for shows of theirs that can rival * qi * , * 8 out of 10 cats * or * would i lie to you * , please share . 
  otherwise i 'll hand you brits the victory there without batting an eye . 
  even if ireland deserves some kind of special mention , since i see a lot of brilliant comedians of theirs on british tv . 
  when it comes to regular shows it 's a bit harder to pick a winner . 
  i really like a lot of shows from both sides of the pond . 
  this . 
  i feel that `` do n't be an asshole and obey aladdin/paradis etiquette religiously '' is how you can safely manage most social gatherings . 
  several high-profile crimes have been quickly and successfully solved with the help of surveillance cameras , so i do n't mind them . 
  shadowy organizations/individuals does n't feel very swedish . 
  we do have our security service , but there 's an enormous difference between them and the cia , for example . 
  the one thing that can occasionally concern is the surveillance of people 's web history . 
  i do n't want anyone looking at what i do online , even if i do n't go searching for how to make a bomb or whatever . 
  on the other hand i * really * want the police to have all of the available resources to catch people sharing child pornography ( as well as those committing and filming the acts in the first place , obviously ) . 
  even more than terrorists . 
  i am wary of giving the government additional means to catch the latter group because that has always felt like a bit of a slippery slope , but the former group should be hunted like dogs . 
  so i 'm not really sure where i stand when it comes to internet surveillance . 
  i do n't drink milk , so i only occasionally use it in food . 
  but i rarely see the point of using ordinary milk when i could use , for example , flavored cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche instead . 
  so not a lot . 
  how do you even get 40 c in the netherlands ? 
  that sounds astonishingly high . 
  it 's hotter than what has * ever * been recorded here . 
  and sure , we 're a bit farther north than you - but still . 
  it 's not terribly far between the south of sweden and you guys . 
  i would have just spent the day or week or however long the heatwave lasted , just sitting under a cold , constant shower . 
  no way i would have survived otherwise . 
  i live in a one room apartment that has a huge window ( without any curtains or anything ) facing the sun directly . 
  the temperature would have been ... * shudders *, 
  none of the three categories . 
  sweden was in a really bad place at the time . 
  there were the usual reasons that led to people leaving throughout the 19th century , but in the late 1860s there were also a few years of massive crop failures in a row , which hit us * hard * . 
  those years even have a special name in swedish - * missv\u00e4xt\u00e5ren * , or the years of bad harvests - which should give you an idea of just how bad they were . 
  a lot of people were left with the choice to either leave everything they had and hope for the best in the us , or to stay in sweden and starve . 
  ca n't really fault them for going with option 1 . 
  it 's not about you being drunkards , but rather the pub culture you have . 
  even i , who do n't drink especially much , would be interested in visiting one of your pubs just to see it for myself , if i ever go to ireland . 
  it 's not a bad thing to be known for . 
  i thought `` going dutch '' was an american expression . 
  i 've never heard it in europe before . 
  huh . 
  it kind of rings a bell for me too , but i 'm not a drinker so it 's a little difficult to place . 
  it does n't help that i do n't remember exactly which language i remember the phrase from either . 
  but i would understand what you said . 
  probably . 
  i do n't go out and see sports at arenas , but when i 'm home i usually eat snacks . 
  chips , peanut rings , cheese doodles , stuff like that . 
  you eat dried fish as snacks ? 
  when i think of dried food , i mostly think `` hiking food '' . 
  wait ... 
  your dad was holding * your * hand , and he was screamed at ? 
  what ? 
  crazy indeed . 
  i ca n't see the eu going federal in my lifetime , so this all seems like a non-issue for quite a long time , if you ask me . 
  i guess it 's better to have discussed it before we all join up , but it 's really not something i 've thought about . 
  that 's actually a pretty interesting approach . 
  i 'm not sure if it would work , but i think it might be a way it * could * work without it feeling forced upon people . 
  i do n't identify nearly as much as `` european '' ( or , probably more accurately , `` eu citizen '' ) for that to be something i 'd want to see happen . 
  i mostly like the eu for what it is right now , but at the end of the day i am happy to live in the country of sweden . 
  being a swedish citizen is my national identity with everything that comes with it ; `` european '' most definitely is not . 
  in fact , if anything , i would sooner form a nordic union than a pan-european one . 
  but even that would be extremely difficult , and if not even we northerners can do it , being as close as you can possibly come each other in terms of values and systems of governments , i doubt europe as a whole could do it . 
  thanks . 
  i got a little confused when i got different answers , but you managed to explain it before i even had time to ask for clarification . 
  ah , thanks . 
  my grandmother 's first husband ( second husband was my grandfather ) died in the war ... somehow . 
  it was n't really something that was spoken about much by anyone . 
  other than that the main horrors were mostly what my grandmother saw ( and to some extent experienced ) as a civilian during the war . 
  people being killed by bombs , hiding from the russian troops when they eventually came - stuff like that . 
  but since i barely have any relatives in sweden , i have n't really had a chance to talk to anyone about it . 
  i marvel at swedes ( or danes , presumably ) who ca n't just guess that the other nordic countries were n't too happy being ruled by either of us for centuries on end back in the day . 
  sure , we do n't exactly view ourselves as occupiers , but it should n't take the greatest imagination to realize that that is how we might have been perceived on the other end . 
  i see no reason to be upset about it . 
  i 'm not especially familiar with tesla , but i do know of musk himself since i 'm a bit of a space nerd . 
  his spacex project is really cool . 
  i can occasionally enjoy peanut butter in sweets or snacks , but i 've never understood putting it on bread . 
  i do n't even like jam on bread . 
  i prefer cheese or different kinds of cold cuts . 
  or cheese * and * ham . 
  brie and salami is also a combination that works surprisingly well together . 
  that 's always complicated . 
  half of my family is german and were living in what is now czechia ( i think ? 
  it 's kind of hard to say ) during the war . 
  afterwards czech ( or whatever ) germans were naturally not too popular and were chased away from everything that they owned . 
  most of my family ended up in germany , while my grandmother moved to sweden and married my grandfather . 
  but i would never go down there and demand my family 's property back , now , several generations later . 
  obviously there is a huge difference between what jews suffered during the war and what germans suffered at the end of/after it , but it still seems so foreign to me to think of what was lost by my grandmother as somehow mine to claim today . 
  we were honestly fighting so many wars back then that i have a hard time even remembering what they were about or whether or not we could conceivably be considered the good or the bad guys of the conflict . 
  i guess that in itself is kinda bad ... 
  yeah , ww2 is really complicated and as a half-finn i sometimes see stuff thrown around about finland 's actions as well . 
  but while i think that there 's definitely room to discuss certain things , as you said , it 's annoying when people just have really basic , surface level opinions without considering the wider context or even the realistic alternatives . 
  interestingly the only person who 've ever been keen on reminding me about the deluge is my father . 
  whenever we were discussing history , he would always circle back to that and remind me and my sister that we did that . 
  keeping us humble about our history , or something like that . 
  i had n't even heard of schwedentrunk until joining reddit , though . 
  before i clicked on the link i thought that was just what you called sheep in the uk . 
  i do love the idea of haggis roaming wild in the countryside , though . 
  people generally do n't know enough about swedish history to have anything to bring up . 
  there * are * things to bring up , but they do n't know that . 
  if people are assholes they generally keep to more recent things , like how we deal with refugees and how that supposedly leads to a total collapse of the swedish society .
