  swedes have got a reputation of being more depressed than other people that is n't really true , but damn , our winters are harsh . 
  more specifically , the darkness that comes with them . 
  even if i personally do n't become clinically depressed by it , it 's still something you really have to fight through . 
  and if you 're a foreigner living in sweden , who 's normally used to brighter days , i imagine it 's even worse . 
  other than that i would n't be surprised if some of our health care systems lead to depression in people . 
  fighting against the machine can really drain you of your energy , both physically and mentally . 
  but this is just me guessing from my personal experience , i do n't have any official statistics or anything to back it up . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  when i first created my reddit account , this is where i more or less immediately found myself , and while i do the occasional trek outside i always come back here . 
  love the conversations here . 
  it does n't matter if i 'm learning something new or explaining something to others - it 's always a climate that , honestly , seems pretty rare for online communities . 
  i 'm learning so much from this topic today . 
  cool !, 
  fascinating . 
  i 've never heard of anything like it . 
  trying to wrap my head around it . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i 've never heard of such a concept . 
  i think . 
  how does it work in practice ? 
  is it an actual number like 1 or 2 or 3 , or is it more of a way of thinking when counting ? 
  yeah , that 's something that can be a little confusing when speaking/writing english , if you do want to be specific . 
  it 's not impossible in any way , but it sure is easier in swedish . 
  dual number ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  i 've never heard the expression before . 
  i checked reddit just seconds after getting up in the morning , while still really sleepy , so i read `` hang the singers '' first . 
  * backs away slowly *, 
  op , you do n't offer up any of ours for the others to laugh at ? 
  tsk , tsk . 
   the best one must be `` nu har du allt skitit i det bl\u00e5a sk\u00e5pet '' , which does n't make much sense in swedish either but translates as `` now you 've taken a shit in the blue cabinet '' . 
  it means that you 've gone too far and embarrassed yourself . 
  which ... yeah . 
  you should be embarrassed . 
  i remember having the idiom explained to me with people 's houses way back in the day having two cabinets : one for chamber pots and one for table wares . 
  blue was a color marking wealth , so if you had nice table wares they were usually in a blue cabinet . 
  you better not relieve yourself in the wrong cabinet in the dark of night . 
  i do n't hover over them constantly , but they are the ones i use the most in my everyday life . 
  the web browser and email app are pretty self explanatory , i think . 
  the newspaper ones are mostly passive - i 've set them to alert me to important news , but usually do n't go digging into them unless i really want to know something . 
  same for facebook and twitter : i do n't check either too much unless i get any messages . 
  i write the occasional tweet/post and share the occasional video , but that 's it . 
  how much time i spend on social media goes up and down a bit , and right now i 'm in a bit of a slump . 
  then lastly i spend 10 minutes or so on duolingo every day working on my german . 
  i mostly do so on pc , but sometimes if i missed my daily lesson before turning it off i pick it up on the phone instead of booting the pc back up again . 
  true . 
  it 's so swedish that i did n't even know the english name for it . 
  i was really confused at first since i did n't recognize `` floorball '' at all . 
  chrome , facebook , falcon pro ( a twitter client ) , gmail , the new york times and the guardian 's respective apps . 
  i also use duolingo daily , but not necessarily on my phone ( although i do use the phone app ) . 
  edit : oh , and spotify . 
  people from central europe can probably give you more in-depth answers ( as some already have before me ) , but based on my travels in the region i would recommend lake garda in italy and tegernsee in germany . 
  both are very beautiful places . 
  yeah , i 'd say so . 
  i really like it , anyway . 
  i 'm not much of a drinker , so cider is a nice alternative . 
  i do n't have much of an opinion either way . 
  had a lovely time when i was on vacation in crete as a kid , but have n't been back since then . 
  i 'm sort of aware of your monetary troubles , but since sweden is not part of the euro i only follow what 's happening there very loosely . 
  oh , and you know , the cradle of european civilization . 
  hahahaha . 
  i 've never encountered that description of greeks before . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  they are the only european royal family that i really view as distinctly royal . 
  most others ( including ours ) just seem to be these ceremonial relics from a bygone age . 
  there 's nothing wrong in that - in fact , that 's kind of why i like our king - but the british royal family still seems like a cut above the rest . 
  i 'm under no illusions that they hold any more power than the other royal families in europe , but they are symbolical in a whole other way . 
  to some extent , i view them as the symbol of european monarchy , just like the individual royal families ( including the british one ) are symbols of their respective countries . 
  all of this might just be because the queen is a badass , though ; i do n't know if i 'll feel the same when the crown is passed down from her . 
  maybe then the british royal family will just be one among the others . 
  you 're too big to really nail down in any one specific way . 
  but you do a lot of great comedy that i very much enjoy , so there 's that . 
  it think fredrik wid\u00e9n , who was shot in 2007 , was the latest to be killed ( excluding accidental deaths ) . 
  wintery stuff . 
  ice hockey , curling , that kind of thing . 
  a few years ago i would have said skiis , but them norwegians are just ridiculously good at the moment . 
  a very long and never-ending moment . 
  that 's just cheating . 
  you ca n't have both a beautiful building and that kind of nature . 
  even an outhouse would look lovely in those surroundings , and that building ai n't no outhouse . 
  it 's just not fair . 
  leave some for the rest of us . 
  i remember news stories from when i was a kid about how tourists had a tendency to take our traffic signs warning of moose . 
  i remember especially german tourists being singled out as the culprits , but i 'm not sure if that was just guesswork or if they actually were the offenders . 
  either way : why on earth would you take something like that ? 
  not only is it 's a pointless souvenir , but you 're actually taking down a bloody * warning sign * . 
  trust me , you do n't want to hit a moose with a car , so leave the signs up where drivers can see them and be on their guard . 
  nowadays our souvenir shops actually sell those types of signs so there 's no longer any need to steal them . 
  ah , yes , i tried to remember what the nickname for gustavus adolphus was , but i could n't for the life of me do so . 
  thanks for helping out . 
   the other two i had no idea about , however . 
  it 's always pretty fascinating to compare archaeological findings between different locations . 
  a million year old remains ? 
  we have absolutely nothing like it . 
  sure , we have some ancient history going back a few thousand years , but in the grand scheme of things it was n't * that * long ago since northern europe was basically just a frozen wasteland where no one could live . 
  but look just a little bit south and you find these incredibly old remains . 
  i 'm having a hard time finding the right words to describe why i think it 's so cool , but there 's such a clear line where people have been able to live for millions of years , and where they have n't been able to do so . 
  it 's fascinating to think that our relatively close european neighbors ( compared to the rest of the world ) has a history that stretches back * waaaaay * longer than ours do . 
  the first two things that comes to mind are birka and the vasa ship . 
  the former is known as `` the first city in sweden '' , even if that 's perhaps not technically true .
