  the fact that they almost exclusively live in the norrland part of sweden ( ie . 
  the northern half of the country ) makes the southern half incredibly safe in terms of wild predators . 
  i ca n't even remember reading about a single swedish bear attack , and unless you really seek out the most remote parts of northern sweden , and then the small bear regions within those parts , you should be just as safe as the rest of us . 
  or to put it another way : the scariest animal i 've ever seen up close has been a bunch of cows when i crossed a field once , because holy moly are they big !, 
  we have bears ( and wolf and lynx ) , but we do n't have many people where they roam so it 's usually not a problem . 
  as far as i know , anyway . 
  i hear a bit more about wolves causing troubles . 
  not by attacking people , but by going after livestock etc. 
  [ well ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cci18qaokq4 ), 
  you have to really go out of your way to piss of a bear , though . 
  we have them ( and wolf and lynx ) , but usually further north than most people here live . 
  i live in the stockholm area and i 've never been afraid of anything when i 've gone camping in the wild hereabouts . 
  depending on when you go you could end up here during crayfish season . 
  we use to have a thing called [ * kr\u00e4ftskiva * ] ( https://www.thelocal.se/20140807/swedish-crayfish-party ) , which tends to be translated as `` crayfish party '' , somewhere around august/late summer . 
  it 's something i 've only had privately with friends and family , but i suspect that there must be restaurants that capitalize on the tradition . 
  a * kr\u00e4ftskiva * is really fun , so if you do find one ( and are at least somewhat interested in seafood , of course ) i recommend going there . 
  swedish seafood in general is very good . 
  going to a shrimp buffet might be a good idea . 
  i really enjoyed it when i did a few years ago . 
  there is also a '' [ seafood cruise ] ( http://www.skargardslinjen.se/ ) '' going through the gothenburg archipelago , for example . 
  i ca n't recommend it personally because i 've never taken it , but it sounds like something a visiting foodie might be interested in . 
  i do n't find an option to have the website in english , but if you contact them via their email address i 'm sure they could answer whatever questions you may have . 
  if that 's something you 're interested in . 
  i do n't drink , though , so i ca n't really give any pointers there other than to say that at least the * kr\u00e4ftskiva * is closely associated with alcohol . 
   mustard cucumber salad interesting , i 've never heard of that mix before . 
  is the mustard adding some hotness to the cucumbers or just a mild flavor ? 
  i usually use different kinds of mustards , but i 've recently discovered both a chili sauce i really like and a bbq sauce with black garlic and chili that is simply amazing . 
  hahahaha !, 
  it was a hassle getting into montenegro when i was there , coming from croatia . 
  obviously i ca n't really make any generalizations from my one experience entering the country , but croatia being in the eu makes a lot of travel-related things easier . 
  it is a shame , though , because i had a wonderful time in montenegro once we got in . 
  absolutely loved it . 
  i play as sweden whenever i can , and i invade denmark regardless of game . 
  evil aliens threatening the galaxy ? 
  hold on , i just need to make a small detour first . 
  it has grown better and better . 
  i do n't really use it as a subscription service , instead getting it for a maybe month every six months . 
  during that month i binge watch what i want to see and then cancel it again while i wait for new content . 
  i do the same thing for hbo nordic , though , so i usually do have some kind of streaming service running . 
  i have no problem with swedish subtitles , but i do have a problem with shitty swedish subtitles , which is fairly prevalent on netflix . 
  if i could change anything i 'd rather take other european subtitles , though . 
  i suspect that netflix could be a good language-learning tool if you could watch content in whatever language you 'd like , or at least turn on whatever subtitles you 'd like . 
  indeed . 
  getting to `` the continent '' is usually half of the drive to wherever i 've vacationed in the past , when i 've gone by car . 
  thanks !, 
  haha , the more you know . 
  i was just about to reply to your comment above , that well , every language except english might . 
  guess they do it too , then . 
  just in a more roundabout way , via latin . 
  is just walking around in a kilt still common or something that would at least go largely unnoticed in scotland ? 
  i 'm not sure if the kilt is just an ordinary piece of clothing or part of your traditional dress , but walking around in a traditional swedish dress ( outside of certain holidays ) would definitely raise some eyebrows here . 
  probably '' [ the wonderful adventures of nils ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_wonderful_adventures_of_nils ) '' by selma lagerl\u00f6f . 
  it 's a children 's book that is both an overview of swedish nature and wildlife , and a fairy tale . 
  a classic in swedish literature . 
  `` continentals '' is not a phrase i would normally use about other europeans , but i do see where he 's coming from . 
  we might not technically be an island , but we are still pretty isolated from everyone who is n't one of our fellow northern neighbors . 
  before the \u00d6resund bridge was built we were terribly isolated . 
  the only land connection to the rest of europe was * soooo * far up north that it would be an utterly bizarre route to take in order to reach the rest of europe . 
  flying or taking a boat was really the only viable options , which made it seem like we were indeed on an island of sorts . 
  fittingly , a peninsula such as ours is called a `` half-island '' in swedish . 
  it depends on how you define `` safe '' . 
  there are several countries in the middle east that i think are relatively safe from isis and the like . 
  some of those `` safe '' countries are however still not countries i would visit , because of oppressive laws etc. 
  it does n't really matter if there is no terrorism there , if the government oppresses the population instead . 
  there are also some cases where * i * might be fine , as a heterosexual man , but others that i might travel with perhaps would n't be . 
  in those cases i would n't exactly insist on going there anyway . 
  then there are some countries , like lebanon and jordan , that feel fairly safe in both of those regards . 
  at least i have n't heard anything to the contrary recently . 
  israel is a bit of a special case in the region , but feels safe as well . 
  iran is weird . 
  i 'm not sure where i 'd place it on a safe-not safe spectrum . 
  i feel as if i maybe should find it more unsafe than i do , but at least it 's no syria . 
  i 've honestly had a great time wherever i 've gone . 
  i could n't rank the various countries i 've visited on some kind of kindness-scale . 
  hahahaha !, 
  when you said `` for a long time '' , i thought she only learned the truth when she was 17 or something . 
  i was * so confused !, 
  whaa . . ? 
  how long did she believe this ? 
  it 's weirdly uncommon , i 've found . 
  it 's a combination of two very common `` building blocks '' when it comes to surnames , but for some reason i almost never see anyone else with the name . 
  even more strangely , whenever i * do * see someone with the name , it 's always a neighbor , which leads to trouble with me getting the wrong mail or vice versa . 
  i 've had several neighbors with the name , both while i lived with my dad as a kid and as i 've lived on my own after moving out , but other than that i almost never see anyone with the same name . 
  man bags ? 
  i 've never heard of the phrase before , so at first it sounded like those black bags that the police shove corpses into and ship off to a mortuary after a murder . 
  having bulgarian men casually walking around carrying bags such as those seemed weird , but also in line with some kind of stereotype that i ca n't quite put my finger on . 
  but to answer your actual question , no , i do n't use any bags aside from the occasional backpack/other travel-related bag . 
  i always have pockets on my trousers . 
  if i happen to wear shorts , i have pockets on them too . 
  i have some distant relatives in australia ( apparently , though i 've never met them ) , but that 's it in terms of non-european relatives . 
  my aunt and her husband used to have a second house that we would occasionally visit in the summer . 
  they had a boat at a nearby dock , so we would go out sailing . 
  it was fun . 
  they still have the boat , i think , but not the house . 
  my mother comes from finland , so my grandmother owned the house they had over there before moving to sweden . 
  i used to go over there a lot when i was young , but it was so far away from any playmates that kid-me had a tendency to quickly grow pretty bored . 
  my grandmother just sold the house , however . 
  lastly my dad has a sort of job perk that , twice a year , gives him access to a hotel apartment at a swedish ski resort called s\u00e4len . 
  we used to go up there the week before christmas and ski , or visit in the summer and hike in the mountains . 
  good fun .
