  how would the kid even make friends if s/he was completely isolated from the interaction that happens in an ordinary school ? 
  i mean , sure , maybe there 's football practice or something where they can meet other children , but i would have been isolated as fuck if i had n't gone to school . 
  that 's where i met the vast majority of my childhood friends . 
  european : estonia 's is cool . 
  non-european : i really like jamaica 's . 
  i also like several flags in the middle east , especially the red-white-black colored ones ( iraq , syria , yemen ) . 
  there are only small differences between those three so i ca n't pick a favorite of the bunch , but i find the color-combination strangely appealing . 
  it seems i really like black in flags - it 's a running theme through them all now that i put them all side-to-side . 
  it 's well past midnight over here , so i 'll end the discussion by thanking you for an interesting back-and-forth . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with you , but you do make good points and you present a much stronger case for your perspective than i thought you 'd be able to at first . 
  so there 's that , at least . 
   also , it 's fun to have a civil conversation about something like this on the internet . 
  we are in serious unicorn territory here . 
  :p one thing , though : what 's `` the five eyes '' ? 
  i can sort of make out what you mean by it from the context in which you mentioned it , but i have never heard of the term itself before . 
  since i found that my answers work better in another order than they would have wound up in if i just answered the points you made in the order you made them , i 'll move them around a bit for clarity . 
  1 ) i agreed that no one has some kind of innate right to anyone else 's intelligence . 
  however , i do n't think saying '' ... but everyone still wins if we cooperate when it comes to intelligence '' contradicts that in any way . 
  they can opt out of that cooperation , but i view that as a lose-lose situation . 
  4 ) terrorism is something very rare in europe , that non-europeans ( and , admittedly , some europeans as well ) nonetheless tend to be quite scared of as of late . 
  it 's usually worth pointing out that it 's both a very rare occurrence , and something that europe has both dealt with and recovered from successfully in the past . 
  but preventing terrorism is hardly the only use countries have of sharing intelligence with one another . 
  you can also use it to stop the smuggling of guns or drugs or trafficking victims , or criminals crossing borders , or what have you . 
  3 ) i 'm no expert on the inner workings of uk/eu security cooperation , but i come from the perspective that it probably greatly benefits both parties that everyone speaks to each other when it comes to these matters . 
  not just when it comes to the uk and the eu , but between countries in general . 
  if it was a one-way street where uk was the only one supplying the eu with relevant information , then sure , that would be another thing entirely . 
  i just really do n't think that 's the case , especially not in a broader not-just-terrorism sense . 
  4 ) they are the ones rescinding from the eu , and so are in some sense the ones who set the table in terms of how they choose to negotiate that exit . 
  it certainly is n't me . 
  so if they want to bargain with security , well , that 's up to them and not to me . 
  i just do n't see it as a `` if we keep cooperating , eu wins ; if we stop , uk wins '' scenario , but as a `` if we stop , everyone looses '' one . 
  that 's why i think it 's a stupid , kind of asshole tactic to employ . 
  should they do so . 
  not cooperating would just put people ( both brits and eu citizens ) needlessly at risk . 
  finally : i never said it was blackmail . 
  i just think it 's stupid . 
  while i do n't agree with every conclusion / u/no _ real_username arrives at , i fully agree that bargaining with security would be a horrible decision on the uk 's part . 
  it just is n't a valid course of action . 
  with the possible exception of would-be terrorists or other security threats , no one would win anything if that cooperation would fall apart somehow . 
  certainly not the uk itself . 
  no country may have a right to another 's gathered intelligence , but letting anything jeopardizing the current cooperation would be a monumental mistake . 
  if something preventable were to happen in either the uk or the eu because political squabble hampered security cooperation , it would be an unmitigated political disaster ( on top of the actual disaster that such a thing would obviously be ) . 
  i do n't have dreams of people carting me around . 
  it might happen and if so it would be fun , but in the meantime my dreams tend to revolve around what i can do on my own . 
  are finns as close to estonians as estonians seems to be to finns ? 
  i hear a lot of `` finland is our big brother '' from them , but not as much `` estonia is our baby brother ( or however you see them ) '' from finns . 
  it depends . 
  normally , yes , i cheer for the other nordic countries . 
  however , since i 'm half-finnish , there 's an intense inter-family rivalry between the swedish and finnish parts of my family . 
  that tends to lead to me happily cheering for whoever finland competes against when they play ice hockey , since i am firmly on the `` cheers for sweden '' side of the family . 
  however , if there is no active cheering for or against finland within my family , or if i see them playing something other than ice hockey , i generally cheer for them anyway . 
  the other nordic countries i generally only wish the best no matter what . 
  unless they play against sweden , obviously . 
  had a blast when iceland did well in the football euros last year . 
  the swedish cheering for them was immense . 
  it was basically like cheering for ourselves . 
  maybe ? 
  midsummer certainly is n't the hottest day of the year , but should n't it still be fairly nice weather outside unless it 's raining or something ? 
  but how dark does it get at midsummer ? 
  or are you out * really * late ? 
  i 'm just a little confused since midsummer would be the last day i personally would light a fire on ( based on what i like with them ) . 
  we traditionally have bonfires on the last day in april , and even then i can feel that a lot of the charm is lost if it 's lit too early , before it has really gotten dark . 
  basically what it sounds like . 
  a group of scouts with more of a focus on sailing than camping/forest-y things . 
  we still did stuff like that , but we learned how to sail small boats as well . 
  so he has to be of a particular faith ? 
  or did i misinterpret that ? 
  i do n't get burning bonfires on the brightest day of the year . 
  that 's weird in itself . 
  not * as * weird as hopping around dick poles like little frogs , but bonfires are always best when it 's dark and a little cold outside . 
  surstr\u00f6mming . 
  not even the rest of sweden understand why some of us like that . 
  oh , right . 
  i get the feeling most of our neighbors would . 
  such is the lot in life for swedes . 
  haha , fair enough . 
  yeah . 
  we 'd definitely take a bullet for you if it came to that . 
  or at least throw a dane in front of you to shield you from it . 
  interesting . 
  i live just outside stockholm , so finland has always only been a ferry away . 
  i 've been there more times than in all of the other nordic countries combined . 
  couple that with a fanatical interest in ice hockey and a finnish mother/family and they are quite clearly my closest neighbor . 
   so i see what you mean . 
  sweden as a country has close ties to everyone else , but everyone in sweden does n't necessarily have the same ties to every nordic country . 
  well , we do . 
  also . 
  we 're good at multitasking that way . 
  for some reason the map centered on sweden when i opened it , which confused me greatly . 
  had to zoom out to see what country you really meant . 
   is there any group other group of countries thet got friendship is magic rhyme that is taught since kindergarten age and mutual friendship day ? 
  that 's so cute . 
   where does that friendship come from ? 
  i have n't heard of it before . 
  in terms of songs about other countries , the swedish national anthem is all about the beauty of nordic unity . 
  does n't even mention sweden itself . 
  i 'd say the nordic countries in general . 
  i do n't know which two of the five could be said to have the `` best '' friendship of the bunch . 
  i feel that especially sweden has very close ties to everyone , maybe with iceland as a small exception ( we like them , but do n't tease them like we do the others ) . 
  i ca n't speak for finns/danes/norwegians , but i think that we swedes are a little closer to finns ( for historical reasons ) than danes or norwegians are , and vice versa .
