  [ we live in red houses with white borders . 
  ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=r\u00f6tt+hus+vita+knutar&amp;client=ms-android-google&amp;prmd=imvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewii7dtl6qnuahwcdcwkhzytdrgq_auicsgb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=512#imgrc=bdzfpi5ti993km: ) perhaps not so much a foreign stereotype as how we view ourselves/our traditional culture . 
  [ we sound like this . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/b7umux68kte ) not really , no . 
  haha , i remember gr\u00fc\u00df gott from having spent a few summers with bavarian relatives when i was younger . 
  never connected it to god before , though ( `` gott '' means `` good '' in swedish , so i unconsciously thought it meant something like `` good greeting '' ) . 
  i do n't remember if i 've used the phrase when i 've been further north , but if a native speaker comes off as cultish i can only imagine how a non-native speaker sounds . 
  it depends . 
  how i feel about it can differ from day to day . 
  it 's a subject that gets more complicated the more i think about it , so i try not to do so too much . 
  both of my parents are half-swedes , with a german and a finnish mother , respectively . 
  since i have never had any contact whatsoever with my swedish grandfathers or their families , i do n't always feel especially connected to sweden when it comes to ancestral history . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , i 'm basically a second generation immigrant . 
  on the other hand i was born in sweden and was n't brought up in either the finnish or german culture , so i do n't identify as coming from them either . 
  it occasionally leads to a weird feeling of disconnectedness from history where i , for various reasons , do n't really feel like i can claim the history of any of the three countries as my own . 
  so i have my own personal history , and i have sweden 's general history , but i do n't really have any family history tying those two together . 
  if that makes any sense . 
  it barely does to me , so it 's a little difficult to explain . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i tend to lose water access for an hour every now and again for similar reasons , but i 've never lost power . 
  you have planned power losses ? 
  yes . 
  there 's usually plastic bags , paper bags in two different sizes , and then sometimes a bag made out of something a little sturdier that 's meant to be reused every time you come to the store . 
  really ? 
  i live in one of the southern suburbs of stockholm and while blackouts are certainly not common , we do get them every now and again . 
  i remember a few years ago when we got several in quick succession , which was extremely annoying . 
  at least it usually gets fixed fairly quickly . 
  i 've never been out of electricity for too long , just a few hours/overnight at most . 
  that 's a fairly good rule of thumb . 
  how people define the nordic countries rarely annoys me . 
  while i guess that the baltic countries and parts of the uk are * technically * further north than poland without being nordic , people still usually get the nordics right . 
  it 's the usage of scandinavia that bugs me sometimes . 
  it 's really just a subsection ( sweden , norway , denmark ) of the nordic countries ( s/n/d + finland , iceland and all autonomous regions ) , not simply another name for all of them . 
  it 's not a huge deal , but whenever someone 's wrong , i 'm still always aware that they are wrong . 
  you would be the cutest little empire there ever was . 
  yup , this . 
  the people who in the 90 's were always going on about the supposed wickedness of everyone with an * utomnordiskt utseende * , or people who look non-nordic , have nowadays switched their attention to those with * utomeuropeiskt utseende * ( people who look non-european ) . 
  but at the end of the day it 's really just the same old bullshit . 
  they do n't believe in the superiority of the whole white race , just in their own teeny tiny bubble 's . 
  kind of similar to to how i feel when people get scandinavia and the nordics mixed up . 
  because `` is climate change real ? '', 
  is still something that is being discussed politically in the us , with your politicians showing off snowballs in the senate to disprove the notion , and your current president thinking it 's some kind of weird chinese hoax . 
  it means that you wobble in your commitment to fighting it , or are at least * perceived * to be wobbling . 
  not joining climate agreements and withdrawing from agreements you 've previously joined does n't exactly challenge this perception . 
  when you actually are fighting it , though , you do so well . 
  you are , after all , a super power that can lead the charge in any field your political leadership decides to focus on . 
  it 's just a shame that trump 's mind seems to be set on coal rather than clean energy . 
  since i 'm on my phone i have a little trouble getting a proper overview of all of the numbers in the graphs you provided , but i think that two things can be gleaned from them : 1 ) european countries can always do more and regardless of how low the emission numbers might have been initially , stagnation is never a good thing when it comes to environmental work . 
  2 ) the american emissions per capita still seem to be very high compared to the european numbers . 
  norway , germany and poland had less than half of the us 's emissions in 2000 , while france had less than a third of it . 
  in other words , they had a lot less emissions to deal with , and i 'd guess that going from low to lower numbers is harder than going from high to medium . 
  but again , see point # 1 . 
  i ca n't speak for the germans or the french , but the way i see it i think it 's an exaggeration to call you the `` bad guy '' . 
  however , from a european perspective the us government can be fairly annoying when it comes to battling global warming . 
  here , shifts in governments means shifts in the ideas regarding how best to stop it ; meanwhile , in the us , it often means a shift in whether or not the american government actually believes that there * is * such a thing as climate change in the first place . 
  with regards to china , russia , and india , make no mistake : they have hardly been seen in an especially favorable light when it comes to environmental issues . 
  it 's just that when the `` leader of the world '' do n't care about these issues , they have been able to point at your government 's occasional indifference and shrug off their responsibilities as well . 
  the difference this time is that they * do n't * seem to be backing down despite the us doing so , and the us backing out of an agreement that was already in place with the overwhelming support of a staggering amount of countries ( as opposed to simply not joining a new one ) . 
  i used to love spicy food when i was younger , but i 've mellowed out a lot growing up . 
  i still use chilies and hot sauces when cooking , but i probably would n't touch a lot of the stuff i enjoyed trying when i was a teenager/in my early 20s . 
  there are ferries between stockholm ( where i live , kinda ) and helsinki , so it was usually a cheap holiday for me and my family when i was younger . 
  sometimes we 'd go to a summer place we used to own in finland , but we 'd always go through helsinki on our way there . 
  i remember there being this gigantic bookstore , which , as a nerd , i loved . 
  used to always check in there whenever i stepped off the boat and buy books . 
  yes , this , exactly . 
  what would be gained by it ? 
  by less political cooperation , less trade , less traveling and cultural exchange between our two countries/continents ? 
  i see no upsides , just regression . 
  no , i would much rather have a stable president in the oval office that we could work with than a crazy one who we ca n't deal with . 
  the withdrawal might have offered politicians a good opportunity to distance themselves from trump ( if they somehow do n't feel that they 've had one before ) , which they might think of as a `` good thing '' . 
  however , i doubt that anyone really wants to distance themselves from the us as a country , regardless of who is currently running things there . 
  that 's just bad . 
  my twitter and facebook feeds are very , very different with regards to his withdrawal . 
  twitter is really angry , while facebook does n't care . 
  but no one actually supports him in this , no . 
  it 's unbelievably stupid , but unfortunately it 's hardly the first time that american denial of climate change has perplexed the rest of the world , so i guess some people who are not terribly into politics are just too tired to really care now . 
  the positive thing this time is that basically all of the rest of the world still stands behind the agreement , with some other big polluters working towards a solution for their emissions . 
  hopefully the eu , russia and china can lead the way to profitable and sustainable green energy , which will probably force the us back onto the train if they do n't want to be completely left behind . 
  the easiest thing would probably be to take a ferry to finland , either to mariehamn ( closer ) or helsinki ( a bit farther away ) . 
  you get to have a nice time on the boat and then a few hours at whatever location you choose . 
  you might even go to some of the baltic countries , but i 've never taken the ferry there so i do n't know how long it takes or how long you can stay there before you have to leave again . 
  anyway , my point is that taking a longer trip than this would probably require more than just an ordinary weekend . 
  i remember my dad insisting that i 'd follow him on a three-day trip to croatia a few years ago , and that was really hard to fit into my life until a long weekend eventually came up . 
  fair enough . 
  that said , why do you answer a two month old comment now ? 
  it 's not that i mind in any way , it just took me * quite * a while to realize what you were talking about . 
  most live in bavaria , in or around tegernsee . 
  i also remember visiting another relative that lived a bit further north , but i 've only been there once when i was a little kid and ca n't remember the name of the town for the life of me . 
  i have family in germany so it 's kind of a no-brainer , but even if i do n't visit them i just love the country to bits . 
  i 've always had a lovely time no matter where in germany i 've gone . 
  i also really like italy . 
  i 've been to a few different places , but tuscany is my favorite * by far * . 
  it 's such an incredibly beautiful region . 
  i have a fairly positive view of asians in general , but not too much of an opinion of filipinos specifically . 
  i used to freelance for a site and had a fellow freelancer who was filipino , and she 's both a great writer and a nice person . 
  but other than her , i do n't think i have met any other filipinos . 
  i do know , from a chinese friend , that things are n't always as great as they should be , with people being assholes/generally thoughtless occasionally . 
  it 's kind of sad , because she 's always been a wonderful person . 
  it 's not like i know a lot of people who somehow `` deserve '' to be treated that way , but she certainly deserves it the least of everyone i know . 
  the comic sans of countries ?
