  northern europe seems to be [ a good place ] ( https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/03/europes-most-entrepreneurial-country?utm_content=buffer239df&amp;utm_medium=social&amp;utm_source=twitter.com&amp;utm_campaign=buffer ) to start looking , but i ca n't really answer you questions better than that since it 's really far out of my personal expertise . 
  finland : ice hockey . 
  norway : skiing . 
  denmark : life in general . 
  also football . 
  i have always loved tegernsee in bavaria , germany . 
  it 's an amazingly beautiful little town . 
  i also wish i could remember where me and my father stayed while we where in tuscany . 
  that was an amazing place as well , but i ca n't for the life of me remember the name . 
  dammit . 
  maybe it 's a little early to say so but i think that anna lindh , our foreign minister who was murdered in 2003 , surviving her stabbing would have altered the following 14 years significantly . 
  she was the crown princess in the social democratic party , assumed to take up the leadership position when the prime minister at the time stepped down . 
  but instead that party has been in decline ever since , with no effective leaders or visions . 
  the sad state of swedish politics can hardly be blamed on one political figure not influencing one party , but i really would have wanted to see what she could have done with the social democratic party nonetheless . 
  i am not bothered by our consumption of american popular culture per se . 
  there is no way sweden could make our own game of thrones , so let them make it . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i wish the rest of the world could be a little more accepting of non-american media so that everything did n't have to cater to either americans themselves or non-americans expecting american-like culture , but by and large i do n't have a problem with american media . 
  what i do have a problem with is more on the political side of things . 
  that 's where i do n't want the world to follow sheepishly behind the us no matter what . 
  how well we establish our independence goes a bit up and down with the times , but relinquishing that independence too much is rarely a good thing . 
  well , first of all , there 's no need to be rude about anyone 's language skills . 
  then you 're just an asshole . 
  feel free to tell them i said so . 
  but i think that the easiest way to get people to talk german to you , or at least allow you to practice your own german , is to speak to your german friends/colleagues about it and try to establish your relationship . 
  have them understand the situation you 're in and try to get them to accept your broken german for a little while so that you can get better at it . 
  maybe you can practice for an hour a day with them or something , and then carry out the rest of the day 's conversations in whatever language is easiest for everyone ? 
  you 're probably a lot more likely to enlist their help than that of strangers in the street via small talk . 
  because from the stranger 's perspective , being helpful by switching to a language you 're both better at also allows them to train * their * foreign language skills during the conversation . 
  it probably seems like a win-win for them . 
  plus , while i ca n't speak for the culture in germany , there really is n't that much small talk between strangers in sweden . 
  combine that with what u/bonvin said , and having someone trying to start a conversation you 're not interested in having in a language they do n't master ... it 's easy for that to get kind of annoying . 
  so , again , talk to your friends . 
  they are the people most likely to help you , to tolerate your feeble attempts to get better , * and * to actually be rewarded eventually by you learning their language and being able to take part in deeper conversations with them . 
  anything by ingmar bergman . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  we have a horrible current government , a terrible opposition , and the racists . 
  how 's that for a shit sandwich ? 
  since everyone seems to have given up on the values i value , i might just look up whoever proposes the most relevant health care changes from my perspective and vote for them . 
  i do n't like voting like that - just based on one single issue , damned be the rest - but if no one offers up anything else then i do n't know how i 'd otherwise choose between them . 
  yeah , i can imagine that it must be difficult to just be a tourist , doing happy stuff , creating fun memories to take back home , when something like that has just happened to the country you 're visiting . 
  i think it would be pretty cool to have an american state in the middle of europe . 
  just like hawaii seems to be a bridge between the cultures of the us and the pacific islands , perhaps a swiss state could be the same for american culture and ours ? 
  except for a would-be suicide bomber who i think accidentally detonated his bomb while still in his car ( leaving no one dead but himself ) , we have n't had any such attacks in sweden . 
  that said , what anders behring breivik did in norway in 2011 struck really , really hard here too . 
  they are our brothers and sisters , perhaps more than any other nordic country . 
  there are countless ties between us , and i remember several people i knew on twitter knowing people at ut\u00f8ya . 
  i followed what happened in a weird sort of real time , well ahead of the official news coverage , due to people i knew getting information from people they knew . 
  it was horrific and extremely confusing , and without any official information you could only rely on an ever-growing number of eyewitness accounts telling tiny parts of the whole story . 
  but not even those could prepare you for just how devastating the attacks actually ended up being . 
  it was a bad day , and a day that will always be `` this past summer '' in my memory , no matter how many summers have passed since . 
  i 'm not really stoked about people * wanting * to learn swedish , but i respect those who actually do . 
  there 's a pretty huge difference between the two . 
  if you have n't mastered the language yet , then i often feel a bit uncomfortable listening to you speak . 
  especially if you have english as a native language , i * know * that my english is better than your swedish by miles , so ca n't we just use english ? 
  but as i said , if you do master the language , then respect to you . 
  that 's cool and proves a dedication to our culture that is admirable . 
  hahahaha , yeah , i recognize that ... , 
  it 's called v\u00e5rby . 
  yeah , those are exactly the kind that 's there . 
  moose , meatballs and reindeer ... plus tons of death metal . 
  do people really not know what you mean when you say the netherlands ? 
  i get that people confuse it with holland all the time and might not know the difference between the two , but not knowing what `` the netherlands '' is at all seems really ignorant to me . 
  yeah , i remember being equally bewildered by this tradition back in some other thread where it came up . 
  i , too , thought of another type of swinging at first . 
  my mother lives just beside an old viking burial ground . 
  it 's surrounded by all of the usual stuff you find in a suburb - apartments , a school , a small shopping center , a beach , a couple of bus stops and so on - but if you look inside the fenced-off area in the middle of it all you see the small rolling hills where people where buried a thousand years ago . 
  it 's also the site of the largest silver treasure ( from the viking age , discovered in 1871 ) ever found in that part of sweden . 
  but if you do n't know how the graves from that time look like , you 'd never guess what it was . 
  there are n't any tombstones or shrines or anything . 
  yeah , i second that . 
  i have a hard time seeing anyone being remembered a 1000 years from now , but if someone is , it 'll probably be those who pioneered the research and/or exploration that will hopefully be what the next 1000 years are all about . 
  no , not unless i 'm doing something that necessitates moving from indoors to outdoors and back again often ( such as moving or preparing a meal outside or something ) . 
  i wear what i have under the shoes when i take them off ; i do n't put anything else on . 
  so if i 'm barefoot , i 'm barefoot indoors . 
  if i have socks on , i have socks on indoors . 
  at home i walk around barefoot . 
   confused nordic screaming the reason why there are so many metal bands coming out of the nordics : people venting about shoes worn indoors . 
  i adore blackadder , and just rowan atkinson in general . 
  i have a hard time coming up with any swedish series i 've liked as much . 
  maybe pistvakt , a spoof on baywatch where a trio of brothers guard a piste in the far north of sweden . 
  regarading swedish representation in american media , i 'll leave you with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7umux68kte ) and say nothing further . 
   also traditionally dog 's name should have r in it to make it good protector as that 's the sound they make when growling hehe , right as i was reading that a dog started growling in the background of a song i was listening to . 
  felt ... weird . 
  interesting tradition , though . 
   berramusalthorn never heard of that name before . 
  sounds like something that would open a portal to hell if spoken out loud . 
  i used a variety of different guns while in the military ; i have no interest in ever using one again . 
  what region would that be ? 
  i 've never heard of it . 
  well , the local teams i root for usually suck , so i do n't follow them ( or the league itself ) too closely . 
  i keep tabs on them , but since their performance rarely justifies an active interest i only watch the occasional game . 
  when it comes to the national level , it really depends on the sport . 
  football and ice hockey are the two biggest sports in sweden , and there 's a dramatic difference between how our teams perform in them . 
  we suck at football ( but everyone still watches it , because it 's huge anyway ) but are among the top three countries in the world when it comes to ice hockey . 
  so when the national football team plays , i do n't really have any high expectations on them beyond hoping that they qualify for various tournaments . 
  when they 're there ( if they are ) i 'm happy if they win a game or two , but i do n't really expect them to advance anywhere . 
  in ice hockey , i always expect a medal . 
  we are good enough that a gold medal is never really out of reach , but russia and canada will always be favorites . 
  i 'm not that into sports news of any kind , but i do follow what happens with our star soccer player zlatan ibrahimovic .
