  at least i * think * i 've got relatives in finland . 
  i * must * have . 
  i just have no contact whatsoever with that part of my family . 
  i do have some contact with my german relatives , though . 
  i used to go down there for vacation every now and again when i was younger , even if it was a while since . 
  lovely bunch , they mostly live in bavaria . 
  i love it down there . 
  i have always really dug minority report . 
  it 's a perfect example of the type of science fiction i like best . 
  one of the funniest scenes , if you 're swedish , is [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d25deeokjoa ) . 
  i do n't know who the actress is , but the crazy doctor is peter stormare . 
  their swedish exchange is hilarious and the song she 's singing is absolutely bizarre given the context . 
  the lyrics are about small frogs looking funny , and it 's a traditional song that 's sung at midsummer . 
  i have no idea how any of that came to pass but i love that it did . 
  i did n't know it was swedish . 
  scandinavian , sure , but i always assumed that it was either danish or norwegian due to the name . 
  just to add to that , even in my little suburb ( 10 or so miles outside of stockholm ) there 's an indian restaurant . 
  i love it , even if the best ones are still in stockholm . 
  i thought about just copying my answer from another thread about the differences between different regions within countries , but it asked about more general differences , so i did n't focus on the people in the different regions specifically . 
  i did n't say too much about southerners because i 'm not sure how to sum up them , but i guess that the whole reserved/outgoing line that goes from north to south in europe in general is somewhat true for sweden as well - which would make southerners more open ( maybe ) and northerners more reserved ( that 's certainly the stereotype ) . 
  however , i do think that west coasters ( and gothenburgers in particular ) are seen as the most friendly among us , so that line might not be * entirely * true . 
  i have n't seen stockholm being compared to any city at all ( even if it does promote itself as `` the venice of the north '' sometimes ) , and i have n't been to north america so i ca n't make any comparisons of my own . 
  if anyone knows of cities similar to stockholm ( or any city in sweden ) i 'd be interested in hearing about it . 
  her refusal to answer offends you ? 
  also the constant jokes about swedes being [ swedes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rutabaga ) . 
  santa is just a remorseful viking , travelling around the world and giving back everything he stole way back when . 
  yeah , alaska is probably a pretty apt comparison . 
  you 're welcome back !, 
  i can recommend gothenburg on the west coast ( they are the ones stereotyped as constantly jovial ) . 
  and the further north you go , the more magical the landscapes get . 
  at least in my limited experience up there . 
  i do n't see how any of these opinions would get the cops called on you , unless you actively incite violence against the american government or something along those lines . 
  but you 're free to hold whatever opinions you want , however ridiculous they might be . 
  in terms of which of these would be socially acceptable , i think 4 is a no-brainer while 5 would be fairly accepted . 
  10 is tricky , since syria is such a clusterfuck at the moment . 
  just look at iraq and afghanistan - neither is especially stable after ~ 15 years of intervention , yet both were probably more `` fixable '' than syria is right now . 
  so while i think that there is a general sentiment that we should do something about syria , i doubt you 'd find support much for sending hundreds of thousands of troops there without a rock-solid plan . 
  i 'm also think that nato straight-up invading other countries in order to install a new regime is the wrong way to go . 
  it 's a defensive pact , not an offensive alliance . 
  i dislike the thought of the west , more or less united , going about invading sovereign nations just because we do n't like their leaders ( however horrible they might be ) . 
  it just seems like the start of something really , really bad . 
  the other points are either just weird or crazy , with some being both . 
  i do n't often see many `` stands '' of any kind , but i live right by a restaraunt that serves kebab in many different shapes , so i see the dish itself very often . 
  it has been too long since i saw it for me to give a really good answer to that , but i seem to remember a lot of characters being stupid for the sake of plot development , and the script asking a lot of semi-interesting questions that were never given satisfactory answers . 
  i basically liked the first third of the movie - the general setup of the movie 's premise - but not the middle act ( people being stupid ) or the end ( unsatisfactory ) . 
  i also really dislike the `` ancient alien '' type of stories that tries to redefine human history or evolution . 
  it * can * work , but rarely does ; and did n't , for me , in prometheus case . 
  but that 's more of a personal annoyance . 
  surstr\u00f6mming ? 
  agreed , but i have northern friends who somehow swear by it . 
  which is why everyone else think northerners are weird . 
  i have a weird tendency to dislike things that are typical for various holidays , such as porridge ( christmas ) and boiled eggs ( easter ) . 
  my dislike for eggs have waned somewhat as i 've grown older , but i still hate porridge with a passion . 
  last time i tried it i learned that i 'm more or less physically unable to eat it . 
  i also have no desire to try [ surstr\u00f6mming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/surstr%c3%b6mming ) , but i have n't actually eaten it so technically i ca n't say that i dislike it . 
  fair enough , then . 
  in my opinion ... well , let 's just say that i had higher hopes for the movie than it managed to fulfill . 
  well , to be fair , that says more about prometheus than about you . 
  there are a lot of different regions with different cultures , but i think it might be easiest to just focus on the differences between south , central and northern sweden . 
  south sweden is slightly warmer and closer to denmark ( both geographically and historically/culturally ) , which influences them a lot . 
  although perhaps not as much as non-southerners think . 
  central sweden has the two biggest cities , including the capital , which means that it gets a lot of focus . 
  it 's where most people who visit sweden end up , unless they either make a point of going to the far north or physically come from the south , via denmark , and opt to stay there instead . 
  especially stockholm also gets a lot of political focus , which can fairly justifiably annoy a lot of non-stockholmers . 
  the people on the west coast tend to be seen as very friendly , while people on the east coast are rude . 
  and finally the north . 
  people here are generally stereotyped as pretty slow . 
  not in the sense of being stupid , but more in how they act and speak . 
  but `` northerner '' is a pretty weird term , because it 's very vague . 
  what most non-northerners consider `` the north of sweden '' is actually most of sweden ( just under 60 % ) . 
  if you do n't live there it 's a fairly big chance you 've never been there , at least in my experience . 
  just to put things in perspective : the distance between stockholm and kiruna ( one of the northernmost towns ) is about the same as between malm\u00f6 in southern sweden and milan in northern italy . 
  it 's vast distances - at least in a european context - of mostly empty spaces and very little people . 
  the very north of sweden/the other countries up there is n't called `` the last european wildland '' for nothing . 
  i really like joakim th\u00e5str\u00f6m . 
  he 's a singer and songwriter who has been involved in several great bands and as a solo artist , and he has the greatest swedish voice in my opinion . 
  like th\u00e5str\u00f6m , i really like maynard james keenan and the various bands he 's been involved in , especially tool and a perfect circle . 
  i 'm not as fond of his mostly-solo endeavors with puscifer , even if certain songs are magnificent . 
  kent are great too . 
  they 've made 10 + albums of which i only like maybe four , but i on the other hand * love * those albums . 
  system of a down and deftones are two other favorites , as well as the swedish band khoma . 
  cult of luna if metal counts . 
  and then i have tons and tons of other bands i like in the genre . 
  too many to name . 
  i 've always been a fan of rock . 
  yeah . 
  and the knug . 
  they are insanely popular in scandinavia ( and would be on my list as well ) , but i did n't think they ever made it * anywhere * outside of our little corner of the north . 
  glad to see i 'm wrong . 
  i would n't have if it were n't for the fact that a lot of people tend to shit on the school for being overtly progressive , with a focus on gender studies and stuff like that . 
  i studied sociology so i only learned about those things tangentially , but overall the education did me good and i 'm glad i went there . 
  it * is * a not-ideal school in some respects , though . 
  just not for the reasons that are often put forth by people who dislike feminism etc. 
  oh , too many to count . 
  they usually involve danes , danish and either potatoes or porridge . 
  it might not sound like that could set up too many jokes , but you 'd be surprised . 
  interesting . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  we do have some minority language news/tv shows , but everything else is generally in swedish . 
  so long as everything works as it should , it is what unites everyone regardless of their other languages .
