  at least no one with the power to do anything . 
  it 's all pretty complicated and i do n't really have the energy to go into it , but let 's just say that i 'm * very * glad to have a family who can support me while i try to sort things out without much support from the government . 
  edit : forgot a word , fixed it . 
  it has a tendency to mean different nsfw things in other languages , which is always fun . 
  before a school trip to germany , our german teacher cautioned us that it sounds remarkably like the german word for `` fucking '' ( i think it 's `` ficken '' , but being a responsible adult , she did n't teach us the actual german word ) . 
  anyway , asking out people for a quick fuck just to get to know them , well , it might lead to misunderstandings . 
  or unexpectedly good times , who knows ? 
  i do n't know if i find any particular nationality `` cooler '' than every other . 
  to me , that sounds like such a weird thing to think . 
  i do find * some * americans cool , but i find a lot of people cool . 
  the icelandic football team was cool as all hell in the latest euro cup . 
  charlize theron ( south africa ) was really cool in mad max : fury road - and honestly , just generally as well . 
  jaromir jagr ( the czech republic ) just gets cooler with age . 
  * shrugs * there are cool people everywhere . 
  yeah , that was such a national disaster . 
  it 's really just ms estonia that compares . 
  that insane feeling that an unimaginable amount of people just were n't coming home . 
  really struck hard . 
  what happened ? 
  having so few casualties among so horrifically many injured seems ( with all due respect to those who unfortunately did n't survive ) pretty miraculous despite the tragedy . 
  my first thought after the beslan attack was the hostage situation in a moscow theater a couple of years earlier . 
  i still remember following that on the news , just feeling sick . 
  even as a kid . 
  or perhaps especially as a kid . 
  but as / u/trycatch1 said , unfortunately there was a lot of shit happening at the time . 
  i think singling out the beslan attack among them is the right thing to do . 
  i first thought you meant schyman . 
  i know she is n't exactly universally loved , but i did n't remember her causing rural havoc in 2005 . :p but yeah , you 're entirely correct . 
  might be worth mentioning that gigantic forest fire in 2014 too . 
  i do n't really know what the lasting effects were , but man , it really tore up the place . 
  well , a single curt `` no '' would have been the blunt way to put it , and we ca n't have that now , can we ? 
  i appreciate your help , but given what / u/dsmid said , uh ... is n't sharing all of these tricks kind of close to treason ? 
  who knows when the swedish hordes will return ? 
  * whistles innocently as i dance through your defenses *, 
  what , exactly , is the definition of a chick flick ? 
  i 've really liked several rom coms , but i do n't necessarily think of them as chick flicks . 
  but if it counts , notting hill . 
  i have n't seen it in quite a while , but i loved it when it first came out . 
  hugh grant is just adorable . 
  well , i 'm a large guy so i buy my clothes at dressmann , since they have a `` big clothes for big guys '' branch . 
  they are norwegian , though . 
  but close enough . 
  haha , what a niche to carve for yourself . 
  dominating the shoe repair shop market . 
  well , look at that . 
  hahaha . 
  you 're really good at coming up with stuff meant to kill us , either historically , currently or during the robopocalypse . 
  i do n't know if i think that the system itself is outdated , but the rise of our lovely `` sweden friends '' has complicated things considerably . 
  no one wants to work with the swedish democrats because of their history in nazism and current inability to wash away their old brown colors from their new fancy suits . 
  the problem is that they are still getting votes and ended up being the third biggest party in the latest election . 
  you can ignore them if you want - i 'm all for that - but you ca n't ignore that they are in parliament and that their position there has shifted the balance . 
  barring an utterly catastrophic election by the other side , it 's no longer possible for any bloc to get a majority of the seats . 
  therefore the opposition can always vote down any suggestion if they unite and the swedish democrats join in as well . 
  it led to complete chaos in 2014 . 
  the two blocs need to realize that they need to find solutions across the divide if they are to get a majority of the seats and be able to govern . 
  but if not it 's going to get complicated . 
  again . 
  so basically the `` finland does n't exist '' conspiracy , but taken seriously ? 
  ha , look at that . 
  i double checked the previous dutch currency before writing the last comment so that i was n't making a fool of myself and you were indeed using a `` dutch dollar '' or something before the euro . 
  seems like i should have looked just a little further back . 
  is n't `` iceberg '' a weird half-english , half-german word ? 
  that 's what i was taught . 
  by some random corner of the internet . 
  edit : also , how come you came up with the name of a currency you do n't use ? 
  it now seems like such a wasted opportunity to not having translated `` poltergeist '' into `` bullergast '' before it reached swedish cinema . 
  cool . 
  * makes mental note in my german vocabulary * one step closer to complete german mastery !, 
  :d thanks . 
  being white , i do n't really think that i 'm the best one to comment on how sweden looks on or treats black people in general . 
  i have met enough swedes with a different skin color than mine to know that things are not always peachy , so i 'd rather leave that question for a black swede to answer . 
  but i 've personally mostly had positive , academic experiences of black people . 
  met quite a few somalis when i studied sociology , one of whom was probably the best study partner i 've ever had . 
   there are also quite a few talented black comedians and singers in sweden . 
  what 's that ? 
  never heard of the english expression before . 
  but on the other hand i 'm not sure if i 've ever heard of * any * english word for sl\u00f6jd , so why not ? 
  does the `` polter '' part of poltergeist mean anything ? 
  is it referring to a specific type of `` geist '' ? 
  i do n't know the origin of the danish word , but in swedish we got it from german . 
  then we `` translated '' it into * skadegl\u00e4dje * . 
  german has impacted swedish for so long that it 's actually kind of hard to see at first , since some words have been here for so long that we 've kind of `` swedish-ified '' them . 
  it was only when i started learning german that i realized how many words we 've gotten from you . 
  words i really like and thought were pretty unique to swedish , like * skadegl\u00e4dje * ( schadenfreude , as you mentioned ) or * fingertoppsk\u00e4nsla * ( fingerspitzengef\u00fchl ) . 
  nope !, 
  german . 
  i do n't have any relevant information or advice to give you , so i 'll just wish you the best of luck instead . 
  ah , of course !, 
  they would have come from a state that no longer exists , and not from modern day ukraine/belarus . 
  my logic failed me . 
   thanks for the explanation . 
  huh , i had n't even considered that . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  i do n't usually drink and when i occasionally do so i do n't go beyond tipsy , so i do n't have any personal stories . 
  however , i sort of have a story . 
  at least of the aftermath of a seemingly crazy night out . 
  see , i was in the military ten or so years ago . 
  it was two platoons of us radio operators and one platoon of logistics guys , all sharing the bottom floor of our barrack . 
  we would stay in the barrack during weekdays , but we usually had the weekends off and could go home as long as we were back in time the next monday . 
  the logistics guys were known to be a bit more rowdy than us radio guys , but we all got along well enough .
