  let me make an example : i harbor this pipe dream of writing a bestselling book . 
  since the market for niche genres is pretty much non-existent in sweden , i 've been toying with the idea of trying to write the book in english , going for the anglosphere market instead of the swedish one . 
  but if i ever do finish my book - heh , assuming i ever * begin to write * my book - i 'd try selling it to an american or a british publisher . 
  the chance of a book published in the us ending up in new zealand seems infinitely higher ( although , of course , still very small ) than the chance of one published in new zealand ending up in the us . 
  i 'm not really a relationship type of guy , but if i were to ever find myself in one , i 'd want it to be monogamous , yes . 
  there are no school shootings here . 
  we did have a knife attack in ( i think ) 2015 , but that 's so outside the norm that there is n't any reasonable need to have drills preparing children for it . 
  i think that we have a bigger imprint in some sectors than we should have , given our size . 
  be it in music ( too many to mention ) or in game development ( paradox interactive , secretly running ea , and a shit ton of indies ) or in technology ( spotify and skype , just to mention a few ) , we 're doing very well for ourselves and it 's really cool to see . 
  that these are areas in which i have an active interest only makes things better . 
  now we only need a movie production scene to rival hollywood and i 'm set . 
   we literally broke in two and started killing each other !, 
  we shelled our own towns , killed our own brothers , razed our own cities to the ground !, 
  kind of sounds like the yugoslavian civil war in the 90 's , no ? 
  when i went to croatia a couple of years ago i was looking through the tourist information to get an idea for where we would take a day trip and literally every location had been bombed or shot up during the war . 
  finland also had a rather horrific civil war in 1918 . 
  while not a civil war per se , germany was split in two until very recently . 
  so no , i do n't look at you differently . 
  these things happen , unfortunately , even to the best of us . 
  really interesting !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  they do n't put on subtitles for people with other strong accents ? 
  when i was a kid i had a friend whose family came from iraq . 
  the nicest people . 
  i 've also had several iranian teachers who fled the regime after the coup . 
  some of the best teachers i 've had . 
  one was a math teachers , but the others taught subjects that they were really passionate about since coming to sweden - how democracy and society works , that kind of stuff . 
  [ minsc understood . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2epjybksykg ), 
  hahahaha , i see where the confusion might set in . 
  :d or maybe your wife is just way more gangsta than she lets on . 
  just setting the tone , not taking shit from anyone , immediately . 
   i 've seen mates of mine talk to girls from northern germany in english because otherwise they just could not communicate properly . 
  really ? 
  i remember a teacher of mine coming from northern sweden , and she once spoke with her native dialect just to demonstrate how it sounded - completely unintelligible to my ear . 
  did n't understand a word . 
  but we could still understand each other just fine as long as she did n't go all in with her dialect . 
  speaking english to another swede sounds completely bizarre to me . 
  are the differences really that big between the german dialects that you have to do that ? 
  * folds out a map of britain * let 's make plans for another great year . 
  what does nasrat mean ? 
  it 's a wonderful combination . 
  i have n't seen banana eaten on any other pizzas , though . 
  there is something with curry and chicken that really makes banana work . 
  indeed . 
  forget sill and kalle anka at jul - crying when listening to balladen om briggen blue bird av hull is truly what unites us swedes . 
  okay , that makes sense . 
  as i said , i 'm not too fond of ketchup , but i can see how people who are might use it like that on pizza . 
  it 's probably not any weirder than our curry/ham/chicken / banana pizzas . 
  they have a tendency to freak out at least americans . 
  you put ketchup on pizza ? 
  i 'm not too fond of ketchup to begin with , but setting my personal taste aside , how does it work with the regular tomato sauce ? 
  do you still have that on the pizza , or does ketchup replace it ? 
  i find the thought of two tomato sauces on the same pizza ( or any dish , really ) a bit ... redundant ? 
  i love the parting glass . 
  such a great song . 
  i first discovered it when [ a swedish version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dbbcafxno6q ) got really popular here a year or so ago . 
  it took a while to get used to the slower tempo of the english original , but eventually i grew to like it just as much . 
  i really like garmarna . 
  their version of the old swedish song [ herr mannelig ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cy44ocuowhe ) is amazing . 
  imperiet was n't a folk band , but they occasionally did covers of that kind of songs , such as [ m\u00e4rk hur v\u00e5r skugga ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssqmu-mywbq ) and [ balladen om briggen blue bird av hull ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hur9wwln4r8 ) . 
  both of them are marvelous , but the latter in particular is just utterly heart-wrenching . 
  that 's probably the best band name out there . 
  hahaha . 
  just curious , though : why does everyone seem to be writing in english in the czech sub ? 
  do you know ? 
  in the sweden sub , it 's swedish all the way , unless a non-swede posts something . 
  hahaha !, 
  yeah , it 's pretty much as u/ccyan explained it . 
  yeah , when i was around 12 or so . 
  i was a fat kid annoyed with all of the non-football training we did and that i sucked at , when i just wanted to play football because that was what was fun . 
  no , i only played for fun in a * very * local club created by some of my friends ' dads . 
  i sucked and did n't make any friends , and coupled with how little actual football i felt that we played i eventually quit altogether . 
  * sues you . 
  * wins . 
  * becomes financially independent . 
  * buys a home in the caribbean and lives happily in the sun . 
  * accidentally says `` soccer '' online . 
  * gets sued and loses it all . 
   this counts as entertainment . 
  that reminded me about something i 'd seen on swedish tv back in the day , so i decided to go looking for it on youtube . 
  now it 's almost 3 am and i 've fallen down a weird and wondrous rabbit hole of bizarre swedish children 's entertainment from the 90 's . 
  there is something hypnotic about [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g5psaukyjeu ) , for example . 
  it 's fan made , but the song is real and weird as fuck if you step back and listen to the lyrics . 
  hm , interesting . 
  it was n't on my radar at all , even though a collaboration between ingmar and ingrid bergman sounds like it could be really good . 
  i 'll have to look it up , thanks for the suggestion !, 
  probably one of ingmar bergman 's . 
  i remember watching some of them as a teenager and just being blown away by the style . 
  the seventh seal is a classic , but i think it was wild strawberries that i loved the most . 
  i have n't seen a berman movie in ages . 
  ought to remedy that some day . 
  hungary is a more popular destination than the netherlands ? 
  huh . 
  and i knew spain was popular , but i would never have thought that it beat our neighboring countries . 
  it 's not too unusual to hear foreigners speak swedish if they 're here to stay . 
  a non-nordic tourist speaking swedish ( other than a few phrases ) would surprise me , however . 
  yeah , i try to listen as much as i can when people from eastern europe talk . 
  you do n't hear much about what happens there , so it 's pretty interesting to hear them talk about ... well , whatever it may be . 
  i might not know what germans or dutch people think about everything , but i know enough for them to not feel as distant as , say , romanians .
