  i enjoy following trustworthy people on twitter who themselves follow different news than i normally do , and therefore spread that news to me ; on facebook i have more of a `` follow everyone i 've ever known '' approach , without much regard for how trustworthy their news selection is . 
   rpg games production that 's one thing i 've never understood about us swedes : we have a thriving games industry , but we seem completely unable to make good rpgs . 
  sure , there are some indie games here and there , but nothing like the witcher/wied \u017amin games for example . 
  all of which are , by the way , awesome . 
  good job , poland . 
  i agree . 
  i 've always felt pretty separated from the rest of ( non-nordic ) europe . 
  it all feels very far away when you 're this far up north . 
  i have n't been to that many castles - they do n't interest me especially - but when i was conscripted back in the day i had to guard the royal palace in stockholm . 
  that was quite an experience , and i got to live in the castle when not on duty outside . 
  celebrated easter there . 
  i remember that we had this huge paper egg filled with candy that we were munching on during breaks . 
  good times . 
  i do n't have any examples of tourists coming here and speaking funny swedish . 
  it 's such a small language that people who do n't know it natively generally either learn it for real ( if they plan on staying ) or not at all ( since you 'll do fine with english for a short stay ) . 
  but i did remember charlie sheen trying to speak swedish on spin city . 
  [ it 's hilariously bad ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b4r2tbahqse ) . 
  the woman at the end sounds better , even if that 's not especially hard after sheen 's attempt . 
  she still sounds incredibly american and not really `` good '' at all , but it 's not as offensively bad as sheen 's attempt . 
  it 's like she 's at least mimicking what some underpaid vocal coach once said , while sheen just seems to have been given the swedish part of the script without any further instructions . 
  there 's usually something fun that happens . 
  either there are legitimately good acts or europe bands together to kick bigotry in the balls somehow . 
  whatever 's the case , it 's usually fun to watch . 
  i 've kind of burned out on sweden 's month-long eurovision song selection process , though . 
  people are pretty religious about it here and i 'm ... well , not . 
  at all . 
  i will admit to not even thinking of that , which , looking back , seems pretty weird . 
  somehow , my mind just went into `` quietly survive this '' mode . 
  that said , we were in/around a castle the entire time , so i do n't think that there were any clothes shops there . 
  sounds similar to how things were in sweden last time we had conscription , then . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how it 's being set up this time , but i 'd guess it 's along those lines again . 
  hahahaha , oooooh , i love that term . 
  no , i adore that term . 
  you can choose ? 
  we had a couple of different lengths of service , but as far as i remember they were all assigned to us . 
  i was in croatia with my father once , and we decided to rent a car and drive to montenegro for a day trip . 
  we enter this kind of no man 's land between the two countries , and apparently the security guy checking everyone at the montenegrian border had n't turned up that day . 
  there 's this long-ass line of cars just waiting for one dude to arrive so that he can begin letting people in . 
  takes an hour or so of just waiting in scorching heat before he finally comes and begins to let people through ; even so , it 's slow going . 
  but fine , we 're on the montenegrian side of the border . 
  wonderful country . 
  lovely nature and weather , i thoroughly enjoy it . 
  thing is , after being in that line for so long , i really - * really * - need to go to the bathroom . 
  but the roads are so narrow so there 's nowhere to park , and we 're just driving beside a mountain so there are no gas stations along the road . 
  we finally arrive at our destination , and while my dad gets a table at a restaurant i run after a toilet . 
  i rush in , startling a girl who 's washing her hands at the sink , dive into a stall , unzip my shorts and sit down . 
  turns out , there was a hole in the toilet . 
  piss just streams out of it , covering the floor and leaving a huge stain on my shorts . 
  wonderful . 
  i clean it up as best i can , but i ca n't really do too much about my shorts . 
  i leave the stall and realize why i probably startled the girl so : i did n't notice the `` ladies '' sign on the door in my frantic quest for a toilet . 
  so not only do i have a huge piss stain on my shorts , i also feel like the worst kind of dude : just running into a ladies ' bathroom , making a typical dude piss mess ( no matter how much i tried cleaning up after myself ) , and running away with my tail between my legs . 
  anyway : i exit , and that 's when the day in montenegro really begins . 
  this really only marks the end of the drive there . 
  so i have to walk around in these shorts , sit and eat at restaurants with these shorts , see the sights with these shorts , and finally drive home in these shorts . 
  luckily they at least did n't stink of urine , but it 's definitely my worst experience abroad . 
  still , i did have a lovely time in montenegro . 
  beautiful country , great food , lovely weather , 11/10 would do again ( minus the bathroom incident , obviously ) . 
  just want to make that clear . 
  it 's possible , but i 've never heard of it . 
  i only mentioned it earlier because it is the one scenario where i feel i could maybe mix the accents up myself . 
  but i meant it more in a `` maybe i 'd think our finnish-speaking northerners are finns '' way , rather than the reverse . 
  have n't really put the theory to the test , though . 
  i seem to remember the one i heard it from being a finn with swedish as her mother tongue , which is what makes it so strange . 
  sweet . 
  need to check it out . 
  it 's very easy to peg someone as a swedish-speaking finn , yeah . 
  the one exception i can imagine would be people from the far north of sweden , where the borders between the two languages are a bit more fluid . 
  i 've heard some stories about swedes thinking that they ( the swedish-speaking finns ) actually speak finnish when they 're speaking their version of swedish , which seems really odd to me . 
  everything i 've heard has - while distinctly finnish-accented - clearly been swedish . 
  i do n't know if there are some finnish-swedish dialects that are harder to distinguish from finnish , but either way they are not mistaken for swedes . 
  grotesco 's great . 
  it 's so incredibly ridiculous . 
  i also hold pistvakt high on my list of best swedish comedy . 
  i loved that show as a kid . 
  have n't rewatched it since so i do n't know if it still holds up , though . 
  another , a little more recent gem : [ vaskduellen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uhepmj3n_wu ) . 
  it depends on the network , but consider shows like game of thrones . 
  i have a hard time seeing such a show ( in terms of nudity ) being produced in sweden . 
  we still air got without any censorship , but hbo seems to have a very different relationship to nudity than swedish tv networks have . 
  i do n't watch a lot of tv , but i was surprised to see a woman who was briefly topless be pixelated in a tv show recently . 
  i guess it might have been for her sake ( since it was an accident ) rather than out of some concern for the viewers , though . 
  otherwise we seem pretty chill with it . 
  we are neither as scared of it as some americans seem to be , nor as gratuitous as some other american shows can be with it . 
  i think that the north of sweden would benefit from a city a little more on par with the three big ones that we have in the south , east and west of sweden ; and the amount of jobs that would probably come with such a large city . 
  i do n't have any particular northern city in mind , but presumably someone that is in the middle of * norrland * and therefore could benefit as large a portion of that region as possible . 
  maybe ume\u00e5 ? 
  it 's a little hard to say . 
  there is an inherent tension in my family ( with one side being pro-finland and another pro-sweden ) that sort of fuels the rivalry in a different way than it would for someone from an `` all-swedish '' family . 
  i have a hard time deciding which of my feelings are `` genuinely swedish '' and which are just the product of my own family 's internal rivalry . 
  since i 'm also not the most social person i mainly just watch sports with my family , and therefor do n't really know how others react . 
  so i do n't have much data to compare it to . 
  that said , i 'm sure there are plenty of other finland swedes who probably find themselves in a similar situation as me , with conflicting allegiances . 
  finnish immigrants are after all , by quite a wide margin , the largest minority group in sweden . 
  interesting . 
  it 's very rare , here in sweden , to hear about the inner workings in latvia or any of the other baltic countries ( despite all of you being so nearby ) , so your comment was very fascinating reading . 
  i 'll think about it , depending on the answers i get . 
  but if anyone beats me to it , i wo n't be too sad , promise . 
  not hating , just curious : why would you ever want to home school your kid ? 
  i 've never understood that .
