  no , not that i can remember . 
  what did they do ? 
  what 's up with that anyways ? 
  i hear it a lot when americans make fun of brits or try to imitate their accents , but i 've never understood where it comes from . 
  well , the former co-leader of the green party was caught using some sort of toxic paint on her boat , for example . 
  there were some other things that related to that boat as well , but i 'm not familiar enough with the nautical terms to really explain it . 
  but obviously it looked bad for the leader of the party whose whole platform is basically `` save the environment ! '' . 
  then she continually put her foot in her mouth , calling 9/11 `` an accident '' and showing a remarkable ability to get things wrong about auschwitz . 
  it was just one disaster after another , and eventually the party decided that they would n't renew their trust in her when the time came to elect their leaders going forward . 
  another minister ( from the same party ) was found to have ties to some radical group in turkey , which did n't go over well either . 
  not that he himself was radicalized or anything like that , mind you , but he was closer to them ( having dinners and so on ) than what was appropriate . 
  so he disappeared as well . 
  they also had one politician ( not a minister , but of the same party as the others ) who had to resign after refusing to shake the hand of a female reporter . 
  the green party has basically been a disaster these last few years , with their public support plummeting . 
  if i remember correctly from the last poll , they would n't be in parliament if it was election today , much less in the government . 
  not really . 
  it depends a little on where i go , but i generally vacation in central europe and i find their weather rather pleasant . 
  their average temperature tends to be about our highest , which is good news if you try to get away from our average temperature . 
   that said , i do n't really see me going on a vacation to some really hot place . 
  25 c is were i 'm happy and anything above that usually just torments me . 
  there is much to like about southern europe , but it 's oppressive heat is not one of those things . 
  travelling further south than that does not really appeal to me , at least not from a weather perspective . 
  i am a swede , after all . 
  while it 's rather sunny today , it was snowing yesterday . 
  a big old snowstorm that just enveloped everything with its inch-wide snowflakes . 
  yeah , he 's just so bland . 
  neither good or bad , even if i 'm not terribly fond of his party 's politics during their turn in power . 
  but i do n't mind l\u00f6fven . 
  he 's not involved in any scandals or other weird stuff like some of the other ministers have been these last few years . 
  i listen to some german bands , like rammstein and seeed . 
  i had german in school but it is n't good enough for me to understand the lyrics fully , so i guess it still counts . 
  i do n't know about a `` culture '' , but me and my family used to go on road trips when i was younger and still lived at home . 
  either within sweden our around europe . 
  great fun . 
  to be fair , our attempts at having colonies were laughable at best . 
  i 'm a comic book fan and have liked the thor comics for way longer than the movies have been around . 
  i remember seeing him pop up in one of those old bill bixby hulk tv movies and going out of my 10 year old mind with excitement , so i think it 's pretty cool to see it all on the big screen as an adult . 
  i just wish the modern movies had n't been as shitty as they 've been . 
  both of them are easily the worst mcu movies , along with iron man 2 . 
  that dampens my excitement for them considerably . 
  luckily thor : ragnarok looks pretty dope , so i 'm holding out hope for that one . 
  but in general , no , i do n't really have a problem with them . 
  the only things that are slightly annoying are stuff around them , not the movies themselves . 
  like how a lot of people only know norse mythology from how marvel depicts it , which is not really a fair representation of the original stories . 
  i do n't mind marvel reshaping stuff to fit it into their world , but if people think that the marvel stories and characters are the actual stories and characters ... that annoys me . 
  a little bit . 
  the originals are delightfully weird in a way the comics are n't , as far as i 've seen . 
  i also see some `` well , now we 've had norse/scandinavian stuff , let 's have something else now '' lines of thinking . 
  while i totally get that mind set , i find it hard to feel especially `` represented '' by the marvel comics . 
  on a surface level , sure , but not beyond that . 
  i would love to see something that actually does the old stories justice , and the thor movies are not even close to that . 
  i do , occasionally , but not nearly as much as i used to . 
  i still read a lot of articles and things like that , but not much fiction . 
  i have a couple of authors ( like stephen king or john ajvide lindqvist ) who i try to read as soon as they come out with something new , but i 'm not as adventurous in my selection of books as i was when i was younger . 
  i was , however , set to travel to the asian part of turkey a few years ago . 
  unfortunately , my feet decided to go on a general strike in the weeks preceding the trip , so i had to cancel and spend those weeks stuck in bed , seeing my mom ( who i would have traveled with ) posting beautiful photos on her facebook page . 
  * grumbles * since then turkey has grown a bit unstable , so while i still want to go there someday , i think i 'll wait things out a bit . 
  not that i could go there even if the opportunity arose , since my feet are still not okay . 
  but someday i 'll go there !, 
  and maybe other places outside of europe . 
  it was n't the best year i 've had . 
  but it 's in the past now , so hopefully things will brighten going forward . 
  if nothing else , i have a computer now . 
  do n't know . 
  i have n't investigated the possibility since there has n't been any elections during the time i 've had my problems . 
  books are good . 
  i also watched more tv than i have in ages . 
  but as for social interactions in the real world ... let 's just say that there are reasons why they are difficult . 
  i do n't really feel like delving into them . 
  most of the time i make do perfectly fine online , but losing a computer complicates thing in that regard . 
  but not only for social reasons ; it 's also really annoying for a lot of practical ones as well . 
  writing emails regularly is way more difficult on a small phone screen than it is on a computer , for example . 
  it 's all just a pain in the butt if you rely in your computer for a lot of things in your everyday life . 
  as a swede , who only ever uses `` du '' when addressing other swedes , `` sie '' is also quite confusing . 
  i understand the general concept - we had it back in the day as well - but it just trips me up time and time again . 
  especially since it affects other words in the sentences . 
  i always mess up . 
  i have no desire to go to a period where we were at war with anyone . 
  especially the danes . 
  dying fighting the danes would just feel so ... utterly wasteful . 
  so somewhere during the last 200 years , during which there has been peace . 
  maybe the 19th century somewhere ? 
  could be cool . 
  if we 're just talking about a very specific historical moment i would like to witness the sinking of the royal ship vasa . 
  it 's such a iconic national embarrassment in swedish history that i 'm kind of curious how it looked and what the reaction was . 
  of course it was a disaster where quite a few sailors died , which i 'm far less keen on seeing , but ... yeah . 
  i do n't know how to see one thing and not the other . 
  guess they come packaged closely together . 
  edit : for some reason i thought that the question was about where i 'd like to go , not just what period i liked . 
  but my anti-war stance still goes , i guess . 
  i do n't have too much interest in all of the wars we were involved in . 
  but my favorite period is probably the 20th century , where the modern swedish society grew forth . 
  i find that pretty fascinating . 
  * laughs and looks down on you from atop four high horses simultaneously , un-swedish-ly *, 
  hahaha , i was alternating between this thread and the `` what is one thing you absolutely ca n't live without '' thread , and when i read this post i thought i was in the other . 
  it seemed like such an odd thing to be unable to live without . 
  perhaps . 
  but since i ca n't walk and therefore ca n't vote properly , that still sounds like a pretty interesting idea . 
  from my perspective , everything that can be done digitally is at least worth investigating . 
  and assuming it actually works in estonia , i figure they have security measures in place to keep the process safe .
