  i get being surprised by your fast internet - i was too when i first heard it - but thinking there 's tundra in lithuania ? 
  that 's so incredibly random . 
  i mean , there 's barely any tundra * anywhere * , just a teeny tiny sliver in the * very * far north . 
  i 'm not even sure if we have any in northern sweden , and that 's saying something . 
  road trips * are * awesome . 
  [ utan dina andetag ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v5ushzjgvyq ) by kent and [ flicka med guld ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kgenx5e-nc ) by joakim th\u00e5str\u00f6m are the two greatest love songs i 've ever heard . 
  masterpieces , both of them . 
  exemplifies the very best of swedish songwriting . 
  i can not laud them enough . 
  i would ban porridge from the christmas dinner table . 
  such a vile tradition . 
  transgressions must be dealt with in a manner befitting the crime , and death seems perfectly suitable . 
  i would overthrow a government for you . 
  there was one in the bathhouse i used to visit when i was younger . 
  swam there every week and used to end with a trip to the sauna before showering and leaving . 
  it was single sex since it was inside the male dressing room . 
  i do n't remember the temperature , but people used to throw water on the heater . 
  i do n't remember if there were any specific rules regarding ( not ) wearing swimming trunks inside , but you were probably nude anyway since it was just beside the shower . 
  i 've been to other saunas as well , but that is the one i 've visited the most . 
  however , i have n't been swimming for a long time , so i have n't been there for ages . 
  i 've always enjoyed saunas , though . 
  that graph hurts my non-colorblind eyes as well . 
  you could probably just go up north and not meet a zombie ( or another person altogether ) for miles and miles and miles . 
  that 's probably what i 'd do . 
  the hardest part would probably be surviving all alone up there if going to town and buying supplies every so often was n't an option . 
  if it was , well dandy , i 'm set . 
  oh , wow , i 've never seen a map like that . 
  i had no idea it was that empty . 
  why is it ? 
  most of the other empty places i can understand - being in the far north or very mountainous - but i do n't know what would make so much of spain uninhabitable . 
  before taking refuge on an island , i recommend reading john ajvide lindqvist 's `` tj\u00e4rven '' about zombies feasting on people visiting an island for midsummer . 
  `` unless they can swim '' is one hell of an assumption . 
  :d i love that story . 
  u/werkstadt , u/rafarealness and u/tonygaze are the ones i can think of without being too influenced/reminded by the other answers already given by others . 
  then there are certain users who i thought of when i saw the question and had a rough name in my mind for , but ca n't remember the exact spelling for . 
  finally , of course , there are a lot of people that i recognize as regulars here , even if they are n't at the front of my mind . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  i mean , take the alcohol out of the equation - how do you drink that amount of liquid , any liquid , in a day ? 
  i had a period earlier this year where i drank a lot of water - maybe three 1,5 liter bottles a day - and that began having detrimental effects . 
  i had to stop drinking almost completely for a little while and let the water balance restore itself . 
  i ca n't imagine what 14 bottles ( even if they were smaller than 1,5 liters ) would do to me , let alone if they beverages were alcoholic . 
  well , i can pinpoint it exactly since i saw it on a map just yesterday ( due to reading a `` many americans do n't know where north korea is '' article myself ) , but i 've been forgetting where they are time and time again and do n't really anticipate it to stick this time either . 
  before yesterday , if you gave me one of those maps with the borders marked ( but no names ) on it , i would probably have been able to deduce where north korea is since i had at least some clue as to where south korea was , and north korea presumably would just be the country above south korea . 
  if you gave me a completely blank map , without any borders drawn on it , i would have had a lot more problems . 
  i 've honestly met a bunch of people . 
  i guess maybe no islander ? 
  well , except from everyone around me since i technically live on an island myself . 
  but no one from the two big ones . 
  i 've been to gotland when i was a kid , but i do n't know anyone from there as far as i know . 
  when it comes to \u00d6land i 've not visited it and i 've not even met a person from the island . 
  swedish is my mother tongue , i started learning english when i was a wee boy so i know that well enough , and i have a fairly decent groundwork when it comes to german . 
  i just do n't come into contact with it that much , so i suck at it for that reason . 
  however , dump me in germany and let me immerse myself in the language for a while and i 'll probably pick it up quickly again . 
  it 's worked that way before . 
  since i know swedish i also have some understanding of norwegian and danish . 
  but that is only because of the relative closeness of the respective languages . 
  i have n't had any formal training . 
  i could n't say a sentence in either of them - it would just be me speaking swedish with a faux-danish/norwegian accent , which , as much as i 'd like it to be true , is n't really how those languages work . 
  but if a norwegian comes up to me and begins talking i could maybe understand what he 's saying . 
  a dane not so much , but we ca n't all be intelligible now , can we ? 
  :p i do understand written danish fairly well , though . 
  i do try to spread the gospel of old finnish guy wherever i go . 
  upping people 's game , one person at a time . 
  haha , thank you . 
  i was n't complaining , though . 
  one of my all-time favorite memories was in a chinese restaurant where i met an older finnish guy in a wheelchair who hit on me , saying he was an artist , a poet and a journalist and that he 'd immortalize me in his art and his poetry . 
  he was going to write stories about me in the local newspaper . 
  there really is no topping that , even though i 'm happy you tried . 
  not really . 
  i have some stereotypical faces of different european nations in my mind , but people - so very rudely - rarely seem to comply with them . 
  i might be able to identify which general region they 're most likely from , but i could n't tell a portuguese from a spaniard or a pole from a czech at a glance . 
  til . 
  oh , great suggestion !, 
  i think . 
  i have n't been myself , but i 've heard great things about it . 
  i think the closest you 'll get to a swedish reddit is a site called flashback . 
  it kind of has the same reputation as reddit sometimes does , of not always harboring the very best that humanity has to offer , while at the same time ( again , like reddit ) being much more than just the weird assholes . 
  or at least that 's my outsider 's perspective on it . 
  i 'm not a member . 
  i used scb 's website . 
  they do n't search for alternate spellings , but there 's really only two viable spellings for bergqvist so i searched for both and added them up . 
  there 's about 12,000 people named bergqvist ( if you add in some alternate spellings of the name ) , so it 's somewhere in between my name and the most popular ones . 
  since it 's a survey about virtual reality , do you need to have experience with it or is it more to gauge your feelings towards it even if you have n't experienced it yourself ? 
  because i 've never even been close to a vr set . 
  assuming i qualify anyway , i 'll see if i can squeeze in an hour later tonight . 
  i always enjoy helping out students ( it was n't that long since i was one myself ) , but it 's a pretty hefty chunk of time and not a lot of hours left of today . 
  plus i need to do some stuff before dedicating that hour . 
  but hopefully . 
   either way , good luck !, 
  thanks for saying that . 
  quite right . 
  it seems like i forgot about that `` i can only speak for sweden since i do n't know the size of the northern norwegian/finnish cities '' asterisk that i initially thought of adding . 
  it would have been prudent , as your comment demonstrates . 
  entirely possible . 
  the stories told differ wildly between different parts of sweden , since people were so isolated back in the day . 
  there are lots of danish stories that i 'm sure are similar to those in southern sweden , and norwegian stories being similar to those in eastern sweden . 
  it would n't surprise me if at least some swedes have held similar beliefs . 
  i do n't see how you can justify using nukes against japan and still be against them being used in a future conflict where one side thinks that they will be the lesser evil . 
  they will never be the lesser evil , for they are indiscriminate in their destruction . 
  nukes must never be used again , and there must be no justification for their use .
