  since my body is constantly bitching with me , future health care or some other miraculous invention that fixes that annoyance would be wonderful . 
  in fact , just give me that and i can forgive a little wayward climate change or the occasional world ending catastrophe . 
  why do so many questions regarding how americans can stay longer/permanently in europe or how europe should let more americans in , tend to be so goddamn creepy ? 
  * shakes head *, 
  swedish and english . 
  i studied german for a long time and can pick it up to a decent level fairly quickly if i 'm immersed in it , but since i 'm generally not it 's pretty shitty for the moment . 
  i can read okay , but i struggle with the rest of it ( especially speaking and understanding spoken german ) . 
  i know , right ? 
  i find the vikings pretty fascinating , but much more so for their exploration than their pillaging , which is n't terribly cool . 
  but then it 's like we just popped back up on people 's radar in the 20th century , with no one caring that a lot of stuff happened in the * millennium * between the vikings and modern day scandinavia . 
  i do n't know . 
  i feel like the easiest answer would be california due to its progressive reputation , but i 'm not sure if i could handle living that far south . 
  maybe northern california ? 
  do n't know how big the differences are in climate between the various regions of the state . 
  but probably some left-wing state with a lot of nature and a fairly moderate climate . 
  if i were to ever move anywhere , i would n't choose somewhere with the same dreary winter weather we have here in sweden . 
  so somewhere not too cold , but not too warm either . 
  * lagom * , as we swedes say . 
   as for a destination i really would n't want to move to , it would probably have to be florida . 
  it seems both so dreadfully hot and incredibly far removed from my personal politics that i have a hard time seeing myself enjoying even a brief stay there , let alone permanent residence . 
  we have n't been in a war for about 200 years ( unless you count our participation in various peacekeeping missions ) , so there are n't that many fallen soldiers to remember . 
  who does n't know you speak irish ? 
  i get not knowing how to speak it themselves , but not knowing that `` irish '' is an actual language seems odd . 
  i really like english spoken with a german accent . 
  it 's a shame that there are so many stereotypes about it . 
  i rarely find them to be too true . 
  seems similar to how we swedes see danish . 
  you just have to fight the natural , humane impulse to call the emergency service or initiate some kind of heimlich maneuver . 
  i also like how the faroese speak danish . 
  i 've heard the occasional greenlander and icelander speak it as well , and somehow i can understand the three of them 's danish better than i can when it 's spoken by danish speakers from denmark . 
  i 'm not really sure why , because i ca n't understand either of their native languages at all . 
  haha . 
  well then . 
  the most recent example i have ( in terms of when i first saw it , not when it happened ) is [ this version ] ( https://youtu.be/opt5pvjkgl0 ) of * visa fr\u00e5n utanmyra * by sissel kyrkjeb\u00f8 . 
  there is another version of the song by laila linde lossius that has a more distinct norwegian quality to it , but i ca n't find it on youtube . 
  hopefully this [ spotify link ] ( https://open.spotify.com/track/2hbuy3nxkskz8txtfoc7m4 ) works . 
  [ byssan lull ] ( https://youtu.be/3atcqmmkgqo ) sung by vidia wesenlund is another example . 
  at 1:18 , i first thought that he hoisted an isis flag , which confused the hell out of me for a moment . 
  wow , that was hard to understand . 
  that is one awesome cat . 
  hahahahahaha !!, 
  aw shucks !, 
  * blushes * since the moomin people have already been mentioned i 'd like to add female norwegian singers . 
  for some reason i 've heard several norwegians cover old swedish folk songs , and i always enjoy hearing how that sounds . 
  bonus cute points if the occasional norwegian slips through . 
  huh . 
  would n't have thought floorball to be bigger than ice hockey in terms of hours shown on tv . 
  i would probably have pegged it as being maybe top 5 , but # 2 ? 
  i guess it must be shown extensively on channels that i have never watched . 
  my grandmother used to make a soup with potatoes , * falukorv * ( a swedish sausage ) and onions ( i think ) . 
  obviously some spices added to all of that , but i ca n't remember which ones since i never learned the recipe . 
  it was glorious . 
  in terms of soups i can make/buy myself , i 'd have to say shrimp soup . 
  it 's rare that i eat soup at all , but i remember doing shrimp soup a while ago and becoming nostalgic since it was something i ate quite often as a kid . 
  it 's easy and tastes good , so i do n't know why i do n't do it more often . 
  would n't just detonating a regular bomb to collapse/flood the tunnel work just as well ? 
  nuking it seems like overkill to me , especially so close to the uk itself . 
  i have n't really had any experiences with the police ( in the sense that i was doing anything wrong ) besides that one time when they caught me coming out with my family 's fireworks when i was a kid . 
  i was n't going to fire them off unsupervised , but it was kind of a bad look for an 8 year old to carry a ton of fireworks all by his lonesome ( since my mom and sister were a little slow behind me ) . 
  aside from that i 've mostly only interacted with the police in stuff that relates to school in one way or another . 
  either they 'd come and talk to us , or i met and spoke with them as part of a paper i wrote in university about various volunteer groups who were trying to keep the streets safe . 
  but that was a long time ago . 
  the only police experience i 've had recently is them briefly questioning me to see if i 'd seen or heard a burglary in a nearby apartment . 
  [ my results ] ( https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=70.1&amp;d=65.4&amp;g=67.7&amp;s=79.1 ) : social liberalism . 
  i do n't consider myself a liberal , but i do n't mind the description too much . 
  unless there is an option for social democracy its probably as accurate as its going to get . 
  hehe , yeah , that question was a bit odd . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  `` chaos in the streets !, 
  loot all stores !, 
  burn down the parlament ? '', 
  i could understand the question if it put law and order vs public protest and civil disobedience ( or something along those lines ) , but just on its own it was a really weird question . 
  how does socialism and libertarianism go together * at all * ? 
  they should be on the opposite sides of the political spectrum . 
  i do n't know much about estonian military resources , but subjugating you with one tank and six helicopters seems overly ambitious . 
  i knew about us training norwegians and now that you mentioned it a faint memory about potentially helping them militarily stirs in me . 
  did n't know that we did/thought of doing the same for denmark , though . 
  well , that was certainly ambitious of us . 
  where in finland do you live ? 
  i can imagine that it gets harder and harder for cats to survive the further north you get , but in the stockholm area wild cats are not too uncommon . 
  we do n't have any where i live , but there are a few around my mother 's suburb . 
  i would have assumed that the situation in finland is roughly the same as over here . 
  it depends on how much it is used in daily life . 
  i like languages and would like to learn irish if such an opportunity arose , but if it is n't commonly used on tv or between people in general , then i think it would be really hard to learn it . 
  swedish is kind of notoriously hard to learn because everyone here just defaults to english all the time , and i have a feeling that the same might be even more true for a country where english is an official language . 
  but if it 's possible to really immerse myself in irish ? 
  then hell yeah , it would be really cool . 
  i 'm pretty curious about the language , so i 'd welcome the chance to learn it . 
  resentment is not the word i 'd use . 
  at least not to describe my general feelings on the subject . 
  but would i want people to understand swedish to the point that stuff written in swedish could compete with stuff written in english ? 
  sure . 
  i 've been writing my whole life and it 's kind of disheartening to know that you can never reach an international audience as long as you write in your mother tongue . 
  i 've written about video games , but there is basically no money to be made as long as you write in swedish . 
  there 's just no competing with the enormous english websites that every swede interested in games can read anyway . 
  so that sucks . 
  but i do n't resent the english language or its native speakers in any way . 
  realistically , english is the only way for me to be able to communicate with people . 
  take away english and no one would still understand swedish . 
  there would be a little more room to create stuff , but really , the benefits of english far outweigh any downsides .
