  unless it 's hidden deep in some childhood trauma i 've repressed . 
  that is not a tradition that would work well with me . 
  i 'm so bad with names , people would never have been able to speak again . 
  that 's what i was trying to say . 
  i did n't know the name , so i had to look him up . 
  i do recognize the name millencolin , though . 
  they are fairly famous , and if you 're a fan of them you probably know the name of their singer/songwriter . 
  but as i said , i did n't know him . 
  at least as far as i 'm concerned , he does n't seem to have broken through in that `` i recognize him even if i do n't listen to his music '' kind of way . 
  most of our newspapers are quite open with their various leanings and i have a hard time coming up with any who does n't lean one way or the other . 
  i would probably say that * dagens nyheter * is the one i 'd read , if i could only read one . 
  * svenska dagbladet * is also pretty good , but i can get a little tired of some of it 's columnists at times . 
  both lean to the right , but svd tends to lean rather heavily every now and again . 
  i also enjoy * svt * , the swedish public service broadcaster , but it 's constantly getting flak for being too left-leaning so i 'm not sure i 'd put them as the most unbiased . 
  it 's not a question of capable people . 
  a lot of international talent work in hollywood . 
  it 's just that there are a lot of movies and shows that can only be made if there is a domestic audience of 300 + million people or a potential international audience . 
  swedish movies and tv shows certainly do n't have the former and very rarely the latter . 
  when something occasionally hits big , there 's usually an american version coming immediately which steals the spotlight . 
  :p in any case , that why you ca n't make a star wars or a game of thrones here . 
  it 's just not economically justifiable . 
  ice hockey as a sport is huge in sweden , so there is probably a lot of passive interest in what goes on in the nhl and how well our players do over there . 
  but there is a 6-9 hour time difference , so i doubt too many people actually watch it . 
  i mainly follow news * of * the nhl , rather than the nhl itself . 
  in terms of teams we cheer for , that depends a lot on where the swedes are . 
  when i grew up , toronto maple leafs and colorado avalanche were given thanks to sundin and forsberg . 
  later detroit became a huge team in terms of swedish players , but i think that another team recently dethroned them in raw numbers . 
  ca n't remember which one , though . 
  a southern one , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  carolina hurricanes ? 
  nashville predators ? 
  one of them , i think . 
  thanks for the link , by the way . 
  although i was somehow thinking that the whole `` nhl in europe '' thing was still going on , so it just feels like a continuation of the status quo for me . 
  i guess swedish tv must have shown some other nhl game that worked for our time zone . 
  i do n't know if i would call ice hockey as such `` american '' , but i would love to be able to see nhl at decent hours . 
  i love to watch it when they have those first matches in europe each season . 
  last year when i was sick and could n't get up in the morning anyway i watched a lot of games at 4 am etc , and it was glorious . 
  the murder of our foreign minister anna lindh in 2003 . 
  not only did it sort of rip out the heart of the nation since she was so widely loved , but she was also the logical choice as the next leader for our social democratic party . 
  instead they have struggled to find anyone to successfully lead the party for ten years , while the far right has grown exponentially during that time . 
  not a good combination . 
  i suspect that the election in 2018 will be a time of either coming-togetherness among the different moderate parties , or just complete and utter anarchy . 
  everything ca n't be blamed on that one specific incident , but damn if i had n't wanted lindh at the helm of the party back then . 
  i do n't get irritated . 
  i feel like that 's a little weird reaction . 
  but i can feel that americans often over-emphasize their family 's former nationalities . 
  it all depends on how recent that family history is . 
  for example : i consider myself to be a finnish/german swede because my mother is finnish and my paternal grandmother is german , so i do n't have a problem with an american holding on to his swedish roots if he has a parent or grandparent who 's swedish . 
  that does n't make him swedish , though : that makes him a swedish american . 
  maybe he 's kept enough swedishness to `` qualify '' as a full-blown swede , but even i would n't call myself finnish despite my mother being from there , the fact that i 've been there countless times and i live only a ferry away . 
  i hardly even call myself a finnish swede , but if push came to shove , that 's as far as i would go . 
  but the thing that confuses me sometimes is when americans invoke a tonne of nationalities , dating back several generations . 
  `` i 'm a and b and c on my father 's side , and x and y and z on my mother 's side '' . 
  to me , that probably mean that you 're really just an american , who 's grasping at straws without really understanding any of those other cultures . 
  sure you can get europeans ( like me ) who identify with more than just the majority nationality of our country , but i do n't see people looking back as far as some americans do . 
  the thing with that is that , if you consider yourself swedish because you have some ancestor who came over to america in the mid-19th century , then your supposed swedishness and the swedishness of actual modern swedes are going to be * quite * different . 
  the average february temperature around stockholm seems to be about -2 c , so it 's still a pretty sizable difference . 
  we actually do n't get that much snow around here . 
  we usually get some every winter , but our streets are n't covered in snow for extended periods of time . 
  i wish we did !, 
  that would brighten up the place considerably . 
   but we could distribute the snow the northerners get . 
  they get all the snow . 
  hehehe , yeah , same here . 
  i live just outside of stockholm . 
  there 's a lot of things to like , but the winter weather is usually not one of them . 
  you have 10 + degrees celsius ... in february ? 
  we swedes basically start having barbecues at those temperatures . 
  i live in the stockholm area , and it 's mostly grey , dark and cold this time of year . 
  today it 's also a bit foggy , so it 's just a dreadful view out of the window . 
  but it is what it is . 
  how i feel about it usually depends on whether or not there 's snow to offset the gloom . 
  if there is snow everything brightens up considerably since light gets reflected everywhere , constantly . 
  snow is also beautiful , so there 's that . 
  if there is no snow , like today , everything just looks dreary . 
  if you go further north it gets colder and darker , but there 's also a significantly higher chance of snow . 
  that 's how winter should be , in my opinion . 
  presumably the opposite is true if you go south , but i have n't spent any winters there so i ca n't tell from personal experience . 
  the treatment of the sami . 
  it 's too complicated to really be summed up quickly , but they 've basically been shafted a lot for a very long time . 
  first they were christianized by force , then they were deemed `` not nordic enough '' when eugenics became a thing . 
  had their land taken from them . 
  just a bunch of stuff . 
  oh , yeah , eugenics was a thing in sweden too . 
  measuring skulls and stuff . 
  forced sterilization . 
  i 'm not sure what `` tougher '' really means here . 
  we should n't back down from principles , but i would n't want us to do anything that hits at the american people . 
  i 've seen a few suggestions in other threads to restrict their ability to travel here , but i think that would be a mistake . 
  i think that the best way to deal with trump is from within the us itself , so our best course of action might perhaps be to encourage the people in power over there ( be it the senate , congress or their judicial system ) to act when appropriate . 
  in the end , i have a feeling that the principles of europe and moderate americans pretty much overlap when it comes to trump and his missteps . 
  letting americans sort out this mess is , i think , the best way . 
  if they do n't , well , then it 's obviously a different story . 
  trump antagonizing the muslim world ( or whoever ) is going to affect us too eventually . 
  we ca n't just let him do so for four years . 
  that 's going to create all sorts of problems . 
  i have a tonne of songs that i love . 
  it 's a little hard to pick out a favorite . 
  i 'll leave a few songs instead .
