  stuff like that . 
  i think some good answers to that questions were given above , so i 'll just [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/5x2yx7/swedes_how_do_you_feel_about_the_reintroduction/deeupk1/ ) to them . 
  that is not what 's going to happen in sweden , unless they change it dramatically from what is was before . 
  you could always opt out , so if you had something else going on you were hardly forced away from it . 
  the military wo n't need recruits who are utterly unmotivated to be there ; or worse , actively resent being there for some reason . 
  good points . 
  late teens , yeah . 
  i do n't know for sure , but i 'll take a guess . 
  back when we had it before , every 18 year old boy and any 18 year old girl who wanted was called to do a basic round of physical and mental tests . 
  you were informed about what waited if you wanted to join , and you were then given the choice between `` i want to join '' , `` i 'd prefer to join '' , `` i 'd prefer not to join '' and `` i do n't want to join '' . 
  x amount of recruits were selected from those who answered they want to/prefer to join , while the rest were not considered at all . 
  i assume that the reasoning for bringing it back , even if it 's still largely voluntary , is to bring back the compulsory screening in which people make an active choice about whether they want to join or not . 
  it 's not like you do it blindly - you get information about what it all means beforehand . 
  if you do n't have young people go through that initial step , regardless of what they decide afterwards , they 'll probably not consider it at all . 
  i also think it 's a question of who you 'll attract . 
  nerds ( like me ) are probably not going to go to the military rather than to higher education if they have to actively seek that path out themselves , but the military needs nerds as well . 
  you usually do it the year before you go to university ( or whatever you decide to do after school ) , so people are usually 18 or 19 . 
  i was conscripted when i was a teen back when we had it in 2007 , so i 'm pretty positive . 
  i assume that it 'll be as easy to opt out of it as it was back in my day , so i do n't really foresee any problems unless absolutely no one wishes to join . 
  i learned a lot of stuff , it was a cool experience and it changed how i view war , weapons and violence . 
  i think those are valuable lessons for our teens to learn , so bring it . 
  for them . 
  i 'm done . 
  inga problem . 
  ah , yes , allergy changes things of course . 
  to have or not to have a certain ingredient does n't really matter if that ingredient makes it hard to breathe or something . 
  but do n't get me wrong , it is kind of cool that different countries does their own different spins on the formula . 
  even in sweden there 's now a growing variety of `` semlor '' , as can be seen [ here ] ( http://www.expressen.se/nyheter/7-typer-av-semlor-att-ata-pa-fettisdagen/ ) ( the article 's in swedish , but the pictures should speak for themselves ) . 
  this . 
  yes . 
  always . 
  huh . 
  they look * exactly * like our `` semlor '' , but if you do n't have the almond paste you change the pastry entirely . 
  i 've had semlor without almond paste before ( because someone was allergic to nuts ) , and i was n't especially fond of it . 
  it 's what makes the pastry , in my opinion . 
  although i must say that the idea of sour jam actually does sound a little interesting - much more so than whatever solution we came up with . 
  perhaps not `` food '' per se , but i eat a lot of salmiakki ( salty licorice ) whenever i visit finland . 
  they have the good stuff . 
   the food i miss most about germany is [ leberk\u00e4se ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leberk%c3%a4se ) . 
  i fell in love with it when i was there , but it 's the one thing i ca n't seem to find in swedish stores ( even if we have something similar ) . 
  more generally , i love german sausages overall . 
  maybe risotto in montenegro . 
  i 've only been there once , for a single day , and just ate the one meal . 
  but man , the risotto i had was amazing . 
  i usually do n't like risotto but i 'd heard good stuff about the one they have in croatia when i was on a trip there . 
  since i never got around to eating it while in croatia , i figured that maybe the risotto in montenegro could be worth checking out instead . 
  that was a great decision . 
  water . 
  sparkling when possible , but otherwise ( mostly ) from the tap . 
  i do n't necessarily see how you have to choose between making a distinction between you and lumping you together as brits . 
  i view brits much like scandinavians/people from the nordic countries : ( people from ) a group of countries that are all individual and unique , sure , but still similar enough to be comfortably lumped together from an outsider 's perspective . 
  as long as you do n't lump us all together * without * making a distinction i usually do n't have a problem being seen as scandinavian , and that 's how i view brits as well . 
  i 'm aware of the different countries and some of their different histories and languages , but i 'm not sure i could give you a rundown of what separates them from each other without going into stereotypes ( that does n't really reflect my views of them anyway ) . 
  since they all tend to converge on english tv , i usually just see a british mishmash when i watch qi , would i lie to you or doctor who . 
  it 's rather wonderful and it * does * highlight some of the distinctions you yourselves make between the countries , but it does n't exactly work against the notion that you 're all still brits on some level . 
  so i 'm not just crazy for hearing such a difference ? 
  * dances awkwardly * i usually ca n't distinguish between regional differences within languages ( especially not in those i have no formal training in ) , so i 've always doubted that i actually heard one depending on who spoke dutch . 
  this explains a lot . 
  thanks for clarifying !, 
  thank you for such a thorough reply . 
  i 'm a bit of a language nerd , so it 's much appreciated !, 
  i love it when things are simple . 
  well , we do have * a lot * of recipes for pickled herring . 
  '' [ the nordic cookbook ] ( https://www.amazon.com/nordic-cookbook-magnus-nilsson/dp/0714868728 ) '' by esteemed swedish chef magnus nilsson seems pretty definitive . 
  it 's a massive tome with 700 recipes from all over the nordic countries . 
  i have n't read it myself so i ca n't vouch for it personally , but it 's the first book that comes to my mind when i think of swedish and/or nordic cooking . 
  i 've seen a few documentaries about nilsson and he 's ... let 's call it devoted to his craft . 
  opened a michelin 2-star restaurant in northern sweden , far away from the bigger cities that normally house our michelin star restaurants , just to be close to the produce he uses in his cooking . 
  he 's a bit of an odd duck , but one who does seem to know what he 's doing in the kitchen . 
  true . 
  the stereotype is that you do sound constantly happy . 
  but i live on the east coast and so mostly tend to hear norwegian politicians speak on tv , so i do n't know how much i agree with that . 
  but i think the stereotype comes from you landing on a high note when you speak more often than we do , which tends to indicate happiness/excitement in swedish . 
  but it was quite a while since i read the explanation , so i could be wrong . 
  the reason you sound funny might be ( but i 'm really just guessing here ) because of the fact that you sound happy , and that the norwegian words we 've borrowed over the years therefore tend to sound a bit less serious than the swedish equivalents we usually have . 
  so when you just use them as the regular words they are in norwegian , then from a swedish perspective , your word choices can come across as a bit ... lighthearted , maybe . 
  imagine someone combing through a dictionary and using a lot of difficult words to sound smart ( but instead they just sound pretentious ) ; reverse that feeling and you get how norwegian can sound like sometimes . 
  but as i said , it 's not like i 'm snickering when i occasionally hear your politicians speaking ; they just sound like politicians speaking . 
  english is a weird language to have an opinion about , because 1 ) you learn it ( as you said ) out of necessity , and 2 ) you constantly hear so many different accents that it 's usually those that `` sound '' a particular way . 
  especially if you watch british tv as well as all of the american media that constantly gets thrown at you . 
  it 's impossible to just have one opinion on english , and so it 's hard to classify it as either beautiful or not , or sounding any one specific way . 
  we tend to think that you sound really happy all the time . 
  i dislike that stereotype . 
  it 's so outdated , yet wo n't die . 
  that 's not how i perceive german at all once you learn it/listen to it more . 
  i find it a little difficult to describe because i am in this weird place between understanding and not understanding the language when it 's spoken , so i do n't have either an outsider or an insider 's perspective on it . 
  but i am really fond of a lot of your sounds ( especially the `` s '' sounds ) . 
  it 's a cool contrast to swedish . 
  i like german for a lot of other reasons as well , but those are more grammatical and not really related to the topic at hand . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  for someone who has no idea what french is to spanish . 
  dutch is a weird language . 
  when it 's there , the guttural thing is extremely noticeable , but i do n't know if it 's a regional thing or something , because it 's almost as if it 's only present in every other dutchman i hear speak . 
  then someone else comes along and speaks dutch , and suddenly the language sounds pretty clean or clear or however else you 'd describe `` ungutturalness '' . 
  danish , on the other hand , goes form `` i do n't think i really understand what you 're saying , my brother '' to `` i really suspect mother cheated with a drunken german before having you '' . 
  that certainly sounds plausible . 
  it would also put us in the same `` a language that makes you think of english , yet is n't '' camp as irish , but from a different angle . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'm pretty basic since i live alone and do n't need a lot of stuff . 
  a sofa ( that you can turn into a bed - do n't know what that 's called in english ) , a table , a couple of chairs , two bookshelves and a closet .
