  at least to some degree . 
  yeah , if they themselves use the english way of pronouncing their name - regardless of where the names originally came from - there 's no reason for us to pronounce them differently / `` correctly '' . 
  i would never say steven s\u00f6derbergh , for example . 
  that 's just not his name . 
  i 'm just aware that it would be his name if his family was still swedish . 
  a lot of names that ends with '' - son '' tends to be swedish , such as johansson , andersson etc. 
  scarlett johansson is a good example of this . 
  while she is n't actually swedish - she 's half-danish - her surname is still swedish . 
  the danish variation is otherwise typically '' - sen '' . 
  malin \u00c5kerman is swedish canadian , and a good example of someone whose name is pronounced differently depending on if she 's in the us or in sweden . 
  she still retain the original swedish spelling of it , even when she 's in the states , but everyone still pronounces it `` akerman '' whenever she 's not in sweden . 
  steven soderbergh also has a swedish surname , but in his case the \u00d6 has been replaced with an o at some point since his swedish grandfather migrated to the us . 
  nordstrom , the chain of department stores , was named after it 's swedish founder , john w. nordstr\u00f6m , after he 'd emigrated to the us and dropped the \u00d6 for an o in his name . 
  just to name a few examples . 
  i 'm a little confused if you wonder if people over here mispronounce their own names , or just in the states . 
  i can usually spot american celebrities who clearly have some scandinavian ancestors based on their last names , but they rarely pronounce their names in the `` original '' way . 
  i do n't expect them to , either , because i know from experience that english-speakers ca n't pronounce our names correctly anyway . 
  :p sometimes there 's just a minor difference that simply comes with a different accent ( in `` johansson '' , for example ) , but at times the differences are much more significant than that . 
  the most obvious example is when there should be an '' \u00c5 '' , '' \u00c4 '' or '' \u00d6 '' in the name , which english-speakers usually just translate into ( english-sounding ) `` a '' and `` o '' . 
  that * really * changes the name . 
  the first time i heard a brit trying to pronounce my name ... ah , that 's a memory i 'll have for the rest of my life . 
  :d but if you come to sweden , swedes will most likely use the original pronunciation of our own names . 
  there 's no need to adapt it for anyone . 
  that said , i assume that foreigners sometimes do the same thing here in sweden , for our convenience . 
  i had a class mate who came from china when she was young , and her parents gave her a whole new first name to make her life in sweden easier . 
  based on how difficult i found it to pronounce that chinese name , i would n't be terribly surprised if her family used a more `` swedish-friendly '' pronunciation of their surname . 
  stockholm is definitely one . 
  you ca n't throw a rock and not hit a tree or an island or something . 
   but i also want to recommend berlin . 
  i marveled at that very aspect when i was on a short student exchange there a decade or so ago . 
  whenever i 've traveled there on vacation i 've always stayed in the center , but on the exchange i lived a bit outside of it . 
  it was beautiful . 
  lots of nature and wildlife . 
  i 've always remembered it as one of those places i could see myself living in . 
  close to the city center , but not right in the mess of it all , and close to nature . 
  that 's how i prefer to live , and berlin offered that perfectly . 
  thanks for this post . 
  it explains a lot that no one over here ever explained . 
  i saw that there already was a good entry regarding swedish , so i 'll try with another one . 
  i do n't know if i 'd classify this as a dumb or illogical aspect of swedish , per se , but foreigners seem to have problems with our different tones . 
  it 's basically itsy bitsy variations in our pronunciation that changes the meaning of our words , and they can be really hard to hear ( or get right ) for foreigners . 
  we have two tones and words can have either one of them , or both of them . 
  people can usually hear it in a general sense - swedish is fairly known as a `` sing-songy '' language , after all - but hearing the tiny difference in pronunciation between `` tomten '' ( the garden ) and `` tomten '' ( the tomte - a figure from swedish folklore ) is another matter entirely . 
  i 'll start within sweden and work my way out : i 'd like to go to the very north of sweden . 
  i 've been to the west and east and south , but never especially far north . 
  i was actually surprised by how un-far north i 'd actually been when i checked it out on a map . 
  outside of sweden i 'd really like to go to iceland to complete my tour of the nordic countries . 
  i would also like to visit the fjords of norway for a similar reason , even though i have technically been to eastern norway before ... on a day trip ... as a little kid . 
  it would be nice to both spend some actual time there as an adult , and to see some of the sights . 
  outside of the nordics , i 'd really like to visit spain and russia . 
  spain just seems like an awesome vacation spot , while i have a little more general curiosity in russia . 
  outside of europe ... wow , that 's tough . 
  i have so many countries i 'd love to visit for different reasons . 
  the us would be fascinating , a whole bunch of different countries in the caribbean and south america , and i 'd really like to visit africa as well . 
  a friend to my family used to live in south africa and always told us about life there whenever he came back to sweden , so i 've always wanted to visit there someday . 
  in asia it would probably be japan . 
  it 's kind of interesting , as a swede i can at once feel a certain `` be quiet and do n't bother people '' connection to japan , while feeling utterly alienated in other respects . 
  there 's probably no other country that i feel such radically opposing feelings towards , and i would love to see how our cultures compare first-hand . 
  even if i find japan really unlike sweden ( which i suspect would be the case ) , it would still probably be an awesome trip . 
  finally i 'm kind of curious about some middle eastern countries . 
  maybe jordan ? 
  just to experience life there and maybe shatter whatever stereotypes i may have of the region . 
  the thing is , i really want to visit you guys someday , and when i do i 'd really like your coast to be free of drunk swedes . 
  spending time among them is not my idea of a pleasant vacation . 
   maybe we can come to some sort of compromise ? 
  you do n't have any uninhabited islands anywhere , do you ? 
  somewhere we can send all of our drunkards while the rest of us are all left in peace ? 
  feel free to build fences , walls and barb wires to keep everyone in once they 're there . 
  do n't let anyone leave until they 've finally sobered up . 
  every now and again you hear about swedish tourists being massive drunkards when going to other countries and annoying the hell out of the locals . 
  it seems especially bad when `` we '' visit spain . 
  it was just a week or so ago that a swede got arrested there because he was driving a truck against the traffic while stoned out of his mind . 
  just ... fucking ... do n't . 
  have some self-control . 
  i 'm fighting a lot with our health care system ( and other related bureaucracies ) , so i know for a fact that our system is n't perfect in any way . 
  but every problem i have with our system , i feel i would have several times over with the american one . 
  the solution to my problems would n't be a rollback of the current health care system , but an expansion of it . 
  very little . 
  there are really only three places i 've visited in any significant capacity : stockholm ( where i live ) , gothenburg and s\u00e4len . 
  i 've been to day trips to various smaller towns and i 've driven through a lot of central/southern sweden on my way down to central europe , but the furthest north i 've been is [ g\u00e4vle ] ( https://www.google.se/maps/place/g%c3%a4vle/@62.1198693,6.1377191,4.4z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x4660c2ffbb3b088d:0x4034506de8c8360!8m2!3d60.6748796!4d17.1412726 ) and as you can see there 's quite a bit of land above that town . 
  edit : stupid me , s\u00e4len is slightly north of g\u00e4vle . 
  but still , the point stands : it ai n't exactly the north of sweden . 
  yes , excellent point . 
  i 'm * really * tired right now so i 'm not sure if you 're serious or joking , but everyone cooperating under a single king is not my idea of separate , sovereign states . 
  but i do think that swedes as a people existed at the time , regardless of the political situation . 
  with regards to the vikings : i 'm not disputing that those who went ( south ) east came from the area that is now sweden . 
  complicating things is the fact that there was also a germanic tribe called * swedes * / * svear * at the time , and the `` swedish vikings '' probably belonged to them ( at least in part ) . 
  so if anyone want to say that they were indeed swedes , i find it a bit hard to come with a foolproof argument against it . 
  what i will say , however , is that i do not consider them to be swedes in the modern `` a citizen of the country of sweden '' meaning of the word . 
  i view them as my ancestors but not my countrymen , if that makes sense . 
  ah , yes , you 're quite right . 
  weird that i did n't remember the '' - `` s. 
  i thought our only such forest was far up north ( which is quite a way away from where i live ) , but there 's actually some pretty close to me . 
  could be a nice trip sometime . 
  i love our forests . 
  nowadays i usually only see `` this kind of quotation '' , but i remember seeing `` this kind '' ( or maybe < this kind  , ca n't remember exactly ) in books when i was younger . 
  i always found it odd since that is not how i 'd learned that it should be written , but it seemed somewhat popular in the ya books i read at the time . 
  have n't seen it at all since then , though . 
  i do n't consider the vikings `` swedish '' in the modern sense , so in my eyes `` we '' begin after them ( somewhere around the 11th century ) . 
  that said , the time between the 11th and 16th century is a little weird since we were n't always a fully sovereign nation , so i feel that the crowning of gustav vasa in 1523 is a more definitive `` we '' moment in swedish history .
