  time went on , and when i was a few years older i struggled finding a username for some forum i wanted to join . 
  i disliked how i always had to have different usernames because the one i had for one forum was always taken on another , and so on . 
  i remembered that name , which was so weird that it would presumably always be mine . 
  15 years later , it still is . 
  i 'd have to say finland . 
  i suspect that any swede has closer ties to finland than iceland , but those ties are especially strong if you live on the eastern coast like i do . 
  i ca n't even remember the amount of times i 've just hopped on a ferry over the sea to our moomin neighbors . 
  while i would love to visit iceland , going there necessitates a full-on holiday and not just a quick weekend trip , which is a shame . 
  if i 'm going to fly anywhere , i really prefer it to be to warmer climes , not as cold/even colder ones . 
  i do n't know too much about either of them , but they do seem to be relatively stable countries by middle eastern standards . 
  i know lebanon was ravaged by war before , but i have n't heard a lot of bad things going on there lately . 
  jordan , as far as i know , seem to be the most stable middle eastern country . 
  i 'm not aware of any large conflict there . 
  not saying that it 's necessarily rainbows and unicorns , but at least it 's there 's no suicide bombers or bloody civil war tearing up the place . 
  at least i have n't heard of anything like that happening in jordan . 
  i do n't think i 've met any people from either country , but lebanese food is pretty popular here and it 's delicious . 
  one of my favorite restaurants is a italian/lebanese one : have a pizza , a pasta or a platter of various grilled meats and meze . 
  glorious . 
  he 's a national treasure . 
  there are so many other athletes i respect , but zlatan eclipses them all . 
  you * think * that you just made it up . 
  there are nordophiles ? 
  huh , look at that . 
  i had never even heard of that expression before . 
  yeah , i certainly know a lot more south american countries and capitals than i do central american ones . 
  interesting . 
  i clearly remember being taught that north america was only those three countries . 
  it made that region very easy to remember . 
  hm , i 'm actually not sure . 
  have n't really thought about it before . 
  north america , in this narrower definition , is just canada/us/mexico . 
  so , not including the caribbean . 
  however , i think that central america only refers to the stretch of land between mexico and the panama canal , which again would not include the caribbean . 
  i do n't know where they actually fit in ( or if they are perhaps considered a separate entity altogether ) , other than in the more general `` everything from canada to panama is north america '' definition of the continent itself . 
  my local floorball team inverts the formula a bit and is called balrog botkyrka after the creature in lord of the rings . 
  i 've always loved that name . 
  well , capitals feels pretty logical , but vikings ? 
  really ? 
  on the other hand we have an ice hockey team in sweden whose logo is an american indian , so perhaps i should n't throw the first stone with regards to weird uses of other cultures . 
  hahaha . 
  no worries , mate . 
  yes . 
  i think she 's more of an icon in the us - especially for african americans - but she 's certainly popular here . 
  well , hopefully i 'll get my new shiny monitor tomorrow , in which case i 'll return and try out the quizzes . 
  but i tried both the european and the american state ones in the other post and doing them on a small phone screen was just a recipe for complete disaster . 
  i 'll freely admit that i 'm no ace when it comes to american states , but dammit , i know that the vatican is n't italy . 
  feel free to be . 
  yeah , same for me and yugoslavia . 
  it 's hard to relearn a map . 
   although it has gotten a lot better ever since i visited croatia and montenegro/learned where they were . 
  at least i do n't come off as completely clueless any more . 
  only if you go `` woohoo ! '', 
  afterwards . 
  yeah , i know , right ? 
  i did n't get italy on the first try since my my big fat thumb pressing down on all of italy still somehow registered as the vatican . 
  * western * europe confused you ? 
  i see where / u/patate _ froide is coming from . 
  i was taught to view the americas as divided into north , central and south america , with all of the countries you listed as central america and only canada/us / mexico being north america . 
  i was still taught that there are only two continents , which complicates things somewhat , but as long as i 'm not specifically talking about the two separate land masses ( which is pretty rare ) i 'll probably always think of those countries as in central america . 
  not that i remember , but i 've been a bit of a geography buff and think it 's good to know stuff like that . 
  a little bit about every continent . 
   as for how i go about it , at least for me it 's fairly easy to keep track of the coastal states . 
  then i have a hunch of where in the middle a lot of the other ones are , and guess from there . 
  it 's pretty few states that i have absolutely no idea where they are , so if i get three guesses i usually get there in the end . 
  i 'm no ace either way , but damn , that quiz was hard on a small , cracked mobile phone screen . 
  :d most of the big and medium states were easy to pinpoint ( physically , if not memory-wise ) , but i could barely make out all of the individual states in the northwest . 
  i think it was rhode island that i just could n't place , despite knowing where it was , and despite it eventually also blinking red to let me know where it was if that had not been the case . 
  i just kept tapping and tapping at the location and my phone kept registering it as neighboring states . 
  very frustrating !, 
  :d thank god for all of the states that i just simply did n't know , so that my mishap with the northwest did n't impact the results too much . 
  :p still , 44 % feels fairly good . 
  i 'm not sure exactly how they calculated that number , but before the test i would have guessed that i 'd land on maybe half of that . 
  i certainly did n't guess around half of the states correctly on the first attempt . 
  interesting , i have n't thought of it that way , but it sounds about right . 
  you do n't sing and dance across alpine fields wherever you go , whatever you do ? 
  i 'm shocked , truly . 
  :p it 's weird how movies influences people . 
  it 's kind of the same with us . 
  a few movies with a little nudity in them and we were sex-crazy blondes for decades onwards . 
  true , but sweden also stretches lot further north than scotland does , which adds to those differences . 
  stockholm , meanwhile , lies at roughly the same longitude as northern scotland , with most other big swedish cities being even further south . 
  i am not into gambling , so my interest in paradise is fairly low . 
  but it would be fascinating to go to the city of las vegas and see how the it is , beyond all of the glitz of the strip . 
  there 's something there that kind of just ignites my sociological curiosity . 
  i imagine that there 's a pretty interesting contrast that i could see myself exploring more than paradise itself . 
  agreed , and i think that the bridging of the east/west divide is great as well , which is why i mentioned eastern europe . 
  those conversations are also * really * informative . 
  i think i said the baltic countries last time this ( or a similar ) question was asked , so i 'll go with eastern europe and spain this time . 
  it feels a bit like spaniards and swedes both consider the other to be their polar opposite . 
  not in a bad or ignorant way , but simply as an acknowledgement of our respective stereotypes . 
  it leads to some interesting conversations . 
  ca n't really speak for norwegians , but they seem to have a pretty good deal as is , so i do n't see why they would want to change the status quo . 
  i feel like it would come with more restrictions than boons , but i 'm by no means an expert and could very well be wrong . 
  iceland and switzerland i know even less about in terms of how their relationship with the eu is , so i wo n't even hazard a guess there . 
  my computer monitor is busted so i 'm on my phone , which is kind of a chore . 
  therefore i 'll try to be as brief as possible and let others swedes add whatever information they feel is missing later . 
  [ we 're reserved . 
  like really . 
  ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=swedes+bus+stop&amp;oq=swedes+bus&amp;aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l3.5998j0j4&amp;client=ms-android-google&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=utf-8#imgrc=ttfbileajscy1m: ) kinda true , depending on where you come from/what culture you compare us to . 
  but obviously that picture is exaggerated .
