   by the way : how much does music travel from one latin american country to the other ? 
  are there specific countries whose music is really big or does music come and go from a lot of different countries ? 
  i 'm just a little curious about how the flow of music looks like in latin american music scene compared to the european . 
  with much of latin america speaking spanish , my first guess was that it 's probably a little easier for music to travel between countries than it is in europe , where everyone speaks different languages ( even if many sing in english ) . 
  on the other hand , i do n't listen to too much norwegian music even though i usually understand what they sing , and despite them being close neighbors to us swedes . 
  so maybe it 's still rare for artists to be big all around latin america , even if you for the most part speak the same language ? 
  thanks for correcting me . 
  i studied a lot of pacifist leaders and their various movements in different countries , and grew to respect them immensely . 
  on a more creative note , i really like stephen king . 
  by `` old songs '' , what do you mean ? 
  while i like several of the spanish songs i 've heard by her , i still mainly think of her discography in terms of her english albums just because it 's those who 've been promoted here in sweden . 
  but i just found out that she had a pretty long career in latin america before that - is it those songs you 're referring to ? 
  or simply songs older than her current ones ( so maybe a couple of albums back ) ? 
  if it 's the former , are there songs or albums in particular you recommend ? 
  while there can be educational programs about religion , religious programs are very rare . 
  our public service airs a sermon every sunday , as well as the occasional holiday stuff . 
  i ca n't remember seeing anything tied to religion on any of the other channels . 
  we are * very * secular . 
   in swedish that is garmarna - herr mannelig . 
  yeah , that 's a good one . 
  in case you missed it : they came out with a new album ( just called `` 6 '' ) last year , 13 years after the last one . 
  [ it 's really good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pf5i4goaiju ) . 
   in polish that would be lazare , though percival has quite a number of good songs , as i learned thanks to cdpr and the witcher trilogy . 
  oh , so that 's an artist ? 
  cool . 
  i just thought that was part of the soundtrack for the game . 
  might check them out . 
  i like way too many spanish songs for me to list them all here . 
  i do n't have any one favorite among them . 
  maybe [ ojos as\u00ed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bzkbsq7pww ) by shakira ? 
  i really like that song . 
  i also really like [ daniels jojk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woecdqqbevg ) by jon henrik fj\u00e4llgren . 
  the song , in remembrance of a friend of his who passed , is beautiful . 
  it starts about 2:30 minutes into the video if you do n't want to watch through the sweden 's got talent intro . 
  ( he sings in a sami language , by the way . 
  edit : or at least in a traditional sami way , if not in the language itself . ), 
  i ca n't decide if that itinerary is a dream trip or a nightmare . 
  lots of cool places , but man , wow , it 's going to get rough to do all of that in two weeks . 
  i 'm not sure i would recommend darting around that much in two * months * . 
  granted , i do prefer lazier holidays by the beach , with only the occasional trip to see sights - but still . 
  i ca n't give any alternate recommendations for what packages to use , since i 've never used one . 
  me and my family just used to take our car and drive around europe ( which was awesome ) . 
  but i would caution against doing too much in too little time . 
  you could probably have an amazing two weeks in any of the places you want to visit , while i 'm not sure you can really appreciate them if you just charge through them . 
  not saying it ca n't be done , just ... be mindful of the potential pitfalls there . 
  also , what 's with the constant indian food everywhere ? 
  i was going to comment that the swedish video was actually from norway , but then i laughed so hard at it that i 'm perfectly fine with it representing us . 
  let the norwegians try to get it back !, 
  :d edit : i think that [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ss7-cfpn6q ) encapsulates the nordic countries in general , and finland specifically . 
  i feel that a lot of the basics i know are rp ( since that was what we learned in school ) , but new layers are more likely to be american english ( since that 's what i usually hear nowadays ) . 
  i also have american english spellcheck on my computer . 
  it 's a bit annoying , since i tend to use those extra us whenever i write and they constantly get marked as spelling mistakes . 
  : / overall , though , i feel that i just use a mishmash of various english influences . 
  it changes depending on a lot of stuff . 
  i have a fondness for certain british expressions , so i occasionally sneak them into what i write even when i use otherwise american english . 
  i feel like there 's been some serious misunderstanding somewhere along the way here . 
  of course you are ( and always was and always will be ) more than just a piece of land for us and russia to fight over 200 years ago . 
  i never claimed anything else . 
  my point was just that you * are * a place that is no longer a part of sweden , that nonetheless is important to our history . 
  you 're probably the nordic country that we have the most intertwined history with , so i can think of no place that fits the question of this thread better from a swedish point of view . 
  as for the `` keeping you around '' part , that was a joke regarding how no one can seemingly land on a single definition of what unites the nordic countries ( at least historically speaking ) . 
  however you look at it , there 's always someone that does n't quite fit . 
  is it geography ? 
  no , because iceland and greenland are way off . 
  is it language ? 
  no , because yours is different . 
  is it a shared viking heritage ? 
  no , because you had your own thing going at that time . 
  despite this , we 're still all nordic brothers and sisters . 
  somehow . 
  even if the precise how and why of it can be a little difficult to explain to outsiders . 
  sorry for any offence . 
  did n't mean anything by it . 
  i 'm not saying it either will or wo n't work , just that i do n't know for certain . 
  i have n't read any concrete plans to finance such a thing , since it has n't been a suggestion in sweden . 
  to me , it 's not so much a question of being for or against abortion , but rather being for or against women 's choice to have an abortion if they would have the need for it . 
  i 'm a bit up in the air regarding what i think about abortion as such , and that 's a coin that 'll probably not land until i or someone i know really have to make a decision . 
  but i 'm still a firm believer in the freedom of choice . 
  my personal opinion ( if it ever landed on the side of `` do n't like abortions '' ) should n't dictate someone else 's life or available choices . 
  `` he 's a swede '' tends to suffice for most of our neighbors . 
  :p but i honestly do n't see anything too upsetting about what i wrote . 
  finland being closer to sweden than to any of the other nordic countries hardly feels like a controversial opinion . 
  nor that you speak a non-norse language . 
  you therefore make defining norden a bit more difficult , instead of just being able to say `` because vikings '' . 
  does n't mean you 're not a part of it . 
  do n't get me wrong : i personally do n't feel like this is a commonly understood difference between our cultures . 
  that is why i was having such a hard time understanding what s/he were saying . 
  but when two people have said the same thing ... * shrugs * ... maybe . 
  i do n't know . 
  swede here , from up here in the north . 
  i 'm quite aware of you guys . 
  grew up with a lot of kurdish class mates and also studied the history of the region for a semester in university . 
  there are also a few really sharp kurdish-swedish comedians . 
  i know that kurdistan is spread out over parts of turkey , iraq , iran and syria , even if it 's not officially recognized as such . 
  iraqi kurds seemed to be the only thing stopping is for a while in 2014 ( i think ? 
  ) , before people began forming coalitions to fight them . 
  ypj rose to some prominence later on in swedish media since they were a pretty powerful symbol against is . 
  that said , there is n't that much distinction being made in swedish media between the various kurdish groups . 
  maybe with the exception of turkish kurds , since turkey ( being partly european and in constant talks with the eu ) tends to be in our media 's spotlight more than the rest of the middle east . 
  as someone who 's too sick to work and am struggling to get the government to realize that , it sounds like an awesome idea .
