  you were a pretty important part of european ( and world ) history , but i do n't know especially much about modern portuguese history . 
  i do however , completely randomly , know that there was a giant earthquake in lisbon way back when , because voltaire mentioned it in * candide * . 
  for some reason that one thing has stayed with me ever since i read the it , more than the rest of the book . 
  probably to the chagrin of all of my teachers , were they ever to find out . 
  our history is weird . 
  i generally consider gustav vasa to be our founding father , to the extent that we can be said to have one , but it 's not like he * actually * founded sweden . 
  sweden had existed for hundreds of years prior to him . 
  he just established our since then unbroken independence . 
  i like your story , though . 
  i had n't heard it in such detail before . 
  i ca n't remember being taught anything in school about the more mythical kings of sweden , but we do have some interesting stories about them . 
  oh , no , you still do get depressed by the overwhelming darkness . 
  it 's somewhat bearable if it snows since that brightens up everything , but i really hate the lack of sunlight . 
  i do n't know if this is what op is getting at , but it can feel weird to go to southern europe in the summer since countries south of us do n't get as much sunlight as we do . 
  i have n't been to france so i do n't know if it 's the same there , but it was something i really noticed in italy . 
  it was a lot warmer , but as a scandinavian it still kind of felt like autumn from a day/night ratio point of view . 
  that said , it was pretty nice to be able to sit out late even during dark nights without things getting chilly . 
  just a different kind of wonderful summer evenings . 
  not nostalgic , no . 
  i mostly feel weird . 
  my family being chased away from their home created a really strange feeling of victimhood ( at least in how i view my family 's history ) , which feels pretty bizarre if you 're german and you are speaking about ww2 . 
  it does n't help that i 'm not aware of my family being in the wrong in any way , either by fighting for germany or voting in the nazis . 
  so i literally have a feeling of a ) not having done anything wrong , and b ) being the victim of the conflict . 
  that does n't really feel like the correct emotions to have , from a logical and empathic point of view . 
  like , we were clearly the aggressors of that conflict , so viewing yourself as a victim instead feels ... dishonest . 
  as if you do n't take responsibility and instead just try to turn things around in a way that implies that other people did horrible things to you . 
  but i do n't think of my `` ancestral home '' that much , especially not * as * an `` ancestral home '' . 
  the only context in which i think of it is when i 'm trying to figure out what country my grandmother actually came from . 
  with all of the changing borders of that time , it 's surprisingly hard to get a definitive grip on . 
  ah , joy . 
  everyone seems to agree that the nordics fit the bill . 
  :p not that i disagree . 
  i have a feeling that a lot of northern countries ( not just in europe ) would be great examples of this . 
  i kind of like that type of nature , but to each his own . 
  i 've always found sunflower fields beautiful to drive through . 
  i guess everything can become boring if it 's the only thing you see for miles on end , but i would take sunflowers above a lot of other things . 
  is n't chernobyl still radioactive ? 
  the only thing preventing every swede from watching it is the fact that it always seems to coincide with the ice hockey world cup . 
  however , sweden does n't play today so maybe we all watch eurovision this year . 
  except for me who currently do n't have a tv . 
  i 'm alone with my phone , hanging on reddit . 
  i struggle with the concept of hagelslag , but okay , fine , i sort of land in some kind of understanding . 
  but why add butter to the mix ? 
  * shudders * i 'm not a fan of butter in anything , but with ... is hagelslag chocolate ? 
  i * really * do n't understand that combination . 
  yeah . 
  i find it a little telling that the only danish word that redditors understand is the made-up word to describe the danish language 's unintelligibility . 
  just saying . 
  not really . 
  i did have a relative who fell down that rabbit hole something fierce - i 'm talking `` there 's a muslim-fueled civil war coming to sweden '' level crazy . 
  i have n't kept in touch with her since then ( for unrelated reasons ) , but from what i 've heard she came back to the land of the reasonable when she left her husband who was apparently influencing her a lot in that regard . 
  but otherwise no . 
  people i know on facebook sometimes share suspicious things , but it 's usually some classmate from 15 years ago and not someone i have any contact with today ( except for knowing them on facebook ) . 
  fear is perhaps not the right word , at least not for sweden . 
  but they are every now and again testing the waters in various ways , invading our waters or air space and so on . 
  they do so even more against the baltic countries . 
  in other words , they seem to want to remind us that we do in fact live next to a big bear every so often . 
  a couple of years ago this would n't have concerned me at all , but now we have both trump and putin in control of two of the world 's super powers . 
  suddenly old alliances and established boundaries seem very much up for negotiation , which is just bad if you are on the receiving end of the shit that might hit the fan . 
  will something bad happens ? 
  probably not . 
  but it 's not the absolute `` no '' i would have given a few years ago . 
  and no one understands danish , regardless of effort . 
  hahaha . 
  indeed it is . 
  it 's one of the reasons why i rarely celebrate anything ( unless it 's a `` stay home with the family and have a nice meal '' tradition , like christmas ) . 
  as a non-drinker , having everyone prioritizing getting drunk every holiday was pretty annoying . 
  but that was when i was younger . 
  i * hope * that things are different among people in their 30s , but i have n't really had the urge to find out . 
  i somehow misread it as the most important winter olympics sport . 
  but for both winter and summer , yeah , definitely swimming . 
  and football . 
  and athletics . 
  i believe in social democracy , but i do n't believe it should be pushed on people - especially not from the eu . 
  there has to be opposing ideologies for democracy to work . 
  pushing out liberalism ( for example ) does n't seem like a very democratic thing to do , regardless of what i think of it . 
  had you asked me yesterday i would have said bread with hard cheese , and some coffee . 
  but since it 's saturday today , i 'm basically in `` fuck the world , my bed is comfy so just let me sleep '' mode . 
  i might just skip breakfast and go directly for some kind of early lunch in a couple of hours instead . 
  ice hockey , by far . 
  various skiing sports , depending on where we 're good in any particular year . 
  i personally really like to watch curling , but i do n't know if it 's popular enough to warrant a third place on this list . 
  we usually have 300g bags , which explains the confusion . 
  150 of those a year would have been insane . 
  i still feel that 150 of any bag , however small , is a lot , though . 
  you still need to eat one every other day . 
  same here , and it 's not some saint who comes with the gifts but the * ( jul ) tomte * , a being from old pagan folklore . 
  i had to look it up because that is not how i 've ever celebrated it ( but yes , we do ) . 
  turns out that the boat racing is how the students of uppsala university celebrate it . 
  it 's a tradition of theirs that is pretty different from the rest of the country . 
   we usually ( at least in the stockholm area ) have these huge bonfires , and people who enjoy such things get completely shitfaced . 
  we do n't really have the budget or the audience for a lot of the shows i would like to see , so it 's pretty neat that you can do game of thrones and star trek , for example . 
  when it comes to cop shows there is an audience , both domestic and international , so we occasionally do dip our toes there . 
  but we import a lot of yours too . 
  what i think we 're better at is `` weekend entertainment '' in the form of game shows and stuff like that . 
  i have n't seen much american programs like that on swedish tv , but that might well be because it 's a lot more fun to see swedish celebrities/contestants compete in them than random americans . 
  it 's possible that we get some of the formats from american shows ( even if i think that we import british formats a lot more ) . 
  this last category is basically the only things i view on swedish tv . 
  otherwise i mostly view netflix or hbo 's streaming service , and those are dominated by american shows even more than on our regular channels . 
  i love british tv , especially humor .
