  they were referencing comments here , and there are quite a number of comments here stinking of `` final solutions '' . 
  also word `` racist '' does n't appear in their comment . 
  proposing deporting them to `` the middle of the sea '' ( quote ) is pretty fucking hateful , yes . 
   [ cis scum ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cis\u2013trans_isomerism ), 
   the state duma has just adopted a new law concerning the resettlement . 
  speaking of local governments . 
  i find it extremely ironic that state parliament creates new laws just to shuffle some people around in moscow . 
  like , what the fuck are they up to after this ? 
  edit : oh right , more shit like vpn restrictions and protecting us from teh ebil west . 
  cue more nutjob youtube videos about swiss opening gates of hell and shit like that . 
  seriously look it up ( or do n't ) , there are hours upon hours of them  that * ~ artsy ~ * gotthard opening ceremony probably did n't help though :d, 
  `` russian '' is not a political affiliation . 
  it 's a citizenship . 
  a piece of paper , a birthplace or some other defining characteristic . 
  there can not be anything funny about it , or any other citizenship , in a context of political discussion . 
  no i did n't . 
  i said that my nationality does n't define my political opinions and saying that i somehow ca n't accuse others of propaganda ( or , more precisely , brigading ) on this sub because of my nationality is stupid . 
  i do hold russian citizenship , that 's correct . 
  what 're you trying to say ? 
  because i totally support my government and can be lumped into generic `` russian '' mass , right . 
  everyone knows this sub is constantly brigaded by t_d . 
  police officers usually are n't alone . 
   what the fuck is going on here ? 
  islam-related thread was created off-eu-primetime and in us-primetime : thinking :, 
  implying anyone wants those failures of human beings . 
   rest , around 25 % , to be `` new arrivals '' to me it seemed like this was about ethnic europeans ( hence , converts ) . 
  it seems that he uses radicalized european citizens for these percentages . 
  it 's somewhat difficult for me to understand the language exactly so i may be wrong . 
  the article goes on to mention :  converts , who also have an approach to islam decontextualized from any culture , account for about 25 percent of those who fall prey to violent fundamentalism . 
   third generations are normally better integrated in the west and do n't account for more than 15 percent of homegrown jihadis, 
  at this point it 's not like you have a choice . 
  you can either keep repeating that or help those people integrate . 
  guess which way will go more peacefully and with fewer victims . 
   50 different chemicals it 's safe to assume your saliva contains more than that . 
  sorry , i 'm always annoyed at this . 
  everything is a chemical . 
  this is such an important point and it is downvoted :( thank you for bringing it up anyway . 
  i think czechia sounds a lot better than czech republic . 
  the same way rossiya sounds a lot better than fucking rossiyskaya federatsiya . 
  i for one am glad that i can use the same , single-word , nice-sounding name for czechia in both russian and english . 
  i like how you continue to talk nonsense even after people pointed out where your mistake is . 
  stop triggering my school tatar classes ptsd , guys . 
  is there a tatar community in paris ? 
  did n't expect to see this , looks pretty authentic . 
   `` muslims need to stand up and do more '' v. `` they do n't need to apologize for the actions of others . '', 
  how does the first lead to the second ? 
  why the fuck should an average muslim * apologize * for those sickos ? 
  edit : nice downvote . 
  care to actually answer ? 
  edit2 : not downvoted now , but i 'll keep the first edit . 
  this is not a small question , i suggest people think carefully before simply clicking that arrow . 
  he 's got the best words !, 
  it 's true !, 
   no , common sense wo n't save you because wannacry can infect you even without your doing anything in the internet , you can just turn on your computer and get infected by it . 
  common sense includes not disabling your software 's update functionality , including your os 's . 
  i have n't used an ( resident * ) antivirus since ca . 
  2008 and i have n't had a single case of unauthorised code running on my machines . 
  \\* - i do use cureit and avz from time to time . 
  probably never heard of virustotal.com . 
  i hope you guys wo n't go full great firewall like we did :\\ not only is it a disgusting censorship tool , it also simply breaks stuff because its users are incompetent . 
  just recently , they finally managed to unblock ~ 10 cloudflare ( cdn ) domains that were blocked for several months . 
  due to this various sites and online game logins randomly were n't working at times . 
  in the current atmosphere of xenophobia and isolationism , is it really ? 
  i mean if they failed their classes that of course is their failure . 
  but to communicate like we do here , to accept and analyse other opinions in other languages from different medias requires certain open-mindedness and desire to do so . 
  this is uncommon i 'd say . 
  i feel that what you really mean is `` do n't equate me and my circle with russian government '' and i agree with that . 
  unfortunately given the current aggressive indoctrination and propaganda , the government and majority of population do n't agree with our views . 
  scroll down . 
   the paperwork is hard only the first time , once you get used to it , it 's not a big deal yeah , collecting 500g in paper is n't a big deal . 
  / s i did it 2 times personally , and helped some more times when i was younger . 
  it 's obnoxious , it takes a lot of time and requires constant meticulous checks and re-checks . 
  funny , i 'm usually the one telling my friends that applying for schengen by themselves is n't hard and they just have to follow the procedure  but at the same time , the procedure requires so much more effort than just buying a plane ticket . 
   fees are not comparable to the sum you need to spent a vacation in europe i agree in case you 're going as a tourist all by yourself . 
  but i 'm usually visiting my swiss friend who covers a lot of my expenses for stuff like food and lets me live at their place . 
  in this case fees can get to ~ 25 % of the minimal trip cost ( i.e. 
  plane ticket + travel insurance ) . 
  i do live a bit away from moscow . 
  see my other comment here : it 's a ton of annoying paperwork , some fees and uncertainty . 
  i ca n't be the only one to [ remember this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9fimc2lor8 ) every time they say `` slam '' . 
  i care and i envy them . 
  last time i applied for schengen visas for me and my friend to visit switzerland our documents ended up at 500g of paper . 
  i weighed the envelope before sending it because of how stuffed with paper it became . 
  so it 's a bunch of annoying paperwork that has to be done right . 
  and then there are fees for the visa , for processing company , for dhl courier . 
  you also need to buy plane tickets before making the tourist visa application which adds to the uncomfortable uncertainty while you wait for their decision . 
  -- it was way worse before when they did n't have contracts with processing companies ( which in turn use dhl as couriers ) and you had to apply directly at the embassy in moscow , and then live there for a week . 
   western oligarchies dont stop dictatorships that arent in their way . 
  should they ? 
  should crimes of another country 's citizen committed in that country be investigated and acted upon by a 3rd country which that citizen happened to be visiting ? 
  how delusional are you , exactly ? 
   polish territory where the poles were a minority which letter in a word `` border '' do you not understand ? 
   selling your own history i too would want to sell history ( whatever that means ) that involves swapping one tyrant for another . 
  so the payload was delivered flawlessly to orbit , the stage descended in controlled fashion precisely on target and achieved a soft landing , and then a landing leg failed in a minor way ( that has since been fixed ) . 
  and you 're citing this as some failure of rocket reusability ? 
  they even call all their landing `` experimental '' ffs , even though they nailed most of the more recent ones . 
  the guy you 're answering to is a troll but your answer is dumb too . 
   he got 2000 comments on lenta because of all ` shkolota ' is this all you can muster ? 
  edit : oh , i see another highly intelligent personal insult about being high . 
  keep being a pig .
