   you can try and be offended all you want but you 're not doing anyone any favours . 
  not offended and not trying to do anyone any favours . 
  like i said , i think the css on / r/askeurope is nice as it includes all the flags of europe . 
  it was a compliment , why are you getting all hostile ? 
  just pointing out what the article is saying . 
  it 's saying a50 being invoked may be delayed till the end of 2017 to get the french and german elections out of the way . 
  the last thing we want is french and german politicians trying to score political points by promising to be tough on britain . 
  i prefer it to / r/europe 's css because the header image is inclusive to all nationalities of europe instead of just supporters of the european project . 
  actually , the article is assuming article 50 will be invoked in 2017 and it will take 2 years to leave . 
  edit : cgp grey was saying a50 will never get invoked . 
  this was kind of expected . 
  if article 50 is invoked in 2017 and the process can take up to 2 years , of course it 'll be around 2019 when we officially leave . 
  i remember awhile ago , nigel farage wrote an article for breitbart responding to something and you guys did n't make an exception . 
  yes , breitbart is normally a shitty news source but like you say , when a politician is the author of the article exceptions should be made . 
  is this a new thing you guys are doing ? 
   i have an extreme dislike of anything that could potentially undermine the peace process . 
  he says while grinding his axe . 
  may has said there will be , [ no return to ` borders of the past ' in post-brexit northern ireland ] ( http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/may-says-no-return-to-borders-of-the-past-in-postbrexit-northern-ireland-34908875.html ) , and nobody important is suggesting there should be . 
  i do n't think you have anything to worry about in relation to the cta . 
  there is no reason why the uk and ireland ca n't have good relations post-brexit . 
  any particular reason you hate the uk so much ? 
  your account seems to be dedicated to it . 
  ok let me break it down for you : individual members will be influencing the deal . 
  some individual members have more influence than others . 
  in short , the eu will be doing what germany wants . 
  yes , they ca n't negotiate trade deals independently , but some eu countries have more influence than others and to get a picture of how negotiations will go it 's better to compare the exports of key players like france and germany as these countries will have the greatest influence on any deal . 
  not sure what the point of bringing the usa and china into this is , those countries are irrelevant to an eu-uk trade deal . 
  how much does germany export to the uk and how much does the uk export to germany ? 
  how much does ireland export to the uk and how much does the uk export to ireland ? 
  that 's a better way of looking at it . 
  if the eu functioned as a united block you might have a point , but germany will be looking out for german interests , ireland will be looking out for irish interests , france will be looking out for french interests , eu interests will always come second to national interests . 
  so it 's better to compare exports of the key countries in the eu rather than the eu as a whole to get a better picture . 
  the one [ bing ] ( https://www.bing.com/search?q=2016+summer+olympics+medal+prediction ) uses , and yeah , it looks like it 's sorted by golds . 
  what do you mean visibly and not a code level ? 
  if an ad is visibly different from the content , the markup and css will obviously be different too and a script will be able to pick up on that . 
  we 're predicted to come 3rd in the medal table behind the us and china . 
  germany is predicted to come 5th , france 9th , and italy 10th . 
  we can be cocky . 
   the flag of europe , or european flag , consists of a circle of 12 golden ( yellow ) stars on an azure background . 
  it is an official symbol of two separate organizations -- the council of europe ( coe ) and the european union ( eu ) thanks for confirming what i already said . 
  the bit where it says :  in its broadest sense , the flag represents the continent of europe or the countries of europe independent of any institution . 
  the citation it links to does not mention anything about the flag representing the continent or countries of europe independent of any institution , so this is misleading and should be changed . 
  edit : and by law you 're not allowed to use the flag `` with any objective or activity which is incompatible with the aims and principles of the european union or the council of europe . '', 
  so that should tell you everything you need to know . 
  no , it 's just the flag of the eu and the coe . 
  the eu says it 's supposed to [ broadly represent a european identity ] ( https://europa.eu/european-union/about-eu/symbols/flag_en ) , but that is one opinion of a political organisation . 
  millions of people in europe do not agree with that , nor do they feel the flag represents them . 
  they 're nowhere near as prominent , they 're tiny and hidden . 
  i just thought it was a respectful thing to do , showcasing all of europe 's national flags in that way . 
  nice job whoever made that css . 
  nice css , showing all the flags of europe instead of just the eu/coe flag . 
  except it 's not , coe says it 's supposed to broadly represent a european identity . 
  the citation makes no mention of it representing the european continent . 
  only 15 % of british people feel a european identity , so you ca n't say the flag represents british people . 
  the flag does n't represent most people in britain , so do n't claim that it represents us . 
  do you think the flag represents russia and turkey too ? 
  i can agree with that , just did n't like when you said it represents the european continent as a whole . 
  if you follow the citation it says nothing about the flag representing the european continent as a whole , all it mentions is european identity . 
  a political organisation can claim their flag represents anything , it does n't make it true . 
  how can you say to british people that it represents them when the average brit does n't identify with that flag ? 
  it does n't represent the european continent , it represents the eu and the coe like that wiki article says , neither of which belarus is a member . 
  the eu is the most known out of the two , and that is what the flag is commonly associated with . 
  the average brit does not identify with that flag , the average russian or turk definitely does not identify that flag , so please , do n't insult millions of people by claiming a flag of a political organisation which many do n't support somehow represents them . 
  it certainly does n't represent me . 
   what 's the point of the referendum ? 
  apply pressure on the eu ? 
  it will make it clear that if the eu requires hungary to accept quotas , it is doing so against the will of the hungarian people , and once again , it will show how undemocratic the eu is . 
  what do you want national governments to do when they disagree with a decision that comes from the eu ? 
  just roll over and accept it ? 
   has n't this been assumed for some time ? 
  yeah , she 's said this from the beginning . 
  what 's new is she 's reiterated it to the dutch pm and danish pm . 
   the british aim to take a good measure of continental interests and wait for the french elections . 
  the official aim is to `` provide time for the uk and eu nations to prepare properly for negotiations to ensure a smooth and orderly brexit '' , everything else is just speculative . 
  all that matters is everyone has a choice to do whatever they want , it does n't have to be 100:100 , and 100:100 is no better or worse than 100:80 . 
  why do you dismiss biological pressures ? 
  do you think in an ideal world a woman who has just gave birth will go straight into work the next day ? 
  do you not think child birth could be a factor in the employment gap ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with an employment gap , a lot of women choose to be a housewife and that 's ok . 
  1 person dead and 5 injured are not characteristics of a terrorist attack ? 
  it 's wrong to assume people that voted remain do n't care about national identity and self-determination . 
  people voted remain for a variety of reasons , not just economics , and some on the remain side were just as patriotic as those on the leave side . 
  if the uk closed its border with ireland , would ireland want to rejoin the uk ? 
  no , of course not , national identity and self-determination trump gdp . 
   gibraltans are gon na want shared sovereignty after brexit . 
  based on what ? 
  a gut feeling . 
  what 's your problem with the article ? 
  you 're attacking op for posting the article but you have n't explained what your problem specifically is with the article . 
  do you think news like this should be censored ? 
  why ? 
  it 's a british polling company , their target audience are british , and we 're still in the eu . 
  unlike mainstream islam , i do consider ahmadiyya muslims to be true muslims . 
  my point is ahmadiyya muslims are n't representative of the sect is belong to , sunni islam . 
  it was a quote from the article but it looks like it has been removed , the article does n't even mention ahmadiyya muslims anymore . 
  i did n't say sunni islam is a homogeneous group , i said sunni muslims do n't consider ahmadiyya muslims to be real muslims . 
  which school of sunni islam recognizes ahmadiyya muslims as real muslims ? 
   many of the muslims who attended the service in rouen were ahmadiyya muslims sunni muslims do n't consider ahmadiyya muslims to be real muslims , pakistan even has it written into their constitution . 
  it was a nice gesture from the ahmadiyya muslim community , but let 's not kid ourselves and think this is representative of the largest islamic sect in france , sunni islam . 
  i do n't see it as a divorce , i see it like a captive escaping .
