  more european countries should reintroduce it . 
  non-eu migration is up to individual countries , not the eu as a whole . 
   we all have our phrases with god in it , one especially used it `` oh my god '' but when allah is said for some reason it 's seen as le super religious anti secularist etc etc it 's because it 's usually the words shouted by extremists , so it 's perfectly normal to think it 's `` le super religious anti secularist etc etc. '', 
  we do n't have any extremists that shout `` oh my god '' before they kill a load of innocent people , so you can see why it 's different . 
  as a leave voter and someone that is usually pessimistic , i 'm confident that we will invoke article 50 . 
  my concern is whether we 're going to get a full fat brexit or a semi-skinned brexit . 
  personally , i hope it 's a full fat brexit . 
  future governments ca n't overrule them . 
  what 's your argument ? 
  why do you think i have ` no clue ' and ` do not understand how geopolitics work ' ? 
  give me something to respond to . 
  to be a self-governing country your parliament has to be supreme in my view . 
  for example , our parliament ca n't overrule eu directives , regulations or decisions while being in the eu . 
  why ? 
  because you disagree ? 
  it would be inappropriate to wish for the dismantling of the eu if i were some kind of uk official , but i 'm not . 
   hopefully in 15 years little england will realize what they have done they 'll realize what a great decision it was . 
  we can control non-eu migration and the uk government is to blame for the levels of non-eu migration , the eu 's freedom of movement is to blame for the levels of eu migration . 
   also , the eu immigrants contribute more , they are net contributors . 
  as the bank of england has said , mass migration results in wage compression . 
  and there is social issues like waiting times at the doctors , school places for kids , integration , etc. 
  not everything is about gdp . 
  that was when she was expecting the leadership elections to take 3 months , but since it was cut short due to andrea dropping out there 's certainly the possibility of it being called this year . 
  when exporting to the eu , of course . 
  just like there are regulations when exporting to china , the us , etc. 
  the eu will need to apply regulations when exporting to the uk when we leave . 
   talk to you in 15 years and see what you say then . 
  hopefully the eu wo n't even exist then and we will have returned to a europe of self-governing countries co-operating with each other on an inter-governmental level . 
  maybe so , but i 'd rather we had control over eu migration and not have to implement eu directives , regulations , and decisions . 
  we 'll do fine outside the eu . 
  i do n't think spain will want uk 's pensioners to go considering their pension and healthcare is paid for by the uk . 
  personally i think it would be best for the uk to sort out non-eu trade deals before invoking article 50 . 
  at the end of the day it 's up to the uk government , not other european countries . 
  you honestly think the uk is n't going to leave ? 
  and it 's talking about 4 years after we leave for the agreement to be ratified :  hammond 's assessment suggests that the uk might take two years from this winter -- assuming that is when article 50 is triggered -- to negotiate an exit agreement , and then wait a further four years for the agreement to be ratified . 
  thanks , denmark . 
  perhaps you 'll be the next country to free yourself from the shackles of the european prison . 
  polls showed welsh voters backed remain during the run up to the referendum . 
  you 'll come to accept we 're leaving in time . 
  no way could a conservative government realistically overrule the referendum result considering their membership is euroscetpic and most voted to leave . 
  access to the single market is a different issue and it does n't require being a member of the eu , but the uk could manage just fine with the worst case scenario , wto rules , but both the eu and the uk wo n't want that . 
  we 're leaving , all candidates for the next pm say we 're leaving , even the one that backed remain . 
  i thought we 'd be passed the denial stage by now , but i guess we 're not . 
  * when the uk leaves the eu, 
  ceta would allow canada preferential access to the eu 's single market and they would n't need to have freedom of movement . 
  do n't see why we should n't be able to get something like that . 
  i think you 're confusing `` access to the single market '' and `` being in the single market '' , if ceta comes into force canda will have preferential access to the eu 's single market . 
  the singapore and hong kong approach sounds even better , but i think that 's really unlikely to happen . 
  like i said , something like the canada option would be nice . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36639261  it gives canada preferential access to the eu single market without all the obligations that norway and switzerland face , eliminating most trade tariffs . 
  however , some `` sensitive '' food items , including eggs and chicken , are not covered by it . 
  you 're assuming we wo n't have access to the single market after leaving though . 
  large companies will be pressuring the uk government and eu governments to ensure the uk retains access to the single market , i just hope it does n't involve keeping freedom of movement , something like the canada option . 
  yep , and new businesses to come to uk . 
  their logic is more , `` let 's encourage investment by reducing cooperation tax '', 
  yeah , these people do n't care about democracy , all they care about is getting their own way like the people that downvoted you . 
   leaving the eu on the other hand , that 's for good . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  it 's for the best . 
  this is the only pro-remain tory that has a chance of becoming our next pm . 
  when did everything go so right for europe ? 
  good luck , austria , i hope you make the right decision this time . 
  i 'm against the eu parliament deciding laws for me , not the uk parliament , if scotland wants to reject the uk parliament that is a decision for them . 
  i support parliamentary democracies when they are supported by the people . 
  does that clear it up ? 
   so , you argue , we should have no parliamentary democracy at all ? 
  no , not saying that , not sure why jumped to that conclusion . 
  if that 's what they want , yes . 
   of course they ca n't and that 's why i voted to leave . 
  as someone that voted leave because of sovereignty , it 's because the mps we elect ca n't block eu directives , regulations , and decisions they disagree with nor can they set quotas when it comes to eu migration . 
  nobody said we have * no * sovereignty , the referendum is evidence of that . 
  there 's really no point in replaying the referendum , what 's done is done . 
  we 're leaving . 
  we account for less than 2 % of the world 's emissions . 
  do we really need a co2 emissions target ? 
  no need to call him fascist either . 
  even though i agree with freedom of panorama , this is something that should be decided on at a national level , it 's not an issue for the european commission . 
  i want a rerun because my side lost . 
  1 % of those that voted leave are unhappy with the result , 4 % of those that voted remain are happy with the result . 
  a more reputable poll put it at 52/48 . 
  i think the people who did n't vote were for apathy . 
  not fiercely pro-eu , the overall vote for london was 60/40 and the remain votes are n't necessarily a vote for the eu , they could be a vote against uncertainty . 
  he might genuinely think brexit is best for london though . 
  does the mayor of london have to agree with the majority of londoners on everything ? 
  were the majority of them a vote in favour of the eu or a vote against uncertainty though ? 
  would you say the same about irish people that join the british army ? 
  i do n't think it 's as simple as that , and i do n't think they 're a ` buch of cunts ' for fighting for what they believe in . 
  not the official leave campaign leaflets , but do n't let that ruin your circle jerk . 
  i think the house of commons should be able to reject eu regulations , directives and decisions it disagrees with and set their own immigration quotas in regards to eu migrants , to do that requires us to leave the eu . 
  i 'm british , he 's the first pro-remain foreign leader i have any respect for , but i 'll still be voting leave . 
  an anti-globalist and eurosceptic mayor , can only be a good thing . 
  her party stands alongside ukip in the efdd group in the ep , the efdd group becoming the largest group in the ep is my next hope if the uk votes to remain in the eu , which , unfortunately , is looking likely . 
  i wish her well and i 'm sure she 'll do a great job , assuming she wins , of course . 
  it might not be for awhile , but it 's an undeniable fact that they are in the process of joining . 
  not for places with a sub-replacement fertility it is n't , otherwise you have to rely heavily on immigration and that causes culture clashes like what you see all over western europe today . 
  let 's be honest , you do n't really know what you 're angry about . 
  i do n't know why it would want to , all i 'm saying is the uk is perfectly entitled to have representation in trade talks while it 's still a member of the eu . 
  ok , whatever you say , mate . 
  because it would be illegal under the eu 's own rules . 
  donald tusk did n't mention uk 's membership at all in that quote .
