  there are still many people being held captive by the eu , maybe one day they will escape too . 
   who knows which way the undecideds would swing though . 
  during the run up to the eu referendum i seen numerous posts on here saying undecideds usually favour the status quo , do n't know how true that is though . 
  why is it funny that brexiters post on / r/europe ? 
  we 're still geographically european , we just want to leave the eu . 
  it was a joke . 
  and when was the last time a terrorist attack happened in north korea ? 
  at some point in the near future the eu wo n't exist and europe will be better off for it . 
  people that want to leave the eu do n't automatically want to leave the wto , un , and other inter-governmental organisations , nor can you compare the wto to the eu . 
  the wto does n't have its own parliament and it does n't require members to have freedom of movement . 
  if those that wanted us to remain are to be believed , yes . 
  personally , i do n't think the average person will feel any worse . 
   seriously , that myth has to die . 
  what myth ? 
   ceta is not anywhere close when it comes to services . 
  did n't say it is . 
  it could mean a ceta-like free-trade agreement . 
  well , that 's not what i 'm suggesting and because you assume a slight criticism of immigration policy means deporting our own citizens already living here just shows how ridiculous some people are when it comes to debating immigration . 
  do i want to stop all immigration ? 
  do i want to deport people already living here ? 
  do i want a sensible immigration policy so enclaves are less likely to form and people with an immigrant background are more likely to integrate ? 
  yes . 
   deporting people who live in europe for 30 years + why do you think i 'm suggesting that ? 
  please explain . 
  islamic fundamentalism will still be a problem in europe with or without is . 
  a noticeable effect years from now is better than no noticeable effect years from now . 
  i know , i was just answering his question :  would you be satisfied with eea agreement if we got an opt-out from free movement ? 
  if it 's a genuine opt-out from free movement and not just an emergency break for x years , yeah , i 'd be satisfied with that , but i 'd rather we had a proper brexit . 
  usually born to an immigrant with a different culture , so you ca n't say it has nothing to do with immigration even if they are homegrown . 
  but then you get people saying , `` b-but homegrown '' as if have lived there for generations and it has nothing whatsoever to do with immigration when it reality they are 2nd generation . 
   really do n't like the name . 
  that 's never been confirmed . 
  the way i see `` daesh '' is just a way for people to refer to them without mentioning `` islam '' in english . 
  as someone who voted leave , i would think keeping eu migration and having to abide by eu rules would mean staying in the eu by the backdoor . 
  in fact i think it would be worse since we 'd have no say . 
  hopefully it wo n't mean joining the eea/efta and we get some ceta-like deal , theresa has already said brexit means brexit and there will be no attempts to stay in the eu by the backdoor , joining the eea would mean staying in the eu by the backdoor . 
  even if it means losing the ` banking passport ' , i would rather we be a normal country being able to control immigration , make our own trade deals , and not being required to implement laws that came from a foreign commission/parliament . 
  the mostly eurosceptic conservative membership would n't be happy if theresa cheated them out of brexit , so i am confident she will deliver a proper brexit . 
  if not , ukip still has a job to do . 
  i do n't `` fail to realise '' anything , but i disagree with your idea that the uk government does n't care about its own citizens in certain areas . 
  and it 's not sad days for me , i 'm excited for the brexit opportunities . 
  it 's not dishonest to say turkey is in the process of joining the eu as long as they still have their application . 
  yes , it might not happen for a long long time , but still , it 's a fact . 
  i do n't blame the leave campaign for using this . 
  if you honestly want to know what the hell we were thinking , the way i see it is like this , the uk taxpayers give the eu money , the eu gives us a bit of it back and takes all the credit with those signs . 
  if a uk government is n't spending money how the british public want them to , we can kick them out at the next general election . 
  that 's partly the reason i voted to leave . 
  i see , thanks . 
  why 7 and not 6 or 8 ? 
  what is their logic behind 7 ? 
  except the government is n't tell people what to do in their bedrooms . 
  and the munich police have said there is no clear motive , so lets wait and see . 
  you jumping to conclusions by saying it was a mentally ill gunmen is no better than `` racist assholes '' assuming it was islam related terrorist attack . 
  iranian does n't automatically mean shia . 
  it 's like comparing sunni muslims to sunni muslims tbh . 
  france has a larger muslim percentage than the uk and canada which is why france has more problems with islamic fundamentalism . 
  that 's all it comes down to really . 
  here in the uk , [ ukip is considered left of the tories ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/poll-shows-voters-believe-ukip-is-to-the-left-of-the-tories-9923416.html ) , so not sure why you 're comparing ukip to fn and pvv . 
  you 're right , but honestly , [ we 've never felt a european identity in the uk ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/analysis-paper-2-do-we-feel-european.pdf ) . 
  [ only 15 % of british people feel a european identity . 
  ] ( http://whatukthinks.org/eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/analysis-paper-2-do-we-feel-european.pdf ) so i would n't say it 's just the english that do n't feel a european identity . 
  british people in general do n't . 
   but killing them should still be a mean of last resort . 
  what if other options are a higher risk to public safety ? 
  should it still be a mean of last resort ? 
  risk to life is justification to shoot someone , even in countries that have abolished capital punishment . 
  i 'm just pointing out the main arguments against capital punishment do n't apply here , his guilt was certain the moment he attacked police , and the police shooting him will save german tax payers money . 
  it 's win-win imo . 
   it would be much better for everyone if he was captured alive . 
  i disagree . 
  there is no doubt about his guilt since he attacked the police and it will be a lot cheaper than putting him in prison . 
  i would coincide that it 's better for it go to court if just punishments for people like this were available , i.e. 
  capital punishment , but they 're not . 
   so , saying that all $ ideologygroup should be executed for their political ideology is now patriotism ? 
  no , that 's not patriotism and the us does n't execute people for the political ideology . 
   not yet . 
  good . 
  so we 've established that a country can have the death penalty and not be a fascist country . 
  agreed ? 
  you seem to be confusing patriotism with fascism . 
  the us is not a fascist country . 
  if we do n't blame those doing nothing , they will continue to do nothing . 
  if a terrorist attack happened in hungary , nobody would blame orban . 
  why ? 
  because he is perceived as trying to do something to prevent islamic fundamentalism . 
  the problem with most other european leaders is they have their heads in the sand and refuse to do anything meaningful . 
  the us has the death penalty , are you calling the us a fascist country ? 
  except in most european prisons they are hardly suffering for the rest of their life , are they ? 
  in a lot of european countries life sentences do n't mean life in prison , it 's ridiculous . 
  the death penalty is worse than any prison sentence and it should n't be completely off the table for the most heinous of crimes . 
  i do n't care about the cost , i just care what 's right . 
  europe will warm to the idea as more tragedies inevitably happen . 
  so what you 're say is , anders breivik might be innocent . 
  none . 
  it should only be used in cases where it 's absolutely certain , like in the case of anders breivik . 
  my point is , absolute certainty is n't impossible . 
  many people have differing opinions to what human rights should and should n't be . 
  would you say the certainty of anders breivik guilt is questionable ? 
  i know it 's a controversial thing to say , i just do n't think mass murderers deserve to live . 
  it would n't be right to sentence criminals to death who committed their crimes before it was reintroduced , but do n't have a problem with reintroducing the death penalty in general .
