this is disingenuous , nobody in turkey or russia thinks the european flag represents them . 
  it is widely seen as the eu flag now . 
   if you see life starting at conception why does the fact that it was conceived by rape negate that life 's right to exist ? 
  it does n't , i never said it did . 
  my point was women have full control of their reproductive system even if abortion was banned because pregnancy is avoidable bar exceptional cases like rape . 
  i assume some pro-lifers tolerate abortions in cases of rape as a compromise , but are still uncomfortable with it . 
  yeah , it 's a religious/philosophical perspective , but it 's not hard to understand their reasoning . 
  if you see a child 's life starting at conception , it 's not unreasonable to think of abortion as murder . 
   a woman should be able to control her own body . 
  bar exceptional cases like rape , a woman does have control of her body even if abortion is banned . 
  pregnancy is avoidable . 
  yes , contraception is n't 100 % , but women know these risks before having sex . 
  honestly , it 's not hard to understand their religious perspective . 
  they see a human life starting at conception and to destroy that life is akin to murder and they see ivf as meddling with nature . 
  i may not agree , especially with the latter , but their logic for justifying it is sound . 
  hate it when fart sniffers claim their position is progress implying those on the opposite side of the argument are anti-progress tbh . 
  i 'm for same-sex marriage , but there are better arguments than `` progress '' and things like `` it 's 2016 '' , mainly , for me , people should be allowed to do whatever they want as long as it does n't negatively affect other people 's lives . 
  there is n't going to be a trade war , the only issue is the financial passport . 
  the eu wo n't allow the uk to have the financial passport without freedom of movement and rightly so , but i 'm certain free trade in goods will continue as usual . 
  come on op , a victim complex does n't suit us . 
  we 're british . 
  it was a joke , lighten up . 
  do n't know , but i certainly do n't agree with their racial policies . 
  i 'm sure they had policies i would agree with , but their racial policies would definitely be a red line for me . 
  well , their 2015 manifesto had plenty of policies . 
  i 'll admit it was their main policy but no way was it their only policy . 
  you can read a summary of them [ here ] ( http://www.ukip.org/ukip_manifesto_summary ) . 
  we 're all british at the end of the day , disagreeing with each other is fine , but this level of hatred you appear to have for ukip is a bit depressing . 
   ukip are , definitionally , small-minded bigots . 
  you see , that is an opinion . 
  i could say ukip are open minded about the benefits of leaving the eu and those who are n't are small minded . 
  you appear to just disagree with their points-based system and leaving the eu , i bet there are many ukip policies you agree with . 
  to say you disagree with everything ukip stand for is , in my opinion , a bit small minded . 
   ukip complain that the tories are taking their policies , ukip did n't complain the tories are taking their polices , i know which headline you 're referring to , but in the article it gives off the impression that nigel and arron were proud that they shifted the centre ground . 
  i do n't know what you meant . 
  they stand for scrapping the ` bedroom tax ' and making first aid training part of the national curriculum , are you against those too ? 
   considering that they stand for pandering to xenophobic nationalist halfwits , that 's your opinion of the party and not anything objective like policies . 
  they stand for removing hospital parking fees and they want gps to take the responsibility for disability assessments away from external contractors , such as atos , are you against those ? 
  he came off quite well , not sure what / u/gatonanashi is talking about . 
  we 're still in the eu and will be till at least 2017 , until then we will meet all our obligations . 
  even if we had already left , it 's perfectly normal for countries to co-operate with each other and offer each other advice . 
  you 're just being blinded by hate , which is kinda sad . 
  countries should n't offer suggestions to other countries unless they 're in a political union with each other . 
  is this what you 're saying ? 
  the migration crisis affects all of europe , do n't you think countries should work towards solving it ? 
  is switzerland , norway , and iceland allowed to make suggestions ? 
  do n't you think you 're just being bitter ? 
  what 's wrong with the uk offering suggestions ? 
  probably the exact same odds of it striking any other spot . 
  the bbc article makes no mention of it being a hate crime . 
  although i 'm not a fan of the eu , i am still geographically european and interested in europe . 
  why is it a problem that i 'm here ? 
  so what you 're saying is it 's virtually impossible to predict what it 'll be like under wto rules ? 
  it would be wrong for anyone to claim the economy would be wrecked under wto rules ? 
  you could have just asked for source if you did n't believe me . 
  it was based on [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/brexit-economists-put-cost-of-uk-losing-european-union-single-market-membership-at-75bn-a7181376.html ) report . 
  a loss of 4 % of gdp by 2030 , i can live with that and i would n't say that 's wrecked . 
  ex-ukip voter , they 've done their job . 
  i 'm on the may train now . 
  good luck , austria . 
  hope you guys make the right choice this time . 
  i 'm fine with wto rules tbh . 
  replacing the human rights act with a british bill of rights does n't mean we 'll be get rid of the echr or leaving the coe , so not sure why brought them up . 
  no , they 're just keeping in line with france 's strong tradition of secularism . 
  i do n't think banning religious symbols and clothing is necessary , but i understand there are cultural differences between france and the uk . 
  if that 's what the majority of french people want , then that is what 's right for france . 
  scottish people and english people banter with each other all the time , it 's not something mainlanders would understand . 
  the founding fathers of the us were considered terrorists by the british empire . 
  also , the dictionary definition of terrorism makes no mention of mass media . 
   the use of violence and threats to intimidate or coerce , especially for political purposes . 
  no mass media needed . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is . 
  the house of commons can reject amendments and bills that come from the house of lords . 
  the people we elect always have the final say when it comes to the house of lords . 
  it 's basically theresa 's main problem with the human rights act , so many times as home secretary she was unable to deport foreign criminals because of it . 
   depending on which people will be making the new rules , it might end up considerably worse than present . 
  and it might end up better , regardless i take comfort in knowing that it 'll be decided by british elected representatives and can easily be changed by future governments . 
   its very ignorant of you only to focus on that tiny bitsy detail . 
  really ? 
  can you not debate without resorting to name calling ? 
  worse for foreign criminals using ` right to family life ' to escape deportation , yeah . 
  it 's covering your face that 's the problem , not religious symbols in general . 
  german schools do n't have uniforms ? 
   last time i checked , gb ( uk ) was still apart of the eu we 'll still be a european country after we leave , and norway , switzerland , and iceland are european countries . 
  not sure why you mentioned the eu . 
  as a brexiteer , i agree . 
  i know it 's unrealistic to remain in the single market and have controls on immigration , lawmaking , and not have compulsory contributions to the eu budget . 
  which is why i think it 's best to just leave the single market and form a ceta-like deal that includes some services , yes that 's not as advantageous as the single market , but i think the controls we will regain will be worth it . 
  and according to [ this article ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2016-08-16/brexit-means-a-canadian-trade-deal-for-uk/ ) , it looks like theresa may will be aiming for a complete brexit . 
  more likely checking the ip of every user just is n't worth the resources . 
  the sites just use cookies to check the article limit . 
  it would be overkill for a news site to record the ip of every single visitor and check whether or not they have viewed x amount of articles , using cookies means all the work is done client-side . 
  incognito works , the site just uses a cookie to check your article limit . 
  china will be well ahead of the uk at the end according to [ bing 's predictions ] ( https://www.bing.com/search?q=predicted+medal+count ) . 
  it 'd be nice if we could get second , but i doubt it will happen . 
  are the holocaust-denying members representative of the party ? 
  if it 's anything like the uk you will find loons in all parties , especially within the membership . 
  the last thing the uk wants is french and german politicians trying to score political points by promising to be tough on britain . 
   apart from it does n't do that . 
  well , i think / r/askeurope 's header image is being inclusive to all nationalities by displaying all the national flags .
