  the uk does n't have inferior membership because of article 50 , it 's the exact same as it was prior to article 50 and the uk is still entitled to all the exact same benefits including representation at trade talks . 
  like it or not , the uk is still in the eu until the end of the article 50 process . 
  while in the eu the uk should still be represented in trade talks . 
  you ca n't discriminate against individual members . 
  you get to exclude the uk from trade talks , because as it stands now the uk is still an equal member of the eu until the end of the article 50 process . 
  the eu ca n't just go discriminating against individual members . 
  i thought the uk is still an equal , fully fledged member of the eu until the end of the article 50 process . 
  does n't seem like it would be legal for the eu to discriminate against a single member of the eu . 
  perhaps the uk would be willing to opt-out of trade talks on its own for something in return , that would be fair . 
  it 's inconceivable theresa would want to reverse article 50 anyways , but as a brexiteer i hope michel wins this pointless battle just so remainers here in the uk can stop hoping for a reversal of article 50 . 
  or maybe it 's because iceland is more than 700 miles away and britain , ireland , isle of man , jersey , and guernsey are closely grouped together . 
  iceland is n't grouped with the british isles , mate . 
  just look how far away it is on a map , that 's probably why it 's not a part of the british isles . 
  just like there are northern and southern english people , there are northern and southern irish people . 
  it was just to differentiate between northern and southern irish people as most northern irish people would be fine with using `` british isles '' to refer to the group of islands . 
  day to day life , sure , most people would rarely , if ever , refer to the british isles as a whole in their conversations , just thought , for example , an irish geography teacher might have a special name to refer to all the islands when teaching geography . 
  i guess not . 
  if you include the other islands that are traditionally included in the british isles it would be great britain , ireland , isle of man , jersey , and guernsey . 
  do n't you have a shorter name to refer to them all ? 
  no , just genuinely curious . 
  i understand why southern irish people might object to the name , just want to know what you guys call the group of islands that contain great britain , ireland , isle of man , etc. 
  mate . 
  do n't have a problem with you referring to it as something else , just want to know what it is . 
  what do they call the group of islands north of france in ireland ? 
  well , we 'll all be long dead before that ever happens so i do n't think he 'll be worried about it . 
  outside the eu , sure , but restricting freedom of movement within the eu was never allowed . 
  they could prevent some people entering on grounds of national security but it was extremely strict . 
  for example , convictions alone were n't a legal reason to prevent someone entering . 
  we 'll be fine with wto rules , mate . 
  eu wo n't be able to blackmail the uk . 
   government lawyers have backed a report from a house of lords committee which argued britain could legally leave without paying up , if it accepts no withdrawal agreement . 
  there you go , the uk does n't accept them as legal obligations . 
  if they are legal obligations it will be decided in court and the uk will pay , until then , the view from the uk government and their lawyers is that they wo n't have to pay if there 's no withdrawal agreement . 
  headscarfs are n't required in lebanon , she was doing as the romans do as far as the laws are concerned . 
  that mufti guy wanting her to wear one is just like telling muslims not to wear one in europe when it 's perfectly legal either way . 
  why ? 
  having the right to vote should n't mean you should be forced to vote or waste time spoiling your ballot when you are undecided . 
  so what was unrealistic or unreasonable about her plan exactly ? 
  christ . 
  i 'm not telling old people to not move to somewhere sunny ... my point was if spain does n't want british pensioners , they and their money will be welcome back in the uk . 
   shut the fuck up . 
  no need to be rude , we can have an argument without the toxicity . 
  they should do whatever they want , i 'm just saying i 'd rather they spent their pension in the uk . 
  i 'd rather they were spending their pension money in the uk tbf . 
  individual american and individual indian workers do n't have the option to pay membership for access to the eu 's markets , i 'd rather we did n't have membership at all so we can have a fairer immigration system that does n't discriminate . 
  sadly i do n't think we 're going to agree , but it does n't matter , theresa has just said we 're leaving the single market so there 's no point arguing about it . 
  i 'm not bothered about the specific numbers , i 'm bothered that we are discriminating against talent from around the world . 
  eu workers should have exactly the same chance at working in the uk as someone from america , india , etc. 
  worst scenario ? 
  i see leaving the single market the best scenario . 
  it 's the only way we 'll regain controls on eu immigration and lawmaking . 
  ah yes , mainland europe getting in on britain 's successes just like they did during the olympics . 
  whether you support brexit or not , government policy being influenced by donors threatening to cut funding if they do n't do as they say obviously is n't right . 
  we are geographically in eurasia but not many , if any , of us feel a eurasian identity , that 's how many brits feel with europe . 
  not a scientific poll . 
  here 's a scientific poll for the uk and includes data for other countries . 
  http://whatukthinks.org/eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/analysis-paper-2-do-we-feel-european.pdf only 15 % of brits feel european . 
  rightly or wrongly they see the eu as bad for france thus they see brexit as something france should aspire to . 
  simple really . 
  i 'm welsh ( live in england ) and i do n't see england as dominating over others , i see people from england to be the same people from wales . 
  we 're all british at the end of the day . 
  that 's the difference between the eu and the uk , most people in the uk see themselves as one group . 
  the uk model would never extend over all europe because the member states would never agree to it . 
  well , they 're not independent states , neither is england which you seem to have forgot . 
  the uk is a unitary state , england , scotland wales , and northern ireland are countries within the uk . 
  like it or not , the uk is unitary state . 
  of course there wo n't be different deals for different regions of the uk . 
  well , we 'll just have agree to disagree . 
  also left and right politics is n't just an `` american namesake '' , the political spectrum of left and right is commonly used here in the uk and as the bbc says , pd are are a centre-left party . 
  wiki describes pd as centre-left and i agree with the wiki on this . 
  so why did you assume that 's why i thought this was good news and the austrian election was bad news then ? 
  you 're not really making any sense . 
  this is good news because it gets rid of a left-wing pm and gives right-wing parties in italy a chance and the austrian election was disappointing for me because they elected a left-wing president . 
  i think europe needs to shift more to the right to sort out its problems , especially with m ig ratio n. 
   do n't you know this referendum is an extension brexit/trump ? 
  it was a referendum on constitutional reform in italy , what are you on about ? 
  not at all . 
  pretty optimistic the way politics has been going lately . 
  austrian election was disappointing , sure , but you ca n't always get what you want . 
  nice to have some good news after the disappointing austrian election . 
   political correctness is basic a dogwhistle for everything progressive or respectful towards minorities . 
  personally , i just see that as a caricature to shame people who are concerned about political correctness . 
   what does this mean ? 
  reducing women rights ? 
  reducing lgbt rights ? 
  legalizing some current forms of hate crimes ? 
  no , not at all . 
  political correctness to me is refusing to deal with problems out of fear of being labelled racist , an example here in the uk is what happened in rotherham with the police refusing to deal with child grooming . 
  yeah , like i said , let 's just agree to disagree , we 're not going to convince each other . 
  you think ukip is far right , i , the media , and wikipedia do n't . 
  hitler comparisons already , i think we 'll just have to agree to disagree ca n't see this going anywhere . 
  most ukip voters i know usually voted labour in the past and they 're certainly not far right . 
  the uk press do n't refer to ukip as far right , not even sites that are considered to be reputable like the guardian and the bbc . 
  wikipedia does n't refer to ukip as far right like it does for fn . 
  just do n't see any evidence for it , i think ` far right ' is just being used as a pejorative for ukip in the same way ` fascist ' gets thrown around a lot . 
  sorry , but i honestly do n't see it . 
  just had a quick look over their [ 2015 manifesto ] ( http://www.ukip.org/ukip_manifesto_summary ) and nothing stands out to me as far right . 
  well , i guess we disagree . 
  i would n't consider ukip far right in the slightest . 
  maybe it 's just cultural differences .
