  they do n't call trump ` alt-right ' , they criticise him because he has the support of ` alt-right ' and white nationalist figures which he refuses to disavow . 
  they 're not considered far right here . 
  populist , sure , but the average brit would roll their eyes if you said ukip were far right to them . 
  not even wiki refers to ukip as far right . 
  they 're still polling above 10 % so they can have a reason for existing as a pressure group , they just need to decide among themselves what their new main objective is . 
   true , the pony played its one trick maybe , but what 's surprising to me is they 're still polling above 10 % , you 'd think their support would have died down after the referendum . 
  it 'll be interesting to see what kind of pressure group they 'll turn into now they 've achieved their main goal , assuming may actually takes us out of the eu . 
  misspend $ 500,615 , some of which was used to help them win the eu referendum , and they only have to pay back $ 172,000 . 
  looks like ukip got a good deal . 
  after 30 years we 'll be an islamic country . 
  the comment i was responding to said `` in europe . '', 
  i would n't say so , before trump , before ukip , when i thought of liberal i 've always thought of the far left rather than the classical liberal , i presume most people do too . 
  sadly classical liberals are rare these days , it 's more about protecting people 's feelings rather than civil liberties with people who call themselves liberal . 
  if liberal meant what it meant years ago , i 'd proudly call myself a liberal , but it does n't . 
  definitions change , liberal is becoming more and more associated with the lunatic left , including here in europe like it or not . 
  she or her party ? 
  you have to be a pretty sick person to wish people dead just because you disagree with them , so i hope you meant her party . 
  no , it does n't . 
  ** temporary ** entry and stay for business purposes is not the same thing as freedom of movement . 
  and it says right there in your quote :  who otherwise complies with the party 's immigration measures applicable to temporary entry it does n't give every single eu citizen the right to live and work in canada and vice versa . 
  looks like you are the one with misconceptions , mate . 
  the keyword there being `` services '' , you do n't need to be in the single market for a free trade agreement in goods . 
  canada has a free trade agreement with the eu yet they 're not in the single market , israel has a free trade agreement with the eu yet they 're not in the single market . 
  it is blatantly obvious you do n't need to be in the single market for a free trade agreement . 
   and the eu already made it clear that there can not be any free trade without freedom of movement . 
  no they have n't . 
  single market membership and a fta are not the same thing . 
  you can have a free trade agreement without being in the single market . 
   britain may have to wait - and hope - for every single one of its european union neighbors to give full legislative consent before it can fully benefit from any post-brexit free trade deal , eu judges ruled on tuesday . 
  that 's only true if the uk decides to seek agreements in areas involving non-direct foreign investment and the investor-state dispute resolution mechanisms , as it says in the telegraph article . 
  it would be good for the uk to focus on areas within the eu 's competence so it does n't require every single member state to agree to the deal , it would just need a majority of members to agree instead . 
   areas covered by eu competence include all goods and services , `` including all transport services '' , as well as intellectual property rights , competition policy , labour and environmental standards and and the rules relating to exchange of information . 
   legal and trade experts said the ruling had potentially massive implication for brexit if the uk formulated its own fta to avoid investment provisions and investor-state dispute mechanisms , relying on alternative arrangements such as bilateral investment treaties and wto-style dispute resolution panels . 
  so , sorry , mate , like it or not , this ruling is good for the uk . 
  correct . 
  you still have n't named a single person who said being able to control immigration was n't a factor for leaving . 
  eea does n't solve the issue of eu law being applied within the uk nor does it solve the issue of not being able to control immigration from the eu , which despite what you claim , has always been a major factor for people voting to leave , those are the issues people mean when they say sovereignty . 
  so , who 's ever said it 's not about being able to control immigration ? 
  it it about sovereignty which includes being able to set our own immigration policy in regards to eu citizens . 
  other examples of sovereignty would be eu law not automatically being applied within the uk without parliament debating it beforehand , and our seat back at the wto . 
  we do n't have meaningful control of eu immigration at all , we ca n't put limits on the level of immigration from the eu , we ca n't change the system to a points-based system or some kind of visa system , even criminal convictions alone are n't a valid reason to deny someone from the eu entry , they have to present a serious threat to the uk and the uk has to be able to prove it in court . 
  that 's not meaningful control . 
  nobody notable on the leave side wants all immigrants gone , all they want is to be able to have meaningful control of immigration in regards to the eu . 
  big difference , mate , and you know it . 
  who 's ever said it 's not about being able to control immigration ? 
  i 've never heard anyone on the leave side say that . 
  i voted leave and not being able to have meaningful control of immigration from the eu has always been a factor for me wanting to leave . 
  farage endorsed leave.eu as well as the official vote leave campaign , he has nothing to do with running it . 
  leave.eu 's twitter account is n't run by farage . 
  regardless , it was just a harmless shitpost . 
  you need to learn not to take things seriously , mate . 
  well , if you ask the european commission 's own lawyers or the pro-eu house of lords , they will tell you it 's not legally binding at all and all treaties along with their obligations , under the terms of article 50 , cease to apply . 
   its like having taking out a mortgage and then telling your bank you will be moving out because you no longer like the house and you will only continue to serve the mortgage if they lend you money for a new house . 
  it 's not like that at all , you are legally obliged to pay your mortgage , you are not legally obliged to meet the obligations of treaties that cease to apply on exit . 
   this has nothing to do with blackmail that 's your opinion , mine is that it is clearly blackmail . 
   they merely want to negotiate the exit relationship before the future relationship . 
  however you want to word it , they want the uk to commit to paying a brexit bill it 's not legally required to do before negotiations on a trade deal even begin , in other words , blackmail . 
  there 's no reason why the eu and the uk ca n't discuss what the uk should pay ( out of goodwill ) as part of wider negotiations . 
  sure , for certain things the uk would probably be willing to pay out of goodwill for something in return as part of negotiations ( nowhere near 60bn let alone 100bn ) , the problem is , the eu is unwilling to allow it to be a part of negotiations and are demanding payment before negotiations even begin as if it was a legal requirement for us to pay the bill . 
   uk can not accept wto rules . 
  sure we can , and we will . 
  theresa has repeatedly said no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  what obligations ? 
  there are no legal obligations once we leave the eu . 
  the obligations come from the treaties and under the terms of article 50 , all treaties cease to apply once we leave . 
  what eu officials are saying is , give us money you are not legally required to pay or we wo n't even begin trade negotiations , in other words blackmail . 
  from the ft article . 
   following direct requests from several member states , eu negotiators have revised their initial calculations to maximise the liabilities britain is asked to cover , including post-brexit farm payments and eu administration fees in 2019 and 2020 . 
  it was a figure pulled out of their arse , mate . 
  he only ever visited the us for a few days at a time . 
  he was constantly flying back and forth to make it back in time for his lbc show . 
  i do n't know why people think he had fucked off to america . 
  and why does it being a snap election make it okay for the eu to try and influence with a silly demand for 100bn and leaks ? 
  the leaks and demand for 100bn is the eu 's doing . 
  surely , not even the most adamant remain voter can defend the 100bn . 
  she 's not in a tight spot , her party has a clear lead in all polls . 
  she 's just coming out and rightly criticising the eu for the leaks and demand for 100bn . 
  nowhere near a million or two jobs will relocate due to brexit . 
  you 're asking me about something i do n't think will happen , hypotheticals are daft . 
   the key word you conveniently left out is `` average '' it says average right there in my post , mate , i did n't leave anything out , but yes , some will be higher , some will be lower , the good thing about averages is it gives you an overall picture . 
  the ones that are higher are the premium products like cars . 
  most people wo n't waste money on a brand new car so that 's not going to have much of an effect on people 's lives . 
  the important tariffs like food are the low tariffs . 
   a bold claim , backed up by nothing . 
  it 's right there in my quote , potential 12.9 billion in uk tariffs vs a potential 5.2 billion in eu tariffs . 
  of course wto rules means tariffs . 
   [ in total the eu faces a potential of having to deal with the cost of # 12.9 billion in uk tariffs , an average levy of 5.8 % , and uk exporters face eu tariffs of # 5.2 billion , an average of 4.5 % . 
  ] ( http://www.civitas.org.uk/reports_articles/potential-post-brexit-tariff-costs-for-eu-uk-trade/ ) an average of 4.5 % is not hefty at all , and the uk gains more from tariffs than the eu , and no , i doubt the average person will not notice a difference in their day to day lives . 
  i would n't say so , the average person would n't notice a difference in their day to day lives . 
  personally , i think trading under wto rules with the eu would be a price worth paying for brexit . 
  wto rules are n't catastrophic or apocalyptic for anyone . 
  it 's like when that football coach got attacked , mixed reports went out but we all know what the real motive behind it was . 
  nope , sky sources are now saying it 's most likely a terrorist attack . 
  before that , they say :  islamist militancy is a major issue in the polls after mass attacks claimed by so-called islamic state . 
  why would they even mention that though ? 
  i suspect the bbc know something we do n't . 
  sad . 
  bbc are hinting at islamic fundamentalism saying it 's [ `` a major issue ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-39662315 ) '' in the presidential election . 
  le pen is mightier than the sword . 
  a lot of remainers are democrats and respect the referendum result , a lot of them will vote tory .
