  sadly yes . 
  today we watch porn and not a preach . 
  the decay of morality will result in a major collapse of society ( like romans = he will not learn from history , is condemned to repeat it ) . 
  i can show you a newspaper that says 80 % , other 0 % , other 110 % . 
  it 's internet . 
  not everything is true . 
  20-30 % in the christian usa ? 
  the `` in god we trust '' country , `` one nation under god '' country , `` manifest destiny '' country ? 
  in a 90 % christian country it 's kinda `` nasol '' . 
  we are glorious latin !, 
  same in romania . 
  the media goes boom !, 
  yea , those sh * t heads just passed a law that lower the penalty for wood cutting like ten times . 
  basdards !, 
  we can inspire each other . 
  for instance , bulgaria have better beaches . 
  and cost are lower too . 
  i did n't get offended . 
   you can ask anything . 
  it 's interesting to find new stuff about another country . 
  i was just saying that making such demands means to intervene in the domestic affairs of a country . 
  eu tries to promote democracy . 
  let 's do n't go that far . 
  we are not a colony . 
  the real change here in romania was brought by our fellow romanians that worked and still work in westen eu and saw a different way of thinking . 
  their stories enlight us in start rebuilding romania . 
  do n't you have to steal some palestinian land or something , what are you doing here ? 
  kinda , that mcv had a contribution . 
  the government with negative results in the terms of mcv is santionated by public opinia . 
  bad mcv is perceived as a big shame by all romanians . 
  then media goes boom !, 
  bulgaria have a lot of good people . 
  they just need to be discovered and send direct on top to do good . 
  no no no . 
  he is right . 
  we do n't have mafia anymore , dna is doing a great job here . 
  ( bravo laura ) . 
  and mafia run away in other countries . 
  sadly , he is right . 
  but everything its changing in good . 
  all it was needed was to show that the are people who can do better ( ciolo\u0219 ) now the next politicians try to compete with him . 
  that 's how you change a country . 
  i do n't thing any of us did . 
  we are proud of our roman heritage !, 
  that 's what most people search on internet there . 
  what people are looking for on internet . 
  here weather is a bless !, 
   we complain very little . 
  help ~ romania - latin island in the slavic cea . 
  ca n't change a gypsy . 
  before the ww2 , when the population was doing `` shelter exercises '' , they were breaking homes and steal stuff . 
  it 's in thei dna haha . 
   well , we hope that the future holds a better place for everybody . 
  have a nice evening !, 
  west treat us like second hand humans , media is trying hard to make us murderers , rapers , stealers , beggars etc , and this is bad . 
  we benefit from eu yes , jobs and funds , but the eu is taking all back . 
  it 's a free market after all , this includes free capital movement and the biggest companies are n't ours . 
  now , all we want is to be respected as any citizen of eu , which isnt happening and every romanian coming back from foreign countries is sharing the same thought : nobody treats us like humans back there . 
  that leads to disappointment , anger . 
  and you guys are all the same , doing the same thing . 
  find arguments like you did : you are the last , you are poor , you are , you did to justify you 're action . 
  that 's how we see it from here . 
  if swiss ban imigrants from eu it 's ok , if romania ban all the products of swiss for the same reasons ... 
  mr , i ca n't call them otherwise if that 's the truth . 
  what i am supposed to say ? 
  a lie ? 
  they do n't want to integrate in any kind of social form . 
  they are gypsy . 
  what is with this victimize attitude everywhere nowadays . 
  i ca n't have an opinion cuz someone will be offended . 
  well , pardon me if the truth offend you mr. 
  but that 's that . 
  you can call it whatever you want but the gypsy will continue to be implicated in crime anyway regardless of your `` offended thoughts '' . 
  now you are talking like you are in the eu . 
  from my point of view , you guys should n't be allowed to benefit anything from eu if you are not joining it formal . 
  first . 
  gypsy have romanian citizenship . 
  so how is this xenophobic ? 
  brilliant thinking . 
   second solution to dont appear xenophobic : limit the number of immigrants all the same . 
  not just me because i am a romanian it means that u can ban me , and if i was born 20 km more to the left and have hungarian citizenship would be ok . 
  first . 
  you are xenophobic because you use the nationality criteria . 
  second . 
  please do not start about crime because those are related almost all the time to our former slaves the gypsy . 
  they are a pain in the ass here too . 
  not saying that is bad , but here never happend before . 
  so its odd . 
  that 's all . 
  aaaa ... it 's that normal in luxemburg ? 
  transilvania is romanian land confirmed . 
  take that hungary !, 
  then apply `` balance '' migration policy to all the europeans , not just two countries , if you do n't want to look xenophobe . 
  i said that you guys do n't have anything to do with european values of free market . 
  mul\u021bumim ciolos !, 
  not disputed . 
  it 's romanian land . 
  done . 
  damn , i thought we were the only ones . 
  we call those days : before trianon .
