  democracy is about choices . 
  and the path a country choice to go ; edit : and downvotes , as usual kids cant understand the concept of democracy . 
  what bunch of losers ... 
  man , i do n't know what you are drinking but you should stop . 
  edit : those who can not understand how to put their thoughts on ice should not enter into the heat of debate . 
  - f.n. 
  well i know your type . 
  freedom values when it comes to homosexuality , but ban islamic veils . 
  ( intolerance to religion , especial christianity ) . 
  talk about love and peace . 
  hate and ironical when see a different opinion . 
  this is new-marxism . 
  but today we call it `` liberalism '' . 
  true liberalism is when you fight for true liberty . 
  liberty of choice , liberty to decide . 
  not creepy propaganda to enforce new ideas in eastern populations , destroying the free speech and attaking the ones with other values calling them haters , homofobic , xenofobic even if they are not . 
  seen this before ' 89 , but this time it has another face . 
  a more pleasant appearance . 
  i know for what i am fighting for . 
  how about you ? 
  edit : still did n't answer my question . 
  keep thinking why is so hard for you ? 
  somebody has conservative values . 
  it bothers you , do n't ya ? 
  you like the idea of existing a single party , do n't ya ? 
  freedom of speech is a problem , am i right ? 
  you think that everybody should think like you , no ? 
  joke of the year . 
  somebody give this man a medal !, 
  sush ... in 2017 you cant have an different opinion . 
  french is getting around with romania . 
  you guys must be proud . 
  i am sick with this neo-marxist `` liberal '' doctrine . 
  you ca n't have your opinion . 
  you must have only their opinion . 
  freedom and tolerance . 
  nice . 
  we all know what is what here . 
  true fact : the owner of that private property is in fact from a hungarian minority that dislikes the idea of having romanian citizenship . 
  ( sadly we ca n't take it back from him ) . 
  so because he ca n't hang this favorite flag ( guess what 's the flag ) he hanged the eu flag in some sort of protest against the romanian authority ; sadly there are hungarians [ that go much further . 
  ] ( http://www.balkaneu.com/bomb-attack-hungarian-extremists-foiled-romanias-national-day/ ), 
  who mandated you to represent our interests ? 
  wtf ? 
  as i said . 
  we build facts on imaginary things . 
  nobody said anything about death . 
  shame on you !, 
  it is a little hungarian rebel than thinks if he denigrate our country will make covasna and harghita little close to hungary . 
  edit : you can down vote all you want the truth has been spoken . 
  la m\u0103sa !, 
  sure , this is how we build facts now , if he has a different opinion than this guy is bad !, 
  welcome to 2017 !, 
  clear logic way of thinking . 
  upvoted . 
  yeap , me too . 
  we meet again . 
  we will gib you hungary . 
  there , you can take it all . 
  they take 10x times back with kaufland , lidl , banks and other companies . 
  no no no no no no no no no ... . . 
  god no !, 
  love and dedication . 
  plus the designer . 
  two in total . 
  i was joking man . 
  do n't be that serious . 
  life is too shortfor that . 
  eh , you must see how i react when someone calls us gypsy . 
  italy did n't had a [ bright past either ] ( https://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/fiat_multipla#/media/file:fiat_multipla_front_20080825.jpg ), 
   nope . 
  the president has very , very limited powers in romania . 
  the president is the head of state and with the government they form the executive branch . 
  we are a semi-presidential system ( we elect him but it isnt the head of gouverment - bad memories witha guy ceau\u0219escu ) ; so yea , he have enough powers , not like usa with the presidential system ( were he is the head of gouverment ) but not as weak as germany with parliamentary system ( where the president is named by parlament ) !, 
  ; edit : acording to [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-presidential_system ) we have the same system like france !, 
  as usual , our love for france is proved once again . 
  driving a logan ; quite good . 
  very simple . 
  i am very pleased for a new car at this price . 
  i bought the newest version for 10.000 e and even if it does n't have a lot of power it did well even on long road . 
  smooth drive ... 
  it is quite the opposite . 
  dacia is made by dacia mioveni in romania . 
  but in other parts of the world where renault is more common , they sale the cars with that brand 's name . 
  they are n't made by renault . 
  they are made by dacia with hq in arge\u0219 . 
  the materials are not `` cheap '' , the price is low because it does n't include any options . 
  if you want a full option dacia duster car you need t pay at least 19.000 euro, 
   it is hard to find a suv here for less than 18-20k uk ? 
  i know that they also have big taxes when it comes to cars . 
   with cheaper materials gypsies steal all the good materials . 
  not our fault . 
   at a great price 9.000 euro is a great price for a suv ? 
  dog-eating person cuz is that poor asks : why is romania poor ? 
  do n't care about any movie . 
  end of story . 
  have a nice day ; edit : now i get it , it was a movie reference , my bad . 
  i did n't watch that movie and sure it is that i do n't care . 
  it was an insult and it was meant to be that way . 
  ca n't deny that .
