  the us spends so much on its military for reasons unrelated to the defense of europe . 
  it is mostly lobbying of its weapon manufacturers . 
  for a reasonable defense of europe much less money would be needed than we actually spend and by that i mean both europe and the us . 
  essentially we only would need to outperform or potential rivals in or military capabilities and for that an arbitrary spending goal of 2 % of gdp is not required at all in our current situation on the other hand under different circumstances 2 % might be to low . 
  for example if russia , china and turkey would enter in an aggressive military alliance . 
  it is however true , that how nato is structured it relies on us leadership . 
  there was ( and is to a degree ) considerable distrust among european powers and america as an outside force and guarantor of nato 's effectiveness was essential in keeping europe safe and secure since nato 's foundation . 
  for america this comes with considerable influence over europe , when at the same time it has lead to a certain atrophy of european countries military capabilities . 
  as a whole european spending would be more than enough , but individual countries would n't be able to properly react to a considerable military threat because of ineffective organisation , but even with the us cutting their military spending in half , europe 's security would n't be in jeopardy at all even in its disorganized state . 
   for all her life where she could , she has been a politician . 
  in east germany you could become part of the ruling class by going into politics , joining the state party ( sed ) and getting some political position . 
  come on you have embarrassed yourself enough , everyone can see , that your talking points - lifelong politician , no experience how it is to really work etc - make no sense with regards to merkel . 
  so what , you just did n't know until you googled her biography just now , nobody is perfect ... 
   if dover had been captured by a foreign power at the turn of the 18th century and formally ceded to them by the british crown thereafter , we 'd be able to draw parallels . 
  the ` what-if ' scenario you present is bizarre . 
  my argument was addressing the population size , while you are now addressing the long duration of the dispute and details of the legal manifestation of the british claim . 
  i rejected your suggestion , that the local population should vote and you are not arguing against the point i made , but you bring up additional points . 
   if british retirees along spain 's balearic coast held a referendum and voted for their land to become a british overseas territory , neither the british or spanish governments would recognise the outcome , do n't you agree ? 
  i agree . 
   imperial power ? 
  what nonsense !, 
  you are not putting forward an argument here , so i will just explain why i used the term ` imperial ' the interest spain has in gibraltar is physical proximity to spain 's territory and the way its presents interacts with spain 's coastal waters etc. 
  british interest was historically to control access to to mediterranean and to project military power far away from the british coast . 
  its not that there is a village on the spanish portuguese border and both countries mutually agree , that the population of said village should vote if they want to become spanish or portuguese . 
  its a military outpost , where civil infrastructure has developed around a fortress outside of britain 's actual territory . 
  holding a vote under these circumstances is basically posturing as if it was a matter of the right of nations to self-determination and not a territorial dispute between spain and britain and posturing for legitimacy like this is very much akin to how colonial powers set up their claims around the world ( like making a contract with natives in the new world as if they had a right to disagree ) . 
  this behavior is very inappropriate in a dispute between equal countries . 
   we and spain are operating on the same level . 
  i suggest you scan the moroccan coast for ceuta and melilla . 
  does spain argue that the population in these territories should vote to which country they should belong ? 
  if 32,000 people count as a people in the sense that they can have a referendum to decide to which country they belong than we would have big problems almost everywhere in europe and i think it is pretty clear that the british government is only in favor of something like that if its british territory in strategic important places . 
  i would really doubt that the british would apply the same logic if 30,000 russians would buy property in dover hold a referendum and declare their independence . 
  british rule over that territory was never really accepted by spain and the spanish claims are not outlandish or extreme and i think it would be best for britain to accept that they have to deal with other countries on an equal level and not as an imperial power . 
   i mean , we do n't know what exactly things like `` rather yes '' mean . 
  especially since it seems they did n't allow for a ' i do n't know ' option, 
  well , the question is put in context of the current debate and uses the terms disinformation campaign and ` fake news ' . 
  asking for a special ministry alone for this on the other hand is something that was never even discussed and is completely nonsensical . 
  so by combining two terms that are clearly negative with a outlandish solution they got their headline out of people who have understood that disinformation campaigns are a problem but do n't quite have the grasp on the workings of the government . 
  both media companies and pollsters rely on having interesting stories to tell . 
  this is poll is like a tabloid , that does n't outright lie , but does not care to inform its audience either . 
  the full question is : at the moment , there is a debate about ` fake news ' and disinformation campaigns . 
  in your opinion is a federal ministry needed , that distinguished true from untrue news ? 
  the english name for the animal does n't drop the 's ' in the singular form . 
  ` one auerochs , two auerochs ' , sometimes ` two auerochsen ' but never ` one aueroch ' . 
  the eternity clause only applies to article one and twenty , not one to twenty :  article 79  [ amendment of the basic law ]   ( 3 ) amendments to this basic law affecting the division of the federation into l\u00e4nder , their participation on principle in the legislative process , or the principles laid down in articles 1 ** and ** 20 shall be inadmissible . 
  but petry needs an absolute majority even hitler did n't get one in an election , well adenauer got it i guess . 
  what about guttenberg joining the afd or maybe dieter bohlen as the secret * trump * card , he could make germany great again . 
  both options should be added to the betting sites in my opinion . 
   but the chances of him returning for this election and actually getting elected are legitimately zero . 
  they would be lower than zero if that was possible . 
  guttenberg being elected is more likely than bismarck being resurrected , but is it more likely than petry as chancellor ? 
   i think they just mean a parliamentary majority that can elect said person chancellor . 
  i would n't bet on them having actually thought about it and it seems a bit like a lawyers nightmare with actual money involved . 
  it is quite possible that angela merkel get 's elected with the cdu/csu having most seats , but the cdu alone only in second place again , for example . 
  guttenberg actually ruled out that he would return to german politics when he was asked in 2015 and as a csu guy , what does ` most seats ' even mean ? 
  i know nothing about these betting sites and i am not interested in these type of things , but predicting that afd will win or even be part of any government in germany is not like betting last year that trump will be president , it is more like betting on jill stein . 
  so i just looked an that link you provided and it does n't even make sense for germany :  german federal election - most seats friday 1st september 2017 , 00:00 german federal election hide singles only . 
  applies to the next german federal election and to the first government ( federal ministers ) formed following the election . 
  others on request . 
    [ names of politicians ] frauke petry can only win a single seat , so do they mean clicking frauke petry mean most seats for afd ( this is more likely than afd in government by the way ) , but why are there three candidates from the spd then ? 
  additionally , it is not required to win a single seat to have a federal minister since membership of the federal diet is not a requirement for a minister or even the chancellor , vice versa ` most seats ' does not mean being in government either . 
  so yeah , those people have no clue what they are doing . 
  these kind of numbers are always a bit questionable , since they do n't really give us the sample size . 
  maybe they have only very little traffic from italy and one guy is very enthusiastic about his foot fetish . 
  the point that is missing in the headline is that a historic high percentage of people now say that they do n't know for which party they will vote . 
  here you have the raw gms numbers : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/gms/stimmung.htm and here the numbers before 2005 : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/gms/stimmung-2005.htm so in current polls around 40 % say that they do n't know or that they wo n't vote up from 20 % non-voters in the 2002 election . 
  last election we had 28,5 % non-voters . 
  this is overlooked oftentimes when discussing the poll numbers . 
  the reason for these numbers is pretty clear , since the wasg broke away from the spd to form die linke , the spd has lost any perspective to form a left-wing government and merkel seems inevitable . 
  this keeps the predicted turnout for the spd low and makes merkel seem even more certain , but on the other hand , a strong candidate who seems open to a left-wing coalition could have a lot of potential to grow . 
  these numbers also put the afd numbers into perspective . 
  the afd outright declines to consider a coalition with the cdu ( and vice versa ) , under these conditions it seems very unlikely that they can mobilize additional voters . 
  protest voters should already be on board and people who actually hope for political change can not win with the afd , since a strong afd that declines to work with the cdu ( and vice versa ) just makes a grand coalition more likely . 
  a strong candidate on the left on the other hand might spook afd voters in the arms of the cdu , if the threat of a red-red-green government seems real enough . 
  so yeah , nobody nows who the spd will have as a candidate , a lot of people are undecided or not motivated to vote , so the various one or two percentage points that change from poll to poll , actually do n't mean anything at this point . 
  the press needs to fill their papers , websites and airtime though ... 
  hm , so something like this ? 
  in my opinion r2g was only going to happen if merkel had decided to not run again and if the fdp where to fall below 5 % again . 
  i think that any replacement for merkel would probably pander to the right wing to get afd voters polarizing the political spectrum making the left more likely to work together and risking the center at the same time . 
  with merkel sitting firmly in the center and a six party parliament a left wing coalition seems extremely unlikely . 
  i agree , that open borders are related to freedom and security . 
  every freedom that you people have in a society can also be used by criminals . 
  being free from unreasonable searches by the police protects my privacy but also the privacy of terrorists . 
  there are a lot of people but very few terrorist . 
  i would choose privacy over a minuscule improvement in security every time . 
  traveling between germany and italy can be done much more casually today than in the past where you had to cross two borders . 
  obviously a terrorist can do so , too . 
  traveling from berlin to dortmund by car required to cross two borders when i was a child . 
  it would have been very difficult for a terrorist to do so . 
  i would choose borderless freedom of movement with the rest of germany and the eu every time over a minuscule improvement of security . 
  i think people need to keep in mind that the state is not omnipotent and people are able to harm each other . 
  basically everybody could kill a few people with a car or by other means but almost no one does . 
  terrorism is designed to be shocking because the terrorist do n't have the means or the manpower to seriously be a threat to a stable country . 
  there might be some things to improve , but security in europe is mostly fine as it is , even though it is impossible to prevent every act of terror . 
  the fact that he moved from west-berlin to east-berlin to brandenburg to the rest of the federal republic means that not only we need the berlin wall and the inner german border back , but we should also de-unify germany as a whole i mean a terrorist could just freely move from hesse to bavaria with no border . 
  a security nightmare . 
  more security could even achieved by having franconia separate from bavaria , its a travesty that a terrorist could freely move from nuremberg to munich . 
  we should go to holy roman empire level of separation . 
  with a few hundred of principalities that was the safest time ever , we would be a few hundred times more save . 
  for farage i would suggest to re-erect hadrian 's wall and dissolve the uk your basically begging for terrorism by allowing terrorist to move freely from london to glasgow and for england think of the children and bring back the heptarchy .
