  and you think ` the country ' means the eu ? 
  really ? 
  on top of that your numbers are leaving out people under the age of 16 who are male but under the age of 30 but not men but boys , and of course ` unhealthy ' males . 
  furthermore you you conflate the male/female ratio of germany with the overall numbers for the eu , while the german number includes quite a lot of european refugees , whatever that does to the ratio , i do n't know . 
  but those are all details and you only addressed - or tried to address - the point about ` numbers and gender ' , but not the ` context ' and ` let in ' aspect of / u/caffeinatedt 's criticism which are , in my view , more important to the point . 
  i wonder how different languages change the meaning of the question . 
  i think this question is a bit unfortunate for various reasons . 
  the term ` einwilligung ' is n't really used in the public discourse in germany in this context and i would guess , that a lot of people might only think about an explicit verbal act when they hear it . 
  the use of ` einvernehmlich ' or especially a sentence with ` unfreiwillig ' would lead to quite different results . 
  additionally , it does n't seem to be clear what is actually asked . 
  one interpretation could be , that some people believe in sex without consent in some situations , and the person who is taking the questionnaire has to answer if * those * people would think that of the mentioned situations . 
  i am curious if you think it is clearer in your respective languages . 
  hm , i do n't think that this is correct , under the old law it was also illegal if the victim was in a `` schutzlosen lage '' '' 1 . 
  april 1998 -- 10 . 
  november 2016 1 \u00a7 177 . 
  the german ` states ' are called land/l \u00e4nder in german . 
  the direct translation of it would be - country . 
  the use of the word ` state ' in english is because of legal similarities to american states , that does n't mean that they are less country-ish than the uk countries , arguably they are more like countries because they have more powers and ca n't be abolished by the central government . 
  the article says : speaking in berlin , mrs merkel said that making an `` exception '' for britain would `` endanger '' the principles of the eu . 
  `` were we to make an exception for the free movement of people with britain , this would mean we would endanger principles of the whole internal market in the european union , because everyone else will then want these exceptions , '' she said . 
  however , on the finer detail of defining the free movement of people , she added : `` i personally am of the view that we will have to discuss further with the [ european ] commission when this freedom of movement applies from . '', 
  `` the question of when lifelong guarantees come into effect according to the social standard of the host country must certainly be taken into consideration , '' mrs merkel said . 
  i ca n't transtate it now , but maybe someone else has the time right now . 
  115k , i thought the number was more like 175k ? 
  edit : ... and the american facilities in germany are to a large degree here as a logistics hub for the us and not for the protection of germany . 
  predicting afd in power in germany is not equivalent to predicting a trump victory , its more like predicting a jill stein or gary johnson presidency . 
  its not physical impossible like traveling faster than light is , but in that sense it is not impossible for me to become emperor of germany . 
  germany could install golden kuckoo clocks in all its tanks and ships and reach the 2 % target , or just randomly raise the pay of the soldiers to do the same . 
  the 2 % goal is completely arbitrary and non binding . 
  it is in place because weapon manufacturers like to sell stuff . 
  the defense budget of a country should be determined according to specific needs , that might be met with 1.4 % , 1 . 
  8 % or 3.5 % of gdp . 
  if you have a specific complaint about the military capabilities of a country , those should be named specifically not as an abstract bullshit figure like 2 % of gdp . 
  so does germany need 50 tanks more or an aircraft carrier or nukes and for what specific scenario ? 
  i do n't know if you ever heard of the concept but when some people speak they do n't mean everything they say ` literally ' . 
  somebody might say : ` this is the best thing i have ever eaten ! ', 
  but they actually only mean : ` this tastes really good ! ', 
  so the neighbor probably wanted to say : ` they are very well integrated ! ', 
  and he choose his word to stress that point . 
  it is strange , this non-literal language , but it does exist . 
  that is unfortunate since i thought your reply was very reasonable . 
  i have to admit that mentioning the american right was a bit polemic . 
  i was a bit irked by the low effort criticism if the political compass , not by you but in some other answers . 
  i had also written a few sentences qualifying the remarks and explaining the differences in the position , but deleted them obviously misjudging how that would come across . 
  what i wanted to say with the last point is that considering the use of the military by the green party is one point placing them north on the y-axis . 
  i am not certain if you are aware of the anarchist discourse regarding the military - and the souther extreme on the axis would be anarchism according to the definition of the site ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/analysis2 ) - but considering military action that is not for immediate self defense will certainly push you away from the anarchist extreme . 
  the stronger opposition of the left regarding military action can certainly been seen as an important factor for international comparison . 
  i do n't want to make this discussion about myself , but since you had the impression that i was dishonest i want to remark that i am not opposed to the use of military means to fight islamic state terrorist , but i also acknowledge that the lefts position here is more ` ideologically pure ' than the greens and indeed my own . 
   to put the cdu economically right of the fdp , to put the greens higher up on the authoritarian scale than the spd , and to present die linke as the most socially liberal party is definitely weird . 
  well , it is difficult to discuss all of this at the same time , but positioning the greens as more socially liberal than the left party is actually the point i am most critical of in the fes graph . 
  it shows for example ` marriage for all ' as a vector that pushes the greens and the spd in this direction , if we look at the position of the linke : ' ** [ ... ] wir fordern die \u00d6ffnung der ehe , um rechtliche gleichstellung f\u00fcr alle zu erm\u00f6glichen . 
  kapitel xii '' linker feminismus `` ) . 
  https://www.die-linke.de/wahlen/wahlprogramm/xiii-queer-gleichberechtigung-fuer-alle-lebensweisen/ so they are also for ` marriage for all ' but want to introduce additionally the possibility to have a status of ` related-by-choice ' which can include more than to people , while they want to reduce the privileges of marriage . 
  basically they want to give polyamorous and other relationships a legal status . 
  while both the greens and the left want to legalize marijuana , politicians of the left are more likely to support legalizing hard drugs . 
  there are several topics where the left wants to go further than the greens . 
  and then there is the question of military intervention :  `` deutschland muss initiativ werden bei den vereinten nationen . 
  let 's compare how this puts them internationally :  ** defense hawks in congress say it 's time for american boots on the ground against the islamic state in iraq and syria ( isis ) , ** following a wave of terrorist attacks in paris that killed more than 120 people . 
    ** `` i think we have to have a strategy and that entails american boots on the ground along with a coalition force , '' senate armed services committee chairman john mccain ( r-ariz . ) said monday on msnbc 's `` morning joe . 
  '' ** http://thehill.com/policy/defense/260255-mccain-graham-urge-american-boots-on-the-ground-against-isis, 
  they would limit the free market out of xenophobic reasons . 
  if the free market means , that foreigners come in , they would be against it . 
  when the spd was campaigning for a 8 $ minimum wage , they were campaigning for a ten 10 $ minimum wage , they do n't call for nationalizing the car industry and banning private ownership of land . 
  the site is old , it has been reported about in the new york times , the guardian , the bbc and various other international media , the design was never updated though . 
  the political spectrum of germany is represented in that way , because no parties want to nationalize the car industry and want to install workers councils to run them like in venezuela . 
  right wing in this diagram means in favor of free market , the very left position would mean communism . 
  placing the fdp to the right of the afd on free market issues can be explained to their opposition to free movement of foreign labor . 
  they have lengthy explanations about this on their page . 
  it is a very well known and widely reported on website , that produces these diagrams for over 15 years for several countries and therefore allows for a good comparison both internationally and over time . 
  the site based in the uk , while the friedrich-ebert-stiftung is aligned with the spd and conveniently places the party right were they want to be seen according to their own rhetoric . 
  thats why i would prefer the political compass . 
  i do n't know this seems more correct to me : https://www.politicalcompass.org/germany2017, 
   my actual question `` does merkel support immigration '' and i answered the question in the second half of my reply after ` if you want to know merkels position , [ ... ] ' . 
  the first have of the post is to add context . 
  let me answer your question then : since most of the people with migration background are from the eu and other european countries merkel did not have a significant influence on it at all . 
  the political decisions that let to the fact that is mentioned in the headline where granting freedom of movement to eu citizens and the fall of the iron curtain . 
  since the biggest non european group with migration background is originally from turkey you can add the guest workers program in the 60 to that list . 
  if you want to know merkels position , she supports freedom of movement inside the eu for eu citizen and wants to limit migration from non-eu countries to a point , where only high qualified specialist can come in , that need a job offer where the employer has to proof that he ca n't find a german or eu citizen for the job . 
  the official government position on refugees and asylum seekers is rejected asylum seekers should leave swiftly or be deported while legitimate refugees can stay temporary until it is save in their home country . 
  the government accept though that a bunch of the legitimate refugees will stay . 
  additionally merkel wants to limit legitimate refugees to germany by spreading them around fairly throughout the eu or stop them before they enter the eu by measures like the turkey deal . 
  well , you can not just make thinks a serious crime for the convenience of the state , if you could you could just declare jaywalking a serious crime . 
  the seriousness of a crime is determined by looking at severity of the infringement of a [ rechtsgut ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/rechtsgut#individualrechtsg.c3.bcter )  what a silly comparison   gitmo is a torture dungeon . 
  nobody here was talking about that . 
  the comparison is not silly since i did n't suggest a complete equivalence . 
  guantanamo is relevant , because it was legally impossible to hold people indefinitely without a trial in the us regardless of the torture , the torture is a separate matter . 
   then you put up garlands in his/her cell , prepare a cake with candles , install a music system and bring a tray with lemonade , cheese blocks and small sausages . 
    it will be a party not a punishment . 
  the underlying issue is that humans in germany have ` freedom of the person ' and constitutional rights can only be taken away in a proportional manner to a crime . 
  if you want to change that it it would be also applicable to you . 
  there is a reason why guantanamo is not on us soil . 
  https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_2.html  they ca n't , since your embassy can issue a new ( temporary ) document . 
  this was an example and it is not helpful to the discussion to leave the level of the example to the level of practicality . 
  broader speaking if we abandon the principal of proportionality a law could be made that punishes jaywalking with life in prison , if we abandon the principle of equality before the law a law could be made with different punishments depending on the hair color and if we change the definition of imprisonment as taking away a basic right , false imprisonment would stop being a serious crime . 
  so if someone locks you in his cellar and you later complain to it to a judge , do you want the judge to say : ` but the room was nice ? 
  well than that was not imprisonment ', 
   sicherheitsverwahrung sicherheitsverwahrung is only applicable after a serious crime if you want the state to have the authority to lock people up without a serious crime you should consider that this would also be applicable to you . 
  there is a reason why guantanamo is outside the territory of the us . 
  if the state has proper proof of someone planing a terrorist act , it is no problem to put them in jail , already . 
  what is possible is [ abschiebehaft ] ( https://dejure.org/gesetze/aufenthg/62.html ) , but it also requires a proper reason and a specific set of circumstances .
