  a solution like that was ruled unconstitutional because detention is viewed as a punishment and a punishment must be proportional to the crime . 
  detaining people for an extended period for not having proper documentation is not proportional , or the state could in fact arrest you indefinitely if you are a tourist and lose your passport . 
  not owning a passport or equivalent documentation is punishable with a fine , not imprisonment . 
  so should we get rid of the principle that a punishment needs to be proportional to the crime , or redefine imprisonment as not a punishment , or the principle that all humans have to be treated equal before the law ? 
  no , we just have to accept that the state is not all powerful . 
   constitutional court also under scrutiny   germany 's highest court , the constitutional court , is also vulnerable to public criticism . 
  judges for this court are chosen by a closed-door panel of 12 parliamentarians . 
    ** it is a method that has long been under fire , including by the current president of the court , andreas vo\u00dfkuhle . 
  `` a not insignificant amount of study has shown that this method can quite rightly be described as unconstitutional , '' he wrote in an opinion piece . 
  **   norbert lammert ( cdu ) , a lawyer and long-time president of the bundestag , criticized how little `` legitimacy '' judges have for gaining a seat on the country 's highest court , calling it `` astounding '' that the selection process has a lower bar than that for germany 's data privacy or armed forces commissioners . 
  but was n't that change just recently ? 
  now the panel only makes a proposal and the whole federal diet votes on it . 
  does anyone have the german quote of vo\u00dfkuhle on the matter and was the criticism made before or after the reform ? 
   i 'm impressed with how multicultural germany is . 
  i just found out that 38 % of germans under five are from a migrant background . 
  i wonder if you are aware of the fact that this number includes ethnic germans from the soviet union that came to germany after the fall of the iron curtain and that most ( 70 % ) of people under 5 with migration background are ethnically european . 
  according to wikipedia the number for all german women is 8,6 % . 
  this includes rape , sexual assault and attempted rape and sexual assault . 
  the article says the same number for the us lies between 15-25 % . 
  my guess is they just did n't bother to include countries if there was no significant influx of asylum seekers . 
  your post is a bit of a non sequitur . 
  the whole discussion is about setting a quota and just rejecting people who arrive after that number is reached . 
  while you are arguing with the merit of claims , introducing a quota means just not considering that at all . 
  further more , the german government knows that there are people entering the country , that do n't qualify for asylum , so they have officials check if they qualify and deport those who do n't . 
  it 's just that the state is not all powerful so these things do n't just happen magically at an instant but take time . 
  here an example what the government has to say about the topic :  [ ... ] in an interview with the sunday edition of bild newspaper , peter altmaier - the head of the chancellor 's office and the government 's coordinator on refugee affairs - says he expects unprecedented numbers of people to be deported from germany in the coming months . 
   [ ... ]  `` last year , 80,000 people whose applications for asylum were rejected returned to their countries of origin , '' altmaier said . 
  `` that was a record , and the numbers will continue to rise . 
  in 2016 , some 700,000 applications for asylum were made , and almost 300,000 were rejected . 
  we want to deport these people swiftly . 
  otherwise it hurts the credibility of our country and its laws . '', 
    [ ... ]  `` 2015 was the year of humanitarian help for people in desperate situations , '' altmaier said . 
  `` in 2016 we dramatically reduced the numbers of refugees and laid the groundwork for the integration of those to whom asylum was granted . 
  now the focus is on getting those who do n't have a right to protection to leave . '', 
  additionally , a law to have an upper limit is obviously unconstitutional and not only because the right to asylum is part of the german constitution . 
  an upper limit means , for 100k people we have a process to determine if you can stay or not but after that there is just no process at all . 
  but all state actions need to have a process , if not they are per definition arbitrary and that is illegal everywhere in europe , i hope . 
  in germany it 's \u00a7 20 under the name law-based-state and it can not be changed because it is protected under the eternity clause . 
  but even if it was n't i hope nobody here would actually want to give the state the ability to make decisions without a formal process , that would be plain madness . 
  so , if catalonia were to declare independence would they want to apply for eu membership and how does the plan for other organizations like the wto etc look like , with a referendum that is not accepted by spain ? 
  google told me 37 http://www.ecfr.eu/london/staff, 
  on another note , i wonder how the numbers would change if the anglo countries would introduce real foreign language education . 
  in some regards they , by not learning any foreign languages kind of change the equation in their direction . 
  if we change the curriculum of our schools english would stop to be the most widely known language in europe in time and before you say , why change it ? 
  why keep it ? 
  ` keeping it ' in context of teaching languages in school is also an active process , because each new generation has to acquire the language anew and the usefulness argument is also a self fulfilling prophecy . 
  if we change or policy that french becomes dominant in europe , french would become much more useful on a global scale , which would lead to more people learning french . 
  but we could also take spanish for example . 
  if we expand spanish teaching drastically inside the eu it could easily become the most important international language . 
  again , i do n't want to argue for any specific language , i just want to emphasize that english 's position in the world is not some strange thing that just happens naturally and the eu has enough weight in the world , to have a real influence in that regard . 
  okay , so that 's how it was for you , i had to take english . 
  i guess you would n't have a problem if only the countries that have mandatory english classes change those to mandatory french classes . 
  my guess would be that in 30 years french would also become much more popular in finland , and the freedom of finish kids would be unaffected . 
   freedom of choice i had to take english in school , is that different in your country ? 
  the scottish referendum was acceptable , because the london government gave their okay . 
  if the spanish government gave their okay it would be acceptable for catalonia to hold a referendum . 
  i think kosovo 's independence should only be accepted after serbia agrees to it in case of brexit the treatise grant the national governments the right to leave . 
  should minorities in russia have the ability to become independent unilaterally ? 
  i do n't have a strong opinion either way , i just dislike the attitude that english dominance in the cultural sphere is a law of nature and governments just have to react to it . 
  in germany it is an active decision by the state to start teaching english at a young age and if the state would stop english knowledge would recede and if we make esperanto a class you have to take from 6 to 16 thrice a week , then esperanto knowledge would increase dramatically . 
  if the eu would decide to make french classes mandatory from the beginning of school , in 20 years everybody thinking about joining the military would speak decent french and if we were to abolish english classes know despite american dominance in the cultural sphere , the quality of english knowledge among potential soldiers would go way down . 
  so it would be a policy decision either way . 
  we should not act as if english dominance in regards to language is a thing that just happens without context . 
  european government have the power to influence the education of their citizens . 
  why not french though ? 
  if you do n't care about the language issue , let 's just make french the language of the eu . 
   well , they may have been a relative minority in ukraine , but that 's why nobody suggested the entire country would join russia . 
  people in all of ukraine should have a vote on it because the rights of all of them would be affected . 
  before the secession every ukrainian could freely move to crimea , work there buy land etc , a local referendum removes these rights without asking the affected . 
  your memory is completely wrong . 
  well alternatively you may have fallen for propaganda , nobody invited refugees into europe , the statements that are selectively quoted and completely misconstrued as doing so did happen , when the refugees where already arriving in droves . 
  additionally , the frequency of new arrivals did not increase due to the statements . 
  non the less the situation was so thoroughly used for propaganda purposes , that a lot of people believe this nonsense even though it would be relatively simple to look up these things . 
  but you know , people do n't come to their opinions rational , they rationalize their opinions , that is just how it is . 
  the common market is more than free trade though and the uks economy relies heavily on providing services to the eu that are not covered by normal free trade agreements . 
  the goal of the common market is to remove all trade barriers and create a truly unified marked . 
  if by access to the market you mean access like a third country , than that is done fairly easy , if you mean access including services , that would mean that european companies can also provide services in the uk , which means freedom of movement . 
  or how would , lets say , a company of three experts that restore historic metalwork based in estonia provide its metalwork restoring services in scotland if the three workers can not go there to work ? 
  free movement is an integral part of the common market . 
  how would a german construction business , a swedish interior designer or a polish plumber offer their services in the uk if they can not go there or have their workers go there ? 
  free market also means free job market . 
  an open market without free movement works for the finance industry , because they just send numbers down a wire to a large degree and giant corporations that just can hire staff in every country . 
  it 's almost as if the various government were n't omnipotent and if an idea that every drunk in every pub can think of is n't done , it might be because reality is n't actually so convenient . 
  socialism ? 
  are you troll or an american , or both ? 
  the thing about ( arbitrary ) 2 % goal is , that the american government wanted its allies to increase spending , but with america essentially still being in charge . 
  that is not the same as countries increasing military capabilities while moving away from us influence . 
  germans official position on the migrant crisis is and was , that the migrant flow to europe should be reduced as much as possible , but european countries should n't just erect internal barriers inside of europe , because this might destabilize the balkan countries and greece . 
  basically , if hungary closes the borders to macedonia , macedonia closes the borders to greece and refugees will attempt other routes through the balkan until all borders are closed and the refugees have to stay in greece . 
  greece however can not just stop the flow from turkey , because turkey can and did just refuse to take refugees back . 
  that is the reason merkel negotiated the turkey deal . 
  german criticism of countries closing borders was always criticism of closing borders inside of europe , germans offer to take refugees in was always an offer to take refugees from small states inside of europe , until the flow from turkey was stopped , german demand to distribute refugees inside europe were always about refugees alredy in european countries ( and not even about countries taking refugees of germany ) . 
  additionally , the official german position always included , that while there are a lot legitimate refugees , people who are not legitimate refugees but economic migrants need to go and should be deported . 
  the english language media presented the story different . 
  the temporary offer to take refugees out of strained countries was presented as a general policy to let people in and when the turkey deal and deportations where reported on later , it was presented as a u turn , while the truth of the matter is just , that there was never a gerneral open door policy and almost all practical measures where designed to reduce the inflow of people to europe as a whole and to germany specifically . 
  what the german government did n't do , was engage in anti-refugee rhetoric , to score cheap points , like other countries did . 
  if germany had acted like the populist , like orban , a humanitarian crisis would have been unavoidable . 
  but i agree with you , that the whole english language press and the media in general did not present the facts , because the left wing media wanted to shame their domestic right wing counterparts : ` see , the germans take in all those people and you right wingers are so afraid of the small numbers we get ' this narrative on the left , obviously lead to a narrative on the right , where germany basically went nuts and invited the whole third world out of guilt , both narratives are wrong . 
  the latest [ emnid poll for the federal election ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/emnid.htm ) has the fdp at 6 percent . 
  if they get 4.9 percent instead and the spd or the greens or the left party get one point more , we have a spd/geen/left majority in parliament ( because of the 5 % threshold you fall out of parliament when you get less then 5 % ) additionally the recent rise in numbers for the spd has shown , that they have the potential to gain quite a bit , depending on campaigning and debating .
