i 'm brazilian ( and of portuguese ancestry ) . 
  it 's in the flair description , 
  8 or 80 is an expression i use even in english . 
  so much better than any other option available . 
  heheh , not bigoted nor uneducated enough i 'm afraid, 
  sorry , but nah . 
  i feel for young people like me who love the eu but as a country the united kingdom needs to be brought down to size . 
  it needs to be humiliated , pulled apart and reduced to a marginal world player . 
  and the bigoted and ignorant working class can fuck off too . 
  they hate migrants like me , they are thick as fuck and you can bet i hope they are the hardest hit . 
  flair checks out, 
  dutch brazil is looked on kindly by brazilian historians . 
  well , as kindly as colonisation can be . 
  it was apparently a good administration and maurice of nassau ( or something like this ) seemed to really care about the colony . 
  you will no longer be when we implement eurobonds . 
  haha not a brit, 
  let the 29th of march be known as european independence day . 
  the sun will rise on a new independent european union !, 
  let the 29th of march be known as european independence day . 
  the sun will rise on a new independent european union !, 
  1822 worst year of my life . 
  the pluricontinental lusophone empire will rise again . 
  only it 's our turn to give a go at ruling it . 
  that article gave me a throbbing hard-on . 
  what do you mean by electronic voting ? 
  brazilian elections are all based on a ` voting machine ' that 's deemed to be most secure in the world ( or so i 've heard ), 
  how could i not make it low-effort ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious but did n't want to steer discussion . 
  portuguese bureaucracy gets a bad rep but i did 3 nationality applications on my own ( grandma 's , mum 's and mine ) and everything was very straight-forward and quick . 
  the actual day-to-day stuff though can be pretty kafka-esque , to the point of hilarity . 
  would you mind explaining your story ? 
  why did they deny you russian citizenship and why do you have a georgian one now ? 
  have you lived in russia your whole life without being a citizen ? 
  does that mess up your sense of identity ? 
  why am i not surprised to see your post history ? 
  it takes power away from the commission . 
  err , why would you shake hands with a spaniard in the first place ? 
  no , they think it 's a vote that might trigger yet another election in one of the eurozone 's biggest economies . 
  in short , yes . 
  it does not pose an existential threat to the eu , though it is arguably concerning because of instability for the euro . 
  nothing that the eu has n't had to deal with before . 
  european countries literally invited migrants from poor countries . 
  at the time people apparently did n't care about future issues surrounding integration and it all could have been done in a far far better manner . 
  but it 's a bit rich to act so self entitled when europe quite literally begged people to come . 
  and , no , it was n't part of a mischievous plan by lizards to replace the ` natives ' . 
  it was , as most things in life , an economic decision . 
  it depends on what you mean by parallel societies , i think . 
  brazil and the us are horribly segregated but even those marginalised communities share in a mainstream culture + they do n't run counter to it in general . 
  i 've never heard of anyone raised in brazil who ` did n't feel brazilian ' . 
  it 's an alien concept . 
  in the 30s there were official policies targeted at forcefully assimilating migrants ( speaking foreign languages was forbidden , as was dual nationality for instance ) . 
  it was n't pretty and i do n't advocate the same policies today , but it worked . 
  there are several factors that helped the us and brazil forge a national identity and it 's not as simple as replicating them in europe . 
  but there are certainly lessons to learn . 
  i find the us a far more internally integrated place than europe . 
  yeah americans go a bit overboard and a bit in-your-face about their nationalism , but the ` everyone can be an american ' notion is good and effective . 
  same goes for brazil . 
  quite . 
  brazil and the us could write books on how to integrate millions upon millions of migrants . 
  it 's been done before , and at its core the policy involved no tolerance for parallel societies and subcultures . 
  there is one mainstream culture and you 'd better follow it or its regional variations . 
  nonsense . 
  ` third world immigration ' rebuilt europe . 
  can someone explain to me why have there been fundraising efforts for the victims ? 
  i know manchester evening news and the manchester teams raised significant amounts , but i genuinely do n't understand why ? 
  the victims wo n't pay anything for their treatment anyway and any work absence will be duly compensated . 
  i 've always heard good things about dutch brazil in school . 
  as good as things can be under the circumstances of course . 
  what a bizarre thing to say . 
  farage was n't on the ballot paper in june and brexit had the support of the most popular british newspapers as well as an influential wing of the conservative party . 
  the mere announcement that boris johnson was supporting brexit shook the financial market back in the day for instance . 
  farage had been campaigning for brexit for 20 years . 
  if it was all down to him then we would n't have waited this long . 
  well , maybe because i 'm not from europe . 
  whilst brazilian education is very eurocentric the specific rulers of central europe were n't its forte . 
  it was mostly western european history really . 
  last i read a norwegian paper was revealing new evidence/stories every week or so , but the newer articles were in norwegian . 
  any new info on this ? 
  it was surprising , rather , as i 'd never heard of her , and yet she was huge for large capital cities in 3 different countries . 
  remember my central europe trip ( budapest - vienna - prague ) . 
  it was fairly weird that in each city there was stuff about her , especially in the walking tours . 
  no , i mean , citizens of commonwealth countries like india and kenya could vote provided they lived in the u.k. . small point but there you go , somewhat interesting i find . 
  you could , actually . 
  uk residents from the commonwealth can vote in any national election or referendum . 
  an old politician ordering drugs under his name to parliament and paying via bitcoins . 
  sounds legit . 
  this is a bit of an underwhelming showing from le pen . 
  most polls would have her above 22 % and she was hitting mid-20s for most of this year . 
  we have to be happy with her getting 21.4 % . 
  i know , it 's sad she makes it to the second round at all but it was always going to happen . 
  it 'd be asking too much otherwise . 
  the only worry now is complacency . 
  i have absolutely no doubts that on a high turnout she gets an absolute pasting . 
  and if you ever wanted an argument for mandatory voting , this is it . 
  an 80-20 % split like in 2002 would humiliate her and send her and her supporters back under their rock . 
  the likely 60-40 % result will give her a sense of victory and help to propel her forward again . 
  as le pen moves closer to the 22 % and macron continues to gain ground towards 24 % , something interesting to think about is : in 2012 le pen got 17.9 % of votes in the first round after 4 years of financial crisis . 
  she has apparently gained 4 % since that last result after 2 years of the worst terrorist attacks france had seen for a while , and after the least popular french government since 1945 . 
  thus that she only managed to gain 4 % is quite poor for her . 
  she has literally had a perfect storm this year , even more so than in 2012 .
