  he looks like the bwekfast kid, 
  bishi, 
  i got into autechre and clark, 
  try checking bookdepository , they ship worldwide with free shipping, 
  mde, 
  i honestly think the series really picks up at part 4, 
  do n't worry , it 'll pick up after the current arc . 
  ceel, 
  i do n't see the resemblance, 
  most tumblr posts are this kind of quirky `` deep '' stuff, 
  it took me nearly three years but i finally caught up to the manga . 
  jojolion is fucking amazing so far, 
  if they do the crunchyroll promo thing again i hope they recommend jjba, 
  i believe this is in one of the artbooks as well, 
  the finnish titles are `` birth of the planet of the apes '' and `` revolution of the planet of the apes '', 
  i got the ps3 version , it 's not as smooth as the ps4 version but runs fine . 
  i beat the story mode with no problems . 
  how can friday be a squad goal ? 
  it 's not something you need to work for to obtain , it 's just a day that comes every week . 
  i 'm picturing some people anxiously waiting for like friday to come and then yell `` squad goals '', 
  i was about to say the same, 
  gushers sounds like a prolapse, 
  filthy squad wouldve worked much better, 
  the japanese logo is n't the correct one , dunno why that one keeps popping up on google, 
  no its pink guy, 
  ice cream, 
  back in ' 82 , i used to be able to throw a pigskin a quarter mile, 
  i doubt the episode will even get there, 
  the soundtrack and voice acting made up for the subpar art . 
  david production obliviously wants the blu-rays to sell . 
  why does the logo look like that, 
  their website went down a while ago too, 
  its called an ironic meme, 
  aerosmith is little and cute , just like narancia, 
  people who spell no one as noone, 
  honestly how many times will remy gifs be reposted, 
  his hand looks like a fish, 
  god i wish i had a hot sister, 
  do you have any source on it having the original names ? 
  isnt it just called cheating outside of hentai, 
  bookdepositoryssa maksais 60 $, 
  god i wish that were me, 
  i personally cant wait for the part 5 anime to hear ghiaccio shout howaito arubamu, 
  yeah , the european versions of both eoh and asb can only play online with other european versions, 
  fuck yes, 
  what ? 
  i dont recall the surface episode being bad, 
  the way the shirt is folded makes the japanese logo say \u30b8\u30e7\u30e7 instead of \u30b8\u30e7\u30b8\u30e7, 
  part 6 does n't mention anything about part 5 really but i wouldnt suggest skipping parts, 
  i think it sounds raw, 
  japan doesnt care about copyrights, 
  the voice acting and music were really good this episode . 
  i preferred green sha though . 
  thick, 
  when it was released i listened to it daily for like two months . 
  the radio songs arent released anywhere yet . 
  calm down , the movie is n't even out in most countries until september . 
  droste effect, 
  like purple haze but with poisonous rain, 
  yeah if you want used manga with yellow paper, 
  love how you listed `` no breasts '' as a negative, 
  i really like him tbh, 
  white album , grateful dead & beach boy , man in the mirror , kraftwerk , green day & oasis, 
  you mean `` di molto '', 
  oh yeah , nothing says aspergers like quantum physics, 
  http://proudyblood.nobody.jp/wryyyyyyy.html here 's a bunch, 
  i will never understand why someone thought koichi should have grey hair, 
  where did you watch it ? 
  it took me three years, 
  joseph 's engrish wasnt censored , no point censoring echoes, 
  does n't look very good . 
  i would n't know , i do n't understand japanese . 
  it 's 10 volumes . 
  i hope he 's wearing that shirt ironically, 
  just fyi this book is getting an english release, 
  wheres my lube, 
  i never understood why people would pay for fanart, 
  love how you post this just a day before the next episode, 
  i found the ` mission fucking accomplished ' panel in japanese , and echoes definitely is n't speaking english https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bsp_epbcyaimxqd.jpg, 
  i have a habit of trying to pronounce every track i listen to with a japanese accent, 
  i thought stone ocean 's scans looked kind of poor so i reaf the whole part in color, 
  the 2012 jojo exhibition b2-sized posters are available on amazon , ebay , mandarake etc. 
  they 're really pricy though , since they were exclusive to the exhibition https://www.amazon.com/hirohiko-araki-exhibition-poster-illustration/dp/b009rlemca, 
  ca n't think of any besides red dead redemption, 
  housunnapin avasin just, 
  when the voice was first previewed people though his voice was too deep, 
  something about the way deliquents speak, 
  never understood posts like these , just an excuse for a circlejerk, 
  they 're up on nyaa . 
  disc 1 is about the 2012 jojo exhibition and disc 2 is araki drawing . 
  but all the good japanese porn videos get deleted in no time . 
  my favorites list is a graveyard, 
  i want put le peepee in her poopoo, 
  but soda is just carbonated water, 
  i seriously remember nothing about this fight, 
  is it really uncensored when the names are censored ? 
  not that i have a problem with it . 
  if eoh or asb was on pc the models could be swapped i guess . . if only, 
  that 's a funny way of spelling pesci, 
  i recall playing the demo of the arcade game on xbox 360 when it was new , thought ` mahrahia ' was the weirdest name ever,
