  heavy weather and love train, 
  so quirky and le randomz, 
  why would sbr have more difficult animation ? 
  i kinda wan na see giorno wearing that, 
  they could just use still frames for more demanding shots, 
  cool , i have all those volumes too . 
  i wish it was n't hardcover though , i think paperbacks are easier to read . 
  3,5 / 5 - colors look great but koichi 's and jotaro 's faces look off, 
  its stuff like this that makes me glad i do n't have a sister, 
  is n't that just impact, 
  i never really bothered with those three albums . 
  still great news though, 
  yep , it 's ten volumes . 
  here 's a picture of the japanese ones http://i.ebayimg.com/images/i/172101595916-0-1/s-l1000.jpg, 
  i feel like i 'm the only one who has no problems with that artstyle, 
  i was expecting actual good names instead of just jokes, 
  it 's not really a bad post , the point is the sound it makes instead of flushimg a toilet, 
  kissmanga has all colored chapters that are out so far, 
  if they wan na cast pretty boys why not make a prt 5 movie instead, 
  so basically part 4 without the fights, 
  jeez i wish that was my peepee : ), 
  new artbook, 
  i hope okuyasu 's actor is gon na end up looking like a gyaru , with tanned skin and all, 
  hamon returns , but it 's called jam\u00f3n, 
  spoiler tag that , it did n't happen yet . 
  it sounds just okay and forgettable but im sure i 'll like it more and more after a few episodes, 
  yeah since iggy can have the realistic design anasui should have the female design, 
  i just think it 's funny considering it ran in shonen jump , which is aimed at young teens, 
  so which is the cringe ? 
  the image itself or the fact that imgur removed it ? 
  information used to be stored on paper , now it 's all on le interwebs, 
  terrible facebook comments, 
  anything 's a jojo reference if you look hard enough, 
  its basically the same as bold text . 
  the fuck is a reacks, 
  yeah several languages do n't even have the word ` please ', 
  he looks swedish, 
  good to see the noticeably better quality, 
  the name is pronounced like yuel yuhansson in swedish though, 
  i watched the asb gha compilation, 
  viz media posted a video on facebook saying the first stardust crusaders jojonium volume is available early at nycc, 
  well , each part has different directors and character designers iirc, 
  i guess it 's supposed to just feature stand users, 
  how much did you expect them to be ? 
  how was the translation bad ? 
  its funny because it says shit !, 
  well my first exposure to the series was the demo of the arcade game on xbox 360 so that didnt leave much room for imagination , just thought it was about people with special powers fighting, 
  what kind of a crop is that, 
  no it means jbe jsck, 
  does polnareff speak french in every other sentence like in the paperbacks ? 
  do not skip anything , read it all in order . 
  man i read the title as `` most costume change illusions explained in 60 seconds '' for some reason, 
  no matter how well you shoot a porn video , it 's ruined if the guy 's face is shown, 
  isnt that article just poking fun at the word ? 
  damn jsrf was my childhood . 
  dont see the resemblance though, 
  and during the part 4 story in asb , the subtitles say crazy diamond on one occasion, 
  do n't worry , native speakers make that mistake as well, 
  i mean the post is titled `` porn stars normal life '', 
  i do n't think the manga counts as merchandise ? 
  anyway , the english release is really nice , definitely worth the price . 
  but the reddit front page is full of sneaky advertisements, 
  weird faces aside this episode looked really good . 
  i wish act 3 's ` lets kill da ho ' sounded more menacing . 
  nothing says ` female handwriting ' like using a heart as the i 's dot, 
  oh man i sure would like to put my dick between her thighs, 
  sbr had good art but i liked part 6 more, 
  it was me le dio xdd, 
  `` meme-based '' ? 
  what the heck are you going on about, 
  none of the actors are british iirc, 
  maybe its a bad translation of sento choryu, 
  at least it 's not just an image of the cover art, 
  ah , i missed the ghibli circlejerk, 
  why the hell was jobin throwing fried chicken ? 
  if you liked vento aureo i 'm sure you 'll like the next parts as well, 
  but its funny because a hot girl posted it, 
  man i hope tenten gets an episode, 
  loving killer queen 's design this episode . 
  never knew toonami was that popular , damn . 
  anything not rpg or 2d fighting game tbh, 
  keep it sealed if you feel like it . 
  i 've been thinking of buying sealed copies of the ps2 games just for collectings sake, 
  eoh was confirmed to have no dlc : http://gematsu.com/2015/07/jojos-bizarre-adventure-eyes-heaven-wont-have-paid-dlc-microtransactions, 
  no new games have been announced . 
  i feel like since tumblr got popular i 've seen more and more good fanart pop up . 
  like i remember most naruto fanart was some traced stuff on deviantart, 
  shoulda drawn neji and tenten on a date, 
  what makes you think so ? 
  nobody even plays the game anymore in japan, 
  the saga comic has some bizarre stuff in it, 
  no , not really . 
  i would n't mind, 
  snickers and twix but no mars ? 
  what is this ? 
  because le polite british accent, 
  not anime enough, 
  part 4 designs are n't really masculine, 
  since you 're just starting the series , please try to avoid this subreddit , the wiki , or anything remotely even connected to the series ; there 's a ton of spoilers out there . 
  when i got into jojo i started browsing all the sites and ended up spoiling pretty much the entire plot .
