  since they were exclusive to that exhibition i assume they 're very rare . 
  japanese people generally take very good care of stuff like that, 
  le epic baby !!, 
  `` i would n't mind a slice ... of that ass '', 
  17 upvotes, 
  hi , i 'm cumming !, 
  it 's what monty would have wanted, 
  lidl sells that in finland . 
  bought it a few times . 
  real gross . 
  in case you 're wondering why gappy is there , araki is from sendai, 
  the wiki states hol horse 's name comes from full force , which makes sense since japanese language does n't distinguish between f and h, 
  does n't look like a japanese house, 
  i missed your shitposts , verne !, 
  yep, 
  go back to incels, 
  because araki wanted to call it harvest , simple as that, 
  i hate the cover but man do i want it, 
  hey , his pants have the same ` jojo ' pattern as jotaro 's part 6 jacket . 
  choi to demo ore ni kanau to omotta ka ? 
  j\u014dbin reminds me of natalie dormer in hunger games, 
  just buy the dvds, 
  im buying it just for yoshis island !!, 
  the case should have a code inside if you bought it new . 
  i love the character designs and stand battles of part 5 , but part 6 has the best story . 
  pucci is such an epic character, 
  i would be so bored if i played nothing but generic triple-a games, 
  i 'm so glad it 's not a kaze release, 
  aqua necklace looks like the terminator, 
  in ascending chronological order :, 
  * thus spoke kishibe rohan - episode 16 : at a confessional, 
  * thus spoke kishibe rohan - episode 2 : mutsu-kabe hill, 
  * rohan kishibe goes to gucci, 
  * rohan at the louvre, 
  * thus spoke kishibe rohan - episode 5 : millionaire village, 
  * thus spoke kishibe rohan - episode 6 : poaching seashore, 
  * mochizuki family moon viewing : thus spoke kishibe rohan episode 4, 
  * thus spoke kishibe rohan - episode 7 : monday , sunshower, 
  if it was a german chain nobody would care, 
  it says inner persona , not persona . 
  it 's not referring to the persona series at all, 
  diego looks like fugo, 
  merzbow, 
  i did n't have any weird preconceptions mostly because i got into jojo by watching a video of all the gha 's in asb, 
  what the fuck, 
  thats runescape not warhammer, 
  i thought josuke was like 30 years old, 
  i hope new fans would stay away from the fanbase before catching up on the manga . 
  because she 's a white blonde, 
  buy the uk release from zavvi when it comes out, 
  the pronunciation of j. i keep pronouncing ` job ' as ` chob ' and so on . 
  does this mean sony will distribute funimation titles outside the us ? 
  stand proud is already nostalgic for me because i listened to it so much while the anime was airing . 
  nearly all american anime blu rays are both subbed and dubbed . 
  i 'd rather listen to harsh noise than this shit, 
  since when was ora ora a meme ? 
  its just a battle cry, 
  oh hey it 's cara delevigne, 
  my name jeff, 
  the color palette during the superfly fight was awful, 
  i 'm sure madman will release the blu ray eventually, 
  the official viz translation is `` obito was nothing but awesome to me '', 
  parts 5 and 6 look great in color , but 7 and 8 have a more realistic artstyle which does n't really look good with the overly bright color scheme, 
  nothing 's been confirmed iirc but considering the high price i 'd assume it includes some kind of extras, 
  in katakana , `` holy '' is written \u30db\u30fc\u30ea\u30fc ( hoorii ) and holly from jjba is \u30db\u30ea\u30a3 ( horii ), 
  so i think araki definitely intended the name to be ` holly ' instead of ` holy ', 
  god i feel like a pedophile watching that, 
  because he did n't want to . 
  simple as that, 
  i want ivrea to publish this in finland too since they have a finnish branch for some reason, 
  you post the imgur link, 
  i like every jojo and part equally , but part 5 has my favorite character designs, 
  because characters explaining things is a trope that was especially common in the 80s when phantom blood was released, 
  more jeff and lester, 
  the vocals just make my ears bleed, 
  because he 's a big music buff, 
  i feel like most of eminem 's fans like him just because he 's white, 
  i got lords of shadow : ultimate edition a few months ago and i 've really been enjoying it . 
  what games would you suggest that are like it ? 
  already know about prince of persia . 
  i saw a music video on mtv when i was younger . . like 2003-2005 . 
  i remember a scene with the singer laying in the grass singing , and i guess there were a labyrinth she was running in . 
  [ removed ], 
  why so many webcomics are just short gags ? 
  no story progression or anything , just three panels with a punchline . 
  i recently finished planetes and was looking for similiar stuff . 
  seinen with more emphasis on drama and relationships rather than gore and action . 
  i hate people who have deluded themselves into thinking reddit is some kind of bastion of light in a sea of stupidity or whatever . 
  this is fucking reddit . 
  cat gifs and horrible unfunny jokes , racism , self-loathing virgins , shills , hate , and double-digit iq wannabe sleuths ( and idiots who read an article once about how iq does n't really matter , and constantly quote from it without citing in a vain effort to seem intelligent ) . 
  get over it and stop pretending this is the last straw , because you know you 'll be back again . 
  and again . 
  and again . 
  i think the jojonium cover ones would be really sweet . 
  and obliviously valentine 's scarred back . 
  you know , since luffy 's called ` rubber man ' instead of ` gum man ', 
  so viz has those free chapters available on their site , but they 're region blocked outside the u.s. can anyone upload them to imgur or something ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i mean that remix of cobrastyle . 
  i have to mute the tv every time it comes on
