  ` your planet ' is a great track by him as well, 
  i swear i saw a japanese porno with this plot once, 
  i thought you meant the open world, 
  lets kill da ho !, 
  just because you got a boner from that does n't make it rule 34, 
  does porn really need adverts, 
  teaching bitches how to swim, 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  wheres the moan-holding, 
  http://javfor.me/actress/yu-shinoda more of her if anyones interested, 
  i seriously thought it was rohan, 
  adult video, 
  the only people who type like that are indians on facebook, 
  giorno looks good in dark red, 
  what the fuck is that forum, 
  pet shop is renamed animal shop, 
  it 's worth reading the whole series in order just to see the art evolve, 
  thats the shrek equivalent of worldstarrr, 
  das gay mane, 
  that must 've hurt his throat, 
  enemy stand !!!!!!!, 
  never change , rohan, 
  you should really put these up on nyaa, 
  these are the japanese bunko rerelease covers : http://www.cdjapan.co.jp/product/neobk-304247, 
  bitch !, 
  idgf ^ . ^, 
  when the 2012 anime started airing i saw people hyping it in a lot of places and afterwards around november 2013 i thought i should watch the first episode since i got a new phone which could play anime streams without lag . 
  i marathoned the anime fairly quickly and moved on to the manga . 
  have n't even finished reading sbr , i keep getting distracted . 
  some generic english voices, 
  thought that was a ghetto thing, 
  especially heavy weather, 
  i liked it too , but it just felt too long . 
  i never thought the characters looked gay , more like straight out of some fashion catalog, 
  reading the parts in order is the best way to go , really . 
  man i really hope viz would speed up the release schedule . . 
  i got the same results while logged in to my google account and in incognito mode, 
  too bad jojo 's is n't supposed to be a comedy, 
  he looks like beat from jet set radio, 
  i was told leicester is pronounced leishtah, 
  just kraftwerk and aphex twin so far . 
  it looks like it 's made of play-doh, 
  those cops seem so unprofessional, 
  now he 's megadead, 
  h2h2productions is actually the original name of the ethan and hila channel, 
  this nikka look like peter dinklage, 
  i live in finland and bought all the volumes from book depository, 
  bracoooooooooo, 
  listen here you babe, 
  at the moment it 's my favorite elseq track, 
  i wonder if they 'll do the same thing they did with ae_live and release more parts, 
  the first autechre track i heard was syptixed , this is exactly how i felt, 
  finland !!!!!!!!!, 
  works fine on mobile . 
  i read the whole first chapter thinking hinata was himawari, 
  is n't that just ehat the translator wrote ? 
  the items advertised on these kind of ads are your previously viewed items, 
  why is dat boi even a meme ? 
  it 's just a random image of a frog on an unicycle, 
  will seinfeld ever be released on blu-ray ? 
  gosh geez !, 
  well , the artist draws bbw hentai manga, 
  i hope the anime 's designs end up looking something like this, 
  his original design looks more feminine that this tbh, 
  `` can you search the internet for ` how to drink tea ' ? '', 
  theres a lot of amazing japanese femdom stuff out there where the women enjoy it, 
  i ca n't tell which is which, 
  so , does this mean websites like zavvi and bookdepository wo n't be offering free shipping worldwide anymore ? 
  would be coolto see an undited photo, 
  if the quality was higher there would be a nice droste effect going on, 
  i love how this is from a hydraulic press video, 
  what , i never knew penguinz0 was cr1tikal . 
  just randomly subbed to him a few months back, 
  did it even have a swastika, 
  d4c full name could very well be just dirty deeds , and limp bizkit to limp biscuit - also , sticky fingers to sticky zippers, 
  i 'd change green day to green dawn, 
  i saw a japanese porn video with the exact same premise once, 
  reminds me of the bus that ruined the video of a demolition, 
  miitomo is n't even available in my country yet, 
  pretty sure thats abbacchio in the gucci pic instead of anasui, 
  that 's not very nice, 
  i hope the anime will use these colors, 
  i have never heard of this band before , why is it on the front page ? 
  araki did a lot of research for part 5 , i thought the locations looked really detailed . 
  cdjapan, 
  this has nothing to do with h3h3, 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` cinderella comes after yoshikage kira wants a quiet life '' ), 
  you seriously believe this is a game show ? 
  i hope viz will start releasing the manga quicker, 
  the cheap trick arc, 
  to to - africa, 
  ... is that cheese ? 
  boobs sex hot sex le sex seeeeeeeeeeeexxxx, 
  the part is called ogon no kaze in japanese, 
  not holding my breath for shigechi 's asb/eoh voice actor returning but i really hope he does . 
  i loved his harvesto, 
  i 've seen japanese porn with this concept, 
  so , did shigechi 's voice actor change ? 
  fatty is a duwang translation . 
  for some reason i really snorted at shigechi 's pronunciation of `` blue stamp '' .
