this is exactly what it means . 
  it 's coded racism and it 's a statement that a welfare state could n't exist in america because it would be ruined by `` those people . '', 
  almost every american can admit that people living in , say , denmark , have a better living standard and more opportunity than americans . 
  they will also say that america could n't achieve the same result with identical policies because denmark is `` homogenous . '', 
  by removing social democratic policies as an option ( because negroes ) you create a debate between one side that says the `` job creators '' should pay no taxes and another that says the rich need more direct government transfers ( for `` innovation ! '' ), 
  exactly this . 
  the people who go to syria are n't people who had a chance to enjoy the fruits of europe 's `` civilization . '', 
  they 're people who were unemployed or stuck in dead end low wage jobs , subjected to a barrage of commercial propaganda designed to make them hate themselves , who spent years only hearing politicians/media ignoring them except to describing them as threatening evils . 
  and you know , compared to that , i ca n't blame someone for going off to jihad in order to `` be someone . '', 
  ive had enough of those experiences in my life to sympathize , people who have had everything in life handed to them ca n't understand how profound despair can get . 
  at a certain point people will accept anything that promises something better . 
  i mean , europe had the 1930s/40s , and now people are acting like they ca n't understand political extremism . 
  if you prevent them from going to syria you 're only going to have to fight them in your own countries ; we 're responsible for the production of these people , as long as societies have the problems they do we 'll continue to produce angry and dispossessed young men who can only see opportunities in violence . 
   citizens elect ** corrupt ** officials to make those decisions ftfy, 
  [ what 's that tune i hear , somewhere in the distance ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q6dav5kb9cy&amp;list=rdq6dav5kb9cy ) faintly it calls to me , sometimes it is quiet and sometimes loud but i hear it everywhere . 
  deep in their blood and bones people still have the old memories , they remember when they stood up and shook the world . 
  we can do it again !, 
  why did you downvote me ? 
  how is walmart not capitalism ? 
  is n't a basic axiom of capitalist business that labour is a cost and successful businesses maximize profit by minimizing costs ? 
  in the future available to a worker like me here are some things that will be unobtainable : * healthcare * a first world quality education for my children * secure housing what is obtainable to me * a yugo m70 rifle ( i 'm loving it ! ), 
  how do you think that story ends ? 
  and how do you think capitalism is going to fix it ? 
  all i know is that capitalism is responsible for the existence of walmart and its wages . 
  its also responsible for there not being any jobs around me except at walmart or its equivalents . 
  i do n't give a fuck what capitalism is doing in shenzhen , it 's creating a hell of a lot of poverty where i am . 
  of course i might feel differently if we did capitalism like they do in shenzhen , apparently it works there , but i doubt you really approve of the unique model of the ccp . 
  they have the same moral responsibility americans had * vis \u00e0 vis * germany in 1941 . 
  i do n't see how nationality enters into it , the moral question remains equivalent . 
  obviously i was referring to the american soldiers . 
  the german state merely gave them aid and comfort . 
  west germany 's servants made a independent choice to subordinate themselves to their guilty state , that is the source of their individual guilt , apart from whatever orders they carried out . 
  but i do believe that there is such a thing as collective guilt and that the wronged can seek redress of their grievances from people who are not directly responsible . 
  it might be difficult for me to convince you of this , but personally i feel guilty for crimes committed on my behalf or with my complicity ( there are so many ! ), 
  and if some yemeni wanted to kill me i 'd struggle and beg for my life but i do n't feel like i could call it anything other than justice . 
  today i learned a little german , * dankesch\u00f6n * . 
  it looks like kant used the words * gesunden menschenverstand * himself . 
  we 'll have to disagree on theories of ethics , that 's a debate a bit too involved for reddit . 
  but even if we accuse each other of holding ethical philosophies that are responsible for most human suffering i hope we can do it with smiles on our faces . 
  they were the voluntary agents of states that were killing millions in vietnam ? 
  that is my point , i think it changes everything . 
  some people do deserve to die because some people are * guilty * . 
  there are many differences between the far left and far right but one similarity is that both ideologies are ethically consequentialist . 
  you can huddle alongside kant and decry violence uniformly , but kant 's ethics are absurd and obviously foolish . 
  deontology is a pathetic enlightenment attempt to reconstruct christian morality without christian belief . 
  the situations are very different . 
  in the 70s the german government was supporting the vietnam war and was full of ex-nazis . 
  i do n't think there 's any comparison between murdering random immigrants and killing hanns martin schleyer . 
  raf was a dead end , the wrong way to go about things , but i find it completely impossible to have sympathy for their victims . 
  a party like m5s would be the only thing that could get me to vote again . 
  they scare me less than these corrupt neoliberal cabals who sit around davos and spitball about how we need to abolish minimum wages and make westerners live on $ 6/day . 
  after obama and the bailouts my political engagement is limited to stockpiling guns and ammo . 
  the u.s. will have a civil war in the next 10-20 years , unless `` mainstream '' european politicians get their act together , which i doubt , then europe will have fascism around the same time . 
  in the 1930s the european `` center right '' ( e.g. 
  von papen , schleicher , hindenburg ) was ascendent and had the policy of tolerating growing economic discontent . 
  eventually they were forced to give up power to fascists out of fear of the left . 
  who will the oligarchs choose this time ? 
  really ? 
  because in the last 5 years we have gotten : the heritage foundation 's romneycare plan ( a bullshit handout to insurance companies that does n't get most people any closer to affordable health care , ) an expanded global war on terror ^ tm ( this time fighting on al qaeda 's side in syria and libya ) , a lobbyist fcc chairman who 's destroying the open internet , and no end of handouts to the banks and `` job creators . '', 
  all while the obama administration talks about how willing it is to cut social security if only the republicans would be more polite . 
  i voted in 2008 , and 2012 , but when i look at what it got us i 'm disgusted with myself . 
  i doubt i 'll vote again . 
  i did buy a rifle though , because i `` am now quite certain that the crimes of this guilty , land : will never be purged away ; but with blood '', 
  huh , reason on / r/europe . 
  no , it 's much more likely the evil palsied hand of the kremlin is behind this !, 
  hint : in libya most of the weapons did n't come from nato . 
  after the state collapses advanced weapons become much easier to acquire . 
  in 1938 the motivating ideology of the nazi party was * lebensraum * : from their early days the nazis planned that germany would conquer europe and then exterminate the people of eastern europe to establish an agrarian slave empire that could compete with the british empire and the united states . 
  let 's accept the worst that 's said about putin and russia , that it 's ethnonationalist and plans expansion . 
  what are the maximum imaginable boundaries of that expansion ? 
  belarus , most of ukraine , northern kazakhstan ? 
  while the world would definitely be better off if that did n't happen there 's no genocide necessary in that plan . 
  that 's why it 's ridiculous and offensive to compare putin to hitler . 
  calling what the europarliament does legislating is orwellian doublespeak . 
  the ep is a ceremonial rubber stamp body that ca n't originate legislation , abstentionism is the best policy for a euroskeptic party that wins `` representation '' in such a farcical body . 
  oh no , saddam committed war crimes , he must be literally hitler so removing him ca n't be criminal ? 
  it 's not like the majority of those war crimes ( against iran ) [ were carried out with the active collaboration and partnership of the united states ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/articles/2013/08/25/secret_cia_files_prove_america_helped_saddam_as_he_gassed_iran ) , all you need to do is refer to the 1930s and anything can be justified . 
  it 's horseshit , this imperialist argument , where anything a western country does is justified by the awfulness of a foreign dictator , and all our own crimes are forgotten as soon as they 've been committed . 
  as evil as he was iraq was much better off under saddam than it has been since . 
  isis still controls much of ramallah and fallujah , though the media rarely reports on it . 
  blair is responsible for that and i care as much about what his intent had been as i do albert speer 's . 
  i briefly creeped your recent comments to try and ascertain whether you 're being sarcastic now . 
  you seem against nato expansion so my guess is you are n't and we 're probably in agreement . 
  keep the fire burning comrade !, 
  i 'm curious where you 're going with this line of questioning . 
  15/19 hijackers were saudi , they were following a saudi ideology , even at 14 i did n't attribute salafist terrorism to baathist iraq . 
  i do n't think anyone at all knowledgeable about the middle east did , only charlatans who had wanted to invade iraq long before 9/11 occurred . 
  that tony blair is a war criminal and deserves to be hanged ? 
  absolutely , it 's a straightforward question . 
  at nuremberg german leaders were tried who had no direct responsibility for atrocities or war crimes but who were responsible for waging `` wars of aggression '' and committing crimes against international peace . 
  that 's what blair did when he knowingly fabricated a case for an aggressive war against iraq that brought devastating instability to that country . 
  he deserves to face justice for his crimes . 
  maybe the uk could use some isolationism ? 
  if tony blair had to face the legal standards of the nuremberg trials he would be hanged . 
  yes , it will , as it has always heretofore done so . 
  let them see the human cost of their crimes , let them reckon with the price tag , then we will see justice . 
  restitution has never been made before it was demanded . 
  who says we have to solve anything ? 
  i 'd be satisfied with revenge .
