producing hydrogen from water : expensive in what way ? 
  if it just takes time and labor , build more in parallel ... 
  if it needs some resource that 's rare to come by ; boned i guess . 
  what i am trying to say ... if you look past all of it , money and time have relative worth . 
  if a state wants to make hydrogen , it has to throw out all the lobbies and just do it . 
  i agree . 
  we really love to be conservative with stuff . 
  right , though in germany the largest range i could go ( while staying in germany ) is like 800 kilometers . 
  i mean ... germany is close together compared to many regions in usa and canada . 
  germany would work with pure electric , for many people . 
  for a while we had a free ( ! ), 
  electric charging station in this city ... 
  it got ripped out because no one used it ... 
  they should have waited longer imho . 
  it was the wrong time ... ( and i hope it will be the right time at some point ) ... germany has no speed limits , and that 's because we 're a country of idiotic motorists who would actually prefer grinding through a desert with their big suv to going in their small environmentally good car through an intact world . 
  i know a few of them , less than 6 cylinders is nothing and an uneven amount of cylinders ( 3 ) is just the worst thing that exists ... without a real reason ( except that it does n't pull you forward as good and is n't as good sounding ! ), 
  hydrogen seems like the best compromise , yeah ... 
  it 's not even a compromise , anyway . 
  it 's just superior . 
  christ , we germans are fully in the hands of the auto industry and people saying electro cars have no future , they suck . 
  why ? 
  because they suck , it cant be good . 
  true story ... many times over . 
  well they had social in their names so they must be left huh ? 
  ( caps for sarcasm ) social ... for the very germans maybe . 
  actually , for left/right definition i actually like the political compass : http://www.politicalcompass.org/germany2013, 
  it 's funny that sankakucomplex has this of all sites, 
  a room ? 
  maybe a wardrobe . 
  if your father was lame ? 
  oh , not in the derogatory sense ... 
   it still goes out of the state budget it would n't be the first time something takes out of state budget . 
  also i said , starting out , that we should take it off of rich people by , for example , actually taxing them instead of letting the lobby do it 's job reducing taxes for rich people . 
  giving them any money would result in the very populistically effective `` giving them money of other people !! 1 '' . 
   it 's also not fair . 
  seems like neoconservative wish wash , sorry . 
  it 's not fair to adhere to human rights by giving every human a way to actually live . 
  of course , yeah ... 
  even if they could n't possibly attain it on their own by being born in a country held down by things us westerners do . 
   is negative for the economy . 
  it is ? 
  how so ? 
  it makes them spend it in the economy , companies will experience growth . 
  also i 'd like to take it away from people who wo n't even remotely feel a dent in their survivability from it . 
   inevitably be challenged if the working person is forced to pay for someone who is foreign to her , i can only say ... we need to get over it . 
  there are also unemployed people getting our money for free in our country !, 
  they 're foreign !, 
  better not give them any chance to become a productive member of society again by taking that money away from that goddamn freeloader . 
   not to mention that it will become ever more strained the more people are receiving rather than contributing . 
  not to mention that many people remove themselves from the social system as soon as they 're safe enough never to fall into the net again . 
  this ca n't work . 
  people suck . 
  these people would really put a lot of strain off the social system ... 
  but they take their opinion from the same sources as you . 
  and a basic income would not prevent that . 
  intrinsic motivators are much better than extrinsic motivators . 
  money is an extrinsic motivator . 
  if people are given the chance on personal fulfillment , they will use it and do something great with their time . 
  also people will start doing volunteer work in something they love to do , because they do n't have to care about money to survive anymore we just have to throw out our fake worths like `` money '' to derive our value and identity from . 
  of course rich people would like to keep this since it 's the thing lifting them above the other peasants . 
  well , and if they do n't want it to change , it will probably not change ... 
  well , i mean inhumane in the way that it violates the rights we have here , i think even human rights , partly . 
  and yeah , this is the problem . 
  we need a stable social system and some solution if the jobs break away . 
  an example that is sometimes called but often hated on is basic income ... 
  it would work here , but we 're not ready for that , we 're still in the `` nobody would work '' mindset . 
  somehow i think that this mindset was given to us by the media , they permanently send soap operas with unemployed people going to shit and not even trying to work . 
  you do n't want to be that , but at the same time you will know everyone becomes that ... 
  i can see that in my daily life , how this opinion has spread far . 
  we need some solution , the next industrial revolution will take our classic ( blue ? 
  ) - collar jobs away . 
  it 's just a question of time . 
  the industry likes robots more because they do n't become sick , which is , for me , the perfect proof that it will come . 
  because it makes big industry companies richer and more efficient . 
  and that 's our biggest priority nowadays , that the industry thrives and that the economy grows endlessly . 
  oh , i mean through the economic cycle . 
  the money will end up at companies , generating more revenue . 
  a higher revenue and profit will probably at some point end up in the pockets of the investors as profit distribution ... 
  giving people money gives them the incentive to spend it , this cycle is what drives our market , so by making people poor and locking them out , you lock out market opportunities . 
  this is why the companys want the refugees to stay because they can act as cheap labor force ( usual business here ) . 
  but to have them stay you have to give them some money to survive and be able to educate themselves , get language lessons at the very least so they can become viable workers . 
  from what i 've heard , any low work here is already haven for them because that pays higher than anything they had and as many are from countries at war - it 's also a safe living . 
  so since privatization has lead into a business where you privatize profits and socialize losses ( recent example : greece had to sell only their profitable airports and now has to bear , with all the debt they have , airports running at a loss . 
  the profitable airports actually offset that loss , but now ... ) i think this complete blindness to maybe have rich investors pay some part in the country they 're in stems from . 
  it 's known that rich people are usually out of the social system because it would never give them any benefits ( well that 's why it 's social . 
  it benefits the one part of society and chips off money from the other side where it does n't hurt , or should n't hurt , but as we realized ... it generates a lot of phantom pain for people to be paying for other 's lives for the guarantee that your life also is n't lost if you lose all that money ... especially if you can guarantee you wo n't drop into that hole ) . 
  somehow the middle class took up that opinion ... senselessly . 
  might be due to effects caused by lobbying and basically that the largest part of the big media is controlled by ... of course , rich people . 
  murdoch ... springer in germany ... etc. 
  they will of course try to shoehorn opinions that are favorable to them ... 
  i am unsure if it was really necessary , but at least we should have gotten rid of it after the low economy . 
  now we have a high economy , but still unemployed people !, 
  why ? 
  because robotics and other advancements are eating up employee space . 
  those unemployed people get inhumanely used to work 1 $ per hour jobs and it goes as low as having 0 $ per hour jobs ( ! ) . 
  the state has to pay the offset so people can live off of these jobs . 
  this is somehow typical as the government seems to love being lobbied at . 
  if you do n't do those jobs , you get your welfare illegally ( ! ), 
  cut and since you are poor you have no way to fight back with a lawyer to get your right for welfare back . 
  it 's all kinds of inhumane ...
