  you seem to be pretty far up the backside of the brainwashers . 
  i do n't think it will fuck anything . 
  the money will go back . 
  also if anything the rich people usually get out of the social system just to spite us ( and not lose those precious few euros a month ) arguing like this is basically arguing against the whole social system , which i 've heard a lof in neoconservatism . 
  instead , how about we take the money from the richer people and use that for the refugees . 
  the lefts suggested that too . 
  it will come back to the richer people anyway by how the refugees will boost the economy with that money . 
  also what is jordan supposed to say , they 're getting stuff done !, 
  hahahaha the spd we do n't call them the traitor party for nothing ... 
  they 've been betraying their social standards for a long time now . 
  they 're losing people because you can do all this neoconservative crap in the cdu . 
  the spd is responsible for hartz iv anyway , a disgusting law to keep people on a leash and push them into crappily paying jobs : /, 
  i am waiting for a / r/nottheonion post saying some other politicians like our angela merkel being arrested for treason !, 
  give pregnant people a fine too if they smoke ha, 
  i agree, 
  wow , i was going in there expecting it was a political opinion , but games ? 
  huh ... 
  i also wonder why . 
  there is a huge pro-american lobby within the european union, 
  we have goddamn water , we can rinse them before we eat them ... 
  i always try to buy veggies by the kilo , without packaging around them ... 
  but that 's mostly a moot point anyway because i will happily put them into a plastic bag if i buy multiple veggies that are not connected in any way ... 
  when i buy singles , i will just label them that way . 
  well , it seemed like something that would come right out of there because if it was enacted , i bet some company that makes money with trash could sue against the states for limiting their profit by limiting amounts of trash . 
  this is what i took away from it , at least . 
  was this in the wake of ttip , maybe ? 
  of course that would come from a german . 
  we are so recycling addicted , man . 
  but really , if we were to standardize food and everything packaging , we could recylce it so much better, 
  well i voted for the german lefts ... 
  so i did n't want to elect them , at least :p . the part where i can always switch my isp ... well , that works as long as there are isps left to switch to ... 
  i fear that others will smell the odor of money and might follow . 
  http://images1.tickld.com/live/1269090.jpg haha i found it . 
  it was related to italy edit : [ and found the original too ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/facebook/000/017/046/bptve1jieaaa3dt.jpg ), 
  reminds me of that image where someone has photoshopped himself holding a gun into his own back ( he was on the photo twice ) . 
  i ca n't find it though, 
  or you just steal them off the street ( not `` find '' them ) then not even the previous owner can be charged , since there is none !, 
  til it 's called red meat in english . 
  personally i hope for mass growing meat in big labs ( without the animals attached ) . 
  then being vegan becomes senseless !, 
  there have been tries on this , it would have advantages and would get rid of the disadvantages ... 
  i mean so many that it 's practically a no brainer even if it 's not as cost efficient . 
  - no antibiotics - no feces - no pain ( it 's just proteins to meat growing according to their dna ) - feed does n't need to be grown ; fields can be used for something else - no sickness risks for humans eating it - much , much less pollution ( needs electricity for the labs , but if we can supply that in a green way , it 's practically free ! ), 
  i do n't know what kind of input it needs , but it 's just naturally growing proteins , so maybe just ... a bunch of nutrients and some energy . 
  much less though since the cow with it 's brain and all that other stuff does n't have to grow around it . 
  the telekom.com link literally says exactly that . 
  do you trust yourselves ? 
  says the sore englishman :d, 
  the neoconservatists in other countries try to surpress that thinking . 
  because being social and contributing to a common goal is good for the soul . 
  being greedy to rip the last amount of money out is not . 
  i like how you have to write a disclaimer that you 're not a vegan : /, 
  well if no , it probably sells out potential profits for some big industry , then it 's never going through anyway . 
  rarely . 
  well , they killed all the pro-net-neutrality amendments , did n't they ? 
  and now the german telecom just now said they consider online gaming a special service which should be paid accordingly :p . . and video conferencing !, 
  it was remote chirurgy before , now they get out the bullshit . 
  so far i was kiiind of under the impression that they rather killed net neutrality than made it possible https://twitter.com/freakkaerf/status/659481194862653440 telecom also wants to give little startups a right of way on the internet ( haha ) with a share of their turnover of `` a few percent '' http://www.handelsblatt.com/unternehmen/it-medien/netzneutralitaet-telekom-bietet-vorfahrt-fuer-umsatz/12510844.html so yeah , there are `` special services '' which can be elevated above normal services , and the isps can define those special services . 
  that 's the point why it completely sucks . 
  wow http://www.telekom.com/medien/managementzursache/291708 it 's disgusting how they argue . 
  right now you can buy extra services at sites for a few euro , like being able to search better at xing or video in hd instead of sd . 
  well , now you can secure the quality of the network with a few euros extra . 
  read : advantaging some services to the cost of others . 
  so if someone throws a pill into your mouth , did you still own the pill or how does that work ? 
  can you consume without owning ? 
  next step : torrenting kills people !, 
  and these experts are so nice , they even give you money so they can give you expert knowledge . 
  but iirc those fast lanes are usually just between two companies or something . 
  highly specialized . 
  and you could already pay for `` fastpath '' , better ping ( better routing ) to everything . 
  that was already breaking net neutrality imho . 
  lobbyists can also consist of interest groups for the people . 
  but the ones for the companies are more interesting since they have more bribe money . 
  of course prevent having to increase throughput on the internet by just prioritizing the ones that can pay so they stop whining ... at the expense of all other companies . 
  at least the people can enjoy their fast lane to facebook now , huh !?!?!?!? 
  edit : if they pay for the facebook package , only 80 cent per month . 
  and the youtube package . 
  and the < site  package, 
  for everyone in the same way , too . 
  even if it means taking prosperity away from the top 1 % . 
  yeah , they can always find an excuse for just stopping to work . 
  not enough pay ? 
  strike . 
  intern does n't obey ? 
  strike . 
  your omelette came out wrong ? 
  strike . 
  wow , finance being the largest part makes me sad . . finance is like , the one that does the least in really tangible values , imho . 
  for one , they made net neutrality a law where we are still stuck up and will allow the corporations to keep us in leading strings . 
  we should also take that one part where people actually demonstrate for laws and make huge movements on them . 
  net neutrality was changed based on everyone talking about it ... 
  i could n't imagine it happening in germany a lot . 
  you just stay with your party usually and that 's it : /, 
  and i thought . de was expensive as hell because of our damn high premium prices . 
  well , okay . 
  if hydrogen sucks ... that 's fair enough ... 
  i was n't trying to argue for hydrogen , i was trying to argue that if we can get a better fuel source , we should just damn get it and not get tenderized by the lobby for cars and oil : /, 
  st\u00f6rerhaftung is just horrible . 
  it deserves many , many facepalms . 
  it 's like a 15/10 on the facepalm scale .
