well it just seems like a very hollywood-ized version , you know what i mean ? 
  i do n't know how important thor is to the general culture over there , but it just seems like it would be easy to make some sweeping generalizations that would put some people off . 
  maybe i 'm thinking about it too much :p, 
  my father tells me that once america used to be looked up to as a model to emulate . 
  that seems completely ridiculous these days . 
  i still do n't believe him . 
  i think the only solution for solving corruption is for voters to decide they do n't want it anymore . 
  i understand it 's not easy because a lot of the voters are captured and benefiting from it . 
  i 'd be perfectly happy if the us were to eliminate every foreign base we have everywhere . 
  i 'm sick and tired of the constant embarrassment that comes from being the `` world 's police '' . 
  the us spends more on defense than every other country in the world combined and it all does much more harm than good . 
  we should to stop meddling in the affairs of foreign countries . 
  nice to see the chinese actually put their money to use instead of lending it back to us . 
  you 'll never get rid of media bias . 
  you have to understand that these companies are producing news for certain markets . 
  outlets like fox or rt are simply telling their audiences what they want to hear . 
  you might as well get angry at a car company for selling cars . 
  if you believe that the politicians put in charge of running them will be incorruptible and will never use their privileged position to put their interests before the public 's then go right ahead . 
  but history suggests that 's a pretty bad idea . 
  those germans with their harsh austerity , flexible labor markets , and fiscal discipline must have one of the most horrific standards of living in the known world . 
  i know i would never want to live there . 
  i do n't buy the story that `` germany profits from the euro '' as if that was always the case . 
  it looks to me that germany was successful in reforming it 's economy so that it could benefit from the euro . 
  and if it left it could reform it again by accepting higher inflation . 
  if germany is the true villain in this debt crisis then why is n't there a consensus to kick them out of the ez instead of greece ? 
  if i was living in germany i would be voting for a return to the d-mark . 
  nearly every economic statistic coming out of germany shows that employment and profits have never been better . 
  the labor force is well educated and more importantly flexible . 
  and if they can achieve this while locked in the ez they can for sure achieve it if they had control of their own currency . 
  why risk your world class economy by tying it to other countries who are calling you villains and dominators ? 
  but i 'm sure there 's some cultural issues here i do n't understand . 
  i must admit i 'd never looked into how the swiss government worked . 
  typical american thinking the rest of the world works the same way it does here in the states . 
  i see what you did there . 
  super is our word . 
  superman , superbowl , supersize , etc. 
  i live in a town called reno in the state of nevada . 
  it 's sort of like a much smaller version of las vegas . 
  i think reno has a pretty big immigrant population . 
  there are a lot of latin americans ( mostly from el salvador , mexico and the dominican ) and a lot of philippians at the casino where i work . 
  we even have an iranian and an ethiopian too and that 's just in the valet department . 
  but i 've never seen any greeks until these restaurants opened . 
   third largest greek speaking population in the world wow . 
  that 's pretty shocking lol . 
  it 's funny because we 've had 2 new greek restaurants open here in my city in less than a year and there were n't any before . 
  i do n't know if they 're refugees but its a pretty big coincidence . 
  and thanks for the info but i 'm not really interested in leaving the states right now . 
  maybe when i finish my it degree but i had n't thought about moving tbh . 
  are the aussies getting a lot of greek immigrants lately ? 
  if i was living in greece i would be doing everything in my power to get out asap . 
  and from what i understand australia is friendlier than most other countries to immigration . 
  how does it look from your end of the world ? 
  i 'm more interested in what kind of person the president of europe would be . 
  a strict budget enforcer like merkel ? 
  or someone like berlesconi ? 
  maybe someone from france who believes in the power of the state and wants to use it help people ? 
  who knows ? 
  i do n't think a united states of europe can really work in our lifetimes because these countries all seem to have radically different views about politics and economics . 
  but i 'm just a yankee looking from the outside in so my opinions are probably not worth much . 
  if i was king though i would probably scrap the euro as it exists today and start over with fewer countries and stricter rules building it back up slowly over time . 
  the only reason i know how to drive a stick shift is because of my job ( valet driver ) . 
  i 'm the only one in my family apart from my grandfather who knows how to drive a stick . 
  very soon ( less than 1 year imo ) the greek government will have to start paying its pensioners and public employees with ious . 
  this is because with the escalating bank runs soon every greek bank will be empty of euros . 
  when the government starts issuing ious , some sarcastic greek person will make headlines when he call his iou a drachma . 
  when that happens everyone else will start calling their ious drachmas . 
  in order to buy food and other necessities people will start trading the ious at a big discount for euros . 
  at this point greece will have in effect 2 currencies . 
  a few months later it will become abundantly clear to most greeks that the ious can not and will not ever be paid back . 
  then the government will institute the brand new drachma . 
  that 's how greece is going to leave the eurozone . 
  the only semi-plausable patrons i think they can really go to are brazil , australia , and maybe canada although i think they would all say no . 
  the idea of china bailing out greece is hilarious . 
  do n't forget that china is still a very poor country . 
  even when it becomes the largest economy in the world it will still be a very poor country . 
  it 's really absurd to think that a country where per capita gdp is $ 8,382 is going to bail out a country where per capita gdp 3 times as big ( $ 26,294 ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  you 'd almost think the media was propagating some kind anti-immigrant attitude . 
  or maybe im just paranoid . 
  oh wow i had n't heard about this . 
  the title is so over-the-top link-baitish that i rolled my eyes just typing it in . 
  but i think its a good article that makes some really persuasive points . 
  at this point the only option i see available to spain is to `` pull an iceland '' and allow the all the banks to stiff their bondholders . 
  i 'm not saying it would be painless but i do n't think there 's any scenario in which spain will avoid a 5-10 year period of economic hardship . 
  i do n't think germany would complain as much if greece would implement the structural labor and business reforms and would get on with the privatisations . 
  `` you wo n't get rich working in europe '' `` you will not get good work in europe '' my problem with this is that rich is a matter of perspective . 
  imagine you 're a war torn refugee who is used to living on $ 1.00 per day . 
  moving to a rich western country and making minimum wage cleaning toilets might be a 100x increase in living standards . 
  plus thats another taxpayer to fund your pension . 
  i agree it 's tough . 
  i try to tell my more nationalistic friends that if you want more social security you should let in more immigrants to pay taxes into it . 
  when countries get rich they tend to stop having babies . 
  so if you want a steady stream of taxpayers to fund your pensions in old age you need some way to grow the population . 
  we 've been spoiled here in the u.s. with having a large poor country ( mexico ) steadily increasing our population . 
  but as they get richer and we get more xenophobic its going to get harder to persuade them to move here and fund our pensions . 
  but no one is kicking a bigger can down the road than japan . 
  they have the highest debt-gdp ratio in the world and they actually pay immigrants from places like the philippines to go back to their own countries . 
  i predict that in around 100 years or so the richest countries on earth will actually try to pay poor immigrants to move to their countries because their fertility rates will be so low . 
  but it seems that going forward greece and the periphery is going to have to stop buying expensive german goods no matter what . 
  euro or not those countries just are n't as wealthy as they used to be when cheap credit was flowing around .
