  why do you love brits so much ? 
  independence is always a hard thing but if usa could pulled it then everyone can . 
  for a modern inspiration look at kurds . 
  they fight for their non-existent country . 
  there will be weeping there , and gnashing of teeth , just give it time . 
  there wo n't be always offduty us soldiers on your local tram . 
  you could have written better the title . 
  `` for men and boys '' . 
   france privacy is one of our highest rights soooo , that 's why the train crew locked themselves up real good . 
  let the passengers fend themselves ? 
  every man for himself ? 
  anyway a well deserved slap in the face from these offduty yank soldiers . 
  embarrassment for the whole european continent . 
  well putin has truly gone mad . 
   hate russians and communism half truth . 
  i do n't hate russians . 
  anyway , what i really wanted to imply that yugoslavia was a communist country and communism came from soviet union . 
  and as a freedom loving dude i would interpret a forced state form as aggression . 
  ( as per the title of this thread . ), 
  i 'm pretty sure the cunt will wait till the train is moving with like 80 km/h and start his little cleansing jihad at that time lol ... 
  well , russians have kicked our asses a few times . 
  not without a reason i might add lol ... 
  i dunno why they did n't get the memo in 1956 that we do n't want them in our country unless as unarmed tourists lol ... 
  haha ... nope . 
  what about tito ? 
  and yugoslavia ? 
  the whole eastern bloc ( including your country ) suffered soviets long enough ... 
   there were cops armed to the teeth around it and ? 
  this happened on a choke full of tram , plus a terrorist with an ak-47 and 300 rounds . 
  the whole train would be dead if those marines were n't there . 
  oh , i 'm glad you are here from that country . 
  the extremist pacifism of germany is not helping . 
  srsly you guys never know when to stop , both ways . 
  great ... now we ca n't even wipe our asses without help from a few us marines ... cool i knew this time will come ... jeez europe ... we srsly need to rethink everything on this damn continent ... 
  yeah , p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt yesterday . 
  and today too lol ... 
  jeez , use spell-checker if you 're not native english speaker ( i do ) . 
  also , i would n't use the term `` perfect storm '' in this context . 
  third , the solution is easy : remove putin and conduct a proper democratic election . 
  and won in fairer competition than the olympics roflmao ... 
  yeah , but their humor and music is top notch . 
  also there 's a saying , or i was told constantly during my school years , that hungary is the only country that is surrounded by itself . 
  and of course the constant blaming of france for it , which is kinda lame . 
  yep , that 's the closest ting to `` royal '' us will ever get . 
  fyi trump is not royal roflmao ... 
  pretty neat and pretty good . 
  i would not dare to publish my guessing of usa states lol ... 
  no longer . 
  we tried and failed . 
  in that case money is involved , so it 's in your best interest to be able to identify yourself legally to prove you 're the account owner . 
  ( disclaimer : i only use facebook to promote my business , otherwise i do n't use social media sites because their privacy settings freaks me out ... ), 
  at one time it was proposed that countries with navy will sink or disable the human traffickers ' boats preemptively before they can use them . 
  what the frack happened to that plan ? 
  ( we have only a small inland river-side fleet . ), 
  ca n't blame them . 
  this is the biggest threat europe ever faced , the golden horde was nothing . 
  i 'm glad my country is still only a transit country , but the terminals and train stations look like i have never seen them before . 
  i think nothing has happened yet because of heavy media presence on these locations ... 
   free language classes heh no sane people would want to learn hungarian lol . 
  hmm yeah , orb\u00e1n should change tactics , mandatory hungarian lang exams for any entering migrants . 
  that should work rofl ... 
  why do they even care ... uk is not schengen area , heck they wo n't be in the eu in 2 months lol ... 
  dat winter hat , i need one ... 
  dude , compared to eastern bloc you are like an empire . 
  you and finland are brought up every time in how to build a small but powerful country conversations . 
  what did merkel say ? 
  well , there you are . 
  noone wants to join the eurozone . 
  not unless you have the economic strength of germany or holland . 
  well , they will be out of eu in 2 months , might as well start it now lol ... 
  i 'm not anti-british but they are anti-eu . 
  unused , uninstalled , blank notebooks and monitors . 
  but yes it 's still a theft and from important places . 
  so heads must roll . 
  of course they love . 
  trump implied he does n't care about europe . 
  probably he will do a second yalta . 
  but this time russia gets a free hand over the whole continent . 
  interesting and turbulent times ahead . 
  fyi : we hungarians have a skill in partisan warfare against t-34s ... just sayin ' ... 
  there wo n't be financial crash , not even because of china . 
  tbh eastern bloc would really profit from a chinese collapse . 
  i 'm more concerned about automation , machine learning and possible general ai . 
  but mabbe i 'm reading too much / . 
  or watching too much movies lol ... 
  rofl , i hope she knows after jews , arabs were the next item on hitler 's agenda ... 
  eastern bloc is as hostile as it can be for raising children . 
  wild east as they say ... 
  i think the 1 % vs 99 % or rich vs poor revolution or whateva is inevitable . 
  as soon iphones ' magic wears off / rofl ... just need a new marx or lenin ... 
  oh yeah , alexander the great was a slacker ... he was supposed to take thailand and japan ffs ... 
  too little too late . 
  let 's hope it works tho . 
  deportation . 
  seizing properties . 
  etc , etc , etc. . . 
  oh , where 's my country ? 
  oh yes , fucking nowhere !, 
  blatant lies . 
  unless you 're a migrant paying the traffickers .
