  * if * the war would n't go nuclear . 
  also russia wo n't wage war . 
  if anything they are aspiring to be more european . 
  i think it was always us europeans who attacked them and they counterattacked us . 
  or they were invited to attack a country . 
  tbh i wish they would elect a less heavyhanded leader than putin . 
  well the only country i see as want to innovate and has the money to innovate is usa . 
  and even them were stupid enough to elect an idiot . 
  or were stupid enough to not realize they were manipulated thru their facebook etc by a lower tech country namely russia . 
  scandinavia and german speaking territories are just extremely efficient at using tech . 
  anyways eu is currently the highest standard humanity has to offer . 
  brexit is a trainwreck , trump is a trainwreck on the same magnitude as dear leader of north-korea , chineese communism , the saudi financed arab terrorists and the mexican drug industry . 
  someone needs to build that factory . 
  keep it supplied , serviced . 
  it 's a megabiz no matter the automation . 
  finally ... 
  it tastes like hot dog ... / wink if you know what i mean lol ... anyways , fantasy names ... 
  false advertising !, 
  depth effect is beta . 
  you need to actually tap the screen to enable it . 
  well , same here , tho my problem is uk added some flavor to this eu . 
  now germans will have a hegemony . 
  france could not balance that out . 
  i do n't mind germans nor austrians but i think we needed the brits . 
  or not lol . 
  idiot thatcher wanted to keep up the iron curtain ... fuck her lol ... 
  it was the germans who pushed for integrating the eastern bloc . 
  and let 's be honest i mainly blame idiot churchill for pushing for that yalta atrocity . 
  he did n't fucking care about continental europe . 
   most people in crimea now want to be part of russia . 
  rofl , can of worms . 
  then let 's hold a referendum in transylvania , burgenland , felvid\u00e9k and vajdas\u00e1g . 
  let 's see if they want to come back to fatherland lol ... you see referendum or not , crimea goes back to ukraine default . 
  putin could reach into his pocket like the yanks did with alaska . 
  true and that 's why i think we should have offered you some kind of dualist state . 
  then later maybe inviting slovenia into the mix . 
  but anyway our current education is very anti-habsburg . 
  orb\u00e1n is terribly afraid of austria lol . 
  felvid\u00e9k was not part of slovakia just sayin ... 
  haha fuck y' all picture of the day lol ... 
  driver was a pakistani migrant . 
  anyways willkomen mama merkel !, 
  let orb\u00e1n handle the migrant crisis . 
  also i dunno why it 's so hard to understand that we generally like brits . 
  especially those who are not afraid to live on the continent . 
  it 's a shame cameron 's arrogance lead to this ... 
  usa is 1 country , we are not . 
  yeah , that 's why everyone in the eu facepalmed on jun 23rd . 
  srsly why did n't you educate your countryfolks if you expect them to understand the weight of their decisions . 
  same with the yanks and their mid-west ... 
  it can be done but it 's hard . 
  they need a general election won by remainer parties . 
  then in new parliament they can vote no for article 50 . 
  it 's a very huge struggle i hope branson realizes this . 
  haha good one irish bros !, 
  yeah , it 's a little baffling after all this why the frack did you vote for brexit ... 
  make britain great again . 
  is n't that a wonderful plan lol . . 
  so yalta 2 is a go ? 
  lol no . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  period . 
  we have internet , we communicate with each other . 
  even china . 
  also peeps are too busy eating their bigmacs and fiddling with their iphones lol ... world war 3 is cancelled . 
  yes , that 's a huge thing . 
  you speak english as first language and your country is next to uk . 
  paris and frankfurt does not need to apply lol ... 
  redditor being redditor lol ... 
  so no volvo , no vikings , no bj\u00f6rn borg , no syndrome , no nothing ... hmm okay . 
  watch the godamn upvotes fly ... 
  erdogan bro , do n't force us to make another holy league lol ... 
  it 's already happening . 
  i dunno what this yank general is talking about . 
  i really do n't mind it however they yank soldiers drive like devils here ... we are a small country with small places . 
  we do n't have texas like deserts with continent sized planes ... 
  we have a lot of turkish origin word . 
  they were here for 150 years lol ... 
  i hope they will kick cameron in the ass for causing this shitshow ... 
  finally lol ... 
  a hint : yes , 2 speed europe is the perfect stick for misbehaving eastern bloc . 
  you ca n't believe how effective is that . 
  these semi-dictators have already shit their pants lol . 
  dolan does n't care about europe . 
  and putler only wants to conquer . 
  there 's nowhere to run lol ... 
  dutch bros , your army has really gone mad in the recent years lol ... you 're still far from the yank crazies but you 're gaining on them pretty good lol ... 
  only uk has proper navy , only you can help . 
  sink the bitches before they can use their ship . 
  sink smugglers , sink ngos , sink everyone who wants to ferry migrants to europe . 
  then rescue them if you have the fancy . 
  but certainly jail them afterward . 
  listen to orb\u00e1n , lybia is the heart of the problem . 
  well , well , well , it 's good to see eu taking some action . 
  now work on that migrant crisis please ... 
  send over buckethead , let 's give some value to this comedy brexit ... 
  that 's our secret , captain . 
  our bodies are always ready ... 
  bash cameron lol , noone wanted brexit just him ... 
  omg hungary is very good .
