  not bad , not bad . 
  only ireland speaks english officially anyways lol ... 
  shame really . 
  it would have been a good pilot project for usa and china talks . 
  eu would need the experience . 
  it 's up to your country administration to let in gmo products . 
  mine does n't . 
  the most expensive medicines are mostly from swiss and israel anyway . 
  so i dunno , we will see why that pussy-magnet trudeue dude is pushing this agreement . 
  good , good , good . 
  all is good as it should be . 
  europe is not the wild west . 
  ( with acknowledging the fact that i post this on a website that is in the wild west / roflamo . ), 
  ah leave nz alone . 
  i 'm eyeing it as my future secret hideout once this eu project goes down in flames ... 
  haha they 're afraid of china buying up them . 
  heh we 're afraid too lol ... 
  well , the clown has spoken . 
  this time he is right tho lol ... 
  as i have said in 2014 they should have gone indy in that ref . 
  they could have been full time eu members by now on their own merits . 
  fuck spain and catalonia , they are just whiny , poor bitches . 
  well telekom is doing some massive fiber laying here but it 's state sponsored to a good portion . 
  they are in my street but i have an adsl contract till march . 
  my internet connection speed is really killing me lol ... 
  pirates ahoy !, 
  canada is not stupid ( and eu is n't too ) . 
  they could tax thru the nose any usa company that wants to trade thru canada . 
  by the time us goods arrive here , their price wo n't be competitive . 
  it 's a very huge deal for canadians but i think it will be good for us too . 
  calm down , trudeau !, 
  it will be signed . 
  this is the eu , things do n't happen overnight lol ... 
  well , it 's no denying russia has crazy big influence here . 
  but so does germany . 
  basically it 's everything is either german or russian ( what could go wrong lol ) . 
  so it 's all good in the end . 
  this article is nothing just british fear mongering lol . 
  let 's hope you really give it thought this time . 
  because if you ever got this referendum this will be the last one for hundreds of years to come methinks . 
  look at it this way . 
  usa , australia , india , japanese companies will need proxy companies in eu . 
  countries where the workforce can speak proper everyday english from janitors to ceos . 
  currently that 's only ireland . 
  well i blame eu too . 
  we 've left the remain campaigners alone . 
  a few students in london wo n't change the hard-liner countryfolks . 
  i know this because even in my country the countryside is lagging at least 1 century behind . 
  not many in this country , true , lol . 
  years ago ( ages ago ) i worked with an iranian mathematician dude . 
  he was a very bright fellow , very quiet and very clever . 
  since then i had no contact with any arab people . 
  i have seen a few since i 've been living near a uni but otherwise i have n't seen any . 
  ( other than during last year 's migration crisis where i could n't get anywhere in this city . ), 
  heh i 'm glad my country does n't have to put up with this shit . 
  we have barely any muslims here , mostly businessmen and doctors . 
  very fine peeps . 
  yet a few years ago about a dentist it was revealed he was sending money to a middle-eastern organization that was supporting terrorism . 
  anyway , my view is christians and muslims do n't mix . 
  period . 
  we attacked them centuries ago . 
  they attack us now . 
  it takes an aboslutely cool and intelligent head to live on each other 's turf that not many can do it . 
  make britain great again !, 
  well , who knows you 're going isolationist . 
  that could end up in `` interesting '' political formations lol . 
  not necessarily communism ofc . 
  my opinion is it was stupid to vote for brexit . 
  i 'm no brit but i would have never voted to leave eu . 
  you do n't know what is it to live on the other side of the ( iron ) fence . 
  now you will . 
   ( no other country let as much european citizen enter their country , it could n't have happened elsewhere ) yeah , and tbh that 's the most visionary thing blair and cameron did . 
  it would be worth a standing ovation for blair whenever he 's passing by . 
  they opened their workforce market as soon as we eastern bloc joined . 
  pure genius . 
  and nowdays do you know how german hr persons recruit our doctors , healthcare workers , it guys ? 
  `` name a german city you want to work in and next day you can start to relocate . '', 
  i still ca n't believe brits voted for brexit . 
  you wo n't have much other choice . 
  even hollande said he wants a bloody brexit and he 's just a laughing stock of europe lol . 
  i think as soon as may triggers article 50 , you will be outside of eu in 1 month . 
  i expect constant 24/7 meetings . 
  it will be fast . 
  you will be made an example . 
  it wo n't fly and nobody will care because of language barrier . 
  in my country you ca n't sell foreign language content . 
  there 's no demand . 
  eu has no common language . 
  hehe fuck you , but good one lol . 
  anyways all brave frenchmen died in russia 200 years ago . 
  make britain great again !, 
  make britain great again !, 
  build a wall and make them pay for it !, 
  make britain great again !, 
  build a wall and make poles pay for it !!, 
  make britain great again !, 
  it 's only logical . 
  if this migrant crisis wo n't blow up europe then nothing will . 
  make britain great again !, 
  he means you need to throw out your old tv , throw out your old land line phone and put a wifi card into your computer .
