  here in the 21st century a few minutes long medical examination could show if the girl was actually harassed . 
  let 's hope heads will roll because of this farce . 
  if they accept it that will start a brain drain ... mark my words . 
  it means ukraine needs to get its shit together , too . 
  so eu and russia can concentrate solving the syrian problem . 
  otherwise we deport migrants to ukraine roflmao ... 
  diverse systems are fine as long as they can work together . 
  nato guarantees this , so we are fine with whatever weaponry every country has . 
  well , welcome to a new world where old rules do not apply ... 
  let the woman rest , send in merkel . 
  it 's a hard question for sure . 
  maybe uk is better off with the commonwealth + usa . 
  it would be interesting to see germany 's free reign over europe . 
  maybe this time molotov-ribbentrop pact would actually stick lol ... 
  well , i 'm rooting for uber . 
  taxi companies are stuck in the 80 's . 
  it 's a rude awakening but they need it . 
  sad , also merkel must go . 
  she will destroy germany and with it all europe . 
  srsly what the fuck that woman thinks about migrants in that numbers ... 
  well , here 's a warm fuck you . . l. . but yes those who can speak hungarian are always welcome . 
  a fine ship . 
  `` get to know your work colleagues '' , `` start dating swedes '' ... rofl works for probably every country in the world ... 
  we still use gr\u00fazia . 
  yep and let 's be honest , italians have always great influence on our country since the roman empire times ( pre huns ) . 
  and the italian renaissance , etc. 
  shame we got on the opposite end in ww1 . 
  i blame the habsburgs lol ... 
  best news today ... 
  and chinese lol ? 
  interesting . 
  also if brits want to go then let them go . 
  germany if merkel does n't kill the country outright will have a free reign in eu . 
  i 'm eagerly looking forward if they can really build the 4th reich but this time without the genocide agenda and weapons ... my secret plan b is new-zealand if germany self-destroys or steers eu into the wrong direction ( again lol ... ), 
  yep , i 'm proud of our jews . 
  it 's a shame how we treated them back then . 
  also a lot seems to come back from israel . 
  it 's like the whole district vii is a mini-israel . 
  it would n't fly . 
  austria has too much money . 
  we would end up doing what wien says . 
  again lol ... 
  that 's probably the effect of the 40 year long soviet occupation . 
  tho i would need to check last 25 years ' numbers . 
  well , middle-east and now africa seems to sink into a religious war . 
  i 'm pacifist but i 'm starting to think mabbe the bush clan was right . 
  infinite justice was needed . 
  maybe you need to install west backed despots all over arab countries and in africa . 
  the only problem is how putin will react to this . 
  but first a very strong border force where you can channel our european warmongering . 
  good . 
  and welcome . 
  i just want to point out that adjusting to a post communist era is not easy . 
  i have never seen countries in such a disarray like poland and hungary . 
  and the problem is in current world politics you ca n't tell what is good or wrong . 
  it basically comes down to whether your country is functioning or not . 
  and sheeps vote accordingly . 
  hehe nice , anyway what did nietzsche say ... oh yeah , stare into the abyss and the abyss stares back at you . 
  elect trump and the work is finished . 
  ... . and now we are the bad guys ... good fucking riddance . 
  they should try putin or trump lol ... 
  leave the internet pls ... 
  forza azzurri will kill y' all ... roflamo ... 
  ah , finally we 're there . 
  please do n't hurt us cristiano !, 
  finally . 
  ca n't believe we 're moving forward with this problem . 
  it 's like everyone is coming to his senses ... 
  shaken , not stirred !, 
  no western nations will go ever into civil war again . 
  that could mean disruption to their iphones , netflix subscription , facebook and whatnot ... that could never happen !!, 
  ! 1 but tbh this is a good thing hehe ... 
  then ww1 hit , a shame . 
  heh now that 's something !, 
  finally . 
  unbelievable . 
  something happening . 
  hooray . 
  good . 
  now they can go back ukraine where they belong . 
  history is solving itself . 
  uk has a big military and brits are not afraid to use it . 
  respect for that . 
  so uk is fine . 
  also this migrant crisis is just a symptom . 
  problem is daesh and assad . 
  both needs to be removed . 
  and fast . 
  daesh with force , assad thru election . 
  then everyone can go the fuck home . 
  and all of them will end up in bavaria , no matter where you put them ... 
  blame merkel . 
  * requires good english knowledge . 
  omg turkey . 
  the fuck are you doing ... 
  in peace time merkel would be ok . 
  but this is not peace time . 
  europe has an islamic migrant crisis , middle-east is occupied by fundamentalists and paris was blown up . 
  you need thatcher not merkel . 
  i do .
