  i 'm sad ... 
  this western warmongering is stunning ... putin knows he can only lose in any open war . 
  ukraine was and still in disarray , they pissed away their economic strength during the 90 's and 2000 's . 
  of course russia will take back crimea . 
  and ukraine still does n't do shit . 
  iraq and afghanistan is a pretty good indication what happens to a defeated country . 
  ( became a testing ground for experimental weaponry lol ... ) russian people do n't want that . 
  they crave western lifestlye not hate it ... 
  tbh i 've read an article where they said scotland could be uk 's greencard to stay in the eu . 
  whatever happens england ca n't stay in eu without losing some face tho ... 
  it seems noone is immune to demagogue nationalism ... next coming up trump 2016 ... 
  yep , it 's lesson to us all . 
  too close to moskva . 
  like udo kier said , germany is a bad place . 
  a small country and full of germans roflamo ... 
  it 's always the lower educated people in the rural areas ... 
  it 's the same in every country ... 
  bring london too please !, 
  good , can london join scotland and come back to eu too ? 
  make britain great again !, 
  british absurd humor ? 
   more countries will likely leave do n't be so sure about this . 
  on the continent everyone feels european . 
  we love to bash eu but that 's because of history . 
  also bad apples should be removed immediately . 
  the eu fears of domino effect . 
  but as much as we love to bash the eu we would never vote for leave . 
  gchq will have a very hard time . 
  it 's now just a 3rd party hostile spy agency like kgb , cia or chinese intelligence . 
  there will be an emergency meeting on tuesday where cameron is supposed to show up . 
  they say he will trigger article 50 at that time . 
  a famous old song in my country : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjxewss92iu, 
  good . 
  and bring back london too . 
  i like that city . 
  i hope our fellow britons wo n't suffer the consequences of these idiots doings . 
  i say bring out those ropes and use those lamp posts for something . 
  uk left eu , spain did n't . 
  uk left eu , spain did n't . 
  big difference . 
  next up koreas ... 
  french will veto it . 
  hollande said `` irreversible '' . 
  well , shit ... 
  tbh a worldly , democratic muslim country would n't be bad to join the western world . 
  erdogan is a no go . 
  and turkey too until they stop electing that idiot . 
  i think kurdistan will have a chance after the daesh war . 
  they do n't treat their women like animals and that 's a huge thing in a muslim country . 
  well , it 's recovering quite nicely . . 
  i 'm very glad this will be over in a few hours . 
  the whole idea of the referendum was stupid . 
  you ca n't reform an institution from the outside ... at least this will push eu for more reforms lol ... 
  how did he found out lol ... 
  true dat . 
  also china and india is exploiting their population as slaves . 
  like foxconn 's suicide nets around their factories , 12 hours workdays , etc. 
  with automation those jobs can come back to europe and those governments can think about how to treat properly their people . 
  make britain great again 2016 !, 
  i 'm glad this will be over in 2 days . 
  make britain great again !, 
  ( and we can focus on championship again lol ... ), 
  `` far-fetched '' rofl ... 
  i 've lost an uncle fighting the soviets in 1956 . 
  basically every family in my country lost someone in 1956 while europe was twiddling its thumbs rofl ... 
  well , they would be of course a faction . 
  but unfortunately got is about the yorks and lancasters ... 
  much better heh ... 
  i had an itt nokia music center somewhere in the 80 's . 
  and now its all angry birds and clash of clans lol ... 
  i knew there will be a new molotov-ribbentropp pact as soon as brits leave ... come trump there will be a yalta-ii ... wonderful times ahead ... 
  juncker gone mad ... we need less weapon not more . 
  harden up frontex , rest of the money put in space exploration . 
  tbh we need more sea food . 
  at least hungary does . 
  yep . 
  when you leave eu i suggest setting up firing squads at dover because french will open up the floodgates of the jungle ... 
  hmm , looks delicious . 
  if trump wins we all die . 
  humanity will die . 
  imagine mussolini with nuclear codes . 
  god bless fermi for fleeing italy ... 
  i 'm a firm believer that only you ( usa ) , china and russia will gain from brexit . 
  if it was n't for this i would be pro-brexit . 
  brits , do n't go . 
  just wait till the first few western citizens die of starvation . 
  things will change in a blink lol ... 
  not wasted but should be spent with more care . 
  orb\u00e1n is spending it hand over fist , tru dat , but this country has been basically rebuilt in the last 6 years . 
  just open your eyes ... 
  well , i 've never liked or voted for fidesz not even when they were liberal in 90 but this is a madly biased article . 
  i 'll try to rearrange some time and share my opinion on this ... 
  they ca n't even shake off the shackles of m$ windoze for crying out loud rofl ... 
  well , truth to be told small villages are shrinking , heck some are even disappearing . 
  but cities ( i live in a bigger city ) are as lively as ever . 
  i would say they 're getting overcrowded . 
  problem is people moving from small villages wo n't stop at cities but go further west . 
  we are on the verge of full automatization . 
  simply there wo n't be jobs for everyone . 
  especially in the blue collar section .
