  lock . 
  down . 
  europe . 
  and fuck all who wants more migrants in europe . 
  deport all migrants . 
  true . 
  also coming from the eastern bloc : a resounding / rofl . 
  of course not . 
  also brits have the commonwealth . 
  and colonies like your country lol . 
  well , it 's only logical as turkey loves erdogan . 
  or so i see from the elections lol . 
   this shortcut was accepted years ago and who accepted this ? 
  not me for sure ... they are not the same things . 
  europe ! = eu . 
  meaning i 'm pro europe but skeptic of united states of europe . 
  brexit will be a good opportunity to reorganize this whole mess . 
  i think the city would fled to frankfurt instead of paris ... but we will see . 
  i say if brits want to go , let them go . 
  hannibal ante portas . 
  it seems you speak english . 
  alone with that language skill you should be able to get a job . 
  do n't be a pussy . 
  nope . 
  the time is now . 
  or never but then germany will sink . 
  the main problem is what jobs and infrastructure can be exported to middle-east . 
  oil industry and tourism ca n't soak up that many people . 
  merkel has clearly gone mad . 
  good , keep up the good work bros. 
  what is happening ? 
  i see nothing . 
  sink every ships there before they can use . 
  and arrest traffickers . 
  aaaand she 's right . 
  you 'll see . 
  most bank will move to frankfurt . 
  i think we will just go back to the common market times . 
  but this time the eastern bloc will be there , too . 
  how those us marines say ... oh yes , we stand alone together . 
  this was true in the 20th century . 
  new economy is not about heavy industries . 
  you ca n't compete with chinese peons . 
  or for that matter fully automatic robot factories . 
  i dunno why this is so fucking hard to understand in continental europe ... 
  yes , a selfish populist idiot who does n't want a bataclan or a k\u00f6ln-like rape party in budapest . 
  can you blame him ? 
  look what usa did after wtc , they attacked 2 other sovereign countries . 
  and now look what hollande and merkel does ... selfies with muslims ... / roflmao, 
  oh my gosh ... srsly ... bcb pls , here 's the plan : 1 . remove daesh , 2 . remove or buyout kim jong-un , ( south korea is rich , they can pay out that idiot and let him run to china . ), 
  ... 4 . world peace . 
  brits !, 
  stop warmongering !, 
  read some russian classics instead . 
  i dunno what you think up north but russia wo n't start a war up there . 
  they took back crimea because ukraine is in disarray ( and they still do n't know what to do in that country , poroshenko has n't got a faintest fart what to do with ukraine ) . 
  nordic countries are nato and eu , they are a whole other matter . 
  only eu is destroying itself , not the individual countries . 
  unfortunately in the 90 's we should have been more courageous . 
  we just simply ran out of time . 
  this is no longer the 90 's . 
  uphold democratic norms as trump would ... / roflmao anyways , we will see how president donald trump will uphold those democratic norms . 
  i will watch cnn with a huge bowl of popcorn in november ... 
  figuratively speaking . 
  anyways orb\u00e1n sees educational institutes as the last bastions of liberalism . 
  he will tear them down and give them to churches ... 
  dude you have a naval fleet ( we dont ) use it . 
  disable and confiscate the traffickers ships . 
  brits want out , that 's clear w/o even rt lol ... 
  the conditions are so harsh that no gypsies will come close to fulfill them . 
  yep , i think everyone needs to calm the fuck down and take a few steps back . 
  if they do n't allow hijab , burka , turban , fez or whatever clothing it 's only logical that you wo n't wear a kipa in public . 
  ( and i 'm not jewish nor muslim . ), 
  local tvs mostly and local news portals that you never heard of lol ... ( and i just love reading comment sections and this subreddit . ), 
  glad you like it lol . 
  ( but i still stand by my opinion lol ... ), 
  rofl that writing ... srsly europe is like a 3000 years old project . 
  of course there will be bump on the road by this time . 
  and usa is what like 300 year . 
  they just barely become a country for crying out loud lol ... 
  not true . 
  for reference see : asian four tigers . 
  ( rofl we must overcome this western fixation lol ... ), 
  well please educate yourself it 's thru ssl . 
  also use firefox , ghostery , noscript , ff hello instead of skype . 
  yes it takes some minimal effort but if you wo n't value your privacy then others wo n't also rofl ... citizen four fights for your rights too . 
  well i have seen in a local store some bike with a smallish motor but it was still very visible . 
  this was like a year ago , i was pretty sure there will be a miniature version of it some day . 
  it seems this is the day lol ... 
  / rofl just let 's take a few steps back please . 
  we can speak of tv shows , video games or giant chain stores or what not . 
  the main thing uk has is the city . 
  the gigantic banking system with world spanning banks with ridiculous powers that are actually inside the eu . 
  once they are outside eu they wo n't be as powerful . 
  frankfurt will dictate everything . 
  ( in my head the scenario plays out as berlin and moscow will get much closer . 
  small nations will suffer but for relative well being we will give up a lot of things like we did in 2nd ww . 
  and the 4th reich will actually come to fruition this time but under a different name like eurasia union or some such . ), 
  but whateva uk has the right to leave but i think it will be a totally different world afterward ... 
   salem witch trial which took place in 17th century .
