  not that anyone minds lol ... lebensraum had a 40 year pause because of the soviets but now it 's back on track ... 
  a day late and a dollar short ... oops sry wrong continent lol . . 
  well , i would say he 's a cold blooded eu bureaucrat looking to make brexit his legacy . 
  i wo n't envy the brits lol ... 
  i dunno why bash may ... she was/is a remainer , she 's in damage control mode . 
  crucify cameron , he gambled uk 's future ... 
  nope , may is fine . 
  she won an election , she 's the legitimate , elected pm of britain . 
  also she 's ( or was ) a remainer . 
  it 's cameron to blame for brexit . 
  he screwed up everything . 
  well here 's one thing that helps us . 
  there is a law in my country if something was built with the help of eu then they must put a plaque or board saying this building or whatever was built with the help of eu . 
  literally anywhere i go i see eu flags on basically everything . 
  srsly i recently was at the doc and on the door there was a board `` with the help of norwegian government '' . 
  it 's helluva help if you see eu flags even on the benches in the street . 
  it was glorious ... lol . 
  absolutely true , absolutely approve . 
  oh man , now we are talking ... 
  sweden ? 
  then what happened to the vp of spotify ? ... 
  ca n't believe this shit ... 
  grat bros !, 
  they are super cheap . 
  while they killed off small general stores , noone can deny these are frugals paradise . 
  i feel right at home in them lol ... 
  yep , forget 50 cent and listen to conchita wurst ... ugh i 'm done with pop music lol ... 
  you can always buy an arm based nokia phone ( yeah the os ... ) , an arm based pinebook ( a notebook made in spain ) . 
  pretty much the only thing is google search ( unless you 're ok with yandex search lol ... ) that you ca n't dodge . 
  there are pretty ok films coming out of spain and uk lately . 
  and pretty sure you can find some medieval tv show instead of game of thrones , and watch doctor who instead of star trek lol ... 
   about what is going on in , say , hungary or denmark . 
  well that 's problem with smaller nations . 
  we are fewer than the population of moscow or new york lol ... 
   , germany actually has pretty low living costs . 
  haha try eastern-europe . 
  especially outside of big cities . 
  you can buy an actual house with a medium sized plot for 400 euros lol ... 
  not all visual novels are dating sims lol . . 
  dolan pls ... 
  ouch . 
  i 'm not tho . 
  hah so that 's why berlusconi did n't wan na leave lol ... 
  i 'm with the families and my country is doing its job to protect eu borders . 
  looks good , i 'm jelly ... 
  good , we have similar lol . . 
  / respect bros !, 
  if she takes a harder stance on migration then i 'm with her ... 
  oh yeah , the software and mobile biz . 
  now that will be a tough nut to crack with 27 different languages lol ... 
  yeah . 
  it 's freaking hard to detect your movement along y axis has ceased . 
  needs only a 1 euro gyroscope . 
  still a very strong econony , they will be fine after brexit . 
  transparency . 
  so far i like trump administration . 
  just send back eastern-europeans . 
  problem solved . 
  for both parties lol ... 
  you ca n't , really . 
  euro hurts any economy that is weaker than germany 's . 
  it 's the cold , hard truth . 
  omg ... 
  haha welcome to brexit lol ... 
  la la land !, 
  haha no . 
  eastern european countries ca n't wait till uk starts deporting back their citizens . 
  v4 will torpedo any deal to make this happen . 
  you can mark my words lol ... 
  then do it lol ... 
  yeah she 's going thru an election , my oppinion has changed because of this . 
  she 's an ok politician . 
  i blame cameron , he gambled , he did n't do everything to educate rural people about eu . 
  and let ukip ran amok . 
  problem is you can reform eu only from inside . 
  very nice . 
  more jews is a welcome news anywhere in the world . 
  put hungary on that list too plz . 
  i hear nothing but whining about workers shortage in the media allday lol . 
  yes dont lump together all americans . 
  remeber that 2 us soldier + 1 brit civil who disarmed that fuckwit maroccan dude on that paris train ? 
  they saved quite a few lives there . 
  thank you frenchies !, 
  so eu is a go !, 
  two words : boko haram . 
  erm ... ugh ... well at least i 'm content with usa not throwing the nukes on us lol ... would have been an interesting sight to see the ending of europe with nuclear craters lol ... 
  xxi century here we come !, 
  heh i thought it will be dublin ... 
  sweden would n't survive an exit . 
  england might but they will be out in the cold in 2 years . 
  then wait for 10 years to finalize a rough trade deal . 
  and another 5 years till all members sign it . 
  yeah , they will . 
  it 's the eu and usa . 
  yes , that 's the one . 
  migrant crisis needs to be solved at source . 
  there 's no other way . 
  w bush and blair will answer for the lost lives at sea . 
  veeery good !, 
  i hope france can stand up to germany and be an opposite pole .
