  sooner or later you need to demilitarize everyone in syria . 
  rebels , terrorists , islamists , everyone . 
  it 's in the bible lol . 
  yep , after a kurd blew up like 20 people at a demonstration . 
  yep , we need moar low emission vw engines . 
  ... ... or wait a sec ... 
  problem is , as soon as you give eu citizenship ( from any country ) to a migrant , he will just go to germany or whichever western country inviting them this week ... because this clip goes for all eastern bloc countries : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te, 
  i 'm all for this . 
  if turkey successfully spearheads this operation , i 'm pretty sure next year they will join the eu . 
  not that they are not already informally part of the union lol . 
  yep , refreshing . 
  but t\u00fcrks are an enlightened bunch . 
  they sure brought home some western qualities during their conquering . 
  also turkey is economically stable and they are the prime example you need to stabilize a country so moderates can rule . 
  go turkey !, 
  idiot bush went there because of wmd . 
  what wmds ? 
  ... usa is just destabilizing middle-east . 
  they are different culture and muslims and no problem with that . 
  partner with israel and bring there industry , know-hows and not bombs and tanks . 
  diversify , why do you put all of your eggs into one basket like china . 
  arabs are not dumb they invented mathematics and writing . 
  if you destroy the whole infrastructure and political leadership of course extremists will take over ... 
  good , finally she 's coming to her senses . 
  obama is too busy getting into angry birds ' hall of fame scoreboard . 
  someone has already posted the appropriate video in an earlier thread . 
  here you are : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te, 
  well , growing meat is still farther away and belongs to sci-fi . 
  but i have seen farm that employs only 1 dude per 1000 pigs . 
  everything was automated . 
  it was unbelievable . 
  i really do n't know what this 7 bill people will do in a few years ... 
  dude , just stop it . 
  2 offduty us soldiers saved hundreds of lives on a paris train just 2 weeks ago . 
  if anything their military expenditure is spot on . 
  i just wish their politicians would be more teamplayers and not prima donnas . 
  oh man , best clip ever . 
  could be told about the whole eastern bloc lol ... 
  i 'm crying with the girl too lol ... 
  not true . 
  merkel will continue inviting the whole world to germany . . 
  obama will continue playing angry birds on his iphone ... 
  carry on everyone . 
  nope . 
  you get it backward . 
  west is fucking around . 
  putin is doing something finally . 
  that 's too far and not the proper action . 
  step 1 . make camps in turkey , step 2 . clear out syria of nutjobs , step 3 . everyone goes the fuck home . 
  step 4 ( optional ) you get a visa and work wherever the fuck you want . 
  and the idiot germans . 
  but currently they have fallen so far it 's really an embarrassment ... 
  he 's fighting the islamic state in syria . 
  while obama is playing angry birds on his iphone ... 
  lol you wish . 
  the whole idea was about to not let germany reunite . 
  i vividly remember kohl had to court and give out blowjobs to bush and jelcin so ddr could join west-germany lol ... 
  too little , too late . 
  they need a general election to cancel brexit . 
  ... aaaand google is right . 
  i 'm for it . 
  also i would let them backpedal from brexit somehow . 
  if they would invade baltics then the armed response would n't come from europe that 's for sure . 
  but from the east like kamchatka . 
  then from siberia slowly eating up the their hinterlands . 
  without resources they could n't wage war . 
  then attacking their european territories from 2 sides . 
  and ultimately putting moscow under a western protectorate like hitler wanted lol . 
  the unknown of course is the usage of nuclear weps . 
  in siberia you can use nukes , in the western part of russia you ca n't , too many civilians . 
  for example japan is still miffed after 70 years . 
  problem is , trump is right . 
  bad news for ukraine for sure lol ... 
  make britain great again !, 
  they can only cancel brexit with a general election . 
  everyone should have resigned not just cameron . 
  then if farage or bojo would have won then it 's go ahead article 50 . 
  if remainers won then it 's canceled . 
  politicians are evil everywhere in the world . 
  ah , they are like : is it good for cheeseburger ? 
  then it 's crap . 
  they are already killing polish peeps lol . 
  make britain great again !, 
  yeah but poland is not an evil empire like china or usa . 
  and poor others too ? 
  well , he 's right ... 
  rofl another warmongering article from a british news site ... getting really old lol ... 
  hard to find words lol ... 
  what 's your problem with germans ? 
  they can keep up pretty tight security , just look at gestapo or stasi / roflamo ... 
  yeah , i dunno what 's so hard to understand , salah abdeslam is not refugee , bataclan terrosits are not refugees . 
  attendants of k\u00f6ln rape party were not refugees . 
  bombers at brussels airport were not refugees . 
  they are migrants who came thru greece , serbia and yes hungary too . 
  they are terrorists who want to kill you all in western-europe . 
  lol it 's a bitter pill to swallow but the sooner you do the better it will be later . 
  ubuntu , libreoffice , owncloud is not hard to learn , they are commercial grade solutions and truth to be told uk has one of the best software industry ( eg . 
  they can roll their own solutions if they fancy ) . 
  make britain great again !, 
  make britain great again !,
