  get your shits together turkey lol ... 
  they are filthy rich because half of the medicines currently i have to take is made there lol ... and they are not even the most expensive lol ... 
  yep , i need to move to south ... 
  o kurwa , the best swearing ever !, 
  you bros , will be the biggest winners of brexit . 
  unless scotland can go indy then you 2 will be . 
  good . 
  should have been done long ago . 
  and immigrant workers . 
  tbh whole eastern-europe is waiting on article 50 . 
  politicians ca n't wait till uk starts to deport eastern workers back . 
  uk shooting the bulldog is spot on . 
  o kurwa , it was n't bad . 
   shitty translantion with the help of google translate : yes , that 's it . 
  russians do n't speak french , you 're safe . 
  then ffs stop eating up putin 's propaganda and elect a proper leader who can act like a leader of a superpower ... america is going down the crapper , world leading position is up for grabs ... 
  the moral debt americans digging themselves into ... jeez . 
  i do n't envy their next president lol ... 
  i do n't believe this for a second . 
  i have n't seen more religious people than the germans . 
  mabbe the poles but they are building a theocracy so whateva ... cdu will win . 
   maybe elites are the most fit to rule . 
  rofl yeah , 2 wolves and a sheep voting on what 's for dinner lol ... 
  great pics !, 
  brilliant . 
  absolutely beautiful . 
  keep up the good fight bros !, 
  our dear leader orb\u00e1n ( and prolly all eastern bloc country ) ca n't wait till may shuts down free movement . 
  they want their worker bees back . 
  there 's a serious man shortage in these countries . 
  ( for these wages ofc lol ... ) i think may is n't informed properly about the situation here . 
  wo n't happen sry . 
  he deals in absolutes ? 
  well , you need to be very clever with your personal information with even usa companies . 
  ( for example , only apple and google have any personal info of me and that 's because of work . ), 
  these snowden films are really eyeopeners lol ... 
  the art of the deal . 
  wat ... you joined the allies lol . 
  if you would have joined us then ww1 would had been won easy . 
  hitler would be only a sergeant and no ww2 and no anti-semite shit . 
  naval warfare changed a lot back then . 
  royal navy or not a unified continent with german lead tech would have easily defeated both usa and russia . 
  both were mainly agricultural countries back then with russia being in total disarray and usa wanted no wars after their bloody civil war . 
  good , finally ... 
  problem is schulz has the same idiotic view about migrants as merkel . 
  so merkel might as well can stay . 
  good . 
  last chance , fellas . 
  petition your mps to bring back common sense ... 
  blah blah blah it means nothing . 
  they have a passive thing called native english speaking . 
  and that 's a so yuge thing , they do n't need to do anything . 
  maybe work on their accent a little but nothing serious lol ... 
   if it was just western & northern europe . 
  haha , no cherry-picking lol ... 
  haha that 's true . 
  tho nowdays we need british tanks in eastern-europe lol ... 
  tbh i still think we would need the cocky brits . 
  i still hope their parliament cancels brexit . 
  i envy you , bros !, 
  keep up the good fight !, 
  big deal . 
  still , in spite of this everyone wants to be in eu . 
  so all is good . 
  all banks will go to dublin . 
  they speak english . 
  on the continent it 's just second language . 
  let 's not be naive . 
  germany controls eu by financial means . 
  problems is france had always better grasp on world politics than germany . 
  like ever . 
  it 's just no country can match german efficiency on this planet . 
  ok mabbe japan but they are busy dying working . 
   unless the eu itself changes . 
  yeah , it will change into greater germany . 
  i just hope germans wo n't be cocky enough to name it simply germany lol ... 
  cognac , brandy , vodka even our p\u00e1linka is much better . 
  try milka then . 
  ( yeah i know it got bought out by kraft too lol ... ) try nutella . 
  or a kinder egg . 
  zero need to go to uk for a good chocolate . 
  brexit is a go lol ... 
  that 's why may said the visa is here to stay for indians . 
  read the whole article . 
  i criticize only her migration politics . 
  it 's crap . 
  or worse . 
  in finland you 're fine . 
  using euro 's main question is can you match german efficiency ? 
  finland can , southern countries ca n't . 
  lol on wat planet ? 
  it 's going down the crapper lol ... http://imgur.com/a/8vfpn, 
  a titanic success ... 
  a total trainwreck . 
  titanic success . 
  the whole eastern bloc was full of ladas and wartburgs . 
  it 's was n't yesterday for sure lol ... 
  we wish lol ... anyways i had a suzuki for a very long time , good cars really ... 
  if russia would attack the baltics then that would be the end of russia as free state . 
  the asian part of would go under japan , usa , canada and australia protectorate and the european part would be under eu occupation .
