hehe france leading the eu hehe ... what is this ? 
  the 1810 ? 
  lol ... 
  let 's juts say your politicians that brave because of commonwealth and the usa . 
  the rippling effect of victorious ww2 . 
  still i think germany since the reunion is mismanaging its present and future . 
  it 's a dwarf political power between the anglo-saxon west and putin and chinese dominated east . 
  they should act like it . 
  continental europe would follow them . 
  where 's tyler durden when we need him ? 
  nope , eu will be never 1 country . 
  economically we are crosslinked but we are too diverse nations to unite in 1 country . 
  yep , interesting contrast nonetheless . 
  the difference is that fence kept us out and the current fence is to keep us in . 
  i 'm pretty sure japanese carmakers will make a comeback in eu . 
  i dunno if the vw as brand will survive this ... 
  well , you ca n't have it all yaknow ... you 're the biggest carmaker in the world ( or certainly the most expensive lol ... ) . 
  nope , just arab immigrants lol ... 
  yes , that 's why . 
  it tells shit . 
  it 's log based because you need to display 100 as well as 100k . 
  haha spin doctors have arrived ... 
  money . 
  becaaaaaause it was mostly you the uk and usa . 
  and you know muslims view on the us . 
  for this upcoming crusade you will need to win putin and merkel . 
  only a very broad coalition ( eg not only anglo-saxons ) can clear up the mass in the middle-east . 
  i mean us and russia could veto each other and it was fine . 
  but yeah it was more of un 's security council that prevented another war . 
  but nowdays the whole thing is a farce . 
  un ran its course , have done its job . 
  winded down the world after ww2 and prevented a ww3 . 
  but in the 21st century it 's just a lame duck . 
  what about islamic state ? 
  or taliban ? 
  are they ok ? 
  only europe is guilty ? 
  omg ... 
  `` tarnished europe 's image '' ... . . haha lol here 's what really tarnished europe 's image . 
  1 . not giving a shit about islamic state , 2 . not giving a shit about boko haram , 3 . not giving a shit about the rest of the trash terror groups . 
  it 's not a `` refugee crisis '' this is an invasion . 
  also , refugees are welcome to hungary but migrants must have to legally enter the country and eu . 
  yep , i think the music was way too much but whateva ... hope migrants get the message . 
  come legally or do n't come at all . 
  dude , just calm down . 
  irish were having it rough too . 
  they are born freedom fighters . 
  just look at scotts , they are firmly attached to the tits of brits lol . 
  dude , net contribution means you 're a strong country and can stand on your own . 
  this is about eastern bloc countries who need western money to actually functioning . 
  of course putin is standing on the side waiting to swoop in for his old comrades lol ... 
  i actually started to dust off my russian language because i 'm pretty sure this whole migration thing wo n't end well . 
  as soon as germany ( and sweden ) closes down its borders , hungary closes down theirs too . 
  ( also half of our camps are empty . 
  migrants say they do n't give a shit about our country lol . ), 
  yep , it 's the beginning of the endgame . 
  ... and corrected . 
  true . 
  also you do n't need linux to use libreoffice . 
  but using any american software in military ( or in public administration ) is a big lol ... 
  yep , and once merkel sorts them out , the rest she will deport them back here . 
  no thank you . 
  send troops to syria . 
  oh , yes it does . 
  they will go home fair and square . 
  true . 
  and tbh no one would start an open war nowdays . 
  they would be ridiculed on the internet . 
  and that 's the worst thing ever . 
  rofl how nice of them lol ... 
  well , uk has a better track record dealing with muslims yaknow . 
  from the crusades up to this date , that 's a close 1000 years . 
  anyway , merkel really dropped the ball this time , there 's no better word for it . 
  it 's not that easy . 
  putin wants a share of the syrian cake too . 
  might be true . 
  also i think this is the solution . 
  lol norway is oil . 
  dubai is oil , sand and sunshine . 
  after fossil fuels deplete then the age of quartz and solar energy will come . 
  dubai wins again . 
  nope . 
  merkel said herself that everyone will go home ( expect tech workers , dentists and children willing to learn german ) . 
  also , cameron said refugee camps need to built at the syrian borders where people can wait it out till assad dies of old age . 
  because nor trump nor hillery nor putin will remove that asshat . 
  yep , that 's right . 
  eastern-europe is too poor for them . 
  heh good for us , but they are right lol ... 
  i say let those dudes have a round with this attorney cecilie schloss mills . 
  what you need to understand : `` refugees '' do n't want to stay in your dirt poor eastern-european country , they want to go to germany and uk . 
  they said this into camera a few days ago here . 
  `` good article '' and please take out cameron 's dick from your mouth . 
  all these talk about putin attacking someone . 
  russia ca n't start an open war . 
  humanity has missed its chance at a proper ww3 lol ... we are well past that time . 
  tbh good . 
  putin 's first sane step as a proper world power . 
  put them on train and ship them to germany . 
  merkel loves them . 
  i know it 's a cheap shot , but i laughed my ass off following your referendum .
