  first load is free if you know what i mean ... do n't close the page . 
  and it will never stop . 
  unless someone commits even more atrocious massacre . 
  i think germany should just withdraw from world politics and keep doing only heavy industries . 
  the bitching will never stop !, 
  * will be united under trump 's rules . 
  yeah , cheap ( er ) labor is not necessarily a bad thing . 
  and that 's why this european usa nightmare will never come true . 
  pupils e.g. 
  18 year old adults ... 
  but coming from a british newspaper ... kinda ironic ... ( i love british humor before anyone asks rofl ... ), 
  my god ... good !, 
  very good !, 
  of course it was n't . 
  it was pershing vs the the evil nazi zombies !, 
  ! 1 / facepalm ea ... 
  yeah but you have sochi which is a very nice place . 
  good luck , great britain . 
  he expects countries start pulling their weight . 
  including mine lol ... 
  very good news . 
  so there 's hope for russia afterall ... 
  yeah , it 's impressive . 
  but you only need to know english . 
  then you can download google translate on your phone ... lol, 
  black women of finland . 
  why no asian women ? 
   minors wars yeah , vietnam 2 in iraq and vietnam 3 in afghanistan . 
  vietnam 4 is currently unfolding in syria . 
  now that 's true . 
  but england is a strong and wealthy country , you will be fine . 
  poland is best again haha ... 
  no , not brown please . 
  brexit is on cameron . 
  he was n't able to let go of power . 
  and when brexit was on the table he was campaigning only half-hearted for remain . 
  he should have toured the countryside , telling what is eu to the countryfolks . 
  ya know , it 's easier to ship them back lol ... 
  happy !, 
  no they 're not . 
  finally world economy is recovering fast so they could n't choose a better time to exit eu . 
  but why did they choose to exit that 's a mystery . 
  noone knows what 's up with anglo-saxons these days ... 
  yeah , a good day to shake fist at austria and russia lol ... 
  heh good job netherlands !, 
  just do what orb\u00e1n says . 
  close down mediterranean sea , build refugee camps in libya and syria . 
  everything else is just treating symptoms . 
  we need to solve the shit left behind by the usa and uk locally . 
  erdogan must go . 
  really go . 
  he 's holding back turkey . 
  that 's our secret , captain . 
  matolcsy 's secret weapon is to keep us in the slums . 
  the whole economy is built around this . 
   seeing germany as `` taking over europe '' well , that 's on france and uk . 
  only germans ( and co , like dutch , austrians ) believed in eastern-europe . 
  of course germans won over eastern-europe . 
  south is another thing , they needed money and germany had plenty of it . 
  uk was busy being in the ass of bush and obama while france was busy not being the ass of the aforementioned lol ... 
  man , turkey really goes down the shitter these days ... sad ... 
  o kurwa , i do n't like this at all . 
  a shame really . 
  so frexit canceled ? 
  or just postponed ? 
  but let 's be honest , even those who do n't need visas , still need to register and go thru some screening . 
  i do n't blame america for this since sept 2001 . 
  but this really closed down an era ... 
  `` o kurwa '' , and you 're set . 
  interesting when germans have the moral highground lol ... 
  yes this is our navy !, 
  omg i need to move south ... 
  battery is long dead tho . 
  well , what can i say . 
  it 's hard to not buy german goods when they are universally just good and work . 
  tho i wish they would be at least half the designers than the italians lol ... 
  waiting for poland ( lol ) ... 
  just send back eastern-european workers . 
  that is all . 
  almost : cup , raspberry , pancake . 
  ( heh and i had to use a translator lol . 
  i would use glass of water , i thought it was strawberry , pancake i did know lol ... ), 
  if greece leaves eurozone then there will be peeps there who dies of starvation . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  salaries are raising rapidly but still well below western-europe . 
  ugh , no you do n't . 
  here 's the secret : every eastern-european city wanted ( and still wants ) to be paris . 
  and only 2 succeeded , budapest and prague . 
  even moscow wanted to be paris . 
  you know if you ca n't be london at least be paris hah ... 
  so the 2 wannabe paris is at least cheaper than the original . 
  good i agree . 
  alternative facts !, 
  make britain great again !, 
  immigration , oh yeah ... you ca n't believe how eagerly our politicians are waiting for brits to throw out eastern workers lol ... tbh i think most of them will just relocate to holland or germany tho . 
  hilti is from liechtenstein . 
  they make the best tools in the world . 
  whateva just send back our workers as you promised with brexit lol ... 
  hey turkey !, 
  tombili pics were better .
