  tbh you at barcelona have the best chance to be a silicon valley . 
  rest of the mediterranean is going toward tourism . 
  ( and migrants lol ... ), 
  make britain great again !, 
  i hope the eu bureaucrats realize that there are many eu citizens whose livelihood depends on apple and google . 
  please junkcer do n't fuck this up . 
  it 's bad enough they persecuted linus torvalds . 
  srsly while it 's a master peace , it can be told in 1 short sentence . 
  the glorious mother russia kicks out napoleon from the country , plus some hidden class warfare to further the early commie propaganda . 
  that 's my problem with books . 
  even lord of the rings ' 3000 pages can be told in 1 sentence and you wo n't miss much . 
  a short man visits and climbs a forbidden mountain and throws a ring into it , saving the world for the cancer-like humans while the glorious elves leave in disgust for west . 
  true , they are hanging out on youtube , twitch or some random chat app . 
  and tbh i dunno if this is a bad thing or not ... 
  well , guess what is next year in germany ? 
  that 's right !, 
  election time !, 
  could be true . 
  orb\u00e1n is keeping the wages intentionally very low . 
  of course it ends in corruption . 
  represent ffs ... 
  `` slowest and leakiest ship . '' heh , that would be us . 
  erm ... nope we do n't even have ships lol ... 
  yeah , finally someone is doing something in syria instead of fucking around and look like an idiot . 
  hello putin ? 
  same here , we have like 68 % . 
  they had it easy . 
  we had the glorious red army and their glorious dicks . 
  for 40 years lol ... 
  well yeah , there 's lotsa crap shoveled together in that article . 
  it 's very simple , migration will kill off eu . 
  nothing could but this will be the thing that will put an end to it if thing wo n't turn around very fast . 
  attn !, 
  millennial detected !, 
  no you daft . 
  it works because australia has a strong migrant policy , and germany does n't . 
  if you keep merkel in office , in a few years sharia will rule germany . 
  just wait till the donald takes the office . 
  then us troops will leave europe and we will be left with a weak minded merkel and hollande to fend for ourselves . 
  who will help you against the sea of migrants ? 
  putin ? 
  have been saying this for years . 
  but there 's a point when you must accept the truth , that you have failed . 
  i think this is the time when you assume the siege mentality . 
  ( and you ca n't really blame the muslims , we have done this to them like 1000 years ago . ), 
  the big reversal will be when the donald takes the office . 
  this political correctness will die at that very moment . 
  ( the only question mark is ofc putin . 
  will he start the occupation of europe on the next day ? 
  ... tune in and find out in november ! ), 
  this was news item here too . 
  good job poland . 
  i just heard about this celtic union thing . 
  if scots and irish pull this that will be the coolest name on the map currently . 
  straight out of some fantasy . 
  i hope they capitalize on this druid thing lol ... 
  all of eastern-europe has gone to spain ( and uk ) to work . 
  why on earth would you come here lol ? 
  anyways if you speak english and spanish you can find a job under 30 secs . 
  ( not just here but anywhere in the world . ), 
  problem is , as always , the salaries . 
  china will have free reign in uk ... well that will be interesting to say the least lol ... 
  good , without looking at the article i say double their budget without a second thought . 
  oh non no no , it 's just the latest fad from orb\u00e1n . 
  we need a properly equipped frontex , not a grande armee . 
  big army and europe do n't mix well lol . 
  make britain great again . 
  yalta 2 . 
  we all knew this . 
  trump does not care about europe . 
  ( and tbh why should he ... ), 
  srsly turkish army is more democratic than their politicians . 
  hats off to their army . 
  respect . 
  it 's very sad it had to come to this . 
  i would have actually preferred if rich turkish expats would actually spend money to educate people about democracy . 
  i hear east and middle turkey is still massively erdogan believer . 
  ( just like we have orb\u00e1n believers in the countryside rofl . ), 
  yeah salah abdeslam is not that photogene roflmao ... 
  yeah , us too . 
  i 'm a pacifist but even i can see the importance of this . 
  grat , it was a great match . 
   taken for granted until removed . 
  yeah , that should be the motto of humanity in the 21st century ... 
  yeah , greeks could n't do this but you were brave enough rofl ... 
  make britain great again !, 
  jeez looks very good . 
  if you have full hd version please upload it . 
  need it for wallpaper ty . 
  i say more british gentlemen on the continent ( this time w/o arms lol ) . 
  we need more of this , god bless brexit . 
  do n't think that for a minute . 
  ocober and november will be about the usa . 
  i dunno what 's up with anglo-saxons this year rofl ... 
  tbh all of eastern and central europe could use some british immigration . 
  shame it wo n't happen but i would be totally cool with it ... 
  spain should shut up . 
  and cherish the money mama merkel sends their way roflamo ... 
  so it has started ... 
  the great shitstorm of our time ...
