  i 'm not surprised . 
  i hope budapest steps down too . 
  we 're nor london nor beijing . 
  those are civilization 's capitals . 
  heh nice pic but whateva daesh must go . 
  dude , i feel you . 
  you will have quite a crap to clean up after merkel is gone ... as for us it 's the opposite if you do n't have a flag in the house you are not hungarian . 
  the frack is that ... we are reaching rumsfeld-like lows in this country ... 
  good , it 's a start . 
  well , first you do n't shoot down non hostile warplanes over a 2km crossing . 
  second , you do n't cross any border without asking permission first . 
  both sides erred . 
  who does n't lol ... anyway , i think we should go back to an extended eec . 
  we are really just a bunch of sovereign nations , we are not the usa . 
  eu seems to be just a lame duck . 
  well , they crossed the border true . 
  but srlsy why did n't they defend themselves . 
  are su-24 's that shit ? 
   they wo n't have much trouble migrating back to germany yep , that 's the thing . 
  noone will stay in bulgaria , romania or hungary . 
  even hungarians do n't stay in hungary rofl ... 
  finally . 
  i ca n't believe europe is finally back on track ... 
  i have fucking enough of this european guilty conscience ... 
  good , finally something is happening . 
  heh it only took 140 civil lives for cameron to put down his angry birds game ... not bad . 
  why does n't putin buy crimea off of ukraine ... paying with fossils or cash or whatever ... 
  for the love of god , do not link paywalled content !, 
  heh lol after is is done , assad is next . 
  let 's hope he goes voluntarily . 
  then every migrants can return home . 
  yes . 
  oh yes kurds . 
  the next conflict . 
  the reason for the next war . 
  i too think kurds need autonomy at the minimum . 
  but i think they could pull their weight as a sovereign country , too . 
  turkey and iraq will go war over this . 
  you just ca n't form a country unless the land you give them is yours . 
  for reference look at israel/palestine . 
  he got killed in a war . 
  this happens in wartime to people . 
  fucking close down the whole europe . 
  nobody moves . 
  shame you 're right . 
  but i too think the internet is the best invention since the usage of fire . 
  i think ( and this article fortifies me in this ) that formal education is on the verge of being utterly useless . 
  jobs lol ... matrix was right . 
  90 % of all people will be redundant in less than 20 years . 
  as disappointing as our election was roflamo ... 
  tsipras is the culprit . 
  if he would let us help guard the eu 's borders there would be no migrants . 
  with borders secured we could focus on solving conflicts in middle-east . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  who would have thought ... 
  well , noble intentions . 
  let 's see if they actually follow it thru . 
  syrian migrants grab onto your genitals you 're going home . 
  yes , that one : cars . 
  yeah dominating ... ... . . with imported directors and actors from all over the world . 
  of course they 're dominating all nations ... 
  wtf japan ... we go weaboo , they become europeans ... dafuq . 
  we are always interested . 
  what more , anyone who speaks hungarian or willing to learn the language is encouraged to come over and live here . 
  this was implied many times by our politicians , for decades now . 
  nope . 
  also let daft punk tell you about the situation : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dmkdvviehby, 
  every bit helps . 
  do n't anthropomorphize the country plz . 
  we 're hungarians not anglo-saxons . 
  `` its '', 
  every country was ready to send troops ( v4s certainly ) . 
  but tsipras refused the help . 
  the whole eu looks like an every man for himself , it 's getting utterly ridiculous . 
  if we 're at entertainment industry ... 
  i think you should push dudes like that tarkan was in the 90 's . 
  one of his song was top of the list for weeks here . 
  ssh , ssl , gpg , vpn , tox , etc etc etc. . . use them , they are there for a reason . 
  yep , and we all thought french foreign legion could take care of africa . 
  omg frenchies ... ... 
  your country accepted the quotas , mine never will . 
  your country will accept ttip , mine never will . 
  there , done . 
   rehabilitation program for vulnerable teenagers jeez , that 's fucking mean . 
  agricultural work is always good and could be recreational but not thru slavery ... 
  srsly who would anschluss moldova ? 
  noone is that carzy lol ... 
  tax heavens, 
  it 's a pressure toward united earth government from star trek . 
  but whateva we will cry ... 
  yeah , germany has a lot of baggage , but srlsy merkel is just overcompensating . 
  they carry the whole eu minus the uk , that 's enough . 
  anyone working toward solving the syrian conflict even half-assed is a hero in europe . 
  done . 
  there were many anti-erdogan demonstrations . 
  that 's the sign of democracy . 
  just like here , there are many anti-orb\u00e1n movements . 
  well , you need to make some sacrifices when you live between nazis and commies rofl ... whateva v4 go !, 
  hope to see moar polish comrades here !, 
  at least he 's doing something .
