  i think i will use it lol ... 
  heh this brexit makes less and less sense with erry day ... srsly cameron must be proud of he could make a clown out of an advanced country like uk ... 
  yanks are doing everything with predators now . 
  f-35 's are just for show off on july 4th . 
  everything is a straight bankruptcy on that plane . 
  well , that 's what you get when you leave alone budding democracies . 
  the west was preoccupied with their own problems in the 90 's . 
  in 2000 's noone knew if the eastern bloc was even alive . 
  well , here we are in the present with orb\u00e1ns , kaczynskies , erdogans ... hint : you need to actually help and nurture newly born democracies or you get tiny mussolinis all over the place ... 
  i do n't envy millennials tho . 
  they had it rough . 
  invention of internet in 90 , the ending of cold war . 
  it was a shock therapy for all . 
  then the shitstorm that was 9/11 and the abrupt end of the 90 's then 2008 economic crisis it was all shit . 
  gen-z have it better . 
  gen-xers are raising them , the last generation with pre-internet memory and who are also familiar with tech . 
  it 's an unbelievable lucky combination . 
  let 's be real currently germany holds the entire europe under its thumb . 
  this time not with tigers but with seemingly unlimited amount of euros . 
  currently noone 's bitching and moaning because everything is in upswing . 
  it 's rather a freaking shame brits picked the very worst time to exit eu . 
  we would need their cockiness to stand up to germany . 
  let 's hope macron will be enough for the task . 
  close the ports , jail the ngos . 
  they are human trafficking . 
  education , there 's no other way . 
  shame ... 
  we all like brits . 
  yeah , beautiful city . 
  if shit hits the fan here , i will move down there . 
  of course it 's a mistake . 
  anyways negotiate the deal then when it 's ready do a final vote on it . 
  hmm i really thought banks will go to dublin ... 
  impound ngo 's ships before they board it . 
  id them on the sea . 
  coast guards can legally harass anyone on the sea . 
  revoke their ship permit . 
  anything just do something ... 
  good , hurry up plz . 
  i need my snes mini cheap please . 
  good , finally . 
  yes that 's the main problem with soros . 
  shame lol ... 
  good , i have a lots of hope for this dude !, 
  soros for the rescue lol ... 
  finally lol ... 
  / respect, 
  haha i knew it ... 
  not good ... 
  just do it . 
  depends on where you were . 
  the capital is leftist and liberal , quite healthy politically . 
  countryfolks are orb\u00e1n believers . 
  they think orb\u00e1n is jesus christ himself . 
  anyways , in a relatively poor country whoever controls the money , controls the country . 
  financial crisis of 2008 has really made the bed for orb\u00e1n to win everything in 2010 . 
  eu money , eu 's shitty migrants handling , bataclan , manchester arena keeps orb\u00e1n in power . 
  because every football club wants to be in premier league . 
  ya ` know if you ca n't be real madrid at least be in pl . 
  why could n't she do this like 1 year ago ? 
  we would n't be in this shit show now . 
  negotiating about nothing while trump , putin and the chineese are destroying the world ... 
  amusement : doing nothing . 
  rofl i ca n't say this is false lol ... 
  just send over salah adbeslam , will take good care of him lol ... 
  why not lol ? ... 
  v4 is about to stand up to germany . 
  tbh the whole eu is about who can stand up to germans . 
  now that the coward brits are puling out it will be harder . 
  srsly it 's not enough to stand up to germany in a war , you need to stand your ground in peace time , too . 
  good , the sooner they join the better . 
  me too . 
  srsly of all people he is for brexit . 
  russians are christians . 
  multikulti is a codeword for islam . 
  there are very few muslims in eastern-europe and they are very well integrated . 
  these countries ca n't take in muslims by the thousands . 
  hmm , true . 
  dude was crazy . 
  he wanted the guns of the police officers . 
  still could be considered terror attack ... 
  yeah , it 's sad to see brits running away from a problem . 
  yes , the eu needs reforms but you ca n't run away from it , the problem still persists ... 
  bear grylls approves . 
  it 's laughable that putin is our only hope in syria . 
  i hope one day france can grow up to the task and be a military superpower ( even with the help of germany ) , they are cocky enough to say no to usa . 
  of course it helps that idiot dolan is at the helm of usa lol ... 
  and interesting italy or greece did n't got some bataclan or manchester arena like terror attacks ... then they would use their navy properly . 
  yes it needs to go on ofc . 
  when the deal is ready i think brits should have another say if they are ok with that tho ... 
  syria is too close to turkey . 
  the whole middle-east must be calmed down before the situation in turkey can be normalized . 
  i would actually watch it then . 
  kpop , jpop all is welcome . 
  it 's not lol ... 
  cameron should remain so freaking silent about brexit as he could . 
  tbh better would be for him to pretend dead lol ... 
  good , salah abdeslam approves / lol ... every nation is entitled to a fine night in bataclan ... nope , fence will stay up , migrant crisis needs to be solved outside of eu . 
  w bush and blair will pay for migrants . 
  they are already here .
