  rt also gets upvoted fairly often ( at least in / r/worldnews ) . 
  apparently based in southern spain ... 
  can we all just agree that that was completely unnecessary ? 
  use !, 
  use !, 
  use !, 
  so maybe you 're leading us slightly on that front . 
  but you would n't if you could n't have stolen them ( along with our cattle and rye , thank you very much ) from us for some 600 years . 
  as do the finns . 
  hah , communist lies . 
  the names of all the places are in both finnish and swedish in the link . 
  not to nitpick , but with some basic knowledge of sweden and finland he would know that finland is the bilingual one . 
   buccaneera :  beautifull city , op . 
  looks peacefull . 
  sweden , right ? 
  oh , * you * . 
  but ... 
  but finland is nordic , not scandinavian !, 
  ( me being meticulous ), 
   implying that karelian and archangelsk do n't want to join glorious union with their brethern , but want to slave under ussr putin . 
   implying that karelian republic . 
  i think he was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm going to think he was being sarcastic . 
   the belgian-dutch revolutionary war ... easily one of the most important in world history . 
  yeah , probably in the top 300 even . 
  i think he was being sarcastic . 
  i 'm going to think he was being sarcastic . 
  i 'd prefer something more domestic ... eh , at least we are n't paying the bill . 
  so it seems . 
  although there are clearly election frauds in russia , it 's still annoying how many people are jumping the gun with their comments . 
  hell , i never knew . 
  do n't settle new cities near us . 
  it is because of earth 's gravity , the bending that is . 
  i put the blame on / r/polandball . 
  wait , finland has something to do with this ? 
  jumalauta jokke , get off that . 
  i agree , russian needs to be used more often !, 
  i think that 's what / u/suicidemachine said . 
  is n't all of 4chan politically incorrect ? 
  at least it seems to be pretty common place . 
  i remember browsing / int / once and there were quite a few white genocide posts . 
  maybe some of them just like hearing about people who love their dogs a little too much ? 
  also it 's about dogs , not pets in general . 
  i 'm sure there 's also one for / r/sexwithcats , / r/sexwithparrots , / r/sexwithfish and who knows what else . 
  that 's right o ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ o ^ ps, 
  i 've never learned what pol stands for . 
  poland ? 
  poll ? 
  police ? 
  i want to make a joke on you being estonian in this context . 
  but my creative senses feel dull ... just imagine one here , will ya ? 
  well , russians seem to be generally against eu and european things , maybe because of leadership or something . 
  so some of them say russia is better than europe as a place to live in and in other ways . 
  so people point out that eu countries are generally a better place to live in than russia . 
  estonia 's is nice . 
  uh , kinda ... ? 
  i 'm in lukio ( general upper secondary school ) and have a pretty decent memory of school in general . 
  there was maybe 1/3 of a page on lapua movement , while it pretty much said what they were and what they did , i remember no bear symbols . 
  well , i have n't got any history classes yet but i imagine we 'll talk a lot about it then . 
  i do n't think that changing voice makes it simply better . 
   `` but by outright banning and outlawing it is , ironically , against democratic values too . '', 
  [ -3 ] to be as fair as possible , he did also say that `` communism ( in theory ) is a hard left ideology , so it 's really understandable that hardcore right parties ( that are in command in ukraine now ) want to eliminate even the possibilities of competition '' which seems to imply that the right-wing parties in ukraine want to get rid of the communist parties . 
  since that part of the thread started when ekonova thought that the article ( later ? ), 
  proved to be wrong was right , his reply could be interpreted as him not knowing that the article is fake . 
  and fake information is bad . 
   `` communism in practice is an ideology of death ( ... which praises armed struggle between citizens and embraces genocide of one segment of the society . ) '', 
  [ +6 ] well , he does have a point on the armed struggle part . 
  maybe a bit less so on the class genocide part . 
  the aim of communism is creating a marxist-leninist form of government with armed revolt , as i have understood it . 
  and it is n't very kind towards the ones who were part of upper classes . 
  in practice in soviet union and china people from pre-soviet upper class backgrounds were threatened during the revolution years and discriminated against after that . 
  when the soviets were choosing an astronaut for the first trip to space , they chose the labourer backgrounded person over the slightly more competent person from an upper class background , for example . 
  also , citizens of communist countries did n't do so well , some even died . 
  so he does have backing on communism leading to death in practice . 
  of course , it could also be intrepreted that he meant communists in practice idolising killing . 
   `` every single thing you have said could just as easily be applied to capitalists as it could be to communists . 
  strong but empty rhetoric . '', 
  [ -1 ] - op , kodiakus kodiakus then puts the other persons comment as a template to further his point . 
  personally , i think that kodiakus is wrong here . 
  `` while banning parties or ideologies does go against democratic values , in practice we have to put a stop sign on somewhere . 
  in the case of capitalist parties , because of their violent history and neglect for human rights , it is more than adequate and necessary for the protection of society and human race to prevent them from having power at all . '', 
  this part i 'm sure is wrong . 
  since all communist ( marxist-leninist ) governments have had only one party , the communist party . 
  unless , his point is that by banning one party we will ultimately ban all parties . 
  which i believe is proved wrong , since some democracies in eastern europe ( latvia ) for example have banned communist parties but no other ones . 
  i 'm not very informed on how well democracy works there , though . 
  `` capitalism in practice is an ideology of death which praises armed subjugation of citizens and embraces the genocide of populaces for their resources '' i do n't know about this . 
  many capitalist countries do n't praise armed subjugation of citizens ( nordic countries ) . 
  he probably means riot police and stuff by that . 
  while for example turkey uses them as an excuse to quell protesters , i think that riots can get really bad without riot police . 
  there have been some cases where the less well to do , not necessarily citizens do stuff like burning cars without much reason during riots . 
  people would get hurt in those and , althought it does sound strange , the police needs to protect the citizens . 
  the genocide part must mean stuff like native americans getting killed . 
  shit sucks , but those were less civilized times during which women were viewed as animal-level intellect compared to men and black plus others were n't considered human . 
   `` that is just play with words and does n't convince any one . '', 
  [ +6 ] roughly said , but i do agree with how he replied . 
  and his reasoning . 
   `` i 'm sick and tired about hearing about the `` evils of communism '' from people who refuse to look past their own nose . '', 
  ** [ 0 now ] ** ( note that the guy never said he was a communist , but his attempts to just say banning the communist party from political life may not be democratic seem to make him the bad guy ) hmm , yeah . 
  but i do think that communism has definitely produced worse results than capitalism .
