  now if you 'll excuse me , time to eat some chocolate . 
  can we make our bord a bit more , uh , masculine ? 
  and braver / smarter / wealthier . 
  i know , but they 're almost in the balkans , just a bit north from there . 
  yeah , i know a lot new zealandian `` bretts '' , you see . 
  with the current economic situation , who knows for sure ? 
  well , i did just now . 
  looks like i mixed slovenia with the t\u0161ecks . 
  oh , right ... 
  i always use swede , dane , pole , britt , finn and whatnot , so ... 
  still , maybe if the yankees had n't used the term so negatively it would be alright ? 
  edit : i 'm joking . 
   what famous sm coffee shop are you talking about ? 
  well , around a year ago i watched this documentary of a guy travelling around the northern balkans area . 
  he came across a coffee shop where the waiters would offer to whip you ... yeah . 
  might 've actually been ukraine or some other . 
  for the whole of my comment . 
  both . 
  is n't go japanese ? 
  or maybe both . 
  you should 've seeked a better school then . 
  slovakia is ... neighbour of slovenia , gemany and some others . 
  it 's a quite small and not especially rich country . 
  was a part of the soviet sphere during cold war . 
  if i remember right , the inventor of bdsm was slovakian . 
  or french . 
  well , atleast there 's a bit famous sm coffee shop in the capital ... or maybe all of that was in slovenia ? 
  edit : well , i sure embarrassed myself . 
  edit 2 : i found out that i messed t\u0161eck up with slovenia in my head , creating a bizarre thing which bordered both italy and poland . 
  good . 
  i was talking about one with many japs in it . 
  it 's got pretty many views and easy to find ( japanese people taste salmiakki or something ) but i ca n't link it on phone . 
  reminds me of that youtube video about japanese people tasting salmiak . 
  they did n't like it . 
  i could send you a finnish card with the turku cathedral in it !, 
  pm me and i 'll do what i can !, 
  oh , i 've gone a couple of times to those ... actually , it was pretty good . 
  maybe the shock was so big that my brain pushed it away . 
  and ... 
  i 'm not racist or anything , but is n't the hygiene in those places a bit ... 
  worse ? 
  and the quality of ingredients ? 
  there was this one case of kebab meat in the news which had gone bad in some way , if i remember right . 
  and restaurants , yeah , they 're good . 
  but pretty costly ... oh well , not that much more than a normal pizza place . 
  i guess we really do n't need pizza huts that much . 
  i 've studied swedish for years !, 
  that means that i can understand any scandinavian language , giving me an additional edge when seeking jobs . 
  now , leave that phrase to me ... `` to the big language dubbers go to the big thankyoucod . '', 
  here i come , scandinavian job markets !, 
  it is my entitled opinion , and i 'm entitled to it !, 
  but who do you think is the best provider , then ? 
  really ? 
  i 've never seen one ... well , looks like i was n't missing much . 
  http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-imkyglv1rcu/tlw2kn5t4ui/aaaaaaaaakk/wy1jcqln3fc/s1600/chinese+style+fried+chicken.jpg like this . 
  it 's also called crispy fried chicken . 
  the meat inside is soft , but the `` shell '' is really crispy . 
  so ... just like chinese fried chicken ? 
  well , you 're french , i imagine there would be better quality food chains in there in general . 
  i 've never been a friend of tacos , so ... 
  but is n't it only one store in the helsinki airport or something ? 
  well , yeah , better than nothing , but the lines are going to be huge ... plus , i live in turku . 
  oh , that might be it . 
  still , it 's not like you have many cities on the mountains , so it might still have more to do with population density than geography . 
  me too , i guess it 's because of the darkness ? 
  people keep lights up longer ? 
  that 's right . 
  no burger kings , either , which is a shame since i remember them having better hamburgers than the others ( hesburger ; the local finnish one , and mcdonalds ) . 
  i think the best provider of pizza is kotipizza around here . 
  but i 've heard all of their pizzas taste the same ( not my opinion ) . 
  then there 're the italian restaurants and such . 
  i have actually never eaten at a pizzahut , is it good ? 
  i have seen one in london , though . 
  you have burger kings ? 
  we do n't . 
  not that it matters to me , what i really want is a pizza hut . 
  damn right . 
  although i 've never eaten in one , i 'm sure it would be ... pretty ... good ? 
  yeah , there 's a good chance it 'll be unbiased ... 
  the same way as winter war ( in russian schoolbooks ) !, 
  well , i use bbc news myself . 
  does n't explain why russia lost so hard !, 
  in fact , according to those parameters , it should win !, 
  don rosa is the best donald duck artist , in my opinion . 
  his stuff is funny , too . 
  even i did n't remember it . 
  january 2017 ? 
  are n't you being a little bit too hopeful there ? 
  i 'm surprised we 're lower than poland . 
  are you implying that the prostitute cartel did him in ? 
  no , i did n't find any site with questionable content with a quick google search and could n't be bothered to give supo more reason to break my door in so i just put `` free blacks '' . fi , which is n't an actual site for anything . 
  still , quite funny that you thought that . 
  `` muenchen kotzt '' reminds me of `` munchy kotzt '' , with kotzt being the name of some random balkan/turkish quick eatable that you can buy from a kiosk . 
  who knows , maybe all that puke was something like that , at some point . 
  hey , not everybody spriches das deutsch ? 
  it 's not like you know where you 're going/in if you click www.vapaatmustat.fi, 
  man , do i ever get flashbacks from the music at 1:30, 
  i 'll believe that when more than 10 % of poles are atheist . 
  i was reminded of [ hungary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_eger_%281552%29 ) , mostly . 
  there 's also the siege of vienna , but austia is n't really eastern .
