  truly a master of eloquence . 
  i dare say that the subject of austerity and greece has n't gotten enough discussion !, 
  i warned you people about the threat of romanian blood sucking parasites !, 
  there was some funny internet thingy in which it was published what porn is most popular in countries . 
  google the sentence `` porn search by countries '' , why not , and see what comes up . 
  i see . 
  thanks , ss !, 
  i agree with you , nijid . 
  what was it ? 
  i 'm sure putin would have greatly enjoyed it . 
  wow , i did n't hear about that . 
  source ? 
  yeah , but eu4 is n't really as mainstream as civ v, 
  no hands either . 
  eesti makes fun of us ? 
  i hope it 's about finns being alcoholists and very quiet ... 
  damn ... what 's wrong with his eyes ? 
  no offense to him of course . 
  romania beat us by that much ? 
  person from southernmost part , little to no snow here but it was -5 c in morning . 
  you really do n't hear of them anywhere in the media ? 
  there was just now a talk show here in finland discussing the muslims who left nordic countries for jihad in syria and there were muslims who were peaceful and not jihading , and not famous ... of course there are n't news articles about random people without no reason . 
  that 's true , but we still do n't hear of them in the media , only of the islamic extremists / s, 
  is it really satire ? 
  maybe it is . 
  i wish i could see their flags , i know it has to be funny . 
  but no flair in alien blue . 
  i guess he 's meant to symbolise depression ? 
  hey , we 're hardly homicidal !, 
  austria also controlled the netherlands for a while . 
  oh , i thought that ankara was the capital before istambul . 
  well , i guess it 's not . 
  i guess the person who did this map did n't count the ottoman empire as being the same state as turkey , or something along those lines . 
  i 'm not sure of all the facts , but istanbul was originally constantinople , the heart of east rome , which later was called byzantium . 
  you 've heard of it , right ? 
  well , the ottomans came and took byzantine land to themself . 
  constantinople was the center of trade at the time , wealthy and had hagia sophia . 
  not so much good things compared to the other . 
  damn ryss\u00e4nizing helsinki bastards , no civilisation after third ring my bloody ass !, 
  i 'm not in denial !, 
  i just wrote a 3 essay pages long rant about how i am ~ ~ not ~ ~ racist !, 
  still , i hope you meant it in a positive way when you said my joke was interesting ... 
  although my jokes ** can ** be weird as hell sometimes . 
  i have n't actually seen people of other colours than white regularly before i transferred schools during the 5th grade , and even during then it was only 2 girls of north-african descent wearing jihabs in a school of around 250 . 
  my junior-highschool was in the center of one of our most populous ( 5th ? ), 
  cities , so there were more people of different culture and descent in there , around 4 people wore hijabs of some kind . 
  there were an asian boy and an african boy , too . 
  there were around , hm , 350 students in total , the large majority was still white . 
  my highschool 's quite the same . 
  i 've never really formed friendships with people of different cultures than european , so i 've never really gotten close to other than white people . 
  i fear that i may be a bit ... racist because of all this . 
  my bringing up did n't surely help either , my father is a tad , well ... `` comically '' racist ( ` hehe the * ragheads * are at it again ! ', 
  ` fucking ryss\u00e4t have overrun the place , never going to that spa again ' ) . 
  i know that i am a bit more nationalistic than your average finn of this age , and that this was most likely because of him , even if the , hm , racism is n't . 
  at any rate , i am uneasy in the presence of a non-white ( asians not included ) , even more so when there is more than one . 
  so , well , it 's not like i 'm joining a group of neo-nazis or the klu-klux klan , so i 'm not that worried . 
  still , i do n't want to ... let 's call it prejudice ... no matter if it is sensible or not , especially when it is n't based on logic or statistics , but just a feeling in my gut . 
  i 've been thinking about this a lot recently , and i think that my prejudice and anxiety of kinds will slowly go away when i meet , see and talk to people of other colours . 
  well , i hope so anyway . 
  i feel a bit bad writing such an almost completely irrelevant wall of text . 
  it feels like i 'm using this thread as my personal blog of kinds ... `` my dog is so cute ! '', 
  `` please teach me how to write properly ! '', 
  `` am i a racist ? '', 
  `` childhood memories with my pops :3 '' ... geez , i do n't normally write this much at all . 
  i wonder if i 'm dehydrated or something ? 
  well , what 's done is done . 
  i do n't see it in the same way as you people on computers since i 'm currently on my phone ( alienreddit app , minimized text ca n't be seen differently nor the crossover ` ed words ) , i guess i should n't have tried to use it when i could n't make sure whether it could be read ... oh well , lesson learnt . 
  ... is it really that bad ? 
  second of my comments in this thread that got told this ... or is it because of the format ? 
  i 've noted that in my edit :d, 
  well i 'm not a racist or anything but i 'd guess you are a white person if you 're writing like that . 
  but seriously , my jokes are generally really dry , mixed up in the truth , and i always sound serious , so it 's no wonder people often have to ask whether i 'm joking or not . 
  jokes aside , i 'm genuinely interested in how my english is broken ( sorry about that , i know myself that broken language makes reading hard ) , any grammatic mistakes i 'm blaming on my phone though . 
  i 'll try to read through my text again but chances are i wo n't understand much before i 've rested the night . 
  edit : one thing i noticed is how i sometimes miss the subject , `` hood covering face '' , `` would n't take a knife if it was a police officer '' , for example . 
  i 'd never trust my dog to enchance the security of my house . 
  such a fluffy and cute lil ' 7 years old long-haired male german shepherd , who 'd be afraid of that ? 
  only immigrants have !, 
  plus it has never bited almost anyone , nor killed more than a couple of wild animal ( couple of foxes ) !, 
  then again i ` mnotracistbut more of the immigrants are criminals than ~ ~ normal ~ ~ ~ ~ averagefinns ~ ~ other people . 
  edit : just joking , do n't take me too seriously fellas !, 
  ... although it is true that the only people who have been afraid of my dog have been immigrants ... edit 2 : made the end phrase more readable , thanks / u/beefat99 !, 
  i live pretty much in the countryside , in a largish house , i have wi-fi , electricity and such . 
  i 'd look from the window to see who it was . 
  if ( s ) he would look especially suspicious ( hood covering face , etc. 
  i 'm not a racist or anything , but everyone who lives around here is white , and most are old people who would most likely not know a foreign born person , so him/her being anything else than white caucasian finn would raise my suspicions ) , i 'd put a knife in my pocket ( can never be too careful , police are a 30-minute drive away and i 'm not a very strongly built person ! ), 
  and open the door ( well , i 'd do the same whether ( s ) he was suspicious or not , but i 'd be especially careful if ( s ) he was suspicious . 
  would n't take a knife if it was a police officer though ) . 
  it would most likely be a missionary of some kind or a person asking for directions . 
  still , one reads so many horror stories from the media that it 's hard not to be careful . 
  i may be a little bit paranoid though . 
  but it 's not often that i have strangers knocking at my door . 
  fake drugs , as in not proper medicine i believe . 
  text ? 
  i dunno , busy and tired . 
  oh whoops , i was at the phone so typos can happen :p the real accent write would be b\u00f6rd , i think . 
  not bad ... not bad at all . 
  do n't worry , i bought the white one legally . 
  well , biology and such has never been my forte , so it looks like a sparrow with a bit of bronze on it 's chest to me . 
  chocolate , children , who can notice the difference anyways ?
