  i guess , geographically speaking yes . 
  northern/eastern . 
  we 're culturally western-european , though . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nefyjjnedo ) ( it has handmade english subtitles , turn them on in the settings ), 
  ahh , i get it . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  i think you 're being a bit overly anti-usa there . 
  russia is a far bigger and more direct bully than usa , and us has n't done any overtly suspicious covert actions in europe since the end of the cold war , save for the nsa spying . 
  russia , on the other hand ... also , the notion that us would want a war with russia is ridiculous . 
  anything that makes fun of sweden is a plus for me . 
  could apply to finns , too . 
  susi is a german name ? 
  means wolf in finnish . 
  sounds a lot like that one about the gypsies a bit down in this thread ... 
  so this is one of these recycled jokes , no wonder i felt like i had heard it somewhere before . 
  i think the version i first heard had an estonian throwing out a russian as the punchline . 
  honestly , they could 've pinpointed hungary 's location on a map . 
  allowing in more migrants ? 
  the refugee kind or the more legal and normal kind ? 
  also , the situation in ukraine is nato 's fault ? 
  what the hay ? 
  because they did n't intervene ? 
  finland -100 years usa -240 years 5 divided by 100 = 0,05 27 divided by 240 = 0,1125 a : taking years of independence in count , the usa has changed their consitution relatively more than finland . 
  nato has failed in syria ? 
  they have n't been active in syria save for a few airstrikes . 
   russia could simultaneously pincer odessa from transnistria and crimea and pincer mariupol from crimea and donetsk . 
  russia would n't move it 's troops from crimea , that would too easily arouse a huge amount of suspicion . 
  also , i bet entry points from crimea to ukraine are quite heavily guarded now . 
  might be just your fb friends , though ? 
  what a well done poster ... could n't he have used better materials ? 
  it 's like he does n't even care ... 
  it 's not * that * bad ... 
  speaking about rt , i was quite surprised when i got my new tv and after it set up the channels , one of them was rt. 
  there was an ongoing `` documentary '' where an old lady complained about missiles . 
  turned it off pretty quickly . 
   sandniggers but yeah this diagram is 100 % legitimate, 
  i said they have way less to spend on that , and you link an article that says they 're in fact not spending anything ? 
  ukraine wo n't have that many ` bots ' in any case since they have way less to spend on that , in comparison to russia . 
  [ do n't be mean :3 it 's nothing worth arguing over ] ( https://archive.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1425/93/1425933718215.png ) [ since we all know your shitty army ai n't got nothing compared to ours 6-0 never forget ] ( http://doge.naurunappula.com/screen/57/3e/573e8421a8ecefe1/0/1160425.jpg ), 
  hey , it was almost a year and a half . 
  and that 's almost as good as a few years . 
  also i remembered the meaning of amicable wrong , thought it was ` grudginly acceptable ' . 
  soviet union attacked , we held our ground for a while and eventually signed an acceptable , but shameful treaty . 
  a year and a half after that some circumstances happened and we were co-belligerent with the nazis against soviet . 
  we got our lands back , and went a tad further over the border to appease the germans . 
  then the nazis started losing , soviets counter attacked us and we made a treaty even worse than the one before . 
  after that , we had to rout the nazis from finland . 
  it was kind of a fake war at first , but then the soviets noticed that we were n't really fighting and told us to do so . 
  then hitler got angry since we were fighting them , and also a bit about the separate peace , so he ordered his soldiers to burn lappland . 
  they pretty much did , but left afterwards . 
  after that there was much peace and licking master soviet 's boots and paying the money he wanted . 
  edit : some mistakes ( see vladraptor 's comment ), 
  were n't the eu sanctions aimed at the elite , though ? 
  russia countered with counter sanctions that made european goods not avaivable to be sold into russia, 
  well , that 's what it sounds like anyway ... 
  i guess they wanted to localise the vocals , appeal to kids and get it all done cheaply . 
  i remember watching that bee girl ( maija mehil\u00e4inen ) when i was a kid , also [ eurasian wren 's trips , or as it 's called outside of finland , lins holgersson . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4oqm8egjszw ), 
  ahh yes , i did n't watch it all that much but it was interesting . 
  [ this shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6l4xvrkkl0 ) makes me jealous of that german opening , though ... 
  c'mon eesti , if you ever want into nordic you got ta step up your game . 
  ... a joke ? 
   greece has become the new nigeria, 
  so , what you are telling me is ... that he is a convert ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there is n't olive oil better than the one made in finland . 
  i 'll take the green one , thanks . 
  what kinda drugs ? 
   russian times please , no . 
  why do people think this is a respectable newsoutlet ? 
   lol what a newwie he is, 
  must be because of all the rich greedy people . 
  wooo !, 
  we did it again !, 
  victorious in defeat , defensive victory !, 
  there 's nothing in the arctic , he lives in lapland ie . 
  finland . 
  what did you just say about my koskenkorva you litle russie i 'll have you know i am top of my ... ugh , head ... must find hangover remedy ... where 's my booze ... 
  first they took our land , then they took our language , then they took our sauna and now they take our santa, 
  thank you , finland for being the best country and a lot better than stupid sweden ( ss for short ) and for winning against russia in ice hockey yesterday and in winter war 1939-1940, 
  oh no , you do n't understand !, 
  cia is staging these ( with assistance from the finnish fascist government ) !, 
  just like all the opposition murders , beatings , and even ukraine !, 
  [ probably something to do with how he uses a deragotary term for homosexuals . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/nigel-farage/11466522/nigel-farage-after-the-plane-crash-i-lit-a-fag.-not-a-great-idea-close-to-aviation-fuel.html ), 
  yeah , he 's pro-nato , but as others have said he 'll be gone soon . 
  my point was that , as the article stated , the russian foreign minister made the statement after the meeting for a combined nordic defense . 
  people feel that we are in a completely different situation than ukraine , what with us being in the european union and never having been a part of the soviet union . 
  ridiculous that they would complain about the growing link to nato after the nordic countries try to disctance themselves from it by discussing working together instead . 
  there is only one country that needs nukes . 
  poor , defenseless finland . 
  good . 
  next , is recruiters . 
  get on with what/who ? 
  yes . 
  step 1 . 
  get downvotes step 2 . 
  complain about downvotes step 3 . 
  get more downvotes step 4 . 
  step 5 . 
  loss of karma,
