  i think pratchet was plenty intelligent , though . 
  did you know that he collected fedoras ? 
  was it actually explictly said that they would use the pictures themselves , so this does n't mean just mentioning them and talking about them ? 
  that 's not what my european union map , that i got from school in the 4th grade , tells me !, 
  cyprus is practically divided into two , but it 's still one country in the map . 
  countryball best ball , go back to people 's republic of spheristan . 
  italy probably hurted the axis more than they helped , though . 
  prob something to do with white priviledge and such as well, 
  best waifu, 
  and nobody was surprised . 
  i find the position she 's holding that portrait to be funny , it kind of looks like she 's setting it up in an angle good for the camera . 
  i 'm pretty sure fsa invited nato airforces at some point . 
  if you ask me it 's a problem of patriarchity in muslim culture . 
  well , i suppose a donation of a few oilfields and that mountain would suffice if that is the case, 
  they 've got the money to spare for our wall too, 
  norway is the one with the oil-money !, 
  did you survive ? 
  this picture is obviously from sweden , look at the crowd inside that station, 
  [ ayy limey ] ( https://youtu.be/-jqoki5fmzy?t=11s ), 
  that looks excactly how i remember sweden , a piece of ~ ~ s ~ ~ pickle . 
  i 'd contribute here but i do n't have photoshop, 
  or steel beams . 
  ... hmm . 
  we might be onto something here . 
  i do n't know what , but something . 
  airports are made of concrete and other hard to burn material . 
  if i only peed i usually just rinse my hands , no soap . 
  is that bad ? 
  i mean , urine is sterile and it goes away with the water anyway , right ? 
  are you implying the refugees travelled through russia to finland ? 
  because they arrived from sweden , and they got to sweden through the balkans , denmark , germany and austria . 
  there is a helpful map at the top right corner of this subreddit . 
  you can count the number of countries between syria ( borders turkey ) and finland . 
  i believe you will find the number close to 10 . 
  there is a 10 country buffer between finland and syria , and yet we 've got a damn ton of them, 
  the inevitable reconquest of greece/constantinople , of course . 
  not blind , just ignorant ... well , what else should we expect of somebody from the southern us ? 
  reminds me of [ stupid and fake suur-suomi ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/suur-suomen_kartta.png ) and [ true and great suur-suomi ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zedwj72.png ), 
  looks like erdogay banning reddit had little effect . 
  and they 're going to borrow this money from eu , right ? 
  well , swedish police have been complaining about long hours , poor conditions and poor pay for a long while now . 
   terrorist ( or a secret service ) you do n't honestly think that an intelligence agency was behind it , do you ? 
  the sinai plane bombing will make it easier for russia to get domestic support for their intervention in syria , but the state is n't going to do anything major just because of that incident . 
  although i could see a speznazi assassination of some is leaders to put up a front ( which other world leaders would denounce since russia would be stealthily operating their special troops on foreign soil without the permission of the nation ) , aside from that nothing much . 
  russia wo n't get involved in syria with ground troops , they might supply the syrian regime with tons of weaponry if they really want them to win , though . 
  personally , i do n't think the current amount of support russia gives to the syrian regime is enough to make them win , the is captured a government town a while back after all . 
  although it might help create a status quo in the long run . 
  fugg : ddd, 
  damn , that much territory in only 74 years and in ironman ... makes me feel a lot less confident about my skills . 
  from the article : `` dozens of special flights were put on for tourists wanting to go home . '', 
  i 'd say they 're using multiple planes, 
  nor rt. 
  he still got away alive , apparently . 
  there was a far-right party called the vikingrar or some such in a nordic country , so not that great an idea . 
  source : victoria ii, 
  damn that an old meme . 
  comrade-in-arms-job !, 
  choo choo ( not a holocaust train we did n't do that it was all them ), 
  quiet , snugglebuns . 
  got ta say , there is a certain aesthetic sense to them ... no nazi , though, 
  he was exaggerating but there def would 've been more tense moments as usa would 've been within russian missile range, 
  for the last time we did n't ally with them we were co-belligerent i like their uniforms , though . 
  ( no nazi ), 
  do n't really know what this was supposed to mean , maybe because it 's 2 am ... 
  but she had perky tits , upvoted, 
  i do n't really know what to think , on one hand i 'm glad that they 're bombing is and al-nusra , but on the other i 've heard that they 're bombing the other rebel groups as well , including fsa , which i think is bad . 
  i do n't think that the regime has the capabilities to win this war and they would need heavy russian support to do so , the recent russian airstrikes are n't enough , they 're just making the war go on longer . 
  also , if the russian airstrikes are n't heavy enough they 'll just be a rallying cry for is and create an image of them fighting a war against russian opression a la mujahiiden of afghanistan . 
  but , well , i guess the american involvement already did something to that effect . 
  but they be the bomb city , they be !, 
  i guess that one depends on whether you think the syrian opposition that is n't is or al-qaeda is bad or not , and how many of the russian strikes are hitting them . 
  a superpower only interested in business will use it 's political arms to conduct business good for itself , no matter the consequences to other states . 
  also china is n't a superpower yet , they will probably start focusing more on influencing geopolitics in a decade or two . 
  i have no idea . 
  but ca n't implement proper border control because muh humanity, 
  i do n't really like it myself . 
  it tastes allright , but it 's messy to eat and i dislike the `` bread '' they use for it . 
  also it should be noted valta refers to power of authority especially , it is n't used to refer to physical power . 
  beaten by the baltics : /, 
  onion even made a documentary on the subject , it was called `` olympic village tour : see where the athletes live , train and fuck each other '', 
  pfft , look at this guy with his puny ambitions . 
  now [ this , this is how a real man dreams ] ( https://vaestotiede.files.wordpress.com/2015/06/11173416_417042968474059_2497597896674840257_n.jpg ), 
  constantinople ? 
  do n't you mean ... 
  honestly surprised japan 's national animal is n't pikachu or the robot cat from doraemon, 
  [ : ddd ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/hahaha+benis_d16a77_5507831.jpg ), 
  is loving dik a sin ? 
  i preferred 2014 , personally . 
  knowing paradox i am surprised there was n't a strait between korea and kyushu, 
  in this context , whoever started the coup . 
  so yes . 
  that guy looks like a cheap serbian mussolini imitation, 
  inb4 anti-brexit terrorists storm buckingham palace and execute the queen . 
  well , you should 've mentioned that as well . 
  next you 'll say i vote for the average finns . 
   these heroes fought for a free britain well , they 're not wrong ... 
  honestly , this is ridiculous ... sweden is the rape capital of europe , not the world . 
  that 's racist !, 
  tl note : `` it might be that i 'll get ... very drunk today . '', 
  the factory the guy worked at went bankrupt , iirc .
