your mother is embarasing to read . 
  heh , i get it . 
  for those who do n't : the joke is that sweden is lost in it 's stupid . 
  sober ... what is that ? 
  some new scottish-german fashion ? 
  is ok ... to be drunk , yes . 
  you viro only want our booze moneys and employement oppurtunities !, 
  stop with the lies !, 
  nobody loves us and we know it !, 
   170,00 you mean 170 000 or 17 000 ? 
  ingria as well , do n't forget that it was finnish ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ kinda 100 % at some point !, 
  ingria is like the current st. petersburg area . 
  it belonged to sweden until 17th century when peter the great and his dirty russians stole it and arrogantly built his new capital on it !, 
  that is literally my resistance plan in case russia invades finland . 
  that merkel reference is stupid and irrelevant . 
  there was a hetero-pride parade in finland some time ago . 
  it was ... well , not very large . 
  what is your definition of a fascist ? 
  wikipedia calls it `` a form of radical authoritarian nationalism '' . 
  to further quote wikipedia : `` fascist movements shared certain common features , the veneration of the state , a devotion to a strong leader , and an emphasis on ultranationalism and militarism . 
  fascism views political violence , war , and imperialism as a means to achieve national rejuvenation ... '' some would view putin 's government as fascist , since it 's pretty much a dictatorship were putin gets elected every few years . 
  nationalism in russia is on the rise , too , so it 's not like russia would n't fit into that definition of fascism . 
  not to mention a strong leader . 
  almost off-subject , but current russia fits the common definition of imperialism : '' ... a policy of extending a country 's power and influence through colonization , use of military force , or other means '' . 
  russia is clearly using military force to help the separatists , and most likely to extend it 's power and influence . 
  it does make it better . 
  the difference is that if everybody in kiev with power was a jew-hating person who would want all russians in extermination camps , the situation would be hopeless and a secession from ukraine in areas with a majority of russians would be much more better argumented than when the majority of the people in power are n't extremists . 
  there are extremists in every country , and extremism rises when a country is troubled . 
  people in eastern ukraine are wanting `` death to fascists '' just like people in kiev are wanting `` death to russians '' . 
  vocal minority and all that . 
  i do n't know anything about / u/airazz , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  `` part of the current government '' is not the same as `` fascist have seized power in kiev '' . 
  the latter implies that they all are fascists , something eastern ukrainian separatists and those supporting them seem to believe , when in fact they do n't even form the majority . 
  i bet they will start by artillery attack on innocent russian border garrisons , but have sneakily moved the artillery into position to russian side of border to try to cheat people into believing russia would fire it 's own troops to make for fake casus belli !, 
  oh , ca n't believe i forgot congo . 
  latvia then . 
  but france is on ... 
  i mean , germany ... denmark ... ahem , britain ... poland ... austria ... err , spain . 
  portugal . 
  italy ... . . sweden - fuck , norway ... oh right , they 're not in eu yet ... ireland ... ... um , estonia ? 
  ingria does n't count , right ? ... 
  iceland has n't lost any clay !, 
  but it 's not in eu !, 
  it has got no lost clay and it was a founding member of eu . 
  there !, 
  brits and finns are more similar than one would think , it seems . 
  claylosers group hug ? 
  glort to russia is pro-ukrainian ? 
  also :  putin -- khuilo , lalalalala what, 
  the rpgs and tanks of the protestors were bought with eu-money . 
  beated again ... 
  when can we wave our flags next ? 
  of course not , they 're russians with loaned or official body armor and weapons :p, 
  and russia buying less from eu will mean russia buying more from china , right ? 
  we slightly lost to sweden . 
  typical . 
  finland - oh , who am i kidding . 
  not even i can seriously think that our hymn made in another nation is the best ... our unofficial song by jean sibelius is pretty decent , and much better suited as a national hymn , though . 
  i 'd post links but on mobile . 
  that 's a good one . 
  except no finland , sorry but i 'll have to rate it 4/10 tops . 
  hey , it 's ok to eat once a year if you put cream , sugar and milk on it !, 
  hey , do n't imply that we 're troubled !, 
  ... because we 're not . 
  no that many of them here . 
  well , i believe most people do n't want to join nato because we would have to increase defense spending . 
  i think putin wants it to look like finland does n't join nato because of russia/putin , so that he would appear more powerfull . 
  eh , what 's putin gon na do ? 
  drop bread baskets on us ? 
  i mean , he was pushing it with ukraine . 
  attacking a rich , western and stable eu member would be a bit too much . 
  you can conform rapidly ? 
  hey , the rye-burgers are pretty ... original . 
  might be a lot less than 10 years if the last pic is to be trusted ... 
  that 's not very nice . 
  somehow , i 'm not surprised . 
  that 's what he said . 
  i remember only this one ... 
  wait ... 
  there it goes . 
  well ... 
  if it 's the before-elections time with the nsdp we 're talking about , i do n't think it would be good for democracy to shoot at nazis . 
  you mistyped this twice , so i thought i 'd point it out : resources does n't have a double s. 
  what i took from that is something along the lines of there being finns/a finn in the area , not that he 's saying that there definitely are finnish people fighting in the conflict . 
  we have too . 
  i think all countries have . 
  renly is the one true ki ... !, 
  oh , right ... that small hindrance ... 
  damn . 
  but i shall n't join the `` old heretic for king '' - faction !, 
  i 'll move onto mace 's camp !, 
  long live the true king mace tyrell , righteous in his reign !, 
  it was n't that bad . 
  i 've seen worse . 
  you misread , he was talking about / u/savannahjeff, 
  i know that 's what he was , but did n't he say that austrians were germans or that he was german ? 
  you can not stop the victorious march of der f\u00fchrer !, 
  pretty sure hitler insisted on himself being german . 
  i 'm not a nazi !, 
  i 'm not even german !,
