  what if my village wants to become independent , why ca n't they ? 
  i thought the whole eu is about removing borders , not creating new ones . 
  besides this , i can understand you guys want to become part of spain ( uk is way richer ) , but independence will be terrible for gibraltar . 
  actually i don \u00b4 t get that , german elections should be more important for norway than the uk elections , am i wrong ? 
  oh , yes , the us will never try to coerce an independent catalonia . 
  wasn \u00b4 t catalonia going to increase taxes for soft drinks until the american government contacted them ? 
  that \u00b4 s the problem when you oppress so much . 
  you must be from madrid !, 
  welcome to the real world . 
  yes , unfortunately i as a citizen don \u00b4 t get to decide what i do with my money . 
  my government decides that i need to pay a big chunk of my salary in taxes . 
  crazy , huh ? 
  i get your point with andalusia and the south in general , but keep in mind that it happens everywhere . 
  when i look at my paycheck around 100 euros go to east germany . 
  heck , even at the european level you could say that the poorest countries have been `` receiving '' money from the rich countries , and will continue to do so . 
  if catalonia becomes independent , the money they were paying to extremadura might go to romania now . 
  sorry , i don \u00b4 t get this . 
  people were disappointed with erc ( pro-independence party ) so they started pushing more for independence ? 
  what ? 
  this would make sense , but there \u00b4 s so much hatred growing on both sides that they might not play together . 
  actually , i think this is a stupid discussion in spain . 
  i don \u00b4 t see why the basque name has to be used when not speaking in basque . 
  the same way you won \u00b4 t use `` londres '' but london when speaking in english . 
  the name in english according to wiki is either san sebastian or donostia , so he was correct . 
  you 're talking about two extremely wealthy nations there . 
  i do n't see catalonia working very well outside the eu . 
  at the end , i get the feeling this is all about the money . 
  as long as they get a good deal from rajoy , mas will keep postponing it . 
  i think they have , but that does n't matter . 
  all you need is a `` good '' politician that convinces a village that independence will make them richer . 
  just to give you another example : there are lots of places in majorca full of germans or english . 
  if they could choose , i am positive they would prefer not to belong to spain . 
  will of their inhabitants ? 
  well , people in marbella would love to have zero taxes . 
  for the same reason things in hawaii are quite more expensive than in continental us, 
  because it 's catalonia the one that wants to change things , not spain that wants to get rid of catalonia . 
  indeed , this is the main problems i see with these movements - where do you put the boundaries ? 
  why catalonia can ask for independence and marbella can not become a new tax-free monaco ? 
  i do n't see how that 's fair , since you 're punishing the `` old '' country - either by keeping all the debt ( unfair ) or being kicked out of the eu, 
  yes , la real academia de la lengua sets the rules for spanish . 
  you clearly have not tried to learn german, 
  it also depends on the field - it companies tend to work more in english , if you 're doing architecture you 'd rather be fluent in german . 
  oh , i can understand why gibraltar wants to have low tax rates - same goes for liechtenstein , virgin islands , etc. 
  but these havens help a few rich guys and hurt the rest . 
  i think these rules should be forbidden within the eu . 
  also , i am not denying that our government is doing all this to draw attention away , that \u00a8 s quite obvious . 
  well , i ca n't speak for the whole country , but what really pisses me off about gibraltar is that it 's a tax haven : you got more companies than citizens , online gambling , banking . . 
  i do n't understand how we can have these havens in the eu . 
  i totally understand they want to stay within the uk or become independent , who would like to join spain these years ? 
  it 's not about feeling british or spanish , it 's about the money . 
  believe me , i am sorry that you ca n't fill official documents in basque , but saying that your language is being destroyed is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  with the level of autonomy your region has , i would expect most documents are issued in the basque country and not in madrid ( except for the passport , i guess ? 
  but do n't you think that , if a referendum is being held , any province should be allowed to decide ? 
  heck , even aran should be allowed to be independent if they want to ? 
  i fully agree , the differences in spanish are being a bit exaggerated in this thread . 
  i never had problems understanding anyone from the americas - and i travelled there quite a few times . 
  sure , you have to avoid using slang , but that 's pretty much it, 
  i agree with pretty much everything , but at the end the economy plays a huge role in elections . 
  if the economy would be as shitty as last year pp would have 0 chances of keeping power , now they have some, 
  you might have misunderstood my point . 
  i 'm just saying that if we agree with the economic argument , barcelona should try to become independent from tarragona or from any other region that is poorer than them, 
  just to show you another point of view , i 'll comment on the 3 reasons that 6180339887 mentions : 1 - he 's right . 
  just to clarify , i 'd say catalonia 's culture is different from castilla 's culture ( there are other cultures in spain that are also different ) 2 - austerity ? 
  everybody had to put up with it . 
  of course , if the rich regions ( e.g. 
  madrid ) would be independent they would not have to share the money with poorer regions . 
  works pretty much like that in every country and even at the eu level . 
  i 'm sure barcelona would be doing better if they would not give money to tarragona 3 - i partially agree , this is done because , hey , it makes the party in power get more votes . 
  but the same thing applies to certain catalan parties ( ciu , erc ) . 
  generating hatred between the two parts is profitable for some people, 
   refuse to pay then you 're asking society to take care of the kid . 
  that 's why men always are obliged to pay , the burden of single mothers would be huge for the social services . 
   low prices is that really the case in portugal ? 
  while i agree with you that the law is horrible , it was not created to opress separatist nations but just to control pro-left demonstrations, 
  pasteis de belem or no deal, 
   resentment of course there will be resentment . 
  this is like your wife asking for divorce , thinking that she will be happier without you . 
  andalucia would like to have a word . 
  edit : every region that has been ruled by the same party for 20 years is very corrupt . 
  at this point it 's hard to say if this is `` brave '' . 
  sometimes running in front of a bull is not brave but plain stupid . 
  wish the best for greece , but i fear the worst . 
  indeed , if syriza now get a decent deal podemos has a big chance of getting into power in our next elections . 
  and if greece goes bankrupt podemos is out of the game ( although they will still blame the troika for letting them fall ), 
  mixed feelings here , i guess . 
  those voting for leftist parties are indeed sympathetic , while the rest thinks that it 's not fair to offer a better deal to greece , since they all had to go thru the pain of lower salaries and less benefits . 
  technically they could be kicked out if they issue another currency . 
  plus , this is such a big social experiment , one needs to see very carefully how people would behave under these new incentives . 
  might work well or be a terrible idea, 
   maybe sergio busquets or jordi alba are they known to be pro-spain ? 
   important part of spaniards would you be annoyed if they boo els segadors ? 
  uhm ... 
  i think you got me wrong , i was referring to bullfighting ( the previous comment ) , not to the radio program, 
  they have a point , but the big difference is that for cows ( or any other animal ) you 're not making a show of it . 
  you kill them because you 're hungry and want to eat them , not because you enjoy seeing them dying, 
  i think it 's also the fact that in ciudadanos only rivera is known , they lack a national structure . 
  podemos was smarter about this and teamed up with other parties , the women running in madrid and barcelona are not part of podemos and very well known for different reasons . 
  what do you think happened with bildu ? 
  i guess it 's harder to be ruling that being in the opposition ? 
  reasons why this happened ?
