  imho you would have a much stronger case for independence if you simply claim that you don \u00b4 t feel spanish . 
  talking about repression or economic reasons does not really hold when you compare it with other european countries . 
  sorry , but can you stop with the `` continuously attacked '' part ? 
  because it is just false . 
  sure , it was very repressed during franco times , but that was 40 years ago . 
  how is basque repressed nowadays ? 
  can you find a single region/province/historical nation in europe that has the degree of autonomy that euskadi has ? 
  this is the main problem that i see with independent movements , where do you stop it ? 
  rich cities would prefer to pay taxes to themselves . 
  well , if you ask some catalans ... 
  don \u00b4 t even try to convince them . 
  imho they will have a much stronger case if they would just say `` we want to be independent because we don \u00b4 t feel spanish . 
  period '' . 
  the other arguments are very weak in my opinion . 
  culture being eroded ? 
  you have to be kidding me . 
  sure , the central government might have done a few things wrong ( archivos de salamanca and all that ) . 
  that \u00b4 s far from having your culture repressed . 
  this is so true , but reddit seems to believe that catalans and basques were the only repressed ones with franco . 
  my father in madrid had to escape from the police a few times during the regime . 
  question : why is it that euskadi has been so quiet compared to catalonia when it comes to ask for independence ? 
  is pnv waiting to see what happens with catalonia ? 
  i 've been living abroad for a few years and all i read in the news is about catalonia, 
  it 's just an example , i feel like reddit has this idyllic view of independence - yay , freedom for everybody !!, 
  in reality it brings a lot of issues - wars is the first one that comes to my mind . 
  going back to the era of tribes / city states everywhere fighting all the time is not the right step in my opinion . 
  of course , when it comes to catalonia , you 're more than welcome to leave us alone , 
  you probably know the details better , but i think you guys were not nice to the serbs living there either . 
  a few members of kla were prosecuted by the international criminal tribunal . 
  if it would be a clear case of ethnic cleansing of course i would be ok with it ( in my eyes it is not so clear for kosovo , feel free to change my mind ), 
  sure , it is maybe a poor analogy , but do you realize california and texas used to be mexican ? 
  the areas were back in the day populated with white people , now there are more than 50 % latinos in quite a few counties . 
  sorry if it was confusing what i wrote , i am not saying it is the same example . 
  all i am saying is that creating new borders is a very tricky process that has always started wars . 
  and you can not take the ( imho ) simplistic approach of `` democracy and freedom for everybody , if someone wants to create a country , why not '' . 
  but yeah , the land belongs to the people that inhabit it . 
  i do n't deny i am very biased on this topic , but catalonia and basque country are a very different example . 
  personally i am a big fan of removing borders , not creating more - eu all the way let me ask you , imagine that some swedish region receives a lot of inmigration and at some point , because no one really feels swedish , decide to ask for independence . 
  would you be ok with it ? 
  interestingly , this is always the case for the countries i know - local politicians always ask for more power for a reason , not because they care about their region . 
  let me ask you , imagine latinos in la or texas ask for independence and in a few years they 're majority and get more 50 % votes . 
  would you be ok with it ? 
  this . 
  the world would be such a mess if minorities decide to ask for independence . 
  frankly speaking , no one knows if scotland will manage . 
  they might do great , they might end up broke . 
  i feel like a lot of people decide based on their feelings ( braveheart and all that ) and not on rational thoughts . 
  this is not about selling yourself for money , it \u00a8 s about what would be the best for you and the people you care about . 
  some people would say that instead of money you \u00b4 re selling yourself to the stupid idea of nationalism and patriotism . 
  yay , back to city states again !, 
  it 's kind of funny though , as a southern european i find hugs way more personal than ( cheek ) kissing . 
  sigh , yes , thanks, 
  in my experience ( a few years living in germany ) , it varies a lot . 
  some people speak nearly perfect german , others manage to hold a conversation , others are ca n't even say a whole sentence . 
  and i am talking here about people under 35yrs old , and some with a university degree . 
  i dont think people in spain are blaiming the king for the economy . 
  still , giving money to a certain family just because of their family name doesn \u00a8 t help either . 
  i think a lot of us realize that the idea of a monarchy ( someone being king without being elected ) makes no sense nowadays . 
  sigh , i really didn \u00a8 t want to know that, 
  thanks , i had no idea . 
  well , munich was going to bid for it but there was a referendum and the citizens said no ( yay ! ), 
  a bit off-topic , but why are is the independence feeling stronger in scotland than in wales ? 
  it 's not like the welsh i met are very fond of the english . 
  is it because scotland has oil and wales does not have enough resources to survive by themselves ? 
  your *, 
  but they wo n't say that . 
  because next time it might be corsica that wants independence , or northern italy , or some prosperous region is some european country . 
  not respecting the catalan language ? 
  i do n't live there but everytime i travel to barcelona all i see is everybody speaking catalan and all signs are in catalan . 
  in rural areas even more so . 
  is this really the case ? 
  i 'd expect ciu views to very similar to those of pp when it comes to those `` backward laws '' ( just my guess ), 
  you know , there \u00b4 s many tv channels these days , we \u00b4 re not in 1980 anymore . 
  in many many cases that 's true - rich regions do n't want to subsidize rich regions . 
  i just do n't see the point of independence on their side . 
  on the other hand , i am so tired of listening to them complaining about how spain exploits them that i can #t wait for them to be independent . 
  and again , where do you put the boundaries here ? 
  what if my village wants to be an independent nation ? 
  oh dear , don \u00b4 t be so innocent . . politicians first care about power . 
  why do you think mas is pushing for independence now ? 
  because he saw it as a way to get more power ( didn \u00b4 t quite work the way he expected it ), 
  and i do n't see how junqueras would agree to be number 2 when erc can win the elections, 
  related : http://www.nytimes.com/2010/12/06/world/europe/06gypsy.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0, 
  you know , the police would not put the same amount of effort in trying to get a murdered as looking for some romas not sending their kids to school . 
  just not worth it . 
  i am also confused . 
  i \u00a8 ve lived in madrid and berlin and i really think madrid is way more polluted . 
  problem is , you can not afford to be in zurich without a job . 
  i mean , if he picks berlin it \u00a8 ll be tough to find jobs , but his savings wo n't disappear in a couple of weeks . 
  besides that , zurich is wonderful, 
  i seriously hope you will never be in their shoes . 
  do you realize that the only difference between them and you is that you got lucky to be born in europe ? 
  what ? 
  you said before that all subjects except for english and spanish were taught in catalan . 
  how was it then before 2004 ? 
  very strong economy ? 
  you mean as any tax haven ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gibraltar#economy which is exactly what the spaniards are complaining about . 
  gah , i am tired of hearing about `` self-determination of unique people '' . 
  i know it sounds very cool and democratic to be pro-independence of catalonia / basque country / scotland / gibraltar / you name it .
