question for you ... where do you think podemos is fishing out votes ? 
  stealing them from pse&pp ? 
  also pnv ? 
  unless you do n't care at all, 
  do you think your argument was rational ? 
  you can ask for independence for many reasons , disliking your president is not one of them . 
  what ??? 
  i can find 200 better reasons for wanting independence . 
  you got a president you do n't like or you think he 's corrupt or stupid ? 
  well , bad luck , that 's democracy . 
  why not ? 
  because i do n't see their proposals as realistic . 
  sure i do n't want to pay my debts , sure i want to retire when i 'm 62 . 
  plus the fact that pablo iglesias sees venezuela as a good example scares me . 
  believe me , i know way too many venezuelans to know how bad they 're doing . 
  on the other hand , keeping pp or psoe in power doesnt sound like a better idea . 
  yes i seriously would not know who to vote . 
  voting pp and psoe is telling them it 's ok to be corrupt , we will still vote you . 
  voting for podemos sounds scary as well as i think there is no way they can implement their ideas . 
  i never understood tipping ( except for restaurants where you might interact with waiters for some time ) . 
  what 's the point of tipping a taxi driver ? 
  or tipping when you get a beer ? 
  if they think they deserve more money , just put it in the price . 
  it 's just a smart way to milk customers, 
  the question is not why you are paying , but rather why you are paying so much, 
  may i ask you , why do you guys are paying so much ? 
  just being nice ? 
  wan na keep them happy so that they stay with you ? 
  just to clarify , the situation in catalonia is not due to imperialism , spain never conquered catalonia , two ancient kingdoms became one through marriage . 
  as someone that never voted pp or psoe , i think i would still prefer one of those in power instead of podemos . 
  saying `` rich should pay more !, 
  '' , `` we do n't have to pay our debts '' implies that either they do n't know what they 're talking about or they 're just being populists . 
  on the other hand , voting pp or psoe with what we see every day in the news sends a clear message that corruption is ok . 
  but i like your use of the word `` disinfested '' . 
  i think it describes the situation very well . 
  france really cares about culture . 
  italy has the best icecream . 
  portuguese speak way better english than us . 
  oh yes , spain was doing great after the civil war, 
  maybe food is worse in spain ( i have no source either ) , but based on what i see ( spaniard living in bavaria ) : - it 's really hard to find something healthy to eat in a biergarten - germans barely eat any fish - i get curry & pommes at least once a week at work - excluding the bavarian breakfasts on friday, 
  it might be the difference in food too, 
  how was that a shitty example ? 
  conditions in ddr were way better than in 90 % of africa . 
  sorry but you 're so full of shit - move to south sudan or drc and tell me if you would still be posting here . 
  what a coincidence that all smart people are born in rich countries , right ? 
  that 's kind of wishful thinking , is n't it ? 
  spain is a weird place , you get leftists that are monarchists and lots of them are even strong nationalists . 
  it 's not related at all , i should have specified that it was off-topic . 
  you 're reading a bit too far , i was just curious , i would not be surprised . 
  i am currently not living in spain so whenever i read the newspapers i get a probably distorted view of the current situation , and i wanted to get another point of view . 
  with respect to podemos , i see lots of politicians and newspapers criticizing them but support for them keeps growing . 
  may i ask you , would you like podemos to win the elections ? 
  just to clarify , unlike in other countries golf is seen in spain as a hobby for rich people - maintaining golf courses in spain is n't cheap, 
  at the end , all citizens pick the richest country , gibraltar prefers to be british rather than spanish , ceuta and melilla prefer spain over morocco, 
  afaik they do n't , too small to be independent and being part of spain means getting money . 
  i would think they would be no problems with us facing gibraltar ... 
  i mean , i think the spanish government didnt want to allow it because officially we dont recognize it as a country . 
  but i do n't think fans will fight, 
  can you give me examples of spanish people that opresses you ? 
  ok , please enlighten me ... how did i opress you today ? 
  who opresses you ? 
  a guy from andalucia that says that catalonia is part of spain ? 
  then how does he feel whenever you say that he 's robbing you money ? 
  how is catalan nationalism better than spanish nationalism ? 
  they 're both tools used by politicians to hide their mistakes . 
  i think people underestimate the problem of the currency, 
  i totally agree with your statement . 
  now you just need to extend that feeling for everybody carrying any type of flag . 
  indeed , if you feel that decisions should be taken locally and you dont want to share your income with poorer regions , why joining the eu ? 
  yay , finally proud of something !, 
  still hard to explain why there is such a big difference with portugal, 
  i guess tyrol gets a lot of skiers ? 
  i am speechless reading all these comments . 
  i hope they never have to flee anywhere . 
  fyi , what he 's saying is not true - unless he 's a marxist and anything to the right is right wing for him . 
  there are left/wing parties that are unionist ( some of them pro-referendum but still unionist ) , like psoe , iu , podemos . 
  there are also right-wing parties pro independence like ciu , that has been the biggest political party in catalonia since democracy . 
  so this idea of left = independence and right = union is not true . 
  well he \u00a8 s right in that statement . 
  very few individuals are informed enough to decide properly . 
  my lovely mother should not be allowed to vote - she always picks the handsome guy . 
  democracy is not a good system , but unfortunately there is nothing better out there . 
  what i find strange in the independence movement is that you have left-wing parties ( even extreme left-wing like cup , if i am not mistaken ) that are pushing for independence . 
  nationalist movements are typically right-wing . 
  from a left-wing point of view the enemy is not another nation , it \u00b4 s the bourgeoisie . 
  they have an easy solution : call for elections , every party says whether they 're pro or against independence , and then you get an implicit referendum when people vote, 
  i can understand people can be unhappy with this if they think it 's not fair , but then : 1 ) why joining the eu after independence ? 
  catalonia will be giving money to romania instead of andalusia . 
  2 ) they should stop claiming that `` madrid nos roba '', 
  it \u00a8 s as unfair as the system in many countries - the rich provinces always give money to the poor regions . 
  it even happens at the eu level, 
  while this is kinda true , any court would have suspended the referendum - it is clearly against the national constitution . 
  the right way to proceed would be to change the law first . 
  imho catalans would have all the right to complain once they try to change the law , not now . 
  strangely , the push for independence in the basque country has been stronger than in catalonia for many years ... but in the last 5 years or so it has reversed roles and the basque country is playing a quieter role waiting to see what happens . 
  sorry , but i think you \u00a8 re getting paranoid if you think most people want regional languages to be extinct . 
  i couldn \u00b4 t care less about what you speak at home , most citizens have more important problems to deal in life . 
  last time i was in madrid you could select catalan , basque or galician in the atms . 
  regarding lomce , i don \u00b4 t really support it - you could say that there are lots of decisions from the central government that are not aligned with your choices , but that \u00b4 s far away from being opressed and attacked . 
  you make it sound like you \u00b4 re living in a dictatorship .
