  i 'm a soft brexiteer and leaving the single market feels a bit premature if not entirely unnecessary , i 'm certain this is a negotiating tactic because the only advantage i see to leaving now is making it harder for scotland to leave , and even that 's a horrible reason . 
  would n't it be better to maintain single market membership while we forge third party trade deals ? 
  a gradual walk away from europe rather than a running jump , so to speak . 
   you think economic ties were n't close prior to ww1 or ww2 ? 
  not that close as we were able to go to war with each other . 
  if germany and france went to war with one another or placed a complete trade embargo between them both their economies would collapse , this is true for most of europe . 
   and democracy ? 
  well they tend to get along until the country that was a democracy is n't anymore . 
  wait , are you suggesting there is a real chance of any european nations becoming dictatorships ? 
  enough of them to be a serious threat of war ? 
  and that 's even before we consider the deterrents nato and mad are . 
   our economies and levels of development are too different that 's also an argument against european federalisation . 
   i 'd certainly support efforts to form a wider economic union and take it from there . 
  so ... does it follow you 're basically in favour of working towards a single world government ? 
  fair enough i guess , but that 's an ideology i simply do n't share and we 're not going to convince each other . 
   am not surprised at the amount of hostility no hostility , i just think you 're wrong in saying regional cultures are n't celebrated , i already accepted earlier that plenty were actively wiped out . 
  i more or less agree with most of what else you said though , and i have work in 5 hours so i 'm going to bid you goodnight . 
  i 'll thank you to not lecture me on my country 's approach to its culture . 
  i agree , identity is n't all or nothing , but the person i responded to dismissed other identities in favour of just a european identity , that 's what i took issue with . 
  i would question you saying all identities matter equally , that does n't seem to be the case for most people i 've met , over here a lot of people are either british or english/scottish/welsh / northern irish first , sometimes european , nationality is in the eye of the beholder . 
  i presume you 'd be in favour of the us being dissolved in to a federal superstate with the rest of north and south america then ? 
  after all , you 'd definitely top all of wikipedia 's ranking lists and that seems to be your priority . 
  the war was a long time ago and a return to it is unthinkable due to our close economic ties and democratic governments . 
  i do not see why it has to be one extreme or the other with you . 
  yep , a lot of those cultures were stamped out , bloody horribly as well , but also maintain multiple regional cultures while identifying as english/welsh/scottish as well as british and even european . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is though , that because britain maintains local and national identities the same could be achieved across europe ? 
  i 'd argue it already has been and there is a sense of european solidarity , but something more important to people than being british , french , romanian or german ? 
  nope . 
  no , let 's not . 
  but let 's also not pretend promoting the polar opposite in euronationalism would do anything other than exacerbate the issue . 
  pretty much every political ideology has the potential to cause harm, 
  well , just a bit further up that slippery slope is the very idea of a nation state , but we seem to be handling having them . 
  brexit was about a * lot * of things , wanting immigration control or not wanting to be involved in the eu 's integration project was n't caused by the extreme ethnic nationalism needed to wander down the road you 're worried about . 
  i know , but could n't resist the cheap shot after you implied europeans are likely to jump to fascism because they like their own cultures . 
  of course culture is changing , always has and always will , but a continent of cultures suddenly feeling as one after centuries of difference is rather unlikely . 
  i 'm not talking about separation , i 'm talking about celebration , we work together and have things in common , but ultimately this continent is not like the usa , we have vast differences and that 's a * good * thing , the eu 's motto is `` united in diversity '' . 
  most current attempts to pretend we 're all the same are artificial and often fails terribly . 
  if the eu was n't so obsessed with integration , brexit likely would n't have happened . 
   and lets hope to god that `` preserving '' culture does n't take one of its nasty turns as it so often has in europe people who live in glass whitehouses should n't throw stones . 
  trying to preserve our dozens of unique cultures instead of trying to force them in to one european identity ? 
  erm , yeah , we would . 
  europeans tend not to though, 
   the margin was too slim which is why i view eu withdrawal with continued eea and echr membership as the only democratic option . 
   if it was 60 % or more , that would be something it was n't that in northern ireland , does 44 % of northern ireland also misunderstand the situation ? 
  so the referendum only should have counted if remain won then , got it . 
  no doubt you 'd be saying `` but we ** voted !, 
  ** '' to shut up euroskeptics if it was 52 % the other way . 
  not leaving the eu will only cause more chaos now and more trouble in the long run when we inevitably do leave , i 'd rather the ... reasonably , sane government we have now do it than what will be trust in to power after a decade or two of the angry populist-vulnerable voters having their complaints of disenfranchisement legitimised . 
  the uk and irish governments want to keep the border open and no one wants a return to the troubles , i 'm hopeful brussels understands this concern . 
  ultimately , the government was elected to hold a referendum and carry out the result , and therefore , the uk will leave the eu . 
  however , what the government explicitly does * not * have a mandate for is our withdrawal from the common market . 
  oh they 'll never be a ukip majority . 
  enough votes to play spoiler effect for both labour and conservative and maybe even hold the balance of power in a hung parliament ? 
  do n't see why not if the government suddenly decides the referendum they were elected to hold should only have counted if remain won . 
  if we remained that policy would n't be complete and farage would be back , only this time he 'd be able to say `` ukip are the only party who will listen to you '' and , in the eyes of most leave voters , he 'd be right . 
  it 's a lovely tune but other than the two chorus lines the rest is too opera-ey , very hard to sing along too ( and god save the queen is too boring , i envy you guys for having such a fantastic anthem ) however , there is [ another option that is perfect to sing in unison . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpewpk_dl7m&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=4m41s ), 
   ye can waffle on about sovereignty and all that nonsense pretty much every poll put `` sovereignty '' as the top reason and `` immigration '' behind it . 
  i voted leave and while i understand the arguments i personally do n't give a shit about immigration . 
   we are the foreigners you want less of . 
  well , the irish certainly are n't , but i 'm assuming you 're classing all eu citizens as one , in which case , it 's not a matter of wanting less , it 's just wanting a say over who and how many come over . 
  this is something literally every other country in the world does and the eu manages to have pleasant relations and trade with most of them . 
   tourism debatable , legoland windsor makes more revenue than windsor castle , and those castles would be more profitable if they could opened up for tourists instead of being kept as residences . 
   crown estates not owned by the royal family , owned by the legal entity `` the crown '' , which , despite the name and the cgpgrey video , is not controlled by the monarchy . 
   all the pageantry but no power i 'd argue there being nothing to overpower the house of commons is n't a good thing . 
   to allow the armed forces to launch a coup just as easily done by having them swear allegiance to the people . 
  just fyi `` british isles '' is n't a good term to use , neither government uses it and the irish tend to get a bit touchy when you tell them they 're on a british isle . 
  `` britain and ireland '' is probably the best we have , just hope the isle of manners do n't kick up a fuss . 
  i 'll have you know my name is death to shitposters , freedom for reddit, 
  / r/killthosewhodisagree suppose that strategy has its place in irish political history , 
  k . but that wo n't suddenly change the fact that we 've voted to leave . 
  but nigel is n't elected to any office here ... 
  my point was n't about which countries * should * be on the council , it 's about the countries that are . 
  the uk is one of them , it 's wishful thinking on your part to pretend we 're an irrelevance . 
   britain is just a small spot on the globe . 
  odd , last time i checked we were the 5th largest economy and a permanent member of the un security council ... 
   they 're addicted to a drug called `` sovereignity '' blame ireland , they spent ages going on about it we wondered what we were missing out on , scotland 's been gradually using and saying they can quit anytime they want , whereas england and wales went on a massive bender together and show no signs of coming off it . 
  so trade deal signed by christmas 2028, 
   all the small countries are in eastern europe except the netherlands , belgium , luxembourg , lichtenstein , andorra , vatican and iceland, 
  i do n't think anyone really minds about tourists , after all the eu has visa free travel with a lot of the world , what they care about is people being able to live and work here , we do n't need a hard border to stop eu citizens from doing that . 
  yeah , that 'll be the kicker * i 'm dreaming , of a sooooofffffttttt brexitttttt *, 
  the uk and ireland have both said they want to keep the border open, 
  never said they did n't , just the idealism , hashtags and english made me think of that stereotype, 
  / r/killthosewhodisagree, 
  that sign really does come across like it was written by some 18 year old on their gap yah, 
  i know the eu would fund it , my point was i ca n't see them meeting the level of funding the uk currently provides . 
  the thought of the eu coughing up the money is probably even funnier, 
  ah c'mon what 's a little genocide between brothers just a prank bro, 
  there are some things you should n't joke about, 
   leave does n't get economic/governmental independence pretty much does , only has to follow eu laws that relate to economic regulations and can form trade deals . 
  immigration was another big one , and while it 's not what they want there is an emergency break and we would n't have to treat eu citizens like our own , which would dissuade unskilled immigration . 
   remain does n't get ability to vote in the eu . 
  turnout for the last eu election was just 36 % and the most popular party was ukip , always felt like remain voters wanted single market membership and free movement , only ever brought up voting rights when leave endorsed the eea brexit . 
  you are handling this thread so damn perfectly, 
  as gawd as my witness , that empire is broken in half, 
  do n't talk shit about glorious british whisky ... ahem , i mean , seems you 're doing alright so far , even managing to annoy someone from the imperial/better end of the island !, 
  no worries , pissing off the jocks is in my blood . 
   englishmen in skirts ftfy, 
   scotland is just british and that 's the best way to irritate a scot !, 
  that 's the problem though , they 're citing polls that were within or a couple of percent out of the margin of error to dismiss polls with 10 % + gaps,
