  i think if you look to the north you 'll see that you ca n't merge countries together under a new identity and expect everyone to accept it, 
  `` british north america '' really is a nicer name for the great white north , 
  and there i was thinking i was just explaining something about british politics that you seemed mistaken on , but any excuse to go `` hahah the uk is shit '' with you i guess . 
  `` hey , you 're a good friend and i like having you visit , but i 'd rather not live with you '' `` you fucking monster '', 
  they were brown 's four tests and i do n't see how this is `` blaming '' the eu for anything , blair wanted us to join the euro and so did most political commentators at the time , brown was the chancellor and had the final say , so to appease blair instead of saying `` no '' he devised four tests that he would decide if the euro passed . 
  and luckily for us it never passed those tests . 
  morocco asked to join and was denied because it was n't a european nation , on those grounds i ca n't see australia being admitted anytime soon, 
  well , yes , although i ca n't imagine there will be a way for that to be possible if the eu demands uniformity . 
  no , i 'm comparing scotland to the rest of the uk . 
  ironically , in scotland , it appears free tuition helps out middle class applicants more than working class ones . 
  i 'm from and studied in england , i have a lot of debt but am not making enough to start repayments on it yet ( it 's something like 3 % of anything i make over # 21,000 a year i think ) , it will be written off in 30 years and i 'll pay a minuscule amount of my salary to the loan repayments , it 's more like a small graduate tax than it is a debt . 
  i graduated with over 40k of student debt . 
  i came from a poor single parent household and it 's the best thing i 've ever done . 
  in scotland , where university is free , fewer working class people apply , the loans * look * scary but they do n't put anyone off . 
  then would n't making the uk hate the eu be a bad idea ? 
  if you want us to come back , that is . 
  if europe is to be united , it should be through making the eu clearly the best option for all countries , not through fear of hostility if one leaves . 
  [ if only ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_federation ), 
  [ we should be ashamed of ourselves ] ( https://youtu.be/hlmqaai_eba?t=29s ), 
  a british act going on eurovision would be a good way to kill their career , it 's an evening of european strangeness followed by celebrating how bad we do for us . 
  well that 's one way of spinning it . 
  i 'm not so sure , i 'm a soft brexiteer who voted leave . 
  it does n't show a majority for a hard brexit and i do n't think there is a mandate for one , but what that graph shows is that a majority of uk voters polled want to leave . 
  yes , i know they did . 
  i never said a small minority * voted * to remain , i said a small minority are * still arguing * to remain . 
  there was a swing to remain after the referendum , but now `` remain '' is at [ 23 % ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2017/01/16/public-split-what-kind-brexit-they-think-governmen/ ) i 'd like to clarify i said it was a small minority that were * still * in favour of remain , not who voted in the referendum . 
  kind of rude to call all of scotland and northern ireland remain voters . 
  do you have any evidence for that ? 
  i meant how high eu immigration leads to us placing harsher controls on non-eu immigration in order to keep immigration under control . 
  is it fair that it 's harder for an argentinian engineer to move over here than it is for a german bartender ? 
  yes , they will , this is a formality . 
  we might actually get negative points this year, 
  you 're right , generally we 're just waiting for the country to roll up its sleeves and get on with it , a very small minority are still arguing to remain . 
  it was n't really , immigration ( uncontrolled eu immigration causing the limiting of non-eu immigration ) and sovereignty ( both current and long term with ever closer union ) were the biggest leave arguments , that poster was only released about a week or two before the vote . 
  not surprised ukip took that route though , but ukip voters were a minority of leave voters . 
  practically the british-french border is in calais , and those current rules and regulations also led to them getting that far , voting leave was , to some , a way to make sure that fewer of them came ( not a smart or realistic reason imo but i 'm just explaining the poster was n't racially motivated )  ( calais is in france , just in case you did n't know ) no need to be patronising, 
   that 's splitting hairs no it is n't , some nazis campaigned for leave but they were n't the leave campaign . 
   so why it was an issue in the referendum is bizarre to say the least our money is being used to handle it and it 's sat right on our border , you do n't think it makes us a tad nervous and says things about the eu 's management style ? 
  [ alright then ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence ) the snp are a good party against weak opposition , they had a majority government before the referendum was called , but their popularity did n't translate to a yes vote . 
  it 's more than they 're low-pay workers moving in large groups to poor areas and increasing competition for what little work there is there . 
  no one cared about free movement when it was with countries with comparable economies . 
  ( even though , * shudder * , they were non anglo saxon countries , and we 've had free movement with celtic ireland for a century )  the leave campaign nigel farage was not part of the leave campaign . 
  he campaigned for leave , but the actual campaign was vote leave , the one with boris johnson , michael gove and that fucking bus . 
  that poster is clearly about the eu 's failure to handle the migrant crisis which is a legitimate criticism . 
  not to mention i do n't see how not wanting people flowing in to your country uncontrolled ( regardless of colour ) is racist . 
  so * that 's * why british comedy has gone downhill a bit since the eighties ... no one tell the daily mail . 
   not places with brown people in them if that 's true , why was the campaign to end free movement with white countries ? 
  you might wan na quit while you 're behind . 
  ( inb4 just like britain will ), 
  everyone brings that up like brexit makes it untrue , scotland will be out of both the uk and eu following an independence vote and that fact was another part of an anti-instability campaign for no ( alongside the dangers to currency , public spending , the economy and immigration with ruk ) the majority of scottish and ruk politicians think the eu is a good , important thing , but we 're talking about the scottish people as they are who the questions of independence and eu membership will fall to . 
  yeah but the scottish redditor explained why it 's more likely to be tactical voting than actual eu approval . 
  if you 're a unionist , you 'd vote remain to make the uk remain vote stronger to stop another referendum , if you 're a nationalist , you 'd vote remain to make the scottish remain vote stronger and the argument for independence in the event of an overall leave vote . 
  interestingly , scottish eu approval jumped up over 20 points as it became clear it was a stick for nationalists to beat their drum with , but i 'm sure that 's a coincidence . 
  leave had no major appeal to either side of the biggest issue in scotland right now and still managed nearly 40 % , and when you keep in mind an independent scotland would not be in the uk 's position ( a large country with many opt outs ) , it is n't quite as open and shut to assume `` this region of the uk voted remain therefore it wants to be in the eu more than the uk '', 
  i see continental humour is as sharp as ever, 
  i like how someone from scotland said `` yeah we like the eu but probably not massively for these reasons '' and you just said `` nah , be quiet '' most english & welsh politicians and the uk 's prime minister were for remain , but look what happened . 
  i 'd be careful in assuming politicians accurately represent the people , they always have motives other than representation . 
  over a third of snp supporters voted leave , for example , but you would n't know it based on the actions of their mps and leader . 
  except it 's not , really though , is it ? 
   sweet no-strings-attached-free-trade deal with the eu before we said we 'd be leaving this was `` single market membership without free movement '' , good to see you 're downgrading our apparently insane preferences  if the city looses its eu passport rights the likelihood of this was a massive part of the campaign and every leave voter knew and accepted this risk  everything that will not go the way of the uk , some more whining every brexiteer agrees that there will be a short term economic cost to leaving the eu , this accepts that not everything will go our own way  it 's like watching a 4 year old toddler not getting it 's candy pretty rich from someone who wrote a massive rant when someone said `` hey , maybe punishment is n't a great idea '', 
  then we 're in agreement . 
  the comment i responded to literally said `` punished '', 
  i know but the comment literally called for us to be punished . 
  and funding independence movements really a game the eu wants to get in to ? 
  not complaining about that , just saying there 's a difference between looking out for your own interests and punishing someone, 
  i see that now you 're going the `` they did it too ! '', 
  defence . 
  funny thing is before the result came in we were all rightly laughing at the idea of a second referendum . 
  no , i 'm saying `` you 'd do the same '' do you seriously think anyone would say `` oh , well , alright then , we 'll have another referendum '', 
  nothing says `` democratic and successful union '' like punishing those who leave . 
  i bet a lot of remain voters would say `` but we * voted !, 
  * '' to silence euroskeptic opinions if it was 52 % the other way . 
  usually a pm would be insane to try to erase or overstep devolution , in these circumstances they 'd have to be a raving english nationalist because doing that would destroy the uk . 
  the plan is to maintain all current eu law and include the input of the devolved parliaments , this question and the continued pretense that evel excludes scottish mps from votes is just the snp being the snp by trying to pretend scotland is oppressed and ignored . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you mean , the devolved parliaments handle devolved issues and westminster overruling them would be political suicide , are you saying the devolved parliaments should have a say on english devolution ? 
  for the millionth time . 
  english votes for english laws does ** not ** block non english mps from voting , it simply means that the english mps must vote in favour of it before the rest of the house votes , so the scottish mps can still vote against an english only law even if the english mps vote in favour of it ( changes to english sunday trading laws is an example ) . 
  i can only imagine the outcry if england actually had devolution ... a better name would be english vetos for english laws . 
  i thought it was the romanians coming to steal our jobs and benefits and the eu making our bananas straight we 're supposedly obsessed with ? 
  yeah , sure mate , we 're mortal enemies with nothing in common . 
  have a lovely evening . 
  it 's more than you ( not the irish , just you ) bring it up at every opportunity you have , yes , it was terrible , but it was so long ago even the great grandchildren of those responsible have died of old age , care to hazard a guess as to what number world war we 'd be up to if europe let past injustices define international relations ? 
  there are plenty of areas of modern , relevant areas of irish-british relations you could praise or criticise if you really want to dislike us that much . 
  trying to use the famine as a reason for ireland to be hostile towards the uk ( and questioning the nationality of your countrymen who do n't hate us ) makes you look like a raving nationalist . 
  you just seem to put such effort into hating us . 
  very clear as it happened 150 years before i was born . 
   they halved our population under direct rule do you have trouble sleeping at night if you 've gone a day without mentioning this ? 
   being glared at across the channel . 
  ahh , just like the good old days !, 
  which is why we 're ending free movement with mostly white countries ... 
  i voted leave and see myself as a european ama, 
  i am also in the uk , can confirm you 're talking shit . 
  `` europe is just a short term for `` continental europe '' you 'll notice no one says this when they go to ireland , you really have overthought this . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd agree , but even so a thread-by-thread bias is better than / r/uk 's rabid pro-remain echo chamber, 
  iceland is such a slut, 
  those points are fair , except for `` we have no input what so ever into the rules that get applied across the eu . 
  '' , etfa members are consulted , they just do n't get a vote . 
  but yeah , immigration is the kicker . 
  we would n't be in the same position , we 'd be able to form independent trade deals , have full control of our fisheries , an immigration `` emergency break '' , follow up to 75 % fewer eu laws , likely pay less in membership fees and be clearly out of `` ever closer union '' one foot in and one foot out of europe is britain 's natural position , being a non-eu single market member would suit us quite well . 
  ah , just you saying it needs to happen confused me a bit .
