build temporary shelters until the government finds a safe way to deport them . 
  which translates to doing literally nothing at all except have some racist policemen beat the migrants up and leave them out in the scorching sun on the streets until they either starve to death or decide to stay illegally , in which case the entire country will complain about `` black people ruining everything '' . 
  it does n't help that we are n't legally allowed to send them to their actual destinations due to eu regulations . 
  10/10 best solution, 
  reddit user thinks people who do not want to die in poverty are literal psychopaths . 
  more at 9 . 
  very interesting and concise input . 
  let 's see if i can give you a good answer . 
  i do n't know how to make those `` quote '' things ( kinda new to reddit ) , so bear with me . 
  1st point : you mentioned a reduction in risk , which makes up for a reduction in profit . 
  can you elaborate a little on it ? 
  as i understand it , you 're basically talking about how the eu secured those loans in the long-term instead of short-term , or am i wrong ? 
  if that 's the case , the way i see it , they 're basically binding their time by selling a lie to both their own people and the greeks ( that being that austerity measures are actually efficient ) . 
  what i 'm saying is that they are prolonging the process in order to add up more interest . 
  i am no economist either , so my language is a bit low tenor etc , but i hope you understand what i 'm trying to say . 
  2nd point : there was no official statement that imposed this in any way , to my knowledge . 
  i think it was mostly a rather suspicious `` side effect '' of imposing the memorandum . 
  kind of like `` stop spending so much money ... here ... buy this cool shit i personally made instead ... it 's good shit , bro '' . 
  it does n't help that german products tend to be cheaper than greek ones , which in turn means they actually find a good `` audience '' here . 
  3rd point : precisely . 
  keeping those public sectors purely greek would ensure a steady income flow . 
  we 're talking about national utility companies here . 
  instead of that , we were told to auction them off , even after raising their rates ( as in , how much electricity costs monthly ) or including taxes in the bill . 
  as to why no rich greek man decided to buy any of these utility companies , i have no idea or data from which to draw ideas . 
  i would suppose the foreign companies raised the stakes higher than the rich greek guys could manage , but that 's just an assumption . 
  in either case , we were forced to remove a significant asset . 
  4th point : yes , but that 's the problem ... people make mistakes and the program failed . 
  the imf used greece as testing grounds for more severe austerity measures in comparison to other countries and when they saw that they had the opposite effect , they refused to back off and change the plan . 
  our previous government did nothing but bent the knee and try to/implement everything as they were told , but the thing is they either could n't do it effectively in this economy or they did it effectively , which in turn worsened the economy so other measures were no longer applicable . 
  5th point : actually , the official unemployment rate in greece is 35 % ( the unofficial is much higher due to lack of records ) and the same as spain in youth unemployment , 60 % ( at least officially ) . 
  and it 's just that ... most of us are these poor people that work 10h a week for 300 euros a month . 
  i 'm not talking just about greece , but all eastern or southern european countries that fall under the same category . 
  how we ended up trying to crap out money we do n't have for a debt that was n't our fault ( as the people , not as a constitution/country ) is incomprehensible to me . 
  but where all that crapped-out money goes is kind of less mysterious . 
  i would assume that government officials and bankers somehow end up with very fat pockets all of a sudden ... 
  thank you for your kind words !, 
  best of luck to you as well , wherever you are !, 
  thank you for your understanding . 
  sadly , it 's not just me , but the majority of the greek population . 
  i see . 
  i do n't understand why they would insist on `` helping '' greece so much if there was no profit in it for them . 
  saving their own hides certainly counts as profit . 
  if the fate of greece was not somehow tied to theirs , we would be left to crash and burn harder than we already are . 
  greece must pay back what it owes , that is only fair and understandable . 
  however , as it stands , the debt is not viable and shoving most of the weight of paying it back to people who are not blame for it and , most importantly , do n't have the means to do so is not only unfair , but quite idiotic in truth . 
  the debt can be paid and i want to pay it back for the same reason you mentioned : i do n't want my children to suffer for things they were n't even born to witness . 
  but , this is no way to pay it . 
  demanding money from people who do n't have it , imprisoning them or foreclosing their property and forcing them to live in the streets wo n't get anyone paid . 
  the debt will only become larger and larger , meanwhile everyone points fingers at tax evasion , when taxes are largely targeted at people who literally ca n't pay taxes in the first place . 
  i was mostly referring to the governments who want to impose more austerity measures upon the greek people . 
  any government official that supports this course of action and has the power to act upon it , that is . 
  as for what kind of exploitation i am referring to , well , here 's the thing . 
  no european country is sitting there , busting their balls to `` help '' greece out of their pure heart of gold . 
  they are making profit out of it . 
  for instance , ever since the austerity measures were well established in our economy , there was a significant rise in german imports . 
  also , a lot of public sectors were auctioned to private detainers and to my knowledge , bought by foreign companies . 
  even if that is somehow disproven , there is still the fact that our debt is n't viable this way , we can not afford to pay back that much and those governments , disregarding our situation entirely , force us to cough up money that we ca n't afford to lose if we actually want to stir our economy instead of just paying back a debt . 
  basically , instead of giving a poor man a job and asking him to pay you back a bit of what he owes you each month , you beat him up and just demand of him to somehow find the money by `` stop spending so much '' . 
  that 's what i mean , i hope my explanation was clear enough !, 
  sadly , with 20 euros to my name and an unfinished university education , that option is not yet viable for me . 
  if we 're still in the eu in a year or two , it will be , though . 
  i do intend to leave at some point anyway , as do most people my age . 
  it might be as you say . 
  at this point though , there is too much misinformation going around for anyone to be 100 % sure , hence the indecisiveness !, 
  still thinking about it . 
  got ta say , the time window for this referendum is suspiciously short . 
  i never said i am proud of my country . 
  i actually quite hate it , in fact . 
  wanting some human decency despite the fact that you were born in a shitty consitution does n't count as whining in my book . 
  for instance , blaming all americans and treating them like garbage over the wars in the middle east would be unfair . 
  they did n't all participate or support these wars . 
  similarly , not every greek is to blame for the crisis . 
  it 's kind of the same deal . 
  i do n't understand why you 're getting so heated up , my friend . 
  especially since i never meant to be rude or non-understanding . 
  i think you have completely misunderstood what i meant , but hey . 
  what can i do about it ? 
  hope your day brightens up a little !, 
  i see nobody whining here , except for you , my friend . 
  bad day ? 
  i am equally angry with them as well , my friend , there 's no sense in dissing the greek government when addressing mostly other europeans though . 
  i leave the greek-government-dissing for other forums etc. 
  sorry if it came out as if i 'm only blaming the eu or something . 
  as a greek : i wanted to chime in and add that a significant amount of the people i come in contact with daily are indecisive about the referendum . 
  the media clearly states that voting `` no '' means an immediate grexit , but the thing is that most of the people i know ( including me ) do n't really want to leave the eu . 
  we just want to stop being the victims in this game of money . 
  we want to stop being blamed for something we had no part in and taking the weight of correcting the mistakes others have made on our backs . 
  now , i know most of you will say `` hey , you stupid greek , it 's your fault for voting for this or that corrupt government '' . 
  sit down and listen for a sec . 
  i am 21 years old . 
  i did n't get to vote until years after the first memorandum . 
  how is this my fault , my friends ' fault ? 
  and now think about this for a sec : how is it the fault of families who never voted for such parties or who were already poor before the whole country went to shit ? 
  that 's my problem here . 
  all of us understand the fact that the eu has contributed to many advancements in terms of structure and society throughout the years , but that does n't mean that makes me or any of us want to bend over and take a nice hot wurst up our tight little greek asses . 
  honestly . 
  we just want you to stop trying to exploit the country and try to make some logical terms together with us . 
  that 's what we want . 
  at least , as i see it . 
  other people may have different experiences .
