romania stronk, 
  we have enough pigs already . 
  if it was n't for the weighter ( which itself is affect by this and therefore creates error ) i 'm pretty sure you could actually calculate the volume of the rock . 
  initial weight - the force of buoyancy = new weight . 
  the force of buoyancy = the weight of the water being displaced by the object . 
  and knowing that water has a mass of 18 g/mol you can calculate the volume . 
  nice physics problem . 
   the rock should weigh an equal amount in water + the weight of the water pushing on top of it they forgot `` minus the weight of the water being displaced by the object '' . 
  in other words , buoyancy . 
  water creates pressure . 
  pressure which is higher the deeper you go because more and more water pushes down . 
  this in change push any less dense object upwards . 
  like how a balloon floats on water . 
  now , a rock is dense enough that it can reach the bottom and not float but it 's still impacted by buoyancy . 
  it gives * the illusion * that it 's lighter . 
  the same illusion you have when you 're swimming . 
  when in reality it 's just as heavy but a new force is pushing it upwards . 
  may i add that none of this would make any sense without gravity . 
  the point is that the weight stays the same , the only difference there is is that there are new forces at work here . 
  density is mass/volume . 
  you still need a force in order to explain why objects fall , retard . 
  ah ... and what does density have to do with this ? 
  gravity as a force is an observable phenomenon . 
  it 's not a theory . 
  what you 're referring to is relativity , the theory which explains gravity . 
  what ... 
  well yeah ... 
  they really do n't want to get in the eu with the rest of us , do they ? 
  gravity in itself is n't a theory . 
  it 's either a force or the curvature of space-time , depending on which brach of physics you 're on . 
  what you 're referring to is relativity . 
  the explanation of what causes gravity as a force ( which is an observable phenomenon ) . 
  i actually disagree . 
  evolution as a theory does n't describe or catalogue the evolution of species here in earth . 
  it 's just backed-up by it . 
  it 's a universal concept that describes how species will always change and adapt through natural selection . 
  therefore it ca n't be refined or changed because as a concept , it already explains everything . 
  `` incomplete '' ? 
  how ? 
  depends on what you understand by `` opposing '' . 
  in the end , people have the freedom to believe what they want and taking away that freedom does n't usually end well, 
  and alternatives are n't silly ? 
  are you a troll or ... ? 
  r/christianity user , of course ... 
  `` unproven theory '' is a tautology . 
  a theory in itself is something impossible to * prove without a doubt * . 
  a theory can be supported by all evidence out there and still it would not be considered a fact because there 's still that one small and improbable chance that it might be wrong . 
  another user compared evolution with gravity but that 's not a good analogy . 
  gravity as a force , as a phenomenon , exists . 
  it is a observable phenomenon and we have mathematical laws ( newton ) that explain how it acts . 
  * what causes gravity * though is not that clear , even though pretty much everybody agrees that * relativity * ( einstein 's theory ) , which is backed up by tons of evidence is the answer . 
  some providers have just adopted it early, 
   4 $ / month that a typo ? 
  some here and i 'm from romania . 
  though i only get 6gb . 
  but it also includes a subscription to a music app . 
  you do n't see me complaining, 
  ah ... with organizations like this is all about creating awareness , man, 
  is n't that only part of the agreement though ? 
  the other being the funding of international projects or aid towards developing countries that need green energy sources ? 
  [ this is such nonsense ] ( http://climatenexus.org/cop21-myths ), 
  [ no , they 're not ] ( http://climatenexus.org/cop21-myths ), 
  what 's not to agree ? 
  it 's goals are to help countries like china and india to develop green energy sources and reduce co2 emissions . 
  do you realize how retarded that sounds ? 
  refugees are not immigrants . 
  it 's complete nonsense , just like most climate change denial arguments http://climatenexus.org/cop21-myths, 
  [ have a read . 
  ] ( https://www.skepticalscience.com/climate-change-little-ice-age-medieval-warm-period.htm ), 
  how do they `` benefit '' ? 
  germany is indeed quite right-wing . 
  but of course the us is so far right-wing that everything left of ancap-nationalism is considered marxism . 
  this comment is so cringy it could pass as satire . 
  fuck healthcare , fuck international relations , fuck the climate , fuck everything and just focus on fear-mongering . 
  is n't it funny that the biggest pro-trump argument these people use is violent incidents in europe since the refugee crisis ? 
  something that does n't even affect the us and never will ? 
  he also said he wo n't cut funding to public healthcare . 
  whales take pictures ? 
  what ? 
  you 're seriously retarded, 
  it could also mean high levels of tax evasion like in greece here . 
  where tourism is a big part of the economy but it 's very unregulated . 
  the gdp per capita does n't really reflect how much the average person in a country makes . 
  consumption in fact does it more . 
  he looks fabulous, 
  this is certainly going to end well, 
  neah , romas are gypsies . 
  no , no . 
  let them think that . 
  it 's easier when they do n't see it coming, 
  we honest people, 
  see ? 
  people like you are why macron won !, 
  this is why macron won, 
  go back to r/incels, 
  pathetic fearmongering, 
  that makes no sense ... yeah , i understand americans not voting in order to protest their two party system but the same argument does n't work for you . 
  both macron and le pen got the biggest amount of votes in the first election . 
  why are you against the eu ? 
  man do n't you know the jews are responsible for everything including the holocaust ?
