  still a positive development that they 're not ruling into senility , and as with the resignation of the pope , hopefully this will lead to the position being treated as more of a job ( with the accountability that comes with it ) than a role . 
   in a national televised address , the 79-year-old monarch said he would step down in favour of his son crown prince philippe , 53 , on 21 july , belgium 's national day . 
   he said his health was no longer good enough to fulfil his duties , and it was time to `` pass on the torch to the next generation '' . 
   he said philippe was `` well prepared '' to be his successor . 
  x-post / r/republicanism, 
  i honestly thought this was the onion , i do n't know why putin would care about the superbowl , let alone some ring . 
  he 's more likely to want to steal one of zenit 's cups , which is a ridiculous thing anyway . 
  i 'm half-russian from my dad , and my dad is gay . 
  my ` babushka ' wo n't tell the rest of the family because of what you say . 
  having heterosexual allies can be a hurdle to jump for such a movement to become mainstream , but at least you considered it . 
  i think you 're underestimating the prevalence of homophobia . 
  having said that , i hold a british passport so i wo n't ever be in that position . 
  without googling ( which is what this post is about , right ? ), 
  i feel that estonia has started treating the diaspora better since it joined the eu and had to liberalise citizenship laws , and that the minority is n't really a beachhead for russian influence but i do n't know . 
  here you go - http://media.web.britannica.com/eb-media/26/52826-004-b9954e3e.gif, 
  the creator could n't be bothered drawing a line east of the urals . 
  yeah i would n't expect either of them to be good . 
  if russia had been on the map for debt levels though !, 
  oh well , not really a good trade off in my opinion . 
  so for once russia gets included in these infographics , and ... :( (, 
  [ pdf of source from eurostat . 
  ] ( http://politicaldeficit.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/2-15052013-ap-en.pdf ) the stock markets were added in , as before i saw the actual gdp release at 10am , they set the scene in a way . 
  also , i 'm not claiming to be an economist , but i do n't think i got carried away in my ` analysis ' . 
  with a name like callum , only half . 
  i put it as my flair though , as i know a bit about russian politics ( though more fp than domestic admittedly ) . 
  neither do i  ) also , i 'd have no trouble believing that a majority of people would want to be in the eu , but the same majority might not believe that russia is a virtual mafia state . 
  i do n't think every russian would agree with that statement . 
  same here , just because it 's more permanent than whatever i 'm renting in a certain year . 
  the image does n't even compare that . 
  i get the point of privacy ( if that 's what you mean sorry if it is n't ! ), 
  but when it 's government funds its a different pot of fish . 
  oops , and english is my first language !, 
  there 's a consensus that he 's not as professional as elizabeth , and that he has some controversial and elitist views . 
  i 'd also point out that he has abused his constitutional role with undue influence . 
  i think i should point out that i 'm the head honcho of / r/republicanism so might not be his biggest fan , even if we 're both big fans of quinlan terry . 
  i think it 's more the tradition that 's associated with it , which we could keep if we abolished the queen . 
  nobody goes to saudi arabia because they have hereditary heads of state , 
  i 'd agree with you on elizabeth , but certainly not charles - especially when people i knew were pressured by him over the chelsea barracks . 
   in essense the crown lands are already owned by the people , in it 's current form we get all the profits , that would change with the removal of the monarchy do you mean the crown estate ? 
  it is , and always has been , government property - http://www.thecrownestate.co.uk/about-us/ crown does not mean queen elizabeth , though i agree the duchies are tricky , as they were created with a constitutional role in mind that would then be obsolete . 
  well at least qeii could finally get some retirement time off . 
   if they ever realize that she 's making money for the uk my drunk arguments will be ruined . 
  there 's not really any evidence for this , especially if you consider how the monarch 's true costs are exempt from the freedom of information act ; if they were value for money then surely they would n't ? 
  i 'm assuming that by the ` crown lands ' , gontak means the crown estate which was never the private property of the monarch . 
  george iii gave the government to parliament and all its estates ( which included the crown estate ) , it 's confusing because of the wording ( crown , monarch etc. ), 
  but it states pretty clearly on the crown estate 's ` about us ' section of their website . 
  not now that spud 's has closed down , 
  russian means more opportunities , but i 'm guessing something like polish would be easier to pick up . 
  your call . 
  plenty of jobs in it , at least i know there are near where i am in belfast . 
  not much else though , 
  try norn iron . 
  oh i know but it 's still more important than pussy riot , which does n't even translate!thanks for the heads up anyway though, 
  imo they 're a distraction to genuine issues like some of the ones you brought up the other day . 
  when pussy riot were in the news in russia the debate was n't about abuses of power but secularism vs. orthodoxy , at the same time kasparov had been arrested and nobody cared because they were all beating their drums and distracted by the colourful symbols and how hot some of them were . 
  the thing about these kind of protests of sexualised young women and provocative catch phrases like with pussy riot and femen is that they serve as distractions from genuine abuses of power . 
   the case in russia is no longer a debate about free speech , but one about secularism/orthodoxy . 
  whilst the world and domestic focus has been on pussy riot , the two most significant members of the opposition to date are being pressured out of public discourse . 
    at a rally in moscow , gary kasparov ( the chess grandmaster ) was imprisoned by police and beaten in the process . 
  alexei navalny , a blogger who coined many of the famous phrases of the opposition , is on trial for embezzlement with a timber company . 
  he was the only russian to be in time magazine 's 100 most influential people this year , and now a punk band is overshadowing him . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.speakerschair.com/post/russia-media-coverage-of-pussy-riot-is-counter-productive ), 
  [ a political commentator on russia tweeted something to that effect ] ( https://twitter.com/markadomanis/status/321218805768531968 ), 
  there was actually a split between the german and other groups for this general reason iirc . 
  but parliament decides who sits on the crown , and ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) i 'm pretty sure that if they abolished the monarchy the crown would still be there , albeit vacant . 
  i do hope i 'm not getting mixed up again , international politics is my strong point and i 'm talking domestic domestic domestic tonight . 
  it 's more of a joke than anything . 
  just because charles is n't so popular and that he 's being unprofessional in a way that elizabeth never would that some people call him a false flag republican !, 
  we both know i 'm really not saying that , hell i linked to a post that solely talked about how bad election fraud was in certain parts . 
  i agreed with a lot of your initial points which certainly did n't reflect well on russia , such as the right of assembly which is * huge * in any democracy . 
  yet you 're still treating me like all i know is doublespeak . 
  the way you write makes you sound like a native speaker of english and better !, 
  thanks marmulak !, 
  it 's confusing though , and people have to be reminded the difference when the names become important - http://www.thecrownestate.co.uk/about-us/ - `` the property we manage is owned by the crown , but is not the private property of hm the queen . '', 
  even people who agreed with the government got sent to prisons . 
  there were loads of communists in the gulags , and work rivals could easily enough send you away for a ten year sentence just by whispering a few words to a buddy . 
  also , say you 're a journalist and you get told to investigate a story about corruption . 
  you could do your job well and expose the corruption but find out that the criminals have connections and face a show trial , or do your job badly and find out that the higher-ups were counting on you to eliminate a dissenter/something . 
  there were a lot of lose-lose situations there . 
  i think the crown can be separated from the monarchy in a republic , in britain when talking politics the crown is the government and the monarch is the individual - something that may persist if britain becomes a republic ( which would be more likely with prince charles ) without affecting any republican values . 
  also shout out to / r/republicanism whilst we 're on to the topic . 
  yep you 're on a roll freedom fighting for us commies . 
  i was born in hammersmith i 'm hardly out to pick fights with `` western imperialists '' , `` babe '' . 
  run along with your orientalist prejudice . 
  also do n't mention palestine and be careful what you bring back !, 
  i was actually visiting jewish family in israel but brought back a bible in arabic ( and english ) as a novelty for my grandmother but they thought it was a quran and tried to take it away . 
  there 's some good analysis of that one here - http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=ru&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;eotf=1&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fkireev.livejournal.com%2f767870.html - russian elections are recorded live by webcam and this person was just sitting and watching . 
  iirc the 110 % was a mistake on a tv graphic but it 's pretty close to the truth there anyway as the post shows . 
  there 's russia and then there 's the regions . 
  overall though it does n't make such a difference that the elections are n't fair - http://darussophile.com/2011/06/18/are-russian-elections-rigged/ - it could prove that russia is n't a democracy like you said though depending on your definition . 
  i know about exile , i even bought gary brecher 's book on their new website . 
  there 's a lot to be said about them though , they were n't exactly the greatest putin critics . 
  they were ridiculously anti-georgia in the s. ossetian war for example . 
  [ vanity fair gives an overview as well ] ( http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/features/2010/02/exile-201002 ) and there were rumours at the time that the bureaucrats were just looking for a bribe . 
  i think russia lacks the same power but is made up for its improved image . 
  i was actually born in hammersmith so i can understand with the uk , i think it 's just you miss the amount of time when you were younger . 
  things can get stressful as you get older . 
  that was really interesting reading . 
  i do n't know if you 're a native speaker but you do have a certain way with words , i just end up quoting others  ) p.s. 
  i love your zubrowka , it 's my secret .
