  http://www.islamic-bank.com/savings/notice-accounts/cash-isa/ i was doubtful at first , but it 's 1.8 % !, 
  shout out to / r/ukpersonalfinance btw, 
   probably the cheapest city in britain unless you count ni as britain , i paid # 120/month for a double room in an * alright * house in a decent area of south belfast . 
  you could live very comfortably there for around # 300 , if you can find a job that is . 
  started off as a small polish community which drew in more poles after big events such as the polish-russian war , wwii , and the fall of the soviet union iirc . 
  yes the ability to bypass parliament and the amount of power puts a stain on britain 's democracy . 
  are you sure she did n't send you there for being rude to her ? 
  yes what i loved in france was that i could actually go * inside * the castles . 
  i lived near hampton court palace ( which is open to the public for a small fee ) in london and the area would lose a hell of a lot of tourism if that place suddenly stopped letting people in . 
  she 'll fit right in with kadyrov !, 
  what 's more , she should be politically irrelevant , yet the monarch and the prince exercise vetoes on many acts of parliament . 
  funny old world . 
   supermarket staff discovered the containers with a total of 140 kg of cocaine on monday shortly before the fruit went on sale to the public , police and customs investigators said . 
    `` we were of course surprised , '' senior police officer olaf schremm , who heads the local drug investigation department , said on tuesday . 
  `` i do n't know where the mistake was in the perpetrators ' delivery chain . '', 
    the banana cartons , part of a consignment of 1,134 boxes , were brought by ship from colombia to hamburg and delivered to a fruit wholesaler in berlin . 
  cocaine was found in seven of them . 
  i think the difference is that monarchs are generally subsidised by the taxpayer , where at least in a capitalist system the rich can be in some indirect way held accountable . 
  there 's no hard evidence to believe that the windsors bring in tourist money , on the other hand opening up buckingham palace and the private art collections all year round would be world-class . 
  cameron looks like he 's had a few too many stella 's . 
   `` in america , birdwatching is still mostly a pastime , '' said evans , who is on his fourth marriage and blames his divorces partly on his obsession with twitching . 
  `` but in britain , birdwatching can be bitter . 
  it can be real nasty business . '', 
   evans also insists he has been the victim of underhand tricks , citing an incident when he was racing to see a rare bird in scotland . 
  he had lined up a plane to take him to a sighting on a remote island , only to find that a group of rival birders had stuffed the palm of his pilot `` with a few extra quid '' to take them instead . 
  it 's not genuine though , same with the offer of citizenship to syrian kurds . 
  i think what he means is that assad was being ` pragmatic ' when he decided not to give into the people 's demands ( a better word may be machiavellian ) . 
  in the early days of the arab spring , before there were protests in syria , the examples of previous leaders giving democratic concessions to the people ended in their overthrowal . 
  assad saw this and decided to dole out more oppression , rather than less of it , in an attempt to quell the protests . 
  if assad had been ousted , and did not make it to a friendly country in time , then he would certainly at least go to jail for being part of an oppressive and violent regime . 
  you also have to consider the ethnic tensions in syria . 
  not an atheist but i got a general idea with this quick google - http://atheistfoundation.org.au/article/critical-relevance-scientific-atheism-modern-world/, 
  dmitry peskov , the president 's press secretary , is currently the only credible source that said khodorkovsky requested a pardon ) on humanitarian grounds to be with his old mother ) so you 're right actually . 
  it looks like the story is still playing out . 
  he did ( [ see this bbc article ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25450785 ) ) , and it 's interesting that he supposedly had n't done so until now . 
  so turkey is in europe but russia is n't ? 
  different from khodorkovsky as this was n't a requested pardon , as far as i can tell . 
  having grown up in london and visited dublin on occasion i completely agree with the london comparison . 
   that seems to be one of the main reasons why those ferries stay in business * joe goes * did a [ video of that ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alzc569z2g0 ) if anyone 's interested . 
  there 's a lot of anti-russian sentiment , but i would n't say propaganda . 
  maybe it 's just people having a 20th century mindset , people still think of post-soviet countries as communist for example . 
  yes we may be sensationalising this in the thread , ria novosti is n't the most neutral news source on this event either . 
  ria novosti and the voice of russia are n't even anti-government , if putin wants to get rid of opposition voices he could start with novaya gazeta or something like that . 
  it 's not just dodgy , it 's * stupid * . 
  it really is a shame :( i do n't even feel like there 's a need for this , ria novosti does n't make russia look bad as well . 
  x-post / r/russia  news agency ria novosti and the state-owned voice of russia radio will be scrapped and absorbed into a new media conglomerate called rossiya segodnya , according to a decree signed by president vladimir putin . 
   the move is the latest in a series of shifts in russia 's news landscape , which appear to point toward a tightening of state control in the already heavily regulated media sector . 
   ... head of the presidential administration sergei ivanov said the changes were about saving money and making state media more effective . 
   ... ria novosti was set up in 1941 , two days after nazi germany invaded the soviet union , as the soviet information bureau , and now has reporters in over 45 countries providing news in 14 languages . 
  context : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/25192939 we also have one at the christmas market - http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/45245000/jpg/_45245282_bf4a443a-92a9-4f8f-985a-500676473281.jpg ( old photo , have n't been there yet because worried of fleggers ), 
  x-post / r/foreignpolicyanalysis  after years of fits and starts , a russian-backed idea to form a free-trade zone on the territory of much of the former soviet union is closer to fruition today than ever before . 
  adding to the momentum was the decision last week by the ukrainian government to hold talks on aligning with this group , called the customs union , rather than with the european union . 
  x-post / r/foreignpolicyanalysis [ originally posted on carnegie ] ( http://carnegie.ru/2013/11/21/new-russia-policy-for-germany/gub8 ) . 
  `` more than any other european state , germany is responsible for developing and implementing the eu 's policy toward russia . 
  berlin needs to accept this responsibility , assume leadership , and develop a russia policy fit for the twenty-first century . '', 
  recommendations below :  \u2022 base the new policy on german and eu interests , principles , and practical needs as well as a realistic assessment of russia rather than mere impressions of what the russian people need or a desire to influence the country 's domestic politics . 
    \u2022 broaden people-to-people contacts with ordinary russians to create social compatibility between russia and the rest of europe . 
    \u2022 demand , when necessary , that russia live up to its formal obligations , in particular in the field of human rights , but also be prepared to deal constructively with russia 's complaints and criticisms . 
    \u2022 expand mutually beneficial business ties with russia but do not expect that such activities will suffice to modernize the country or make russia and its eurasian partners `` eu-ropean . ''   \u2022 lead the effort to deepen and widen the security community that essentially already exists between germany and russia so that it covers all of europe and the euro-atlantic area . 
    \u2022 set clear policy goals and develop a long-term strategy toward eastern europe -- in particular ukraine -- and make that policy fully transparent to russia . 
    \u2022 treat moscow 's promotion of eurasian economic integration and security coordination as legitimate and stabilizing as long as this integration and coordination remain voluntary . 
   as a whole the eu population is rising while russia 's is falling . 
  in a [ previous article of the same column ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/markadomanis/2013/09/30/is-the-russian-federation-imploding/ ) , total fertility rates were tracked from 1983 onwards in western europe , russia , and eastern europe . 
  russia was 1.57 , europe 1.54 , and eastern europe 1.58 , which means they are all almost identical . 
  these were not cherrypicked countries but all of europe . 
  russia 's population is only slightly higher than in 1983 , and is currently on a ( very slightly ) upward trend . 
  if you look at some cherrypicked years then russia 's population is either rapidly falling or unsustainably rising , but overall it has kept steady . 
  the point the article is trying to make is that there is nothing exceptional about russian demographics , which may seem a redundant thought to some now that i think about it , but is important in western portrayal of russia . 
  ahh ok , for the record i agree with you about population growth . 
  i think china 's one-child policy should be celebrated as * the * most important action yet against climate change for example . 
  iirc a lot of russia 's population growth is from cis immigration , which evens out the impact overall . 
  also , population growth is more sustainable in russia than in w. european countries as it still has a lot of ecological carrying capacity and relatively low population density . 
  it 's common for russia watchers to predict demographic collapse , and like gmorgan is saying , adomanis is just stating that russia is more ` normal ' than people think . 
  adomanis ' column has been talking about russia 's demographics for a while now as a common trope in russia watchers is to predict demographic collapse . 
  i think it was more of a statement that even some countries of the eu are no better in terms of population growth . 
  yandex has better street view in russia , which is probably why google has n't really bothered ( yet ) . 
   putin himself was pro-west and was even willing to join nato in the beginning ... until he saw how nato functions more like he was pro-west until he saw that they were n't going to see russia as an equal partner , but the ` loser ' of the cold war . 
  the creeping influence of america around russia 's borders meant that playing as part of nato 's hand any longer would be electoral suicide . 
  i completely agree , if mark adomanis ( who is the main russia watcher for forbes ) is being called both as kremlin stooge by the west and a western agitator by the east , then i think he 's striking a good balance . 
  i would also recommend dimitri trenin , who is more of an academic but well worth a read for an accurate overall picture . 
  ahh , relative to the west ? 
   also i would n't call poland a relatively developed and civilized country why ? 
  what was the running paranoia ? 
  i 'm confused , do you mean that people should be supporting the arson or not ? 
  also i liked that nyt article it have a better background than the vice article certainly . 
  just so people do n't get the wrong idea of poland as a whole , there 's never been any anti-homosexual law in poland ( under a free polish government , apart from one on homosexual prostitution 1932-69 ) according to wikipedia . 
  additionally , they have the only [ transgender mp in the world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_grodzka ) . 
  it 's just showing a different picture because it compares middle income countries with middle income countries , let 's not pretend russia 's at the same stage as western europe or even a lot of the other fsu countries yet : /, 
   russia , in the story told by places like the economist , the wall street journal , or even the financial times ' editorial page , is doomed to ever-slower economic growth because of its lack of structural reform . 
  the odd thing , however , is that over the past several years russia actually has embarked on some meaningful economic reforms . 
  yes but are countries with other pipelines from russia going to prioritise germany or ukraine ? 
  i just do n't see this going very well . 
  [ this article ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2013/11/11/russia-ukraine-gas-idukl5n0iw2c520131111 ) says :  the source in ukraine said the country has been sending around 219 million cubic metres ( mcm ) of russian gas per * day * to europe . 
  ukraine gets around 4.4 mcm per day from poland and 4.0 mcm per day from hungary . 
  this is a really big shortfall , do poland & hungary have the capacity to make up for this ? 
  it [ says here ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/ukrainian-naftogaz-and-rwe-sign-new-agreement-2013-09-11 ) that they 're developing alternative energy sources , but it 's not clear what they are . 
  i live there !, 
  well , 20 minutes walk . 
  just happy that belfast 's made the frontpage of / r/europe and it 's something positive , 
  never heard the word culchie in scotland , would n't be surprised if there were secret manx meetings though .
