russia has a huge number of newspapers ( something like the highest in the world according to wikipedia ) , and it suits the executive to leave opposition or independent newspapers as an outlet . 
  i mean putin 's pragmatic , he does n't ideologically oppose media freedoms , and as long as he 's as popular as he is . . 
  i did n't realise erasmus was no longer a thing . 
  plus , uk news is european news . 
  having said that , if you 're just asking for permission to crosspost , feel free . 
  for those resident who may currently be worried :  international students already studying in the uk will not be charged next year 's # 150 health surcharge . 
  have you visited the russian museum in st. petersburg ? 
  the tourist season is over now , so it will be less packed and you can take your time . 
  have you listened to korsakov 's scheherazade or tchaikovsky ? 
  you should go visit ( you can get a cheap bus from estonia ) , russia has a rich culture . 
  you could also read one of the great authors if you do n't have a day off anytime soon . 
  moscow times is clickbait , which is a shame because most anti-government news sources do n't publish in english . 
  also today i went to a conference and vladimir milov was there , with his usual stuff . 
  for what ? 
  i mean , you do n't hear about the people that do n't get put in jail . 
  there 's plenty of people who do n't like putin , even with his current approval rating . 
  i actually live here so i meet russians often . 
  no you 're not . 
  these are definitely tongue in cheek to me . 
  it looks tongue-in-cheek to me . 
  russia 's not a garrison state , so you do get anti-putin art . 
   no nation with nukes is ever going to give them up again that ship sailed when qaddafi gave up nuclear capabilities ... only for nato forces to intervene soon after . 
  not saying that i supported a dictator , but that dictators are n't stupid about these things , and neither are presidents , nor should anyone else be for that matter now . 
  was estonia shown as disputed territory in western maps across that time period ? 
  there was a user a while ago that was messaging people with a link , that when you click it , would hijack your browser . 
   russia would be hard pressed to survive the loss of the european gas market . 
  gazprom 's european revenues have already fallen from $ 60 billion to $ 55 billion , and european sales account for one third of gazprom 's revenue . 
   if deprived of this revenue , gazprom would run a loss of $ 25 billion and not a profit of $ 33 billion . 
  rather than contributing profits to a federal budget , 55 percent reliant on energy taxes , gazprom would require subsidies . 
  its once-proud share price would collapse , and it would be hard pressed to obtain funding from any sources including china , with or without sanctions . 
  why do n't you think they go to museums ? 
  i mean you can buy tacky crap and go to galleries or the opera etc. 
  hell , that 's what russia 's like domestically anyway . 
  norway maybe ? 
  they 're going to be spending a lot of money for gas independence . 
  russian too iirc . 
  given the general opinions in this subreddit though it 's probably for the best . 
  edit : no they do n't hate / r/europe 4ringcircus , but it 's common knowledge to stay away because of your russian flair and the automatic down votes that come with it . 
  that we encourage a plurality of views here maybe ? 
  on the other hand , [ this person was a lot more polite and articulated about their perspective ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2k9rd3/ukraine_the_battle_for_donetsk_airport/cljajxu ) and has n't been down voted to -70 yet . 
  worked fine for me , just remember to put the right post code on . 
   because it 's a kremlin-funded propaganda targeted at foreign audience does that make it inherently worse ? 
  i would n't describe rfe , deutsche welle , or voice of america as worse for example . 
  rt 's tagline was ( and may well still be ) `` news from a russian perspective '' . 
   so says someone with russian flair are we really going to start * another * witchhunt based on flair in this subreddit ? 
  yes we have more reason to trust german intelligence on this issue , but let 's not try and exclude russians themselves from the debate when there are so few on reddit to begin with . 
  the nervousness makes him seem more relatable . 
  he really gets into it towards the end though . 
  i have a feeling that he would be better at singing in german . 
  i 'm trying to create a hub for talk about energy politics ( at ... / r/energypolitics ) . 
  currently we 're small but are growing fast . 
  in europe there are a whole load of very topical areas , from the switch to renewables , energy security and russia , the diversification of energy supply , different pipeline projects such as tap and the south stream so i do think it 's relevant to xpost here every so often . 
  you and the other poster might like / r/energypolitics , 
  http://www.ruvek.ru/media/yulia/many-1.gif http://www.ruvek.ru/media/yulia/many-1.gif, 
   they want the university 's 15,000 students to take their first wee of the day while having their morning shower . 
  in case you were n't joking , 
  live updates - http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/01/ukraine-crisis-gas-idusl6n0rw3tz20141001  russian gas supplies to slovakia dropped by 50 percent in the past day , according to slovakia 's government . 
  the report has raised concerns over a potential disruption of gas flows to europe as winter approaches . 
  already , ukraine is preparing for a winter without crucial heating gas , as it tries to negotiate a temporary deal with russia and the eu . 
  x-post the nascent / r/energypolitics !, 
  xpost / r/energypolitics & / r/russia ( see other discussions bar at top )  russia , ukraine , and the european union have struck reached an agreement to resume supplies of russian gas to ukraine . 
  russian gas giant gazprom will deliver 5 billion cubic meters of gas to ukraine in the coming months on the condition that it pays off $ 3.1 billion in debt . 
  russian analysts say this means that ukraine has tentatively agreed to russia 's terms . 
  i did n't think that / u/flupo42 was saying that though ? 
  you 'd have to ask them . 
   i 'm pretty sure the prices gazprom is offering ukraine right now are the highest compared to other european countries . 
  you may be right , i probably should have said `` poland * had * higher prices '' because the last set of data i saw for the whole of europe was 2013 . 
  if you do manage to find the data it would go great in / r/energypolitics - i know / r/europe downvoted you for sharing an opinion people did n't agree with but talk of an energy union is a legit idea to be talked about and i would n't encourage hiding discussion like that over there . 
   i disagree about an eu-wide energy union not helping ukraine in situations like this . 
  we would be able to help them in emergencies without russia bullying it 's neighbours through gazprom . 
  i guess if there 's the political will for it , but it would need consensus and the understanding that ukraine probably would n't pay for most of the gas . 
   when is n't gazprom commandeered though i mean the state gets a lot of income from them so it 's in their interests to be businesslike to an extent . 
  i guess you could say that 's commandeering too though . 
   they allow ukraine to rack up debt when pro-russian governments are in power and increase prices and demand repayment whenever pro-western polititians get into power it can be hard to stop gas , what they have to do is just start burning it off before it reaches ukraine . 
  they only do this in extreme situations . 
  when they do this ukraine would start taking part of the deliveries intended for other countries further down the line , which is bad for business . 
  except ukraine regularly does n't pay . 
  or avoids paying when the oil price is high ( as gas is mainly oil-indexed ) so they can pay a lot less . 
  a better example would be russia 's support of nord & south stream , which are economically prohibitive but make the political decision to bypass ukraine as a transit state . 
   this way russia would n't be able to threaten small countries dependent on their supplies . 
  having one monolith negotiate prices would be beneficial for some countries but would not make sense across the eu when you look at the pricing and different market structures . 
  ukraine would also face the same problems as it 's not part of the eu . 
   this way russia would n't be able to threaten small countries dependent on their supplies . 
  the market prices are different in ukraine . 
  it does n't make a difference if they do n't pay for months on end anyway , poland has higher prices for instance and manages to pay on time . 
   it is used as a tool of economic pressure you 're right in my opinion . 
  belarus and armenian prices are better examples though . 
   it is n't acting like a business though it is when it is n't being commandeered . 
  if ukraine regularly does n't pay for months on end , then the business thing to do is cut it off right ? 
  cutting off re-selling and stopping discounts is business like too . 
  also you might like [ this talk on gazprom pricing mechanisms ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=nzfy6em-brm#t=836 ) . 
  russia provides around a third of the eu 's oil and gas , and 40 percent of the gas is shipped through ukraine . 
  is that why you deleted your post on / r/energypolitics ? 
  easy mistake to make , btw , 
  of course that can still happen here . 
  the politics behind energy is a big topic , but it 's discussed everywhere from / r/geopolitics and / r/worldnews to / r/europe and / r/singapore ; the subreddit system is all about focusing a subject . 
  discussion wo n't stop in / r/europe too , it may even increase because of x-posts . 
  you might just like / r/energypolitics !, 
  thanks !, 
   with what russia charges its european customers it is not as expensive as it would seem .
