  when you make such large statements as `` deposed anyone who does n't agree with them '' you 're hard placed to find any proof . 
  we 're talking about a man who participated in russia 's first comparatively free and fair elections . 
  from the early 2000 's , wages nearly tripled and poverty more than halved , consumption rose across all the regions too . 
  this was noticeable , of course people are going to like the people in government at the time . 
  the ridiculously high current approval rating means that * anyone * would be completely irrational to silence the opposition or kill dissenters or anything like that and risk losing it all for nothing . 
  also if you 're just going to flat-out accuse me of being ** brainwashed ** then it 's going to be pointless to continue as you 've obviously already made your mind up . 
   the ruling class has silenced the opposition the communists are n't silenced at any rate , even the liberal opposition ( which is smaller than ukip is in the uk ) has its own media and influence . 
   deposed anyone who does n't agree with them i 'm sure alexei navalny would 've been one of the first on their list . 
   brutally stamped on any anti-government protests/movements yep i agree with you here . 
   has now embarked on a campaign to dismantle any philanthropic ( and therefore pro-democracy ) organisations with foreign funding i sort of half agree with you here , but i think you 're getting the wrong end of the stick . 
  destroying ` foreign agents ' or influences is a huge * populist * move in russia , it 's wrong and it abuses democracy but not in the way i think you think . 
   it 's a fair assumption that if the ruling party ever got close to losing , they would ramp up all of these things to crush any and all dissent before letting go of power i do n't believe so , but maybe i 'm just optimistic , the democracy is quite young so it 's not impossible but i think there would be too huge a protest movement to do that for example . 
   in russia you have a purposely built and maintained ( by the state and its ruling classes ) climate in which nothing can ever change . 
  i do n't agree with you here , but i see how it 's a logical follow through from your previous points . 
  got to go for dinner now , but could you elaborate on that and i 'll get back to you ? 
  democracies encompass a lot of things , and there 's no point me going off on a rant about how elections are viewed in w. europe if you 're talking about the lack of a strong opposition or civic participation . 
  i might even agree with you on some points . 
  in my opinion yes , there are a fair few sources that say they won against yeltsin in '96 but that the oligarchy rigged the elections . 
  united russia works because it aligns different groups , from liberals to conservatives , and tries to catch the ` centre ' . 
  putin himself is seen as a liberal moderniser by some , a conservative orthodox christian patriot by others , and even a socialist by those who ignore most of the reforms he made . 
  the communist party had the potential to win just on the older generation in the 90s , but now it has to get some of the younger generation in . 
  the problem is that a lot of the younger generation have bad associations with communism and good associations with the free market . 
  the good news is that a surprising amount of the young generation used the communist party as a ` protest ' vote against united russia . 
  tactical voting makes or breaks the russian communist party , as even if young western-style liberals realise that the communist party is the best bet for a united ( and stronger ) opposition they might still not want to vote based on that . 
  this is all assuming everything stays the same . 
  [ if you read here the possible outcomes of the economy ] ( http://therussiawatch.wordpress.com/2012/10/30/2030-another-new-russia/ ) and understand how people would blame/praise the government for economic success/failure you can work out how likely it is for the communist party to win an election , i.e. 
  if the economy works out well then they will have lesser influence . 
  edit : apologies for the wall of text , here 's russian winnie pooh for tiding over - http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=bewe4wyz00o#t=78s, 
   czech republic and poland are the only countries with a notable growing economy russia had 3.4 % growth last year , and the poll was in 2009 at probably one of the most recent fragile points in the economy . 
  although i really do agree with you about nostalgia , i did n't have a great upbringing and despite having everything i wanted then now i still feel nostalgic !, 
  i think he said that more to swing votes than anything else , given that the opposition has always been the communist party . 
  i was downvoted last time i did that , and strangely enough when i first heard this quote it was only the first sentence . 
   whoever does not miss the soviet union has no heart . 
  whoever wants it back has no brain . 
  israel no longer stamps though , they give you a little card for a visa instead . 
  edit : this means you can throw this away or hide it when you go into arab states . 
  i 'm going to israel , should be up near 30 degrees  ), 
  bunnymunro might be wary of more downvotes . 
  personally i think that he 's a bad spokesman for atheism , he often comes across as rude in public . 
  that was disappointing . 
  now i know !, 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  i 've always seen the eu as more * pooling * sovereignty than * ceding * it . 
  i 'm not sure you 're using the same meaning of ` independent ' as koorevenis anyway . 
  what 's the difference between rilette and pate then ? 
  it would be politics , and somewhere like krakow . 
  thanks for the advice , i 'll see if anyone i know has been there , 
  i 'm thinking of going to poland for erasmus , i did n't know it was considered easy - does that have any truth in it ? 
  note : my flair is more my heritage , i was born and grew up in london . 
  we 're a horde now ? 
  i missed the memo . 
  hence those campaigning for a ` london living wage ' in the uk . 
  i 'm actually in belfast right now and can confirm that it has been raining on and off all day . 
  one of them is , one of them used to be !, 
  most of the rest work for almac . 
  i know about 5 who live off lisburn road , the rest are spread out over belfast . 
  friend of a friend knows a few in bangor and that 's probably it . 
  i have met literally dozens in belfast ( excluding university goers ) . 
  in london though . . 
   the russian leadership has never felt truly secure even now that the idea of a war with any power big enough to take russia on is unthinkable ? 
  i guess you think yukashenko or ivanishvilli are puppet states , or something like that which highlights a fundamental misunderstanding of eastern europe . 
  it 'd be like saying brazil/mexico are american puppet states . 
  so what you 're saying is that they want to extend their influence and would like governments near them to be friendly rather than confrontational ? 
  or are you trying to say that russia wants to conquer the world so that the russian state is safe ? 
   that 's just how russian foreign policy works : to feel secure security has gone a long way beyond ` buffer zones ' . 
  the russian state is pretty damn secure militarily , even with a hugely reduced military invasion of russia is unthinkable without provocation . 
  russia is much more worried about economic stability than taking over europe ( which is quite the 20th century mentality to have ) , its foreign policy asserts this . 
  the russian federation is completely different from an extremely communist , anti-free market authoritarian , aggressive & confrontational country that imprisons millions for little reason . 
  russia is n't communist anymore dzukian . 
  putin & bush were pretty good friends , obama is more friendly with medvedev ( shared legal background ) but it 's not like the rhetoric today in either country is a gap in military potential between the two . 
  nobody  : ) but seriously , you guys do n't let us join your clubs - even when we 've been asking so nicely to join nato since late ' 91 !, 
  as long as there 's not a monarch i do n't care too much about the name . 
  good point . 
  the tagline is `` for monarchy !, 
  '' , until sometime recently ( i do n't know as i do n't subscribe ) all of the mods were monarchists , and the majority of the posts are either advocating monarchy or criticising alternatives . 
  trying to grow / r/royalist is like trying to split the already small monarchist subreddit . 
  really ? 
  / r/monarchism has 300 subscribers and has been active for ages . 
  what 's more / r/royalist is barely a few hours old , and has no posts . 
  sorry for the late reply , / u/cptquestionmark created / r/monarchism iirc . 
  also , any insight to the downvotes ? 
  long live the republic !, 
  ^ ^ ^ / r/republicanism, 
  have you seen / r/republicanism yet ? 
  it 's small but it 's growing , slowly and steadily . 
  thank god this was the eu , and not europe as a whole . 
  would 've been embarrassing for some : /, 
  i think it 's the opposite , ukip/anti-eu propaganda - in the picture the grass is always greener outside the eu . 
  i think they spent more effort on things inside the eu . 
  they 're laying low . 
  hell , you do n't even have to read it to ` completely misunderstand the point of the book ' !, 
  as well as the fact that everyone was voting for the ` out ' , and that the eu was visualised as a mob at the gates !, 
  saw it first [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/16xdea/taiwanese_cartoon_news_covers_david_camerons_eu/ ) , not something i was expecting to see today . 
  pm 'd, 
  putin is extremely popular in russia , and saying that he is n't is showing a profound misunderstanding . 
  why would putin cheat in any election he knew he was going to win anyway ? 
  it 's absolutely ludicrous , and * international * observers reflect that . 
  having said that , nasha ( the youth wing in question ) is being disbanded , and has been denounced following the ` terrorising ' in question . 
  [ see here ] ( http://grani.ru/politics/russia/parties/m.196938.html ) . 
  nasha no more affects the election than the wandering sharia gangs that are so exaggerated in the news .
