wow , did not notice malta and wondered why did they even put it there . 
  i see many pronunciations in for example italy , so why not for catalonia or some other place if the word is not the same . 
  also , why no croatia ? 
  what does it mean , exactly , when hey say that they `` do n't want to leave the train '' ? 
  can i do that next time when some oficial asks me to do something i do n't like ( like asks to see my ticket ) ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i am not against immigrants , but rules are rules . 
  what do you mean when you say unable to use public transportation ? 
  are controls in macedonia so much more rigorous than in croatia ? 
  because i think that illegal immigrants can rather normaly use means of public transportation . 
  noone needs to provide valid id or anything to prove that they are in the country legaly . 
  i do n't get that . 
  so i can illegaly enter macedonia and ask for sort of `` free-pass '' for 79 hours so that i can just pass through your country ? 
  wtf ? 
  i see that someone else has been studying australian model, 
  can somebody explain why greece is not detaining/processing all those imigrants in the same way italy does ? 
  it sems to me that they just pick them up on the beaches , put them on trains and pack them off to macedonia and further . 
  it seems kind of like washing their hands policy . 
  hungary is not wanted as a destination country , but as a country that provides entry-point into the schengen zone . 
  so in a way , oncethey get in hungary there are no more borders to cross . 
  wait , so how is german site able to show it if it is under copyright ? 
  they ignore it or they payed or what ? 
  on the other hand , most of them probably are not from that place anyway , so does it make a difference if you return them here or there . 
  and then they are illegal immigrants in that ( north-african ) country , so their system should take care of them ( like they were supposed to stop them from ever getting to that boat to europe ) . 
  ours ( croatian ) does mention blood in the unsung verses ( only four out of fourteen are sung today ) , but i like not being included in this , given that it is mostly patriotic and idylic and not a call to arms . 
  a ) the bridge is made in really shitty place and it is often closed for trucks and busses during late winter/early spring when the wind is the strongest . 
  b ) the wind is way to strong for wind turbines . 
  they do have several of them near to that location though, 
  well , to be fair , that bridge is constructed in a very shitty place . 
  so it is often closed due to the wind . 
  it is not so unusual during the late winter/early spring season, 
  in croatia we would all squeeze under that shelter and then try to ignore each other, 
  not sure if sad or relieved that china does n't seem to think anything about croatia . 
  technicaly , croatia would expand , if separatists in bosnia have their say that southern bosnia region would join croatia . 
  and i am not really sure that parts of slovenia and croatia ( istria ) do n't have sort of separatist movement with trieste . 
  what is that region in southern france ( the yellow cross kind of flag ) ? 
  for my region ( coast of croatia ) 5 % seems waaay too much . 
  we rarely have snow on the ground here , and usually it is in late january or february . 
  in my 20 + years i do n't think we ever had white christmas in these regions . 
  can you explain what would that mean exactly ? 
  fools, 
  well , technically , any country can do that unilaterally . 
  they have right to potect their borders , especially at this moment . 
  i am reading reports that president hollande was evacuated during halftime , and there are videos of panic in the stadium . 
  at what minute of the match did the explosion ( s ) happen ? 
  and was the match continued/ended regularly ? 
  nope . 
  they want to stay ( and get wellfare ) in rich countries that offer those services , etc. 
  germany , sweden , norway , ... not in the balkan countries . 
  that is why most of them coming to those countries just want to pass through and get to germany etc. 
  i really like how no one is dissing the greeks . 
  my favourite line that they use on any border when officials try to control/stop/identify / order them is `` we just want to pass/why do n't you just let us pass ? '', 
  country borders do n't work like that . 
  you ca n't just appear at an international border with nothing and say that you just want to pass through . 
  as a guy that 's been listening to the happenings on croatia/serbia and hungary/croatia border and now croatia/slovenia and slovenia/austria , and watching the things deteriorate furter each passing day , what is being done in greece to quench the flow of refugees ? 
  because the system here is on verge of breaking and there are still news of even more refugees coming from greece . 
  it 's not even the menus or their terrible and somewhat embarrassing translations , it 's that most of local dishes do n't have english or other names so they are rarely presented as an option . 
  well , it seems that mostly everything here is regional or broader dish . 
  you mentioned cevapcici , and fish and seafood is out of play . 
  lamb would also be broad , sarma as well ( it 's already on the list iirc ) , stuffed peppers ( punjene paprike ) are likely in the same class as sarma . 
  maybe turkey with mlinci ( kind of flatbread ) for the inland and octopus or lamb `` pod pekom '' ( cooked in fire under a metall bell cover ( google `` peka '' / `` pod pekom '' to see what i mean ) for the coastal region . 
  and \u010dvarci ( kind of pork chips ) for a sidedish . 
  cakes , cheeses , dried meat and wine/liquors not included in this . 
  in eurotrip students from the states who are n't supposed to speak german ask a german driver for a lift and suddenly do n't understand what exactly he is saying . 
  it 's basically thick soup made with sauerkraut ( sour cabbage ) with or without red beans and with sausage or some other dried meat . 
  it 's traditional winter food for villagers - it 's cheap , easy to make and can last for days . 
  of all the things in croatia ( seafood , fish , meat ) they chose jota ?? 
  f ** king jota . 
  i do n't even think all of croatians eat it , and personally i hate it . 
  haha . 
  everyone i met in france hated paris . 
  i 'm sure hungarians ca n't speak anything other than hungarian and the rest of the europe ca n't understand a word of it so no hard feelings there . 
  in my experience , parisians speak english rather well , i guess they adapted to all the tourists . 
  but anywhere else in france you are fu ** ed . 
  even if they speak english , they wont do it for principle . 
  hmm , croatia has been in the eu since 2013 i believe , and the language is accepted as an official soit looks like a rather old data . 
  i have visited spain , france , italy and germany , and germans speak english the most and the best . 
  i have stopped an older ( 50 + ) lady on a random street in gottingen to ask directions and she answered it fluently . 
  in france or spain they will just look at you weirdly . 
  croatia should have prety high numbers ( slovenia-like i guess ) . 
  large majority of under 35 should be able to do so and lot of those older as well . 
  in general the older th person is less likely they are to speak . 
  they are busy fighting for positions in their parties and new government . 
  similar thing happened in croatia just a few months ago . 
  the government was in turmoil since last elections in november 2015 , with snap elections this september . 
  gdp is growing , public debt decreased to record low levels , public spending grows . 
  where is the light blue wednesday ( first day ) on the map , or the several days after that ? 
  what language ( s ) are those several greenish inside russia , near the caspian sea ? 
  some russian dialects or ? 
  i am sorry , i 'll just have to disagree with you . 
  just one question for you . 
  what would you tell to muslim victims of isis related attacks in europe ? 
  well , yeah , and virtually banning muslim woman to be at the beach , to be included in society in that regard will further isolate them . 
  many muslim woman have trouble with going to the baches as it is , now you want to forbid them going at all . 
  it will backfire . 
  even now those images of cops forcing women to undress on the beach are being used against `` western civilization . '', 
  and we gave them that . 
  wait , you are telling me the floating crosshair/box wo n't turn red , flash and beep while locking on the target ? 
  fair enough . 
  although i disagree with putting all the muslims in the same box due to those attacks . 
  but should they be banned from the beaches because they appear in public in their religious clothes ?
