  exactly my experience . 
  and i like the german approach . 
  really , because i had opposite experience . 
  parisians spoke english and were glad to help with my french , while in other parts of france they were just unresponsive . 
  from the coast , never used tuka in my life . 
  puran/pura/purica all the way . 
  also , living in croatia , never knew it 's called \u0107uran / \u0107urka in serbia . 
  and they say we speak the same language :p, 
  we have ispod and pod for the same meaning , but no spod, 
  most compassionate - * everyone writes in their own country *, 
  well , bosniaks are a good example of muslim culture being `` westernized . '', 
  i am not talking about political situation there . 
  that clusterf ** k has little to do with islam in itself . 
  how did they organize this ? 
  did someone assign people to sectors or did they just handle the papers to the crowd, 
  well , is n't that like a ceremonius occasion so there are members of higher ranks of state ? 
  first : that 's it ? 
  and second : why not ? 
  i mean are n't there any generals or something there ? 
  would n't people take her more seriously if she looked more , you know , normal ? 
  i mean , she is in the parliament , some dress code rules must exist . 
  why are n't there any higher ( newer ) buildings , both residential and business ? 
  is the ground unsuitable or were there other reasons ? 
  croatia should be colored in as well . 
  krsko nuclear power plant in slovenia is a joint venture project from yugoslavia and both countries have 50 % share of it . 
  it covers about 15-20 % of electricity needs in croatia . 
  or we will just keep dodging that problem because no one wants nuclear waste near them . 
  it has been working so far . 
  it would seriously mess up both countries so ... and besides , slovenia and croatia were never really at odds . 
  what is the netherlands one about ? 
  i get all of them but that one, 
  lets go with `` are n't you southern serbs ? '', 
  fine for the future , but what about existing areas . 
  it 's not like ousiders will want to settle there or residents accept eviction, 
  i kind of agree with the statement ( avoiding ghettos , incorporating 1st , 2nd , etc. 
  generations in society , introduction of native culture ... ) . 
  what interests me is - how are they going to enforce this ? 
  why would you use feet ? 
  you had betrayed all of europe with that . 
  even the brits . 
  and going down with no stairs is tricky af . 
  half cool and half am i going to survive this . 
  one of the most beautiful and unique places i have ever visited . 
  we were kind of annoyed to go there `` just a bunch of sand '' and `` what are we going to do there for four hours on sunny may sunday '' . 
  and then bam , forest on one side , sea on the other and the fing huge dune between . 
  one of the best excursions we had in france . 
  not impressed . 
  could be much better with less politicians , bosnians and serbians . 
  my point exactly , yours is probably closer to correct than mine :p, 
  is me\u0111ed new or old, 
  this is how much i can do that as ( northern coast ) chakavian . 
  i knew it looked suspicious ( megprobaljuk ) . 
  because cica means boob in croatian . 
  so ez nagyon szep cica brings different picture in mind . 
  interesting how many of those have god in them ( thank god , praise , etc. ), 
  it looks badass, 
  nehany probaljuk , but it 's hard af for croatians ( there are some few shared words ) . 
  you really know how to complicate things . 
  i loled when i heard that cice means kitty, 
  hungary disappointing again . 
  on the other hand , ceska , get back in line with others . 
  `` redundant letters '' sounds really really on point with french . 
  what 's the point of having dozen letters in a word when you pronounce three ? 
  i saw some text written in lithuanian the other day . 
  i was like , what the hell is this ? 
  hungarian with \u0160 and \u010c ? 
  almost no familiar words ? 
  and those tails on vowels ... crazy looking, 
  how about `` me\u0111uno\u017eno guralo '' ? 
  ( bike ), 
  exactly . 
  people from two ends of croatia , speaking their dialects are kind of unintelligable to each other . 
  croats living in the north ( kajkavians ) can probably understand . 
  try in the coast ( chakavians ) and we 'll look at you like you are drunk ( just like we would with kajkavians ), 
  not that hard . 
  source : learned it on my own, 
  how many words got changed when they introduced those new letters ? 
  i want a venus one more, 
  not looking at subreddit i wondered how is there so much snow on the atlantic coast of georgia, 
  i would like to dispute the `` death of the town center '' one . 
  in traditional european cities of moderate sizes this does n't need to happen, 
   quite frustrating that they could easily understand what we were saying in croatian , but we could not understand a word they were saying . 
  that always baffles me . 
  most of people from slovenia could speak perfectly understandable croatian , but ask me to converse with you in slovenian and i will falter after couple of words . 
  so close and yet so far . 
  that first lj is a bit mangled . 
  the last one says it the closest, 
  it 's not that we want it , we just do n't want for you to exclusively get it . 
  and croatia complains the same about czechs plus lost on sea part, 
  i am from croatia and we always joke about their harsh and stern police and high ticket fines . 
  you drive like crazy at home , then carefully and slow while in slovenia and then rock on after leaving slovenia, 
  what is ljubljana called after then ? 
  its more that croatians are pissed that bosnia has sea coast at all . 
  and they are all free to come on our beaches . 
  i am not saying it 's not valid * per se * . 
  i just do n't see the visual appeal of this . 
  what can you tell of two count ( r ) ies selected from this map ? 
  so wait , this shows the percentage of people between the ages of 20 and 64 from total population ? 
  so lower percentage would mean either generally older population ( more likely ) or generally younger population ( unlikely ) ? 
  i do n't really see the purpose/use of this visualization .
