  hold on , neighbours , we are going down first . 
  steadily approaching 4 mil . 
  well , he never mentioned any landmarks . 
  just photo with that text sign . 
  vertical scale is waay off . 
  half of the adriatic islands look like sheer cliffs, 
  and that was on rational budget with no starting deficit , right ? 
  i suppose south korea is due to the us influence , but what happened in philippines, 
  that is slowly happening here in croatia . 
  young people with high education , that know languages are leaving more and more . 
  ie doctors , they could earn quite some money here , since there is a lack of doctors , but they usually earn much more with better conditions abroad . 
  it 's no more just the poorly educated that are leaving . 
  now it 's full on brain drain . 
  i do n't really count ceuta and that other place ( melila ? ), 
  as spanish border . 
  it is to be expected . 
  but just to ask , what is the plan if they get in spain there ? 
  it 's not that easy to go to the mainland europe from there . 
  i agree , but lets imagine a country , say croatia , or hungary or serbia decides to send army and have 0 entries policy . 
  desperate masses would group on the border so there would have to be some sort of wall . 
  very quickly there would be unrest and people would try to storm the border . 
  at that point you must order army to shoot or tear-gas the crowd . 
  imagine your soldiers do that . 
  there would be many injured if not dead as well . 
  international backlash would be terrible . 
  there would be videos of it everywhere , un , eu , refugee organizations and human rights groups would eviscerate that country 's government . 
  effective and radical , so truly a last solution . 
  australia has that idea implemented and it only works because they send people far from sight and , most importantly , because they are a huge island so it is easier to control all arrivals . 
  this . 
  in my oppinion if a country sends armed forces to its borders to protect from immigrants it 's perfectly fine and reasonable . 
  there are lots of people that are pretty much invading your country , they are entering illegally and you know nothing of them . 
  the best excuse that was used in the balcan route two years ago was `` we are not going to stay , only pass through '' . 
  and still , it 's unethical and you ca n't order army up on starved and desperate civilians . 
  is that just colorful language or do all those really mean damn ( if so , why so many ), 
  hungarians , you let me down on this one, 
  well , feel free to come right now . 
  there are no immigrants here . 
  well , they still need money , and the traffic is not that great if we exclude the tourist season . 
  belarus wtf ? 
  why not join the party ? 
  everyone else around poland did . 
  well , we in croatia built highways like crazy and now do n't know what to do with them anymore , so we considerselling them . 
  the rosetta stone for cyrillic, 
  no , it 's not . 
  izvinite is completely acceptable in croatian . 
  i 'll admit it 's a bit rare and formal in central croatia , but go towards the coast and it 's used daily . 
  croatia - our president went to the usa for new year celebrations inan unofficial/official no-one-really-knows-why visit during wich she met with many people `` some of wich do not wish to be named '' , and `` helped in making foreign policy of the new government '' also we are freezing here with temperatures below 0c in entire country including coast and islands , and strong winds that bring the windchill down to -20, 
  i expected something way worse . 
  like hpapwdyggh kwartghaws aerthgddwkw . 
  where is croatia ? 
  i would actually really like to know this . 
  why is hungary so bad ? 
  given that pretty much no one else understands you hungarians even a bit ( unlike the roman family or slavene family ) , i would expect some foreign language to be there . 
  add th relatively small size to the mix and it confuses me even more . 
  and in my experience , paris is quite high in this regard , i huess because of all the tourists . 
  the time of the first croatian independant teritorry was between 7th and 9th century , first with duchy of croatia , and then with kingdom of croatia from 925 . 
  slowly expanding in area from dalmatian coast towards panonian basin , supposedly it was a strong naval force in the region . 
  it did n't last long though , but more on that in the next episode . 
  i really like that memorial . 
  it is different than anything else and memorable . 
  and , saying with respect , fun . 
  but would n't you lose all the producing lands on your side ? 
  slovenia would be fine i 'd imagine ; croatia , on the other hand would be pissed off . 
  not only split in two , but one one hand joined with italy and on the other in a huge mix of austria-hungary-slovakia-croatia and romania . 
  ( at least no serbia yet :p ), 
  i had no idea there are so many people in new saxony area . 
  also , some of these states are such attrocities against geopolitics it is almost funny to imagine living in them . 
  almost . 
  i get what you are saying , and i agree . 
  but i think there is a big difference between `` there is this black guy here in my street and i am friends with him '' and `` hey mom/dad , i 'm dating that one black guy '', 
  it 's all true , however i think it should be much lower . 
  come , on , many people would dissaprove relationships with serbs or slovenes let alone blacks/asians/muslims etc. 
  somehow i doubt this data , as a croat . 
  also , why not include balkan countries ( i know this is the eu , but it would be `` interesting '' . 
  also , what 's up with czechs and slovaks, 
  why does it look like dinarids mountain chain are the highest mountains , and alps are barely noticable against all the other scattered mountains ? 
  i do n't like most of those . 
  they look too copy-paste for my taste . 
  some are nice ( i like cypruss , hungary and estonia ) but most are too unrecognizable and generic to me . 
  like , what the hell is up with bosnia flag ? 
  croatia has checkerboard , but why on a circle ? 
  just use the damn checkerboard fo an entire flag or for a square shape tiling . 
  czech republis can be any slavic . 
  and wtf is even serbia ? 
  most simple tricolor falgs are better of as they are now ( france , germany , sweden , danmark ) . 
  ps new swiss flag ? 
  get out of here . 
  exactly . 
  detain and return to libya . 
  australian solution ? 
  and tell them they will be sent back . 
  i mean , if i came to the coast of a random country i would be sent back if i had no papers or something . 
  but if they increase the patrols , there will be more ( or at best/worst ) same number of people coming onboard . 
  and those people will go to the nearest port , mostly italy . 
  the thing is , it 's easier and safer for th smugglers to just send the boats in certain direction with low fuel and maybe not even be on boat than it is to actually steer bigger , more fitted ships to italy, 
  but they are not the same people . 
  greece route is middle east and eastern asia . 
  italy and mediterranean route is africa, 
  i thought they had three governments, 
  well , they do n't want to go so what ?
