  http://globalnews.ca/news/2903036/people-share-photos-of-nuns-on-the-beach-in-response-to-burkini-ban-in-france/ it kind of is oppression ( women are expected to be meek and submit to men , they are limited to lower end of church hierarchy ) . 
  wait , they did n't even shoot the camera down ? 
  just the pole ? 
  is the camera still operating ? 
  so not only someone shot an rpg in the traffic camera , they shot it wrongly ? 
  is it ok then to ban nun habitus ? 
  it covers the whole body , it covers hair it is definitely a religious symbol and it promotes oppression of women ? 
  what happens if a woman comes to the beach wearing wetsuit and headscarf/hat ? 
  or just thights and shirt with hair covered ? 
  is this just for that one model of burkini ? 
  this law is utter nonsense . 
  i am all for banning niqab and other items that completely cover the face and make iding someone impossible , but this is playing things straight into the isis propaganda . 
  that 's what interests me . 
  this is just further discriminating and isolating those few muslim women that do go to the beach, 
  i feel they would be very much against it ( due to the current political situation , but even more due to the fact that they are the second most successful nation at the olympics ), 
  is this gb included or not ? 
  can all those girls/women go to the beach in scuba wet suits or tights and long sleeved shirts with hoodies ? 
  if yes then burkini should also be fine . 
  if no , then many people are going to get their asses fined . 
  also , what is the opinion about that photo of nuns in habits on the beach ( in italy , if i 'm not mistaken ) ? 
  i do n't think this is the step in the right direction . 
  this way no muslim women are going to the beach at all . 
  why should it be forbidden when it encourages women to get out and socialize more ? 
  well , i 'm not really a fan of metal/plastic furniture so i 'm not really affected but it seems like a dick move . 
  but eu ca n't surprise me anymore after the whole thing with photos of the eiffel tower at night and photos of atomium, 
  i am all in for not judging others . 
  only , it surprises me because it is a religious ceremony and i would judge this as disrespectful to the occasion . 
  it seems to me like when they forbid woman from going in churches in sleeveless shirts , low cut shirts or swimwear . 
  but but ... fuck is pretty well known word . 
  at least those guys next to him should know it . 
  how was he allowed to wear that ? 
  in my country he is a ) really glad , excited and respectfull so he wo n't wear that shirt , or b ) does n't want to do it so he wears that shirt and a local priest/person in charge pulls him to the side , berates him and gives his spot tosomeone else -, 
  as a guy from croatia visiting france , i was far more awed with the atlantic coast and normandy , bretagne than with the southern coast . 
  the south was kind of like what we have at home , but dune du pilat , or ile de re or mont saint-michel were amazing . 
  i would replace dubrovnik ( it is nice but is very crowded and overhyped imho ) with lets say the island of vis or some other town that is not split ( pretty much the same reason ) . 
  and i would recomend to everyone mountainous inside of the country ( everybody knows about the coast , but the mountainous regions ( gorski kotar and lika ) have much to offer during hot summers ), 
  this looks like former eastern block/yugoslavian architecture . 
  ewxcept maybe that last one ( but it is still no beauty ), 
  macedonia , however , is still being denied admittance in the eu because of greece name disputes, 
  njema\u010dka / nema\u010dka / nemecko and its slavic derivatives are from the slavic word `` nem '' wich means mute . 
  since they did n't speak in a language that ( slavic ) people could understand the land got the name of land of the mutes, 
  can we have the same map adjusted for average/median income/gdp or something similar ? 
  as i recall , no , not without a special permission . 
  however they are supposedly planning to make it available in the future when they are done with restaurations of the towers ( but do n't ask me when that will be , it is kind of a perpetual work ) . 
  however , there is a skyscraper not far from it with a viewing platform , and also closeby there is a little view pint from a neirby hill that gives a nice view . 
  and anywhere north of the city you can get a nice view on the low flatlands of the city . 
  it sounds like a kind of cheat . 
  i mean most of that height is under the sea level . 
  what is the hightest building in a conventional sense ( ie i can enter it on ground level and walk up to a certain height ) ? 
  that sounds and looks surreal, 
  rashford did more in his what , 5 minutes on the pitch , than everyone else on the team did the entire game . 
  well , i do n't think that there is a stadium in the world with 330 000 capacity, 
  well , it was close this year , 
  well , lets not get ahead of ourselves . 
  there will be chelsea , and tottenham , and west ham . 
  and even crystal palace . 
  but it highly depends on your own surroundings . 
  for example , there are statistics that show that more than 20 % of population of croatia , where i am from are overweight . 
  i would have never said so . 
  that is 1 in 5 . 
  in my daily life maybe 1 in 20 of people that i see are mybe overweight . 
  should n't this belong to r/nottheonion, 
  i would prefer if they do it the other way around . 
  first assign aggregate points from the judges , and then one country at a time , popular vote . 
  cut short the judges and start with their votes in aggregate . 
  then do one by one country popular vote . 
  hour of slow torture with reporting every country ( at least the 1-10 was in blocks ) to be nullified in 2 minutes . 
  poland went from last with 7 points to top 5 with almost 200 in a second . 
  i dissagree . 
  the whole torture with going to every country one by one ment shit . 
  poland was last by the judges and then suddenly went to top5 . 
  why bother with that first half then ? 
  sorry , but who the hell are marine a and his wife ? 
  what do half of these things even mean ?? 
  for example , `` least noisy housing '' , `` most slavery '' wtf ? 
  it 's good you came in summer . 
  in winter it can get very depressing . 
  i think jenny was my first crush, 
  well , croatia is more like bulgaria in this regard . 
  source : am croat, 
  she is like the epitome of an irish girl, 
  not criticizing , just til, 
  i had really hoped this was some onion type article, 
  i am from that part that is supposed to be germany on the sea and i have never heard of it being part of the holy roman empire, 
  sorry , but if mutual understanding is the key all of those should be in a single group . 
  look at a text written in those four languages and they are pretty much the same . 
  i will argue that slovenian and macedonian should n't be grouped here becasue they are a bit different , but these four are pretty much the same . 
  like british and american english, 
  in continental croatia german is te second foreign language taught in school ( english is the first ) . 
  in the coast it is italian . 
  so you have a bunch of people who can speak italian reasonably well and bunch who can speak german.but very neately geographically distributed . 
  also in istria and northern adriatic coast ( ca n't vouch for the south ) lots of people speak italian due to herritage and so . 
  even the chakavian dialect has lots of words derived from italian . 
  especially in istria where all the signs are biningual and all towns have italian and croatian name . 
  well , roma and romanians sound the same ... 
  never have i ever heard the verb o\u017eujati, 
  you can choose to learn cases or tenses so choose wisely . 
  and extra alphabet in some languages as a bonus . 
  to be fair hungarian is also hard . 
  ( source : learning it ),
