pretty sure op also needs the three years residency to qualify for the cheaper home fees too . 
  i hate to say this but i think eu citizens need three years residency in the eu/eea to get financial support from the uk government . 
  never heard of it . 
  absolutely , i 'd pay taxes . 
  we have a responsibility to pay them for the good of society . 
  slippers, 
  no american president has been as `` popular '' as trump . 
  absolutely no idea . 
  means she probably wants feeding - so good luck for her , bad luck for me . 
  bugger means to sodomise - to bugger someone or to be buggered by someone . 
  it 's regarded as a relatively mild swear word . 
  i often use it instead of a more poohish ` bother ! ', 
  what goes into the oatmeal ? 
  is it sweetened with sugar or something else ? 
  ( always trying to find a healthier way to eat my porridge ) . 
  the hilarious story i heard was that walmart had greeters at the store entrances , which the german shoppers were not used to , and so the shoppers would complain about staff members accosting them as they arrived . 
  i 'd say yes on the us dollar . 
  i 'd have to think about canada but then i 'd have guessed canadian dollar . 
  however , i 'd have had to look up the mexican currency . 
  new zealand or canada . 
  yes , if it was reciprocal . 
  it 's fair-ish at the moment because , most of the time , it 's as hard for eu citizens to get work visas for the us as it is for us citizens to get work visas for the eu . 
  ca n't see the us allowing more eu citizens in without high level skills though . 
  that 's why i said london - buildings like that are really common there . 
  general craziness all around !, 
  excellent !, 
  could be anywhere in europe - however , that row of square windows at the bottom to me says rome . 
  on the other hand bricked up windows could be from the window tax = london ( unless other countries had this craziness too ) . 
  exotic-ish . 
  near to where i live there are lots of peacocks who keep escaping , causing mayhem on the local roads . 
  they make a racket too - but they 're very sweet and pretty . 
  of course not . 
  we wear socks or cosy slippers . 
  he looked really uncomfortable . 
  not sure that 's relevant with modern warfare . 
  drones , missiles etc. 
  vs humans with guns ? 
  never heard of this . 
  i 'm genuinely baffled at how the population can stand the idea of someone dying just because they do n't have money . 
  america is so different . 
  americans seem to have no sense of social responsibility . 
  seriously , never heard of it . 
  if you 're coming over from the us - get a visa or mastercard . 
  in the uk , ` all national rail train companies accept the major cards such as visa , visa delta , mastercard , maestro and amex . ', 
  http://www.nationalrail.co.uk/times_fares/ticket_types/45185.aspx#credit in the uk , paypal accepts the following cards : visa / delta / electron , mastercard / eurocard , maestro , american express . 
  water, 
  the iraqis - what a stupid question . 
  not sure it 's just the dogs you 've got to worry about . 
  if the cats get together to hunt ... 
  string and fish . 
  string involves string . 
  fish is string with a toy fish tied to the end . 
  both are mostly spectator sports . 
  my cat loves watching me run around the house with fish/string until she gets bored and walks off . 
  ampersand, 
  yes , i know . 
  i think that 's part of the reason i 'm enjoying trump so much . 
  it 's a distraction . 
  poor sod, 
  trump is my new sitcom . 
  egypt in the summer . 
  like standing under a hot hair drier permanently . 
  the power of the tabloids . 
  people know they 're powerful but i do n't think many quite grasp the real scale of it . 
  there 's a kind of people 's street-view of the world , held by much of the public ( especially the older generation ) , about the eu ( straight bananas ) , about the poor ( scrounges ) and disabled ( whiners and scroungers ) , that comes directly from the tabloid newspapers ( owned by right wing billionaires like murdock ) . 
  i 've got relatives who take their politics straight from the tabloids - they believe what they 're old , they vote the way they 're told , they have no idea how much they 're being manipulated . 
  the rest of society either tries to ignore it ( but is still governed by it ) , or buckles under and joins in . 
  it 's pernicious . 
  most restaurants will have at least one or two vegetarian options , many have more . 
  perhaps i 'm getting old , but i do n't recognise the bragging vegan/vegetarian image from the us . 
  it seems to be a quieter thing here , that 's been going on for a long time , like you 'll find old ladies who have been vegetarian for decades but do n't like to mention it . 
  it 's not seen as odd or a virtue , but rather just a choice . 
  you 'll only find out that someone you know has been a vegetarian for years when you order food together at a restaurant and then it 's not really remarked upon . 
  in many european countries private universities are seen as less prestigious . 
  it 's not the local authorities you 've got to worry about . 
  you need to ask individual land owners for permission to camp on their land , otherwise you 're trespassing . 
  often they 'll say no - and you 'll have to move on . 
  chimamanda ngozi adichie - purple hibiscus is one of my favourite books . 
  the only scary-idea thing i 've ever heard about cold sores has come from american tv . 
  it 's just a viral infection and often does n't need treating . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  i came here to say this !, 
  ` root vegetable ' was my first thought . 
  then the swedish chef from the muppets . 
  paying child support is a positive thing - it 's going to pay for your child . 
  i wonder if someone needs to do some growing up ? 
  teaching at university level in europe usually requires at least a phd and is incredibly competitive . 
  also , just to add , towards the end of the war , when the british public knew pretty much that the allies were going to win , life was still very grim : people had been working 16 hour + days for years , they were literally exhausted and yet loved ones were were still dying . 
  it was hard for people to keep going as the main motivation ( fear of losing the war ) had dissipated - so instead people began to look forward to the end of the war - and there was talk of getting rid of poverty , of having more equality and a society that would take care of its people from cradle to grave . 
  this became what kept people working and living through the last grim months . 
  so , when churchill spoke about going back to what they had before - it was n't what people wanted to hear . 
  timothy evans was an innocent man hanged for the murder of his child in 1950 . 
  he only found out his baby was dead when the police showed him her bloody clothes and accuse him of the crime . 
  he made the mistake of living upstairs from now notorious john christie , serial killer . 
  john christie was a main witness for the prosecution . 
  quite honestly , i ca n't see how anyone can be so sure that the police and judicial system have got it right . 
  there have been so many miscarriages of justice over the years . 
  totally !, 
  just keep mum about it !, 
   squish the shit out of the bag agreed - except for this - death penalty applies on some subreddits .
