i think not calling black people black is racist . 
  the problem with this map is , that it is in the style where flags are over the area . 
  that style is cool , but not when trying to show some `` would-be '' map , for which you do n't know the borders . 
  brotherland croatia for me . 
  so ... are they allowed to return ? 
  how are they regarded ? 
  i 'm totally clueless about this sort of stuff . 
  yeah , our jokes are mostly about regions , not cities per se . 
  but even then , no region is particularly targeted . 
  i 'm not up for a political debate right now , but i can assure you jan\u0161a will be out of jail in no time , because the conviction was unconstitutional . 
  i hope cerar will do well as our pm , but i just highly doubt it and with good reason . 
  honestly no . 
  nobody believes in politicians . 
  i would say semi-rightly so . 
  any way , leader of ps was born in serbia . 
  yup . 
  they won last elections , this year they had less than 4 % . 
  that 's how bad it is . 
  seriously doubt they are in any way similar our sns and yours . 
  to me , he seems like another puppet , put there to run as an `` anti-jansa '' option . 
  much like how jankovi\u0107 won last elections ( this year he did n't make parliament ) . 
  i 'm am seriously afraid this government will crash and burn . 
  he was obviously pushed into the forefront by the media . 
  he got extensive and incredibly beneficial media exposure . 
  his party was the only one that had a representative in confrontation for both parliamentary parties ( which it was not ) and non-parliamentary parties . 
  to sum up , everything seemed perfectly set up for him to win . 
  both bratu\u0161ek and jankovi\u0107 as well as jan\u0161a were presented in a bad light in the media , while miro cerar was always shown as a breath of fresh air . 
  he also had no clear political programme , which shows that voters did n't vote * for * him , but against others . 
  which i think is terrible for democracy . 
  did n't know that actually . 
  makes sense though . 
  i work at a store and some guy came to pay with it . 
  first time i saw it , i was like `` wtf dude ... '', 
  [ he 's talking about these and yes , they are valid ] ( http://eurocoinsales.com/images/2011slovenia3euro.jpg ), 
  what do you fear ? 
  downvotes ? 
  or 8 like us . 
  movies , wikipedia , documentaries . 
  quite a lot was about it i was taught in school , but most of it i 've known before . 
  another country with one design for all coins . 
  boooooring, 
  i work as a cashier and i got one . 
  i wanted to take it , but did n't have 2 $ of personal money on me , so i had to leave in the register :(, 
  i 've wondered about them myself . 
  now after a quick read-through of slovenia 's gun laws , i believe we should have the right to posses guns without `` specific reason '' . 
  the law says if we need a gun for self-defence , we need to provide ample evidence that our life is at risk . 
  what do you guys think about owning a gun to protect your home ? 
  what should you do if you are being robbed by an armed person ? 
  you are not allowed to shoot him , but you should hide and call the police . 
  i think that is a bunch of bullshit . 
  i do n't think russian troops were ever here ? 
  were they ? 
  i 'm pretty sure tito had a bit of a fallout with the politbureau or whatever . 
  i was just kidding man . 
  do n't worry , i respect your decision . 
  are you fucking sorry !?!, 
  our climate is pretty fucking diverse . 
  we have mediterranean , continental , alpine/mountain-y ( ? ), 
  and probably some other shit ... 
  it is n't even that cold to be honest . 
  just a few degrees below zero . 
  the worst in history was like -40 \u00b0 c or something like that . 
  serbia has `` crvenkast '' meaning reddish ( red-like ), 
  this map is a bit wrong , but i understand how it would be difficult to put every flag in serbia 's territory . 
  pizda is much more common amongst my friends . 
  right , makes sense then . 
  if you 're talking about jansa , he 's about as far from the yugoslav secret police as possible , but ok . 
  i understand completely what you mean . 
  my condolences, 
  this is from linz ... 
  they mix them yp often , but if they think hard enough , they know the difference :d, 
  i study in austria , i 've been with classmates for over a year now ... 
  they still think i 'm from slovakia . 
  close , 
  yeah im not quite sure about austro-hungary , but was n't croatia divided and half of it ruled by austria and half of it by hungary ? 
  in any case , both countries were getting more rights under austria towards the end of ah , but you still had many `` southern slavic brotherhood '' ideals . 
  honestly i think yugoslavia never worked for slovenia . 
  countries were just too different, 
  there were many pro-serbia groups in slovenia at that time . 
  probably in croatia as well . 
  the idea was that we would be more autonomous than under austria and that serbia is `` like a brother '' to slovenia/croatia . 
  which if you think about it now was stupid , but with the injustices done by the austro-hungarians , you can understand it . 
  any way , i think slovenia and at least the west part of croatia are closer to austria culturally than serbia and that was a problem later . 
  just a quick question , why would recognizing the genocide be so bad for the turkish government ? 
  is it just an ego thing ? 
  would turkish people lose faith in their government or something ? 
  do they actually have to pay some reparations to armenia or what ? 
  yup . 
  keep it since 1991 , the war of independence . 
  dat 100 % win rate . 
  the math problem itself is n't hard , but maybe the text makes it a bit confusing since this was n't in a native english speaking country . 
  here too, 
  i 've seen worse . 
  man , i sure love discussing the question of morality on reddit . 
  i 'm pretty sure frogs go `` rega rega , kvak '', 
  i 'm not trying to offer my opinion on anything , i just thought the irony of your last two sentences was funny , 
   at this point i ca n't bring myself to compare . 
   pkk hurt us more than isis did . 
  shut the fuck up dude . 
  you 're from the same country as i am , what problems with muslims do you have ?
