  ofcourse it has domestic support , as i explained , many montenegrins prefer russia over nato , since you know , the bombing . 
  you did n't answer my question , why does n't the government organise a referendum ? 
  if milo is so democratic . 
  ( well hes retired now , but he is still pulling the strings ) now thats just plain bs , in those years , the presiident of the federal government was momir bulatovic , a montenegrin . 
  but but , i thought we were bros :(, 
  so what ? 
  if montenegro tried to join some russian led organziation , us/eu would certianly be agressive in not letting it happen . 
  agressive rethoric is still not a threat . 
  montenegrins in fact , did make up a part of the yugoslavia ( whats left of it ) military , and were in some leading positions along with serbs , so i would n't say it was n't their foreign policy . 
  no , it 's not ignoring the context , its completely within the context , montenegrins do not look at nato positively in most cases , and russia has been an ally to montenegro more than the us . 
  why does n't the government let a referendum on nato happen ? 
  are they afraid of the results ? 
  im speaking from unverifiable pesonal expirience now , i know a lot of montenegrins , since i live in belgrade and they come to study here , and out of 30 people i know that are montenegrins ( not serbs in montenegro ) , a vast majority of them do n't see nato in a positive light , but the thing is , they do n't see russia in the positive light either , but if they wanted an ally , theyd choose russia . 
  well , if they start implementing it , you guys are welcome at our place . 
  [ not if this project works !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qltlrz77eze ), 
  okay then , why would montenegro see russia as a threat , has montenegro ever been threatend by russia ? 
  or was any neighbour in its radius been threatend ? 
  i 'd worry more about the us from montenegros perspective , they did get bombed by the us led coalition , not by russians . 
  you ca n't stop trolling can you ? 
   one is an ally , the other is - to say the least - a hostile government for the time being . 
   acceptable and expected , whereas having any extra-governmental political ties whatsoever with the latter is borderline treason . 
  this is a very dangerous view , and the part of the problem . 
  you do realise not every country ( idk what one you 're from so ca n't be specific ) has the same foreign relations ? 
  not everyone sees us as an ally and not everyone sees russia as the big bad wolf . 
  nope , not a serbian song , nor have i heard it before today , but a friend told me its frequently on radio tdi , which is a popular radio in serbia , but i would n't have thought it 's the * most * popular song, 
  [ this is so true its not even funny , these are basically your arguments ] ( http://i.imgur.com/whgqq6u.png ) that principality has nothing to do with modern albanians lol . 
  nah , it 's just better than being a small country that relies on selling drugs and other illegal stuff to maintain itself . 
  not just more people , better people . 
  well , the system is surely better than yours , since it actually teaches stuff like history and law , and not how to make up history and break the law, 
   slovenia : lutka - s.a.r.s awww < 3  serbia : dale maweci - sonny flame , elephant man the fuck ? 
  im not saying they will , but in case of emergency , it would make a good base . 
  i mean they pulled all this shit with ukraine because of sevastopol , makes you wonder what they would do to get to the adriatic . 
  but anyway , its probably milo 's doing . 
  the only one trolling here is you . 
  exactly , the most honest relations serbia has are with greeks , romanians , montenegrins and republika srpska , rest are filled with animosity , i just hope we will be partners in the eu someday . 
  apparently they do . 
  but tbh , montenegro * is * on the adriatic , and would be a good ally for russia to have . 
  but anyway , i just think this was milos way of getting rid/discrediting the opposition . 
  well , somebody will get butthurt again . 
  as always, 
   is basically a nation um , when you use a word basically , it really is n't . 
  there was no nation , no state , maybe people , but thats it . 
  nope you didnt.even if you did , as you stated earlier , your politicians willingly served the ottomans , our were forced to . 
  no we did n't try to claim him , but we just said he is half serb , which is true since his mother is vojislava brankovic lol . 
  um ... theres really nothing to be envious about albania , i mean you people lived in tribes till like 30 years ago , and some still do xd, 
  there was no albanian nation then lol . 
  well they were albanian by ethnicity , considering one albanian does n't change that he was , by ethnicity albanian . 
  dude do n't be so mad , we all know you bowed to ottomans , chill . 
  well , you usually dont envy people who steal history , and bow down ass up to every conqueror . 
  no no , you said , they were in the turkish court , willingly , so they served them willingly , unlike other nations who were forced , so you admit to them being dogs ? 
  well no wonder , since they basically brought you here, 
  if the government decided to join a * defensive * organization , does n't mean the people have to like it when they attack different nations , joining an organization does n't mean you should dogmatically accept their every move , why the fuck would slovenians support let 's say us 's invasion of iraq or afghanistan ? 
  they basically ruined those countries , not to mention libya . 
  fella , france and uk could n't do that without us backing , indeed afghanistan never ended , and you dont see that as a problem ? 
  iraq took place between 2003-2011 , so slovenia was a part of nato during the lions share of the conflict ... read some books , fella . 
  it is , mostly . 
  the government ca n't decide that without a referendum . 
  the news outlet just passed what the institute president said , it 's not b92s research . 
  no , you just cant read from your own list , it says all of the possible serb ones are devsirme , which are the ones taken by blood tax , which means they are n't serbs but converted . 
  on the other hand , theres plenty of albanians who the list says are just albanian , not taken by blood tax , so yeah , you were ottomans dogs that willingly served them . 
  and libya , syria , afghanistan phase ii , afghanistan phase i , iraq do n't come to mind ? 
  seriously dude , just give it up . 
  as the guy said , they affect him indirectly because they are a part of nato , crimea , georgia , donbass do n't affect him , they have no touching points with them . 
  right , and thats why some high viziers were albanians ? 
  give me a break . 
  idk why tho , we are better off in almost everything . 
  nope , but they supported the people that did , many of them joined the uck , and they certainly did n't stop them from killing civilians/police before the insurgency escalated into war . 
  nice strawman , i did n't say serbia was a saint who did nothing wrong i merely stated that they provoked the war to happen , then another one in presevo valley , and another one in macedonia , are you saying serbia started all these or albanians did ? 
  do not mix croatia and bosnia into this , this is a debate about kosovo , or i can mix hitler being austrian , while we are off topic . 
  hm , under dusan yeah , because he conquered most of the european parts of it , but nvm politics , from the ottoman periods to the kosovo war , serbs and greeks were very closely linked together and supported each other . 
  yes balkan wars included . 
  what ? 
  i did n't ask anything , check again man . 
  suffering from war ? 
  dude they started the war . 
  what about it ? 
  kek nobody said anything about being similar with them , but you do foster good relations, 
  if you think ottomans are the only thing that ties serbs and greeks together , start doing some research , you have google . 
  i 'm not competent or informed enough to argue for sweden being a rapefugee center , or not being one , so i stay out of it , but i am informed enough on reddit since i 've been lurking for a year or two , to know how much trolls there are . 
  im pretty sure i did n't state we were n't a scapegoat , but the assasination of the archduke started it . 
  lol , implying she willingly went into the marriage , who would willingly be married to an albanian ? 
  it 's insulting to most serbs : / yea , they were vassals , but not willingly , they were conquered , albanians willingly served ottomans , even some albanians were high viziers . 
  as i said , we have history , we do n't need our pm to say bullshit like albanians were present in the battle for kosovo of 1389 contrary to every known claim lol . 
  lol , well , world war 1 was started over us , so yeah i guess people care . 
  more than about albania and kosovo at least , as childish as that sounds . 
  no , if he went after his fathers side , hed probably be an ottoman servant , and also comitting mass acts of terrorism and ethnic cleansing . 
  being butthurt is n't the right thing . 
  this post wo n't help people realise the situation in sweden , in fact , that may even worsen it . 
  people keep mentioning the guy , while when i asked the guy whats it about , he stated you guys are butthurt lol . 
  4/4 people that mentioned him are albanians , what did the guy do , he obv wo n't tell me . 
  if you do n't agree with the article , please , state otherwise , until then , reap profits from the illegal trafficking . 
  i did n't attack anyone , i just advised him not to be so triggered by reddit trolls . 
  i have better use of my time than argue with people who wo n't listen to reason . 
  and people mostly here are just triggering the op again , or are blatantly being sarcastic . 
  for the governments that invested billions in the program ( * read , united states of america * ), 
  true , but we do n't love putin , guess you wouldnt understand what that would be , albanians are only close to turks , while serbs are close to all east-orthodox nations , you have to live in one of the nations to understand it . 
  does n't change the fact one of your ` heroes ' is ethnic half-serb lol . 
  i agree , drugs should be legalised , because no matter how much you fight it , junkies will always exist , dealers will always be present , it 's better for states to handle an tax clean drugs , than to let dealers spray and mix all kinds of shit . 
  that would be a far more superior tactic , but saddly , in todays time , too much money and man power has been invested into the war on drugs , that pulling the plug suddenly can cause more problems .
