  again , you are not illyrians , you might be mixed with them , but so are slavs . 
  so by living with in it with illyrian blood , we got the same claim , difference is we conquered it . 
  oh okay , novak djokovic, 
  does n't matter who they mention , as you can see , the organization is far from reputable , even it 's founder criticized it . 
  if you 're talking about u/gawur s list , he linked crimes after 1737 to kosovo war , and whats even more shocking , is that albanians continiued to massacre serbs after the fucking war . 
  committing massacres during war time is one thing , comitting massacres during peace time is much much worse . 
  [ this is far from reputable , as you see , it has been accused of all kinds of biases over the years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_human_rights_watch ) so how exactly is it reputable ? 
  and im sure the american founded organization , that is also funded by mostly america has every reason to be objective then . 
  why not ? 
  whose will you trust ? 
  natos ? 
  right and those sources are so unbiased . 
  huh ? 
  oh that makes more sense :d thanks for the clarification . 
  fun fact , turks tried to burn the remains of saint sava on vracar ( where one of the biggest orthodox churhces was erected in his honor , later ) , in order to break the serbs , but serbs actually grew angrier and increased rebellious activities . 
  [ more info ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/burning_of_saint_sava%27s_relics ) so yeah , i do n't remember ah burning our saints or killing our clergy , maybe thats why we focused on attacking ottomans and not austrohungarians as u/19o5 said . 
  now im interested , how is he popular in india ? 
  serbian sources estimated between 1,200 and 5,700 civilian deaths it might be even higher than i stated , i just stated a median to not overshoot or undershoot it . 
  you are literally the most butthurt person i saw on this forum.but i guess i 'd be butthurt too if i lived where you do . 
  clinton is controlling the eu :o, 
  yes , and then we eat small children , then we jump and kill the bulgarians muahahahaha . 
  today and tomorrow are days off , but note that tomorrow ( second day off ) was added in 2012 , until then we only had 1 holiday which was 15th feb , now we celebrate both 15 and 16 . 
  and ofc most people do n't work today and tmw , 
  exactly , they are brainwashed , and raised to be turks , not serbs , so you cant call them loyal serbs , since they were never serbs to begin with , nor did they have a choice in the matter . 
  are we just naming artists or can i add some more ? 
  thanks :d, 
  kek :d, 
  you really should pick up a definition of genocide , war crimes and massacres = / = genocide . 
  do n't play the sympathy card , just state facts . 
  8661 albanian civilians died in the war , while serbian numbers are at 3500 + 2500 since nato intervention started , so thats 7000 civilians , 8661 and 7000 are n't such different numbers . 
  how dare you argue on a subject you are clearly uninformed about ? 
  not to mention they started the war . 
  lol , jashari was at the time a terrorist warlord responsible for the death of dozen of civilians , he offered to surrender , he refused , locked himself in the compound and started shooting at the police . 
  not saying what happend was right , but , terrorists cant roam free . 
  and no , organ theft had up to 300 victims , which si by far the largest crime in kosovo war . 
  some were vassals , yeah , but they were the minority . 
  afterwards they were conquered . 
  it 's not like they voluntarily ( most of them ) joined ottomans . 
  wtf ? 
  see , thats how you get people to look at you like you 're a schizophrenic, 
  actually , you can be pretty sure what his motive was , he was a member of young bosnia , which was a yugoslav nationalist organization , all ethnicities were in it , and they wanted to form yugoslavia . 
  it 's tiring , hes on every tread , spreading misinformation like that . 
  i did n't state we are the only ones , but one of the most numerous . 
  um . . it 's not the most important battle nor did we side with anyone , literally 1500 horsemen is nothing compared to the hundreds of thousands that fought . 
  maybe use words to explain what you meant, 
  thats just one battle , when turks enslaved serbia . 
  there were some vassals , but you are blatantly refusing to acknowledge the wast number of rebellions that serbs started , that the majority of serbs were against ottomans , and that we fought them for almost 400 years , based on one battle and your lack of knowledge lol . 
  also for child mutilation , mothers would cut off fingers , ears just so janissaries would n't take them , truly a loyal to ottoman thing to do / s !, 
  as a user on another thread stated , everything was reversible , until germany mobilized their army . 
  lool ... albanians are n't proven to be descended from illriyans , thats just propaganda and a proposed theory . 
  but anyway , we conquered it , when you conquer it back , not cry to nato , sure , take it , until then psshhh . 
  yep , no problem , we know you ca n't fight , so we fought for you . 
  but the same list was made way way before serbia and montenegro , information is information , just accept that you are not the victims , but agressors aswell . 
  lol , historically those parts were never albanian ( maybe under ottomans ) , so nope , no claim on them . 
  if it was n't for us and greeks , you 'd still be under turks so be grateful . 
  source it . 
  because we were n't . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_serbian%e2%80%93turkish_conflicts does a battle every few years look like something allies do ? 
  i did n't call you anything i just said you post deliberate misinformation in order to get an angry response by serbs . 
  also people saying princip was a serb nationalist , remember , he was a yugoslav nationalist , those were very different ( and still are ) things . 
  in what beginning ? 
  tsar dusan tried to get the pope to raise an army because he sensed the turkish threat . 
  chill , all the dude does is bait . 
  just look at his post history . 
  yes , all parts of serbia can afford to come to belgrade for night life/colledge but cant spare like 500-1000 din ( 4-8e ) for a bus ticket or for fuel to come to protest , please spare me . 
  it 's just easier to sit on your ass and complain about belgrade than actually do something . 
  how is it incomparable ? 
  a sizeable protest anywhere is noticed . 
  the loyalest subjects of the ottomans from these parts were bosniak muslims and albanians ( wonder why ) jannissaries were taken as infants and taught they are turks , would n't call that loyalty . 
  nope , we had rebellions and rebellions against them . 
  the only thing he does is bait . 
  well ... why dont you ` plebs ' protest ? 
  what , people of belgrade should protest for everyone ? 
  you do n't have arms , legs , voices and signs ? 
  * everything * jk , some corruption and stuffs , the usual . 
  and other muslims too , but yeah it started as an meme for ottomans . 
  * regaining , since we had independence before :d, 
  idk , people always have bad connotations associated with nationalism . . 
  it is used as a word for muslims :d ye we all agree its amazing :p, 
  if you do n't have some extra archdukes left we are fine \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  what does that possibly have to do with anything ? 
  bashing serbs is n't anything new on this sub , it 's slowly becoming free karma , just like bashing russians . 
  even serbian statehood day seems controversial lol . 
  same scenario , only we got bombed the fuck out . 
  yes because all yugoslavs were serbs and all yugoslavs hated albanians / s, 
  butthurt much ? 
   land given back to the university okay when you give kosovo back to serbia :p, 
  decani was built by stefan decanski , it was never converted , it started as a orthodox christian church . 
  all members of the board are serbian , none of them have albanian names of surnames , also , the plis was worn in those regions , yes they are traditionally albanian , but other people wore them too . 
  the last one can be added to the ancient astronaut level of science . 
   second greatest * triggered *, 
  `` save yourselves brothers , who wants and who can !, 
  those who stay will die ! '', 
  sindjelic is one of the top 5 badasses of serbian history in my book , even his alleged last words are epic . 
  oh , i agree , that one is much better than both . 
  nice subject change , raska does n't want independence , i mean , their representative is the vp of goverment , that hardly says independence , vojvodina is 80 % serb , it also does n't want independence . 
  but again , why not let srpska who is 95 % reach independence ? 
  exactly , thats part of the problem , it wants to , you just are so undemocratic as to not allow them their right to self-determination  . 
  edit : herzeg * slight typo on my phone . 
  how about self-determination ?
