the dude literally shouted allahu akbar , i do n't really think it has to do with christians ? 
  it does n't exist yet , but it will in a few years . 
  i agree with somewhat not counting slovenia ... but croatia is balkans dude . 
  sharia law here you come !, 
  no no , i completely understand , i did n't imply it was because of serbia , but i just think its unnecessary . 
  on the same topic , us buying tech is exactly the opposite reason , we do n't have nato , we only got ourselves , and our military was out of date , so we tried to update it with the little resources we have , not to provoke croatia , but both ours and your politicians used that to gather political points : / eh , you should join the fun missions in africa :p, 
  why tho ? 
  giving children nightmates - slovenian edition :d but really it 's an awesome costume and an awesome carneval, 
  ah , thanks for the link , i was too lazy to find one , 
  yes , i know , and thats freaking awesome , good work guys :d more useful stuff needs to be bought , instead of spending money we do n't have on military stuff we do n't need ( in both our cases ) or conscription ( your case ) , thats just stuff we do wrong : /, 
  i think the biggest problem , apart from us kids being morons , is the teachers themselves , my math teacher in highschool was a guy who basically worked for state benefits because he had 2 private companies , and he literally said he just worked there for benefits and to pass the time , naturally he did n't actually teach us shit , we just passed the class . 
  my physics teacher was awesome tho . 
  another funny story is when an ethnic ukrainian woman was my teacher of civil law , and my teacher that taught me civil law for the first 2 years taught me russian ( she sucked at it ) ... our system in a nutshell . 
  croatia arming for war it seems !, 
  / s just kidding , happy to see money used for something thats actually beneficial , and not like our idiots use it . 
  why do you allow the spread of islamic extremism and terrorist attacks like the one in zvornik ? 
  theocracy , what ? 
  oiii , not the whole balkan !, 
  afaik serbia won some medals in the mathemathics olympiad ... so guess some of us know math :(, 
  the same stuff the dude said , can be applied to serbia , literally the same educational system , except ofc we learn serbian and they croatian , but the math is present for * at least * 12 years , and then depends what college you pick . 
  um ... since when is nato a requirement ? 
  bulgaria is part of the eu , when serbia is part of the eu , it will join the sanctions , until then , it 's bad for the economy to do so . 
  bosnia failed to remove wahabis from its country , and remains the country with one of the highest number of fighters per capita supplied to isis , along with letting arabs form no-go zones , also bought mujahedeen fighters during the war , therefore bosnia is a outspoken isis and wahhabi supporter . 
  sweet jesus , da . 
  thats awesome and creepy as hell in the same time :d, 
  good job taking something cute and nostalgic and ruining it -_-, 
  like an abusive spouse ? 
  ye the text is really hard to follow . 
  lol , same can be argued for bulgaria . 
  also , how is serbia outspoken supporter of russia ? 
  okay then , bosnia is an outspoken supporter of wahhabis and of isis !, 
  i phrased it wrong , i meant his criticsm of it , not that hes anti- nato, 
  ye i like them both a lot too :d, 
  what is ? 
  i just asked a question , it 's an interesting subject . 
  rs not a country ? 
  the sweet delusions some people have.see ^ i ^ can ^ bait ^ too, 
  and in 2016 by one organization , it lost by a margin of a staggering 20.2 points , but i just took the one in account that says 0.2 to be correct and not manipulative . 
  as i said , with milo gone , trump here , the trend will die down . 
  oh yeah , it 's pushing it , and thats why serbian/montenegrin families are so intertwined ? 
  they literally are brothers ( cousins ) in most cases . 
  a lot of montenegrins come to serbia to study or live , a lot of serbs go to montenegro to work summer jobs/vacation . 
  i mean , serbs ( not counting rs ) do n't have a closer nation than montenegrins , we have been allies since we know of each other . 
  which ones ? 
  serbs and montenegrins consider themselves brothers , even now after the 2006 split . 
  ca n't confirm the russian part , thats just my general conclusion after speaking with montenegrins . 
  hate nato - well they do favor not joining it by 0.2 and as i said , the only way for the against is to go up since trump got elected and dictator milo lost power . 
  dec 2016 cedem 39.5 39.7 0.2 and the differnece is , trump got elected and milo left , with trumps anti-nato rethoric , and milo losing power , the only way for nato sentiment is to go down in montenegro . 
  lol , just face it , montenegrins are closely related to serbs , favor russia over us , but hate nato , whats so controversial there ? 
  the president will stay , no grounds on which to impeach him ( yet ) , but i do n't think he breeds trust into nato . 
  ye , i noticed that too , every thread . 
  but it 's okay if he actually had something to say , he just says stuff thats bait , or asks baity questions . 
  which does n't contribute to the debate at hand . 
  as you can see in the polls , montenegrins do n't want into nato by a margin of 0.2 serb or not , they hate it . 
  um ... not countless , some paramilitary groups , which number less than 4000 thousand ... while there were 6000 mujahedeen . 
  if you make an argument that serbs invaded bosnia on the account of 4000 volunteers , you can make the argument that arabs invaded because there were 6000 thousand of them . 
  no , the whole of vrs was formed out of bosnian serb detachment of jna , there were little to no serbs , except the paramilitaries , which again , are less in number than the mujahedeen . 
  yes because everyone that disagrees with you is a serb or secretly a serb right ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_montenegro_to_nato#opinion_polls these polls . 
  us having them does n't make it right . 
  i find no no-go zones in serbia . 
  lol , nice way to explain war crimes , good on you mate . 
  apparently they are n't , even if the foreign ones are , the one in maoca are domestic wahhabis , which is worse , basically proves you harbor future terrorists which are bosnian , and not mujahedeen or smth . 
  it 's not commong knowledge , montenegro was in a union with serbia , with the brass of the military being filled with montenegrins and serbs , not just serbs , they were also in leading positions in the federal government , so you ca n't just say they had differing foreign policy and not back it up . 
  thats just bs you made up to cover up the fact the montenegrins hate nato because of the bombing of srj . 
  yes , following the elections , the us president criticsed nato , so more montenegrins will actually stray away from nato ( add milo going from power too ) so the only way for the nato sentiment is down at this point . 
  nobody invaded bosnia , they fought bosnian serbs , not serbian serbs , you keep trolling but you do n't know crap about history lol . 
  right , thats why they bought 6000 of them . 
  yes , and thats exactly why the polls * against * nato are leading . 
  well most montengrins i know are against nato , but my unverified story is actually backed by the polls . 
  whole quarters bought by arabs , which keep regular bosnians from going into them . 
  yep , the same maoca that is known for hosting large number of wahhabists . 
  also , interesting propaganda you spread : wikipedia the village was formerly known as karavlasi ( serbian cyrillic : \u041a\u0430\u0440\u0430\u0432\u043b\u0430\u0441\u0438 ) . 
  during the bosnian war , the village was ethnically cleansed from its pre-war serb population . 
  after the war it was populated by foreign and domestic wahhabists , [ citation needed ] the majority of whom participated in the war as members of the el mud\u017eahid detachment of the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina . 
  so , as you see , you ethnically clensed serbs , and replaced them with wahhabists . 
  just look at that pie chart , the yes and no have the * same * percentage . 
  i meant source the differign foreign policies thing . 
  edit : what ? 
  favorable ? 
  the against margin is leading by 0.2 in opinon . 
  oh so it 's our fault they invited and payed the mujaheeden ? 
  haahhaha , thats their own mess , not ours . 
  why not arrest them and deprot them if they do n't leave ... . ooooh thats right , same values . 
  deliberate or not , children died because of nato , which nobody looks upon lightly , therefore , they do n't hold a positive opinion on nato , and why the government refuses to hold a referendum on joining it but are pushing for it . 
  diplomatic threats are n't the concern of the majority of the people , but the government , and only the people should have a say in which country they trust . 
  they do n't , they won as a proeu government , and thats fine , but taking the montenegrins into a organization that they hate will end up badly , always.they ca n't join an organization if most people in the country wont join it . 
  care to source that ? 
  oh and we will ignore those no-go zones , or the number of fighters bosnia supplied to isis , oooor the village that is filled with mujahedeen ? 
  oooh , even more bait ? 
  keep at it !, 
  but might i suggest actually reading up on a few subjects instead of trolling ? 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/families-of-nato-victims-in-montenegro-still-wait-for-justice i guess kids are military targets ? 
  and secondly , because they regard serbia as their closest country , which was bombed , so yeah , generally montenegrins dislike nato . 
  baiting brigade would be more appropriate tho . 
  ah alrighty then :d well dubioza is n't ours , it 's bosnian :p but sars is plenty !, 
  yeah keep baiting and trolling mate . 
   bosniaks were even more secular than you . 
  pahahahahahahahaha, 
  but that 's not a threat lol , you 're confused .
