  like ? 
  yeah , nobody is denying that , but the article just calls for stricter actions . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  well , it still exists , unlike some i can name , we do n't need to make stuff up to be relevant . 
  yeah , exactly , when djindjic was assasinated over here , a massive operation called sabre ( sablja ) arrested anyone with even alleged ties to the crime world , and again recently , the balkan warrior op arrested dozens more that were smuggling cocaine from south america , but from then , it 's silent . 
  yes , thats why serbia and russia were in bad relations until the 90s , and the whole tito-stalin split happend , please . 
  you kissed boots from the ottomans up until today , thats one thing that is constant , which in a world where stuff constantly changes , is a welcome sight . 
  i mean the only notable ressistance you had against ottomans was by a half-serb lol . 
  most of the heroin here comes from albania/kosovo paths , which comes from turkey . 
  marijuana is grown and sold from albania and kosovo , while the cocaine is imported from colombia and other south american nations , serbian organized crime members actually are arrested a lot for cocaine smuggling . 
  well technically so does the black sea . 
  can you people stop with this ? 
  first the croatian guy with croats not being nazis , now you with sweden not being immigration heaven . 
  dude we do n't think like that , it 's just the vocal minority of retards , do n't get triggered and butthurt so easily . 
  still does n't make sense , they only occupied crimea because they need a warm-water harbor in the black sea , why would they take constantionople ( which has 10 milion angry turks ) to achieve the same goal ? 
  admitting you are spineless does n't make you being spineless any less laughable . 
  nope , unlike some countries i can name ( * khm * ) we have history , and for the case of greeks and serbs , it 's quite similar . 
  massacres = / = genocide , as you can see , albanians massacred serbs * after * the war and committed the largest single massacre that is organ theft , so the only one here denying crimes is you . 
  well then go to the us , nobodys stopping you , balkans would be more peaceful if anything . 
  my butthurt level ? 
  as much as i do n't agree with kosovo being a state , objectively , it 's a fugly monument , dude , just look at it . 
  ofcourse , i 'm not saying they want to , but what would happen ? 
  ( btw why do n't they have language rights if they are 30 + % ? ), 
  it 's ugly, 
  how is kosovo valuable exactly ? 
  if you said montenegro , sure , but kosovo ? 
  what ? 
  greeks have good relations with every eastern christian country ( except fyrom , for obvious reasons ) with one of the best being with serbia . 
  russia did n't also , but they feel closer to their values than they do to americas . 
  what would happen if they pulled for independence from latvia and estonia ? 
  ( the russian minorities i mean ), 
  i like how he stated a few comments above that only serbians call him an albanian , guess this proves him wrong . 
  lol . 
  just lol . 
  do n't forget the albanian uprising in podujevo , bujanovac and medevedja that serbia quelled in 2001 . 
  and the uprising in macedonia . 
  who started the civil war ? 
  who did the worst crime of the war ( organ theft , up to 300 victims , still unpunished ) ? 
  please stop talking about matters you know nothing about . 
  slovenia was better than others in yugoslavia , and is better now , that did n't change . 
  but in yugoslavia they were a part of a larger nation , and had some security in the social stuff . 
  we 'll you 'd have to be a state to get a choice , as long as it 's a disputed region , serbian choice is kosovo 's choice . 
  okay , now link every war in the last 30 years the us has been involved with , and their consequences , and you will see why russia is prefered . 
  heck , ill try my best : * us invasion of panama ( 1989-1990 ) - deposed manuel noriega . 
  * gulf war ( 1990-1991 ) - restored emir jaber iii and sanctioning iraq . 
  * somali civil war ( 1992 - 1995 ) - civil war still ongoing * intervention in haiti ( 1994-1995 ) * bosnian war ( 1994-1995 ) - dayton accords signed , sent airforce to bomb serbs . 
  * kosovo war ( 1998 - 1999 ) - sent airforce to bomb belgrade and it 's infrastructure , despite un not clearing the operation , helped kla ( they branded them terrorists until 1998 , how convenient ) , clearing the ground for the upcmb uprising in serbia , and later in macedonia . 
  kumanovo treaty signed , later broken . 
  * war in afghanistan ( 2001-2014 ) - invaded and occupied afghanistan , war still ongoing in phase ii started in 2015 . 
  * iraq war ( 2003-2011 ) - invaded and occupied iraq , on non-proven reports on wmds , basically ruining iraq ( just like afghanistan ) and making it a fertile ground for isis . 
  * war in north western pakistan ( 2004-present ) - sent airforce and drones to assist the government . 
  * libyan civil war ( 2011 ) - deposed and killed muammar gaddafi , destroying libya from a progressive north-african state to a islamic shitshow . 
  * war on isis - funded ` moderate ' rebels , bombing government forces until russia stepped in , requested deposement of bashar al-assad . 
  see , while russia sorts mostly its own backyard , the us brings down states from half the world away , creating chaos in most cases . 
  ye theres this interview with a girl from kosovo stating that kosovo can be the 51st american state . 
  well , you 've been kissing the boot of every superpower that comes through the balkans , i guess it 's us 's turn now , 
  a beautiful place with lots of nature ? 
  generally yes , but in this case , only izetbegovic is doing it since the 2 others opted out, 
  nope . 
  eu accession has nothing to do with nato lol . 
  afaik both the croatian and serbian presidential representative dismissed their support in the case , leaving izetbegovic to destabilize bih by himself ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kosovo as you can see , the sides that fought states , serbs , bosnians , serbs from the brankovic dynasty ( skenderbeg is descended from them through his mother vojislava too ) and some croatian + austrian volunteer , nowhere does it state albanians were even present in the region . 
  if it does n't , then they are n't . 
  and nope , we did n't state we won the battle , we merely are taught that we fought the ottomans till the end , but lost in the long run , because the ottomans had other armies , but i guess you were never taught such stuff since you bent over to the ottomans . 
  nope , the earliest known census in kosovo states that 86 settlements in kosovo were serbian , 3 were albanian . 
  ( 14th century ) so what ? 
  protests got violent , police dispersed them , i really dont see an issue here . 
  what if i told you that you can exaggerate one side and still report the other side ? 
  :o wikipedia is much more reliable than albanian newspapers . 
  i mean , your pm claimed you were in battle of kosovo in 1389 , so i dont trust your media much if your pm spreads misinformation propaganda lol . 
  fncwin ? 
  um , only police and army killed your people , not civilians , see where im going with this ? 
  while your people actually did kill and injure our police . 
  nobody took anything , as i said , you took serbian land . 
  i see no protestors killed just people protesting ? 
  i didnt say warcrimes did n't happen ? 
  also albanian newspapers are n't the best sources . 
  and yeah , they died , along with every notable albanian commander except haradinaj and thaci . 
  how is he a traitor ? 
  people killing police should n't be looked kindly upon , no matter your ethnicity . 
  okay before ww2 ? 
  kosovo was the center of the serbian state in the 13-14th century , our patriarchate is on kosovo , so what land are you talking about ? 
  it 's ours . 
  yes , source your claims , you just spew bullshit and no source to back it up . 
  i live in belgrade . 
  i just put the eu flag because im pro-eu and would like to be in the eu . 
  my joke is kosovo constantly breaks the law , and oyu got butthurt over it . 
  well technically you started the kosovo war for the independence 9 years before you illegally proclaimed it , so yes people got hurt over it . 
  nope , it 's not a joke to me , would you mind me joking about the kosovo war ? 
  besides , i made a joke too , you are butthurt over it too . 
  he refused to surrender , while regretable , it was by his choice they were there . 
  if you are talking about the 1981 student protest , the protest was crushed by police who was 50 % albanian at the time , and your politician named mahmut bakalli requested government aid in police and tanks because the protesters injured 17-20 policemen . 
  so an albanian requested the protest to be dispersed , not the serbs . 
  that 's just blatant bullshit and propaganda , if it is something other , just source it lol . 
  what property ? 
  300 000 serbs were n't allowed to return to kosovo after ww2 and their property was sold to albanians by the tito administration , it 's our property dude . 
  no , it was n't a province in yugoslavia , it was a region of serbia who was in yugoslavia . 
  as far as i understood him in another comment i made , the first one is what we both agree on . 
  that both are illegal and should not have happend . 
  both he and i are just calling out europe and us 's hypocrisy , they support kosovo but discredit crimea , which is stupid , same with russians , either do n't support any or support both , but i guess that will never happen .
