  i mean , after all if kosovo can do it so can herzog bosnia and republika srpska ( which even has republic in it 's name ), 
  no no , that 's the internationally recognized anthem of serbia . 
  why will it not happen , because you are hypocritical or because you are endangered by the idea that you will stay in 20 % of the country with 50 % of the population ? 
  nope , read them a long time ago , but , they formed their own region of herzog bosnia , along with rs , so that speaks volume on wanting independence from bosnia . 
  in the canton yes , but they do n't have their own entity , i mean if there are three constitutional peoples , why not have three entities ? 
  is n't that fair ? 
  or does that make you uncomfortable ? 
  i gave you an like and i subbed , hope you reach your goal , you 're videos are really good . 
  but please ... do n't * ever * sing :( . 
  nope , they will not be validate if they are punished for them . 
  nah , just check any poll , serbs wan na live in serbia , herzegovian croats want into croatia , you wo n't even allow them to form their own entity , so much for democracy . 
  at first i thought someone reposted the one video with the singing thats creepy as fuck , glad i was wrong . 
  and those founders who organized it are punished for it . 
  okay , what about the young people , kids , or those who were young then ? 
  old people sure , maybe , but the women , kids , young people now do n't wan na live in bosnia . 
  even croats want out , so why not let the serbs and croats out if they do n't wan na be in bosnia but want to be in croatia/serbia ? 
  again , the whole country did n't commit genocide , massacres were commited by individuals , who are , again , punished and trialed by law . 
  if you think like that , croatia and bosnia should n't exist because of their crimes in ww2 . 
  people who live in srpska mostly had nothing to do with the war , they were caught in it , just like you , and if they do n't wan na live in bosnia , why not leave ? 
  i 'm aware of that , but again , it 's not controversial since rs is a part of bosnia , he is being petty for just reposting , sure , but u/lectarian and others that took the time to organize on discord and post stuff like this , is the butthurt level im talking about . 
  but he is being trialed , and will be punished if he is guilty , if he is not , he will be set free , that 's how law works , no ? 
  and out of curiosity , what do you have against republika srpskas independence ? 
  well , things are looking better now , so let 's be hopeful . 
  not all the people did tho , and those that did were trialed and punished by law . 
  but by recognising kosovo yourself ( with this post , since even bosnia does n't recognise it ) you automatically would recognise rep. srpska in case it secedes . 
  so you see how your butthurtness does n't help you . 
  indeed !, 
  i laughed my ass of many times while watching that show , and the movie that followed it :d but i doubt the humor translates well into english ? 
  demographics should n't change territorial borders so easily , that would set a precedent that would likely end up badly . 
  i see.but it 's okay , looking at things from your angle , it makes sense , i 'd be so butthurt too if i had control of only half the country . 
  are you that petty and butthurt man ? 
  balkan countries that are ( usually ) not included are not eu members , and so their cooperation with eu institutions is not so organized . 
  serbia on the other hand has been on some of these maps , but i rarely see bosnia on them o.o, 
  first one would probably be black george begins , or black george rises, 
  [ for the lazy , but interested ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbian_revolution ), 
  uprising 2 : remove kebab, 
  also years later , on this date , the candlemas constitution was adopted . 
  we dont support russia in crimea or georgia . 
  as i said , romanians , greeks , bulgarians , russians , ukrainians , and every east orthodox nation is our ` orthodox brother ' . 
  i do n't know why you people think your enemy is my enemy is a viable path for diplomacy . 
  just because romanians do n't agree with russians does n't mean they should hate us for agreeing with russians . 
  we also call greeks , bulgarians , romanians , any orthodox nation is our orthodox brother , so idk why you single out russia . 
  russia did n't officially invade anyone , it 's just supporting ukraines ` rebels ' , serbs also do n't recognise crimea as russian , they recognise it as ukrainian , same with ukraine and russia recognising kosovo as serbian . 
  the difference is just in religion and mentality . 
  got ta practise dat terrorism ya know ? 
  so serbia isnt beautiful ? 
   oppressed armed terrorists killing police and civilians wont exactly get candy and bubblegum . 
  republika srpska is an entity that was formed way before the warcrimes happend , serbs just did n't want to be a part of bosnia , proclaimed it 's own entity . 
  warcrimes happend later . 
  yes , but it broke the treaty that was signed in 1999 by doing so . 
  republika srpska was formed as part of the dayton agreements , which , afaik were never broken . 
  i was n't talking about you ? 
  :p your post scenes from bosnia and herzegovina is n't controversial . 
  while rs is an entity , it is a part of bosnia and herzegovina , which is correct , so nothing controversial there . 
  this wo n't stop , this has turned into a circlefuck of retards pulling the same shit . 
  indeed , the war was over long ago  !, 
  would it impress you more if i told you i am a serb and he is a croat ? 
  the awkward moment you are so butthurt you actually have to organize on discord to make controversial threads , classy as always bosniaks . 
  the single biggest crime of the war ( organ theft ) was committed against serbs , and is unresolved to this day . 
  the war was started by albanians killing police and civilians . 
  also : [ wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_massacres_in_kosovo#kosovo_war ) as you can see , albanians massacred serbs even after the war . 
  novorussia is a unrecognized territory , rs is an internationally recognized entity . 
  serbs in bosnia also are n't tourists , but are native to the region , they can call it whatever they like , if that makes you butthurt , so be it . 
  i think it 's only implying that some beautiful nature is present in one of the two entities of bih , not that it is its own country . 
  well the last sentence is debatable really but wo n't go into that . 
  well then what 's the problem ? 
  entity ( afaik ) is a higher form of autonomy than a region , so whats the problem with it stating as such ? 
  well yeah , i did n't say it was n't , but the republika srpska part of bosnia . 
  as i said , it 's the same if someone posted a picture of some city in slavonia , and said a few pictures from ( city ) in slavonia , nobody is implying anything except that 's in that part of croatia . 
  same thing if it was a few pictures of ( city ) in vojvodina . 
  you 're just reading into this too much . 
  oh thank god , i have no idea how much i could keep up :d i agree about some descriptions , but for example , when you type in banja luka into google , the first result says it 's the largest city in republika srpska and then says in bih . 
  so that is n't a big mistake . 
  i agree , they are bosnian , but in this context , are part of the entity of rs . 
  but the title does in fact , imply that the photographs were taken all over the entity of republic of srpska in the country of bih, 
  i thought they were taken in the entity of republic of srpska in the country of bosnia and herzegovina ? 
  but the title clearly states that these scenes are in rs , not in the federation ? 
  or do i have the two mixed up ? 
  so i visit both constitutional entities or just the federation ? 
  because this one ( rs ) has some pretty cool nature . 
  * sigh * ... im gon na get dragged into this , are n't i ? 
  :( but the entity is just a location , it 's just like saying slavonia is beautiful , nobody is implying the rest of croatia is n't . 
  ( hope that 's a good analogy ), 
  can we just agree that the entity of republika srpska in the country of bih is beautiful and make peace ? 
  [ sigh ] ( https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/joke ), 
  the video says albanians are mexicans to serbs , so i made a joke with the most common mexican name that comes to mind . 
  chill hector . 
  the best.terrific . 
  i am calm ? 
  :p sorry if i came across as agitated hah, 
  thanks mexicanbro < 3, 
  well i think he covered that in his first part . 
  implying that having/not having croatian/serbian friends will change your opinion on the state . 
  even vucic cringed , look at his face , almost like hes ashamed, 
  only thing id like to add is not singular president , but presidents , recent american presidents have all had their share of interventionism . 
  so yeah , id worry less about germany , and more about usa , russia and turkey . 
  what ? 
  the dude was just a yugoslav - not a serb - nationalist , he was dreaming of a yugoslavia , not a greater serbia , plus , the starting of the war is debatable . 
  it 's forbidden love.best kind of love.terrific . 
  njuz.net is a really amazing serbian satirical outlet , it has the funniest shit and it 's not afraid to poke fun at everything , which is hardly the case with anyone else when vucic has power .
