  england , france and germany have 50 + milion people in them , they are n't exactly what was the point . 
  my point is that the size of the country and it 's population do n't mean they carry/dont carry their weight in diplomacy . 
  did what ? 
  break the law ? 
  well you sure seem proficient at that , 
  um , countries like belgium , sweden , netherlands carry far more weight in international politics but are far , far smaller . 
  what 's your point ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/insurgency_in_kosovo_ ( 1995 % e2 % 80 % 9398 ) read , it clearly states that 24 civilians were killed and many poplicemen were killed/injured by the protesters/uck . 
  you know when someone attacks the police they respond by force ? 
  thats anywhere in the world , tear gas , beatings and arrests are the norm . 
  from wikipedia : . 
  for example , the yugoslavs considered any armed albanian to be a member of the kla , regardless of whether he was officially a card-carrying member , so someone who is counted as a civilian by the albanian side might be counted as a kla combatant by the serbs . 
  also , many kla members were not wearing any uniforms and had no identification . 
  so you see , you attacked serbs , and got reprimended , uck did n't defend shit , it was attacking civilians and losses , got what it deserved when jashari was killed . 
  as the article on wikipedia states , he and his brother were organizers of the violence and had to be put down . 
  so starting a terrorist revolt is out of fear ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  they would n't be in the same situation if they did n't fucking start murdering civilians and cops . 
  also no land in bosnia was stolen , the serb majority part just became an entity , its still bosnian . 
  and why if the albanians only wanted to defend themselves did they start a revolt in macedonia in 2001 , serbia in 2001 , intiate a pogrom in 2004 , and slaughter serbs * after * the war ? 
  except he declared himself a serb many times , and requested the nostalgic traditional serb song tamo daleko to be played at his funeral . 
  i do n't , worst thing ever to happen 1/10 , would not recommend . 
  in serbia too , pusi kao turcin - smokes like a turk is used . 
  dont mind him , your neighbours are just jelly you existed before 1918 :p, 
  nobody calls them turks ? 
  only poturice . 
  that is the point hes making , we should n't make crimea a part of russia , or independent , nor should we make kosovo independent , or albanian , demographics should n't change territorial integrity of countries so easily . 
  in serbia the smokes like a dragon - duva kao zmaj is used for weed :d, 
  i do n't think the mayor concerns himself with every mural in the city , but anyway , it will probably be repainted in the next few weeks . 
  i much prefer the murals in belgrade , some organization started paiting the old city run down houses with notable people and their quotes , which was amazing . 
  what ? 
  stinky pussies sounds so much more tame than picko smrdljiva , even silly compared to the orginal : /, 
  actually , the romanian protests gave spark to this protest , we probably would n't be protesting if you guys did n't do it a week ago :d so thanks romaniabros < 3, 
  this one is older https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principality_of_serbia_ ( medieval ) edit : not provoking anyone , just stating it 's not the oldest one, 
  happy bday neighbours , 
  yes , shut down because of mass protest which were violent to local police . 
  no they did n't get killed , they got jailed . 
  many villages supported or sheltered the terrorists , plus as wikipedia states , uck did n't wear uniforms ( mostly ) so you had no way of knowing who is uck and who is civilian . 
  i know , it 's funny when made up nations claim they have national identity , but oh well , time will tell . 
  milosevic was opposed left and right by the majority of serbian people , just read how many protests and how many notable people were killed/disappeared/silenced in the 90s because of him , he even killed the president jesus christ dude . 
  as for the war , the war was started in 1995-1998 by albanian terrorists killing border police , regular polcie * and civilians * , to which serbia responded in 1999 by sending regular police and jna , even then the uck committed attrocities against civilians ( jna and police did too , do n't get me wrong ) and in he end , the biggest crime of the war ( up to 300 victims ) was the organ theft that 's still unresolved today , but heres the fun part : after the war , albanians were still comitting massactres , started * another * armed terrorist rebellion in 2001 in medvedja and bujanovac , and literally expulsed serbs in 2004 from kosovo , while burning their homes , churches and monasteries . 
  so tell me again , how did i as a fucking child , deserve to get bombed the fuck out in the capital city , for the war which the albanians started ? 
  and why do my parents have lifelong traumas for that ? 
  rakija , pleskavitze or literally go to any old-style restaurant , their food is * amazing * but for pleskativza , kiosks that sell them , or small food vendors are way better , it gives them a distinct flavor which is aweosme :d . 
  really is n't, 
  the hero we needed , not the hero we deserved . 
  :d nobody denies that he had 90 % of his work done in the us , it 's just that croats argue that he was croatian , and serbs get pissed off at that . 
  no , the past ones were about ... belgrade waterfront , they might have protested vucics involvement of it , but there have been no direct protest against vucic . 
  so please stop talking nonsense , get off your ass , protest and stop blaming belgrade . 
  as you see , france , us had them on their list until removal because of strong us and uk lobby , even the united nations resolution called them terrorists , there is no higher power than the un, 
  sorry i ruined your hopes and dreams, 
  not all the time but a they do commonly . 
  well still is affordable . 
  1000 din is a small amount , no , no you dont , you literally just have to come to belgrade and stand in front of a building . 
  its not a fucking protest against the government , its a protest against the fucking belgrade waterfront , you literally have mo idea what you are talking about . . we are not the elite , again , wrong , 1,2 milion people live in belgrade out of fucking 7,3 ... . . thats a bit over 1/5 od the population , why dont the other 4/5 protest ? 
  you can protest in novi sad , nis , kragujevac , kraljevo , anywhere really , but you people are just lazy and expect everything to fall from the sky and when it doesnt , blame belgrade . 
  people call bosniaks - poturice , which means something like bosnians turned into turks , because they are muslim , which they see as an insult . 
  when i made the comment , the thread was 50 % upvoted , afaik that means 50 % of people downvoted it . 
  must be some strong foundations then :d, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticism_of_human_rights_watch read . 
  it was declared by the us state department , but yeah by serbia too . 
  re-read the comment , i found it , but it states that it 's again , uncertain who they are and if they existed . 
  well its called an uprising, 
  next president or pm might reinstate it !, 
  maybe croatians in bosnia form it themselves , who knows what will happen in 5,10,15 years ? 
  multiple people , organizations and countries said so . 
  hahahahahah what the hell ? 
  the uck was declared a terrorist organization until 1998 , what are you talking about ? 
  the whole war started because uck shot police and civilians o_o . 
  committing crimes = / = winning a war , you can commit crimes and lose the war , ask the nazis how they managed that . 
  oh it does , crimea is no no , kosovo is yes yes . 
  thats eus opinion -_- . 
  i literally ca n't find anything , can you link that tribe ? 
  edit : found it , but unfortunately for your claim : ptolemy himself makes no hint of their true ethnic identification , and he does not clarify whether the citizens of albanopolis were illyrians , macedonians or thracians , all of which are distinct possibilities . 
  so basically nobody knows if that tribe existed , and who it was . 
  it will in a few years . 
  uum ... more complicated than that , we denied the referendum , they started an armed insurgency ( terrorist attacks ) from 1995-1998 that escalated in full scale war in 1999 , both conflicts were started by albanians , then serbia got bombed the fuck out of nato , that 's like in crimeas case , russia bombs kiev because it opresses crimea . 
  no hes stating that both russia and usa are hypocritical cunts , russia recognizes crimea , abkhazia and south ossetia , but does n't recognise kosovo . 
  usa on the othe hand , recognizes kosovo but not crimea abkhazia and south ossetia . 
  bassically , every world power only recognises it 's own illegal enterprises , while discrediting the other . 
  we will remove kebab across the stars !, 
  what ? 
  o.o it 's a serb monastery , not an albanian one . 
  no , actually , it was pretty much the names . 
  it was , serbs never stopped anyone from wearin a sajkaca , its a regional thing . 
  no it 's just some christian folks wearing white caps . 
  pls , you are thinking way too small for such a warmongering nation , we will form the imperium of serbia , and conquer all the races in the known universe . 
  according to hrw , which is seen as unreliable at best . 
  come on , even the founder criticized it . 
  and where are the missing/dead civilians ? 
  on vacation ? 
  what you just said is so unbeliavably insulting to every war victim albanian and serbian in the whole war . 
  nope , i did n't say it 's the most reliable , as is the bosnian tradition , you just take statements and manipulate them , i merely said that hrw is n't reliable also . 
  we slaughter turks ... . with love . 
  it was actually , i was at orasac and it does look like the painting , and the voivode literally did meet there , every notable serb was there and they declared karadjordje their leader , all because the ottomans slaughtered other voivode 8 months earlier , in an effort to break the serbs . 
  lol , just read the list he linked , it states where and when the uck crimes happend , literally every one of them , even those after the war , which is no surprise , after all , we both know you could n't win that war . 
  well , unlike you , we actually know where we come from and have some impactful history , you actually did n't show up anywhere till the 11th century , which , if you are ` descenants of the illyrians ' is retarded because illyrians disappeared almost a millenia before , so where were albanians in those 1000 years ? 
  right after croatian republic of herzeg bosnia ? 
  it still does n't mention the number of victims in the bombing , so i guess they did n't apologise for that because theres no reason to . 
  the difference is ( i guess ) because serbs are generally an unruly bunch , so they tried all kinds of shit to break them ( as we see in desecrating saint sava ) , but i guess it backfired in the end .
