they were on the rise , but certainly not the 2nd largest . 
  trust me , its much more likely that ist just incompetence . 
  the same thing that casued the rerun of the election in the first place . 
  you actually do n't even have to make a cross , it just needs to be obvious on the ballot which candidate you want . 
  fck denmark is on to us . 
  you are talking aboput vienna , and he is talking about austria . 
  there is a difference . 
  thats bs , there is no such rule . 
  i should know it , i live in vienna . 
  yeah but one candidate is clearly for the eu and the other one is against it ... 
  probably worse for them , brexit showed the people that leaving countries will be treated very harshly . 
  plus that it was made clear that they found no indications of a fraud of any kind . 
  i think vdb will benefit from all that . 
  ffs there was not a single sign of fraud , the court made that very clear ... 
  they cant do that either , not every person who voted for hofer is going to vote for the fp\u00d6 next time . 
  its the same with vdb , not everyone of the people who voted for him is going to vote green next time . 
  austrians abroad are mostly liberal . 
  and many university students use mail votes too because they do n't want do drive back in their small hometown just to vote . 
  if some random guy on the internet says it , it must be true i guess, 
  read up on the history of the fp\u00d6 , their recent scandals etc. 
  of all the right people that re accused of being nazis ( for example farage , trump , lepen , wilders ) hofer and the fp\u00d6 are by far the closest to nazis , or at least nazi ideology . 
  you are a piece of shit racist if you ca n't see past the color of their skin . 
  i did n't say nationalism perse is wrong , i think a healthy dose of nationalism is good . 
  but when nationalism changes from being proud of yourself , to hate , that 's where it is too much . 
  and this hate is exactly what happens in countries with right wing leaders . 
  wtf is fosters, 
  it sure does make it wrong . 
  if the state of austria says , you are an austrian , you are a fcking austrian . 
  that 's all that matters . 
  genetics do n't change that . 
  this is the only argument you guys ever have . 
  you ca n't see past the fcking color of their skin . 
  if they have an austrian pass , they are austrians according to the state of austria , it does n't fucking matter which migration background they have, 
  well hofer was the closest thing to a real nazi so far, 
  where did i say that ? 
  where did anybody say something remotely close to this ? 
  do you even know how you get the austrian citizenship ? 
  just look at the 19th and 20th , there you can see that a very strong focus on nationalism is also not the way too go . 
  it just leads too racism , and war . 
  i didnt abolish austria , and i never would . 
  more like an annoyed `` i dont want to vote for a fucking 3rd time , but i guess i have to '' mood . 
  becasue the president has to resign at a certain point , even if we have not a elected a new president by that time . 
  if we have no president , the 3 presidents of the nationalrat , the presidents of the nationlrat are usually representatives of the 3 strongest parties in the nationalrat ( 1st president from the strongest , 2nd from the 2nd strongest party and 3rd president from the 3rd strongest party in the nationalrat ) . 
  the fp\u00d6 is currently the 3rd stronges party in the nationlrat ( with 32 seats out of 183 ) so they could choose the 3rd president of the nationalrat . 
  i think many people were pissed off that they had to vote for a 3rd time becasue the fp\u00d6 appealed it . 
  this is my personal theory on this . 
  unlikely , he is still in prison , 
  i wouldnt say that , thats way to generalized . 
  yes , it can be appealed . 
  but they probably wont , they would just lose even harder if they want to repeat it again . 
  edit : leader of the fp\u00d6 just said that they wont appeal it, 
  its not okay , its great , 
  i thought hofer would win for sure . 
  glad i was wrong . 
  it did 30mins ago , at some places earlier . 
  i am so happy that we showed the europe ( and to some extend the world ) that the right can be stopped , dont give bigotry and racism a chance . 
  thats juts as dangerous , he has a far right mindset and knows how to hide it ( to some extend ) . 
  this is just as dangerous in my book . 
  ( serious ) may i ask why you voted for hofer ? 
  you contradict yourself my friend . 
  you said europe ca n't compare to a single state , and now you compare your fiscally strongest state with one country and its gdp is less . 
  that makes 0 sense, 
  germany generally , but not all regions though . 
  heresy !, 
  making a schnitzel with tunke , and calling it wiener schnitzel, 
  unbiased opinion , vienna :p for real though , its impossible to say because it highly depends on what kind of style you lik . 
  if i lived on the country side maybe , when i get to the mountains ( there are quite a lot here ) or a castle . 
  short time maybe , long time no way . 
  i live in a big city and i have no car or supplies to survive for a longer time . 
  i still dont really know what think tanks actually do . 
  1 ) nothing good . 
  3 ) i think kim is a madman , but i dont think that he is really ready to sacrifice his power and country , so i dont think he will start a war . 
  4 ) no idead . 
  5 ) i dont want to live in america , or have the urge to visit it . 
  nor do i look up to it . 
  6 ) i believe that there is alien life somewhere , but i think our chances of ever meeting them are quite slim . 
  i dont really know what to think about the american history , because i only know a fewbkey things , but generally i would just way shorter . 
  no idea what the historic capital should be , maybe new york ? 
  i have my washing machine in the kitchen ... 
  in german aswell , called b\u00f6hmisch, 
  i guess we did enough `` intresting '' stuff in europe to make up for the lack of colonies . 
  probably redbull , and less known probably doppelmayer . 
  as nonexistend fantasy, 
  we will never forgive you what you did between 13-16 jh . 
  jokes aside i do think most of the people here like switzerland , especially because it has a very similiar geography and culture . 
  same , and in 12 years there was one real fire and it was pretty small . 
  oh god . 
  the benefit is that you can monitor your nicotin intake , and it tastes better . 
  hmm , i dont know about graz , but in vienna a lot of young people use them . 
  which district do you live in ? 
  really ? 
  i see them everywhere like 4 or 5 yesterday , and i wasnt even out that long . 
  i see them everywhwere tbh . 
  so i would say pretty common . 
  they are here too , but mostly in vienna . 
  dont ignore the italian troops all over tyrol , we are both getting invaded :p, 
  i think we as citizens cant do much about it . 
  our politicans fight erdogan over everything atm , so i guess we do what we can with our rather limited reach in the eu . 
  so you are a serial killer looking for victims ? 
  if so , do you kill me and my family if we wear socks or if we dont ?
