  what the fuck does it mean ? 
  more and more authoritarian . 
  dragon age inquisiton irl, 
  nordic banter ? 
   it was awfully designed at doing anything more complex like finance or science . 
  basically it was obsolete and could no longer do what was necessary . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  first , languages are not designed . 
  second , there are not languages better than the other , simpler or more specific . 
  that will not happen until the irish state bans english and start tv and radio productions exclusively in irish , replacing road signs and other indications of public control . 
  you ca n't resurrect a language if that language is not felt useful . 
  are you confusing ww1 with ww2 ? 
  the only enemy you had around 1914 was mexico . 
  that kid has brain damage , he 's already dead . 
  there is no cure for his ill . uk did n't sentence him to death . 
  they are using the pc culture imported from america to create a system of laws that allows the goverment to spy on the internet history of its citizens and prosecute them for hate speech . 
  problem is ... hate speech is defined by the government and judicial system . 
  how long is the leap for `` criticism about the government '' to be considered hate speech ? 
  after all , most criticims is connoted by some form of hate . 
  this hurts , tho . 
   the pizza shops are about the filthiest in naples , and whoever knows naples will admit that is saying a good deal, 
  it actually was built by the military . 
  no , they did n't . 
  planned obsolescence is a thing , tho . 
  assassin 's creed 2 was in italy , not spain . 
  that was not made by the romans , it was made by vanvitelli . 
  was n't it the first ? 
  italy became fully roman after the social wars . 
  i do n't think so , trieste is our most important port . 
  if you give back istria to us all this fight between slavic brothers might end . 
  do it . 
  for peace . 
   free territory of trieste was determined . 
  no , that border was established when the ftt ceased de jure to exist , with the treaty of osimo . 
  that excluding the fact that the ftt ended de facto in 1954 and was never actually `` free '' . 
  they used workers , not slaves . 
   there were n't really any roman philosophers seneca , apuleius , pliny the elder ? 
   the knowledge they had was gained every knowledge is gained by someone else , with a process of accumulation of knowledge . 
  no one invents anything from the scratch . 
  the development of the roman culture is stricly related to the greek culture , of which the romans first encountered through the etruscans . 
  but it would be foolish to think of the romans as an empty container in which greek culture was poured . 
  they adapted greek cultures to their own customs and traditions , the mos maiorum , and evolved it from there . 
  diversity , baby . 
  he was declared public enemy # 1 after the saint valentine 's day massacre and the castellammarese war . 
  police unions are the scum of the earth . 
  everyone committed their share of war crimes . 
  do i have to remind you of the canicatti massacre , the marocchinate etc. . . ? 
  i guess not . 
   what the fuck were those cops thinking ? 
  . . the objective should always be ` contain & de-escalate ' they were fascists . 
  their primary objective was to punish these `` no - global insurretionalists '' . 
  how is ww2 shameful ? 
  and rightly so . 
  but he also defeated other romans . 
  the first image is france , tho . 
   takes time to bring countries up to western europe levels of prosperity [ yeah , prosperity ] ( http://www.ilgiornale.it/sites/default/files/styles/large/public/foto/2017/04/24/1493015151-bali.jpg ) [ so prosper ] ( http://notizie.tiscali.it/export/sites/notizie/.galleries/16/vele-a-scampia.jpg_1096145172.jpg ), 
  yes, 
  [ like this ] ( http://static.salepepe.it/files/2014/03/ragu-bolognese_3-986x400.jpg ) . 
  you can also put it on top later , but you need to mix pasta and sauce otherwise , as u/y _ u_du_dis _ says , the pasta dries out . 
  like every ee country , they like our money . 
   you mix the pasta and sauce before serving . 
  this . 
  brown ? 
  this obsession with race must end . 
  democracy has nothing to do with international agreements and consequences in case that agreement is broken . 
  but when it 's about you getting our money then they should be all happy , right ? 
   repeated application of it in practice being a disaster it has never been applicated , if not in the first period of the russian revolution . 
  and this is a fact that only who has never read a page of marx or philosophy of that period can deny . 
   we live in the most prosperous period in history what is prosperous about this period of history ? 
  jobs are more and more scarce , wages are gettin lower and lower , and the wealth is in the hands of a tiny minority of the world population . 
  meanwhile employers are still feeding themself on the work of their employees , like parasites , getting richer and richer and paying their worker a misery of what they produce . 
  how is this prosperous ? 
   however my mission is now to melt them into one [ * hre intesifies * ], 
  did n't know marx wrote to send people in the gulag . 
  communism is not stalin . 
  stalin exploited the existant regime to gain power and then killed whoever opposed him . 
  and who opposed him were , guess what ... communists . 
  yep , working rights and fight of the capitalistic driven economy is so extremist and genocidal . 
   the truck hijacked of the berlin attack in 2016 started his trip from italy and intentionally drove straight to berlin . 
  why did n't he just attack in italy ? 
  because the truck was hijacked in germany ? 
  it would make sense if not that rome is a declared target in the isis propaganda . 
  the population does n't know what it wants . 
  democracy is overrated . 
  the jugoslavian partisans were communists , for the most part . 
  illuminami . 
  or montecassino . 
   who do they answer to they are not really different from the mafia . 
  they will be all wasted . 
  translation ? 
  democracy is not the apex of human civilization . 
  besides , liberalism = / democracy, 
  paradox games do not have real time combat tho . 
  their economic condition seems fairly similar to a post-war economy . 
   the majority of germans ( myself included ) gladly help . 
  why not help the greeks instead ? 
  why are they still there ? 
   even sa would go back to the dark ages without our existence . 
  it 's their country , not ours . 
  they have the right to fuck themself up .
