   i would prefer them meddling to the russians so you would like them to sponsor terrorist attacks and install fascist dictatoriship in your country ? 
  because that is what they did . 
  multiple times , in south america , east asia , africa , middle east and europe . 
  it 's not only the fact that is chlorinated . 
  the us meat would also cost less than uk produced meat , which will of course put the british farmers in a not so good situation . 
  they will have to compete with a cheaper product in great quantity . 
  they stole 2 towns , tho . 
  it is . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrlycvitave&amp;t=59s&amp;ab_channel=langfocus https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umzm-s1ng7k&amp;t=368s&amp;ab_channel=langfocus, 
  we have more lexical similarity with french than with spanish . 
  an italic one , to be technically correct . 
   especially over them meddling in american elections ? 
  ahahahahahahahahahahah how many times did you meddle in other countries ? 
  a comment says `` dutch '' , but i do n't know if he 's right . 
  [ we do n't need this shit ] ( http://video.corriere.it/turisti-si-tuffano-ponte-calatrava-polemica-venezia/77b205ce-6f90-11e7-af64-bee1b3eecfa7 ), 
   pledge loyalty to europe or suffer punishment . 
  wtf, 
  technically there 's nothing illegal there . 
  self loathing ? 
  that index is straight garbage . 
  it should have never be signed in the first place , since it gives profitable sections of our sea in exchange for nothing . 
  our government is retarded . 
   english has the advantage of being truly global i 'm afraid you are really overestimating the number of people in the world who can hold a written conversation in english , let alone speaking it . 
   movies that is irrelevant , movied get dubbed . 
  but you have to go to eastern europe to buy them . 
  i 'm pretty sure that i can not buy 50 cartons of cigarettes in ee and sell them legally in the streets of paris . 
  what do they think to achieve ? 
  low cost cigarettes can be smuggled . 
   cleaning festival loos , hugging stray cats and dogs , and scraping chewing gum off the streets are just some of the uninviting tasks people have agreed to in exchange for free wifi . 
  of course , paying people with money for their work is so socialist . 
  for us they only counted the 200 [ ariete ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ariete ) units , but we also have the [ leopard 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leopard_1 ) . 
  the sorrows of young werther madame bovary, 
   saudi arabia terror report she suppressed  she suppressed yeah , totally not suspicious . 
   people have every right to be independent sure , as the state has every right to protect the territory , even by using force . 
   they you . 
  you are spain . 
  yep , because giving citizenship to children of legal immigrants is bad . 
  a worker in france and a worker in poland , employeed in the same company , produce the same x value , but the workers in ee are exploited and payed way less than in we . 
  this means that company from the west tend to move in the east , and by employing ee workers they have less wages to pay . 
  this means they can increase their profit . 
   you can not raise wages higher than productivity . 
  this has nothing to do with `` productivity '' . 
  lower wages in ee are a way for employeers to cut down the cost of work and thus increasing the profit . 
  why not an identification number on their arms ? 
   both countries have a very successful history of applying and maintaining democracy . 
  they do n't . 
  should i remind you of the persecution ( and execution ) of `` communists '' in clear contrast with their first amendment ? 
  give back dodecanese islands . 
  right and wrong are relative to our values . 
  people might believe that is right to crush a rebellion like the good old 16th century . 
  other might find it wrong and justly see the hypocrisy with how russia and turkey are treated . 
  but it does n't matter . 
  a state does not act based on right and wrong values . 
  they base their decision on the options that better suit their interests . 
  mass detention , suspension of civil rights and military intervention are practical solutions , expecially when third parties have no interests of being involved in the quarrel . 
   there are people with non-binary gender identity , outside the male-female identities . 
  there are also people who do n't identify as humans or they identify as animals . 
  this is where you and me see this situation different . 
  i 'm not ready to tolerate untreated mental illness , even less prone to consider it normal . 
   the extreme being people born intersex and anatomically are between male and female i know that , it 's called hermaphroditism . 
  which is a clinical conditions , old as the world and rather unfortunate , but it is not `` normal '' . 
   there are some people who innately identify with the opposite sex ( i believe the term is transsexual ) irrelevant in this case , they will still identify themself either as a lady or as a gentleman . 
  but ... but the point is another , the point is that changing a decades old tradition because `` we want everyone to feel welcome on our transport network '' is ... well , is retarded . 
  you are either a lady or a gentleman . 
  even an eunuch is a gentleman . 
  ladies and gentlemen is already inclusive , because it includes all possible existing genders . 
  absurd protests from minorities should not be taken in consideration , no matter how loud they are . 
  you do n't have words for `` ladies and gentlemen '' ? 
  humans are not gender neutral . 
  lol wtf, 
  bunch of organic matter, 
  but this proposal is for guving the citizenship to the sons of the legal immigrants , not the illegal ones . 
  pd is not leftist . 
   if spain does n't accept it , catalonia is not going to accept paying any euro of spain 's massive unpayable debt . 
  or spain could just invade you and put a stop to the `` rebellion '' . 
  this is fucking fascism . 
  so ... just water ? 
  you do n't ... you do n't use soap ? 
  you have really never heard of pompeii ? 
  do you use turkey , chicken or cow ? 
  bread , fries and ketchup ? 
  it needs some explotions in the background . 
  interesting , what it is that sauce ? 
  we do it more like [ this ] ( https://zenzeroincucinadotcom.files.wordpress.com/2016/04/montantara.jpg?w=676 ) or like a [ calzone ] ( http://www.ioviaggio.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/pizza-fritta-1.jpg ), 
   i 'd rather use toilet paper but ... toilet paper gets messy when is wet . 
   toss it in the trash yeah ... i saw that in zakynthos . 
  why ca n't you throw toilet paper directly in the toilet ? 
   no more toilet paper wtf, 
  yes ... then you change it after ... i dunno ... a week ? 
  the towel will not be dirty if you wash yourself well . 
   if it 's funded by religious institutions meaning no state funding . 
  private institutions must still abide to the law and constitution of the host country . 
  old . 
   i have lived there and do n't see the bloody point . 
  just have a shower for crying out loud . 
  so if a bird shit on your arm you will take a full shower instead of just washing the dirty part ? 
   dry with toiler paper the fuck ? 
  no , you dry with your personal towel . 
  not with a center liberal goverment , since liberalism is against the intervention of the state in the matters of the economy . 
  to increase profit by cutting the producing costs is the basis of capitalism .
