no italian states 0/10 / s, 
  probably , but the ottoman empire of the 19th century was certainly not the great empire of the late middle ages . 
  north america was part of britain ( and france ) 400 years ago . 
  the colonies were not different entities . 
  i prefer [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_lepanto ), 
  why not ? 
  it must be legalized yesterday . 
   diversity is nice culturally but economically you are completely messed up dude . 
  that 's a completely different issue . 
  the story of rhea silvia , the mother , is more interesting . 
  she was a vestal virgin and conceived the twins with a god . 
  it rings a bell , is n't it ? 
  germany 's motivation had nothing to do with idealism . 
  vodka4 ? 
  the nobel prizes are the highest recognitions you can get for cultural achievements . 
   it 's perfectly understandable for small powers to use whatever tools they have at their disposal , including economic and cultural influence , to promote their vision for a better world . 
  but it 's also understandable if the rest of us stop revering it as the ultimate in high-minded neutrality and start viewing it as impolite and arrogant . 
  who wrote this bullshit ? 
  that 's beautiful . 
  it 's a pity if it will be destroyed . 
  except that north africa either has no interest in doing that , or it is divided by civil war . 
  so what should we do ? 
  nah , been there done that , it 's not a feasible solution . 
   did he forget how he had roman statues covered up for some rich fucking arabs because he was so desperate for investments ? 
  he was iranian . 
  and it 's called diplomacy . 
  and they were italian investments in iran , not the other way around . 
  you are not obligated , but since the countries on the west are giving money to the east for development , and now are even sending troops to protect it from russia , it would be ... well , it would be nice if you could help us with this emergency . 
  you would let women and children die in the mediterrean ? 
  the site really needs a prettier interface , tho . 
  our economy is based on manufactoring and small enterprises , there 's no space for industry . 
  the system does n't fit the southern european countries , and you ca n't convert their economies to be more industry focused . 
  let 's not be childish here , otherwise we will simply prove to our russian friends that they are right . 
  `` xenophobic , authoritarian and usually they also say populist . '', 
  those are among the key aspect of right-wing politics . 
  in fact i believe the title is wrong . 
  now it is `` where is the best place in the world to be a girl '' , but i believe that it should be something like `` what are the places where women live better ? '', 
  well , a teenager with a baby is not going to have an easy life , that 's for sure . 
  apart from the fact that i did n't say that it was part of italy , i said it was part of the republic of venice when tartini was born , and yes , it was assigned to yugoslavia after ww2 ( since it was part of the ftt ) . 
  `` after the ww1 you guys came , started to italianize whole region you took from slovenians '' we took it from austrians , because austrians took that from us before ( as you actually mentioned ) . 
  and that process was not after ww1 , it began when mussolini took power . 
  `` after ww2 , when we also help to kick your country asses '' is this the nationalistic bullshit they taught you in school ? 
  cause at the time it was under german occupation . 
  `` we also should have gotten trst and gorica back '' yeah , why not , you should have also took venice and the related region while you were at it , right ? 
  `` yes we trew some of the italians into caves '' yeah , of course , killing thousand of innocent civilians , throwing others in concentration camps and forcing the rest to abandon their homes is totally ok , right ? 
  if that 's what you think , i 'm not going to discuss with you any further . 
  you are not worth my time . 
  germany , france and uk fare worse than i expected . 
  enough with all these brexit news . 
  it was fun at first , but now it 's just tiresome . 
  well , giuseppe tartini was born in the republic of venice , the city he was born in was assigned to jugoslavia after ww2 . 
  it 's about europe . 
  `` the biggest part of vittorio veneto happened during and after the constituent states of austria-hungary had already declared independence , a process which started on 28th of october . 
  how do you think the italians managed to capture 300 000 `` prisoners '' ? 
  also , the decisive factor on the collapse of an army is always politics over military prowess/defeats . 
  once there 's no reason to fight , there 's no army either . '', 
  yeah , the army was still there . 
  50 divisions of infantry and 6 divisions of cavalry . 
  the process started the 28th october , and you are right . 
  the offensive started the 24th october , though . 
  and as i said , the austria-hungary army was already weakened by the lost of 150.000 units in the second battle of piave . 
  honestly i do n't know what you 're trying to accomplish here . 
  we won our front in the first world war , it 's an historical fact , no point in denying it . 
  and you do n't seem honest in your intentions , expecially seeing how you quicly jumped on quirite 's comment calling it `` revisionism of the most disgusting kind '' , but apparently saying `` italy was never know for having a back bone since its inception '' is totally ok , right ? 
  `` as to the battle of karfreit , the german troops obviously made the difference , but the bulk of the army that had not only held its ground up to then and that participated in the offensive was austro-hungarian . '', 
  yeah , no shit . 
  we were at war against austria , it is expected that they had their army on the front , i guess . 
  the same army that got pushed back in the 6th battle of the isonzo . 
  `` italy got smacked around without end , culminating at caporetto . 
  the only reason the whole north did n't get occupied is because of a sharp lack of troops ( for occupation ) on the austrian and german side . 
  the battle at vittorio veneto occured after the austro-hungarian army had officially dissolved already . '', 
  this is absolutely wrong . 
  austria was on the verge of defeat when caporetto occured . 
  and that defeat was because of rommel and the german sharptroopers . 
  as for vittorio veneto , the austrian army had not officially dissolved already . 
  it was on the verge of collpase because of internal conflict , but also because of the defeat of the austrian offensive some months before , in the second battle of piave . 
  does n't matter , we can always change it later on . 
  communism = starving = less fertility, 
  so you have to give up your living standards and share an apartment with people you do n't know ... because living with your parents is considered `` bad '' ? 
  that 's not a good reason . 
  people who ca n't afford to buy or rent an apartment . 
  this . 
  people just do n't understand . 
  our population actually growed during the world wars ? 
  fuck , we need another one , then . 
  it 's communist !!, 
  going full fascist , i see . 
  i need sugar for my coffee , so no . 
   unfortunately , he is a leftist . 
  governo ( government ) is the pm and the ministers . 
  i 'd say that is too much of a risk . 
  if a war breaks out because a raf pilot kills a russian ( and i hope this time will never come ) , that would be a war started by uk aggression , and other nato players are not bound to intervene in that case . 
  the fact that is still existing as a job is really scary . 
  it was the birthplace of one of the most ( if not the most ) influential person of the 20th century . 
  lombardy - lombards - germanic tribe - austrian domination lombardy = anschluss i guess . 
  we can not hold a referendum about international treaties . 
   italian prime minister matteo renzi has staked his fate on a december government-reform referendum that , if it goes against him , could strengthen opponents who want to force a vote on whether italy should remain in the eu . 
  which is not possible , because such vote would be unconstitutional . 
  thanks , i did n't see it . 
  does this mean we should continue to pay the uk rebate ?
