  what the fuck is the problem with socialism , exactly ? 
  but ... but ... but king ragnar ... 
  so ... you want germany to win ? 
   germany , italy , & japan lead global energy efficiency rankings yeah , go axis !, 
  it 's not alien . 
  quite the contrary . 
  after centuries of war we have ingrained the concept that war is stupid . 
  that in war , people suffer , and that there are no winners . 
  fighting and dying because some fat asses sitting on an armchair fucked up with diplomacy is simply not worth it . 
  it 's the infographics that does n't reflect the society . 
  you should take into account that there 's a lot of black market in the south of europe . 
  i. . . i do n't remember a nation called germany from 756 bc to 476 ad . 
  venice and genoa . 
  they dominated the mediterrean before the 16th century . 
  a mediterrean union . 
  i like it . 
   european-americans , which i view as the best definition of being white i 'm pretty sure the definition of white in the us is anglo-saxon . 
  the definition of xenophobia . 
  not racism . 
   where haile selassie i and his government had to flee ethiopia because of italian annexation . 
  in other words , a war . 
  you know , prior to ww2 , every war ended with conquest of territory . 
  and you are missing a key point . 
  the ethiopian war and ww2 were done by mussolini and his fascist party , who controlled the state with the compliance of the king . 
  1 ) between the kingdom of italy and the italian republic there 's no continuity . 
  2 ) mussolini was captured , killed and his body disfigured , not by the americans , not by the brits , not by other allies , but by italian partisan who fought in a civil war against the fascists and against nazi germany . 
  thus , what happened in that period of time is n't an argument . 
  prove me that the italian republic from 1949 to 2016 has taken part in coups and destabilization of foreign countries , and i will get off the high horse . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enrico_berlinguer being communist was not equal to being part of the soviet union , nor anti-democratic . 
  plus the dc party which was financed by the us government ( i 'm not sure if this kind of `` interference '' can be labeled as `` democratic '' ) ruled for 40 years and did a lot of shit which are the core of the problems we are facing now . 
  what does ethiopia have to do with this ? 
  the one in ethiopia was a war , not a coup . 
  and by the way , ethiopia got compensations for that at the end of ww2 . 
  you ca n't export the same `` race relations '' in europe , because europe works differently . 
  you will never be able to integrate in europe with movements like this . 
  american site on european internet . 
  italy has different kinds of migrants than greece . 
  golden dawn ? 
   i 'd like to have a right to use your house , wife and even maybe mummy if you do n't mind . 
  you could ask for that right , if i 'd have the right to live in your house and have sex with your wife . 
  which is not the case . 
  gay rights is basically giving the gay people the same rights a normal couple has . 
  making them equal for the law . 
   gay rights you know , there 's really nothing wrong in giving people equal rights . 
  just to back up what i said : 1 ) the us basically blackmailed italy with the marshall plan pushing the government ( after ww2 ) to get rid ( from the government ) of the personalities which where part of the communist party . 
  2 ) operation gladio . 
  they basically backed up fascist groups ( yeah , fascist ) with terrorist attacks and false flags : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategie_der_spannung_ ( italien ) 3 ) another shady thing : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aerolinee_itavia_flight_870 as for your question , well ... 1 ) i bet the majority of people is not informed about this stuff . 
  basically we never go beyond ww2 in high school . 
  2 ) it 's not that the attitude is incredibly positive , expecially when there are cases of rapes http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/07/25/u-s-soldiers-accused-of-rape-in-italy-hope-to-go-free-in-america.html http://www.stripes.com/news/vicenza-soldier-facing-rape-trial-accused-of-attacking-2-more-women-1.328961 or the abu omar case : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abu_omar_case or the fact that we are loosing a lot of money because of the sanctions against russia . 
  and when other countries are so keen in proposing those sanctions without caring if they damage us too in the process , it is not perceived well . 
  plus , we kinda label everything that is cheap , cheesy or with poor taste as americanata https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/americanata it 's the politics that is friendly towards the us . 
  can not be otherwise . 
  allegedly , they did a similar thing to us , too . 
   go find the root of the coup before pinpointing everything at us well , but that 's what happens when you have a government involved in coups , fixing elections and stuff with foreign countries since the end of ww2 . 
  it 's like the first thought that comes to mind since your government seems to have their hands in everything , with an history of unaccountability and impunity . 
  which does n't mean you are responsible for this , but the suspicions of turkey are understandable . 
  he 's testing you , trying to see if you know something about russia you can discuss with , and not the american stuff that is perceived as cultural aggression by many people . 
  if uk gets a special treatment , than the european union is done . 
  we should reform another holy league . 
  get in , spain . 
  86 % of italians are happy with their country ? 
  wtf ? 
  good . 
  but where was it buried ? 
  you know there is a problem in education when the younger generations does n't care about their historical and cultural heritage . 
  i know this too . 
  and it 's not the first case in history . 
  what ataturk did was in the lines of a revolution . 
  revolutions are never democratics . 
  you can not ask to poor , uneducated people ( it was the ww 1 period ) if they want a change , because they do n't like changes . 
  when you grow up with a certain system , you are afraid of changes . 
  in italy , for example , 46 % of the population voted for keeping the monarchy . 
  and what happened in that referendum was shady at best , because the results were given before they even finished to count the votes , and people who went down the streets to support the monarchy were repressed by the police and a few were shot to death . 
  or think about the red scare promoted by joseph mccarthy . 
  or do you think that people in the french revolution cared about democracy ? 
  nope , they only wanted bread , and to kill the nobles who lived in luxury when the people where dying . 
  mustafa kemal deposed mehmet vi , abolished the caliphate and the hijab , established the sex parity and the universal suffrage ... how does this mean to `` not bring secularism '' , exactly ? 
  cause of pkk , i guess . 
  america does n't like left wing stuff . 
  she is completely nuts , is n't she ? 
  yeah , nato is not about being protected by someone else . 
  you should read the first world war written by martin gilbert . 
  well , france was never fond on nato anyway . 
  except that serbia had nothing to do with black hand . 
  austria-hungary did n't even care about franz ferdinand , which was kinda hated by the austrian parlament . 
  austria was only looking for a reason to invade serbia . 
  the nato intervention in the balkan wars was a mistake . 
  well , it kinda was a victim in ww1 though . 
  we should retake byzantium . 
  i 'm curious , is there a recipe list of traditional russian food ? 
  meanwhile , on our newspapers : http://www.repubblica.it/esteri/2016/07/28/foto/svezia_poliziotta_in_bikini_atterra_uomo_sospetto-144991833/1/?ref=hress-4#1, 
   italy 's number - seriously ? 
  i get the `` south blah blah '' stories , but italian north is the industrial core of europe . 
  and it contains most of the population . 
  i 'm sure higher ranked countries have comparable parts to italian south yet are n't dragged down as much . 
  these numbers take in consideration burocracy , laws etc. . . and burocracy is just too much . 
  we do n't have money to waste on military , expecially when the majority of the population think that a military career is for losers who did n't manage to get a good education . 
  you might want to check the paris peace treaties . 
   packs of youngsters going there to get shit faced i can confirm this . 
  do you mean stuff like this ?
