  if you do it anyway , then it is a subversive action which , i bet , is punished by law . 
  arrests and state of emergency would follow , and if you resist it , then it 's a rebellion . 
  which means civil war . 
   like free speech , gay rights . 
  i do n't think an overwelming majority of italians support free speech and gay rights . 
  we have a lot of people who want the monarchy back or who think the dictatorship would be better for us . 
  we do n't have jus solis . 
  as a matter of fact , we have a lot of second generation without citizenship . 
  did the uk risked a us sponsored coup ? 
  yes , because belgium and sweden are more politically relevant than us . 
  or maybe our intelligence is just better than the british one . 
  splitting a country means war . 
  totally useless . 
  to you maybe . 
  we actuall expell who spread islamist bullshit or express isis simpathies on facebook . 
  and the sources are us reports . 
  lol, 
   he would not comment on whether or not the attackers were known to the police or intelligence services , citing ongoing efforts to confirm their identities . 
   however , a woman who lives in the block that was raided told the guardian she had expressed concerns to barking police about the man 's extremist opinions . 
  erica gasparri said she had gone to the police two years ago after she feared the man was radicalising children in a local park . 
   `` i took four photographs of him and gave them to the [ local ] police , '' gasparri said . 
  `` they rang scotland yard when i was there and said the information had been passed on . 
  they were very concerned . 
   `` they told me to delete the photos for my own safety , which i did , but then i heard nothing . 
  that was two years ago . 
  no one came to me . 
  if they did , this could have been prevented and lives could have been saved . '' now everyone knows her name . 
  i 'd say it would be acceptable as dessert . 
  33-45 was pretty stable . 
  was it nutella ? 
  or maybe british armed forces and intelligence are just that bad . 
  fucking bitch . 
  she 's worse than tatcher . 
  and in italian . 
  that 's not true . 
  i 'm left winger and i do n't support self determination . 
  the spanish goverment is your goverment, 
  uhm , in 1674 messina rebelled against spain allying itself with france . 
   pasta is from china no , it 's not . 
  nedved, 
  the room with a backstory got sacked and destroyed by the allies . 
  how is this even a thing ? 
  actually , pricing something at 9.99 $ instead of 10 $ has an influence over the mind of the consumer . 
  remove pita !, 
  i hate sand . 
  the fuck we are behind germany . 
  a military occupation is not a conquest . 
  no , which also bothers me a lot . 
  both terms go completely against our grammar . 
  good point , tho . 
  even if you are right and there is a differentiation of meaning when used in italian , we should write it as `` selfi '' , not `` selfie '' . 
  pay attention to the media , expecially the journalist . 
  in the last years they are introducing a series of loanwords that are ultimately useless because they do n't introduce a new way to communicate something , but just replace totally acceptable italian words . 
  like selfie , when we could say `` autoscatto '' . 
  and that 's one out of many . 
  also , the italianization of foreign words is disappearing . 
  no , publication is in english . 
  or better , if you want to have some visibility , you are recommended to publish in english . 
  but you can also hire someone to translate the research you want to publish . 
  no , not italian students attend separate courses . 
  normally . 
  because you ca n't translate academic articles , you must read and write in them in english otherwise all the knowledge would be lost . 
  ah , shut up . 
   the number of people who can speak it is rising . 
  sadly . 
  not true at all . 
  it happens in some universities , like the politecnico in milan , but it 's not a rule . 
  language is not just a tool for communication . 
  you hate your country so much you want it to lose its culture over another dominant language , like it happened in ireland or the american continent after the european colonization ? 
  are you fucking serious ? 
   your country 's a fucking embarrassment when it comes to speaking any kind of foreign language . 
  thank god , at least my cultural identity is safe . 
   we 'd much prefer never to be associated with your inbred level of education . 
  lol , this is the dumbest thing i 've read in a while on reddit . 
   today the language of academics is english we are talking about university classes . 
  about dutch students having to receive their education in a foreign language . 
  in the world . 
  farmers are among the lowest of social classes . 
  people like to think that jobs useful to society makes you earn money and respect . 
  one thing is investing money and living off the revenue of the farmer 's work , another thing is to work the soil and watching over the sheeps . 
   you can only see so many of your fellow soldiers disemboweled before before they bomb the shit out of you , turning the soil unfertile and not allowing life to grow again in latvia . 
  the number of times citizens have managed to defeat an organized army are ... very low . 
  and you will never have enough money to improve the quality of your life , to afford ... i do n't know , a nice car ? 
  a nice tv ? 
  a nice computer ? 
   get respect from people wat . 
  it 's also a life of sacrifices and no rewards . 
   salman abedi such a typical english name . 
  some scenes of star wars i the phantom menace were shooted there . 
  the royal palace was the setting for the naboo palace . 
  the mountain behind it should be the mt. 
  tifata , where hannibal camped during the siege of capua . 
  floki , not loki, 
   killing infidels is an act of war yes . 
  terrorist is the name we gave to them . 
  but they are jihadists . 
   you better be `` trigger happy '' if your fellow nato ally comes under attack ... or else ... ? 
   i have little doubt that america would answer the call to arms . 
  and you should n't doubt germany . 
  you are the only country to have ever triggered the nato article 5 .
