  it 's lovely how people bitch on sweden and germany but no ones talk of the shitshow italy is with immigration . 
  but for what purpose ? 
  but ... but that 's not part of their culture !, 
  oh , sorry , i thought you were ironic . 
  that is a difficult subject , because even today the truth is contaminated with propaganda . 
  if you are interested , i would suggest you to ask here / r/askhistorians / mussolini joined ww2 after hitler beated france , because he thought the war was going to be really short and wanted to gain some territory . 
  but mussolini already joined hitler politically after the league of nations imposed sanctions on italy because of the war in ethiopia , sanctions that mussolini saw as hypocrite and as a way to sabotage the colonist ambitions of italy . 
  the maschio angioino it 's not only a castle , it has a triumphal arch that alfonso de arag\u00f2n ordered to build to celebrate his victory . 
  i understand what you said , but i disagree about the fact that these monuments serve no purpose other than celebrate the fascist ideology . 
  they are archeological evidences of that time period . 
  a time period that in the 3000 ad will be so remote , that people will look at it as we now look at the early middle age . 
  to preserve the archeological evidences of this period is our duty to the future generations . 
  i 'm not saying they should still be around . 
  but put them into a museum . 
  so should we destroy this beauty in naples http://www.turismocampano.it/wp-content/uploads/maschio-angioino-roadvitalia-it.jpg because it was made by carlo d'ang\u00eco and later rebuild by alfonso v de arag\u00f2n , and it 's the simbol of france and spanish domination , which were not exactly good for the people living there ? 
  the young , meaning 18 years old . 
  everyone else is cut out . 
  history is history , it does n't matter if bad or good . 
  you got ta preserve history , not destroy it . 
  uhm , he sent the entire country into a war it was unprepared for ( fighting the brits with 1880 musket rifles is n't exactly great ) , the officers were n't fit for command , the navy and the airforce were divided in petty rivalry , then mussolini wanted to invade greece only to tease hitler , then the king firmed an armistice and imprisoned mussolini , the hitler decided to take over and so now we had to fight nazi germany as well , then france decided to invade us but they were forced to retreat ( they still annexed some territory ) . 
  and that 's pretty much it . 
  oh , and the racist propaganda towards us . 
  the great old times . 
  so swiss is basically our little america . 
   the first is a general history of the achievements of fascism and the rise of mussolini . 
  it describes italy as on the brink of disaster following world war one only to be rescued by mussolini , `` regenerating the country through his superhuman insight and resoluteness '' , said dr lamers . 
  are n't anatolia and middle east the main area where people migrated into europe ? 
  the brexit campaign propaganda was expecially directed towards eastern european immigrants . 
  the eu has not been found by technocrats . 
  it has been found by european states . 
  easier said than done , expecially in the case of allegedly reliable newspapers . 
  even if you act the smart way and try to confirm what you 've read in a newspaper , checking other sites , you might still run in the same bullshit story reported by multiple reliable medias . 
  but we take the news from that medias ... 
  do you think it will last ? 
  look , i do n't believe in the assertion that history is a cicle , but if history teach us something , is that alliances are made up of necessity and do n't really last long . 
  how many time before the old absurdities rise again and we will start to kill each other over petty arguments or territorial gain ? 
  how many time before an idiot gets elected as president of the united states and decides to realize the manifest destiny and to expand the stars on its flag with the countries of europe ? 
  no , i do n't believe in the us as `` leader of the free world '' and father figure that will protect us all . 
  i believe in this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ventotene_manifesto an idea that actually predates ww2 and started with this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paneuropean_union i believe in an unified international state as the only viable long term solution to stop the countless feuds that happened in europe since the third century to 1995 . 
  most europeans want to divide even more , creating even smaller national entities . 
  a united europe is the only intelligent thing to do in a world where the usa , russia and china exist . 
  she really is beautiful . 
  wtf, 
  so even in the case a symbolism ( like the swastika ) is disruptive for society ? 
  nope . 
  https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/apologia_del_fascismo ( sorry , apparently wikipedia does n't have an english page for this . ), 
  in theory i could n't even say blasphemy in public , i can get a fine for that . 
  what i mean is that `` western values '' can not be generalized . 
  the absolute freedom is more an american value , but even there it does n't really apply everytime . 
  that 's not really the case . 
  i ca n't wear nazi or fascist simbols . 
  i ca n't wear blaspheme or pornographic t-shirts . 
  so , no , `` freedom '' has limits . 
   the ban itself would be as much against western values why ? 
  so ... the muslim women are the true french patriots ... ? 
   let 's just hope it 's never gon na erupt anymore . 
  or maybe not . 
  this is not an option . 
  you ca n't hope for something we know it is inevitable . 
  my condolences . 
   with bidets is the wet underwear afterwards ever heard of towels ? 
  eating at the restaurant is n't really common , by the way . 
  people eats at home most of the time . 
   3 hours after the earthquake there were places where only the police had arrived , acc . 
  to the livethread . 
  to be fair , it 's a very mountainous area and a lot of roads has been destroyed by this earthquake . 
  also , the tower got smaller . 
  the second one . 
  do you think that 's bad ? 
  not entirely . 
  because in this way you delegitimize that kind of forced dress code and whoever enforce that to a woman , either culturally or with violence . 
  the second step is to create a corpus of law to contrast it and protect the women victim of this kind of abuse . 
  you also have to spend money creating social advertisements , the same way is done against rape , drinking before driving , domestic violence etc. . . 
  oh , yeah , they can decide for themself . 
  if they make the wrong choices they face punishment from their family , but yeah , they surely have the freedom to decide what to wear . 
  it 's possible . 
  since the '80 there has been a progressive loss of interest in politics and standard parties . 
  a lot of people see the 5stars movement as something ... different . 
  oh , enough with this bullshit, 
  this has nothing to do with freedom of religion . 
  is a ban against a dress , not against islam . 
  they lobby hard , yes , but is not exactly influence , is that what the church says is used by the right wing parties in order to get the votes of the hardcore catholics . 
  we went at war with the vatican ... 
   we do n't trust the church anymore about time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gomorrah_ ( tv_series ), 
  mediterrean intensifies . 
  kind of . 
  you can create a special visa for venice . 
  well , when you build a city in the middle of a lagoon , you can not fix the bad smell . 
  but if you think about it , that was the smell in the cities of the middle ages , so you can see it as an ... educative experience . 
  problem is that venice is small even for tourism . 
  i think the best solution is some kind of `` regulation '' where only a certain number of people are allowed to enter the city in each day . 
  if you want to consider it a `` museum '' city , than we should manage it as a museum . 
  this smells of anti - russia propaganda . 
  the timing is awesome . 
  you are a comedian , are n't you ? 
  if you really want to fight this sub culture , a ban does n't work . 
  you need to ridicule it . 
  the fact that for you it 's normal to carp bomb other people does n't mean that it actually is . 
  that entire war was a big fuck up .
