  if there are lacks of good regulamentation , the only way for you to change things is to stop buying western stuff altogether . 
  this maybe could create room for a local alternative to emerge on your markets . 
  so what ? 
  this is capitalism . 
  no , thank you . 
  one frankish empire was enough . 
  well , that is hans zimmer , so it fits with germany , kind of . 
  i find colourized old videos and photos to be much more relatable then b&w material . 
  black and white photos give me a much older and distant vibe . 
  yeah , gon na pave the way for the dictatorship of the center . 
  retaliation for the nato bombing ? 
  i met a group of serbs in 2012 in zakynthos who were still upset about that . 
  how do you even close the ports ? 
   could come to a different conclusion this because you do n't know the history of my country . 
  you think you know it , but you do n't know shit . 
  we got our territory invaded by soldiers who , supported by a criminal law , proceeded to kill and rape whoever they defined as `` brigants '' . 
  the entire economy was destroyed by the application of the laws and economic system of piedmont , and in millions fled for the american continent as a result . 
  our language is not recognized , without a proper grammar and reduced to the stereotype of the poor ignorant yokel ... 
  but you , with your very typical german smuggines and that filty air of superiority and paternalization , dare to call me neo fascist and call what happened in s.t. 
  as `` crime against humanity '' ? 
  and i repeat , you are n't even funny when you say that shit . 
  ps : i also believe that to wash you ass is a fundamental value , yet you guys still do n't do it . 
   all regions should get a massive boost in liberties to organize themselves so basically south italy would end up like somalia . 
  if you say so . 
   italian neofascist yeah , right . 
  you are not even funny . 
   somehow i suspect that you would n't have liked had append to you . 
  https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/legge_pica you will then forgive me if i 'm not touched by their cries . 
  and no , they should n't have the right to use german for public infrastructure , as i do n't have road signals and official documents in naepolitan . 
  they are no globals . 
   was an absolute shame ? 
  yes . 
  first , that started under giolitti . 
  second , all the rest of italy was italianized , the concept applied to sud tirol was not bad by itself . 
  what was bad was how it was done . 
  they are great in winter sports . 
  ditch them ? 
  lol, 
  thank you , franz . 
  now give back ~ ~ vienna ~ ~ vindobona, 
  and italian . 
  i 'm already channelling my inner cadorna . 
  then put altruistic in quotes . 
  like this :  `` altruistic '' there is people that really believe the war in lybia was to prevent gheddafi from `` killing its people '' . 
  well , it 's everyone 's dream , is n't it ? 
  to be a us ~ ~ foederatus ~ ~ ally, 
   bad guys first , there are not bad guys . 
  just countries with self interests . 
  second , nato is not eternal . 
  you must also think about securing your independence from poland , or germany , or france . 
  history taught all of us that balances or power are nor `` forever '' , and as consequences alliances are subject to change . 
  i agree with the other users , it is not bad at all . 
  [ more relevant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italo-turkish_war ), 
  you intervened in lybia because you wanted to secure the oil that gheddafi wanted to nationalize . 
  altruistic , lol . 
  the un does what us , uk and france want them to do . 
   just because you popped out of your mother here does n't make you french ... and this is why you have cities segregated based on colour skin and heritage ... and why you have fundamentalist islamists . 
  it is the attitude . 
  if you do n't treat them like part of you , they will not feel part of you . 
  and they will see you as an enemy . 
  the all blacks ^ / s, 
  men ? 
  or immigrants ? 
  either way , it 's discrimination . 
  which will end with the vietnam war , right ? 
   you vote for parties , and the party decides who your representative is because europe is neither a state nor a country . 
  never heard of her . 
   as if he was a beacon of democracy ( ??? ), 
  no , they support putin because they see in modern russia the only power that can keep the american imperialism in check . 
  but they fail to realize that modern russia is also imperialist . 
  [ or can be a soldier ] ( http://www.barbadillo.it/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/0fzvq.jpg ) . 
  yeah , all of that was part of the fascist idea of virility . 
  more so that it was done only to spite france after they ( and uk ) pushed sanctions on us because of the gas bombs used in ethiopia . 
  wut we never liked hitler . 
  he was even made fun of during his visit in naples in 1938 . 
  people who like putin either are anti-establishment believers or right wing berlusconians , since [ berlusconi had quite a friendship with vladimir ] ( http://images2.corriereobjects.it/methode_image/2015/06/10/politica/foto%20gallery/30dir1f3.jpg ), 
  a lot of people here like strong men . 
  stop being a prick . 
  and most important , how can you not personally attack the shitbags who support the genital mutilation ? 
   it 's all about not being able to wave them through to the north anymore proof or gtfo . 
  you know why we hate the fact that you moved your army to our border . 
  you know the history we share , i 'm quite sure of that . 
  and i also think you might understand that pulling of these useless stunts to impress your electorate at our expenses is n't going to be received well from us . 
   it would take one signature to end that mess , yet no one from our elites is doing it . 
  why ? 
  immigrations from poorer countries favours the wage deflation . 
  lol, 
  it 's impossible without getting sanctioned . 
   and italy has it well within its power to legally sink any ship forcefully ferrying foreign invaders , from libyan waters , into its ports . 
  no , a lot of countries could use that as an excuse to put sanction on us . 
  it 's our own fault for having signed the stupid dublin agreement . 
  european integration here , eu army there , muh common culture , etc. . . 
  this entire european idea does n't really have the necessary strong foundations to survive this century . 
   at else would a country use to protect its border if not the military the police ? 
  american [ one drop rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/one-drop_rule ), 
  we do . 
  also turkey . 
  where is d'annunzio when you need him ? 
  that implies there is a post-war polish staircase . 
  poland is ... very interesting .
