  of course , that because the wages in most countries ( including mine ) are shit . 
  you ca n't really consume if you produce but you get shit in return . 
  also , immigration + unenployment only contributes to more `` competition '' . 
  which means even lower wages . 
   the war was not defensive hence they would not be part of it and stay neutral . 
  and how 's that `` changing sides '' ? 
  we were not bound to austria-hungray ( which was our historical enemy , btw ) , the `` alliance '' was merely a defensive pact . 
  a defensive pact that was stipulated to spite france when they invaded tunisia . 
  besides , you are forgetting the plans from conrad von hotzendorf of a preventive strike on us way before ww1 and the fact that neither germany nor austria-hungary informed us of their war plans . 
   in wwii italy under musolini was allied with hitlers germany but ended up switching sides as well . 
  you are also forgetting that it was germany who invaded us , and started killing civilians ( not that the allies were better in that regard ) . 
  resistance was but a natural consequence of it . 
  [ resistance that was formed by civilians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_days_of_naples ) you are also forgetting that we were on the losing side of the paris treaties , that we lost the colonies , istria which went to jugoslavia and two villages which went to france , plus monetary reparation . 
  as such , `` changing side '' is an insulting simplyfication . 
  expecially when it 's made to mock our grandfathers , which is something i ca n't stand . 
   we do need immigration no , we need jobs . 
   realistically the less have it , the better . 
  the better for france and murica , you mean . 
  that is not true . 
   but around ww2 when mussolini put many libyans in concentration camps it was before ww2 , between 1922-1932 . 
  and not against the `` lybians '' in general , but against the senussi and the tripolitianians rebels . 
  it begins . 
  they look better with the sun . 
  mah i 've seen worse in italy . 
  the dead trees also make the entire image look bad , i guess in summer it is a bit better . 
   long vacations , early retirements , constant over borrowing and a general unwillingness to address and correct the problems that your own country has created themselves that is your real problem lol wtf, 
  so the solution is for greece to become a german colony ? 
  what is that ? 
  ussr is not communist , for christ sake . 
  diplomatic immunity should involve actions done in the ambit of diplomacy and politics ... and road accidents are hardly a diplomatic action . 
  let 's just say that trash talk is a bit different from physical assault . 
  he was not liked , but i was talking more about the moment france committed suicide . 
  best moment in football . 
  you mean byzantinians ? 
  lol she 's a schiappa . 
  lol , wtf , they build a fence at the italo-austrian border . 
   can you ~ ~ right ~ ~ write something in my language ? . . 
  fixed . 
  no , i 'm implying that the women are n't there because they are qualified , but because they have a vagina . 
  which is exactly what happen when you have quotas , because there is no competition between men and women . 
   that 's assuming somehow the women chosen are less qualified . 
  yes , of course . 
  it 's a fucking legit assumption since they did not compete against men , but only against other women . 
  it does n't , but it matters when you have quotas that force you to chose women that are there not because they are better than men ( which does not mean that they are worse ) but because they have a vagina . 
   we should expect representation on average and over the long term to be 50/50 . 
  why ? 
  if there are more qualified women , you should n't have 50-50 representation . 
   my assumption is that society ca n't be represented well by an assembly with 75 % of men . 
  and a society ca n't be represented well by an assembly 100 % rich and privileged . 
   so why not just pick people that better represent the population ? 
  and this is not a bullshit argument ? 
  if you want to make the parliament to represent the population , a good chunk of it should be poor . 
  besides , a man can represent a woman , and viceversa . 
  gender parity is bullshit . 
  you should n't make gender distinctions in the public aministrations ( and in the workplace in general ) , you should hire the most qualified people . 
  gender parity means equal treatment , rights and opportunity , and not 50-50 representation . 
  it 's the l law . 
  w-we do n't talk about that . 
  ehm ... no . 
  u20 competitions have little to no relevance . 
  no one really care about them . 
  [ greek ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magna_graecia ), 
  and there was a need to give a name to this behavior ? 
  bad manners is enough . 
  he was canadian . 
  do n't be silly . 
  yeah , no . 
  that is actually what you are doing with palestinians . 
   some of those regressive ass regimes we have in the union nowadays wat, 
  odeh !, 
   what would happen if germany had called article 5 in 1966 ? 
  nothing . 
  germany existed back then as a buffer state . 
  the americans and the brits would have bomb the entire country and reduce it to ashes if it was needed to stop a possible russian invasion . 
  without a second thought . 
  well , the sanctions from the international community played a role in the scarcity of raw materials . 
  mussolini at first said to hitler he need to wait at least until 1943 to be ready for a war , but then he saw how he crushed poland , and decided to enter to war on his side betting on a quick german victory to strip some land from france . 
  we did . 
   i 'd rename english to european and use it for this purpose no . 
  we do n't . 
  we call it repubblica ceca . 
   you do n't have to go back to work in the afternoon during the week ? 
  yes , during the week , not on sunday . 
  no one drinks if you have to go back to work in the afternoon . 
   you must be alcoholic , jobless or on holiday if you dring wine to your dinner at noon here during the week . 
  so you are alcoholic if you drink during your launch but you are cool if you drink for the sake of getting wasted at night . 
  this makes no fucking sense . 
  how ? 
  if they start to arrest you and throw you in prison , your only solution to continue the `` revoltuion '' is to take up arms . 
  if you are few , you will be labelled as terroristsm if you are many , you will be rebels . 
  in any case the escalation of violence will be up to you . 
  quite a few , actually . 
  one of them targeting venice , it was also published here or r/europe . 
  have you people already forgotten it ? 
  and fuck it , i 'm jinxing ( ??? ), 
  it now . 
  to create your own country you need institutions . 
  either you need to create them from scratch , or they are already there but under the control of a superior institution . 
  so , to reach independence you need the superior government to agree to lose power and sovereignity over a part of its territory . 
  it 's unlikely this will ever happen in spain , as in france and italy .
