  it would be an insult , expecially because it can happen to anyone of us in any moment . 
  the 57 years old guy is a true patriot o7, 
  today a bomb exploded in a church in egypt . 
  yes , terrorism is very dangerous . 
  those few dead bodies could be you and me in some distant future . 
  it 's a meaningless death , we should not forget them or reduce them to a mere number . 
  uber has massive capitals behind it . 
  so no , almost no one can do what they are doing . 
  free market is bullshit . 
  the use of gas poison was not against you . 
  and you do n't have the right to hold other indipendent countries to account for what they do . 
  it is just plain aggression . 
  and it is unacceptable as much as the gas poisoning did by assad . 
   they are ~ ~ a theft ~ ~ thieves, 
  10 years . 
  since the 2008 crisis . 
  and where did i write that i 'm supporting assad ? 
  no , i complain about double standards and hypocrisy . 
  oh , and your government bombed civilians in syria multiple times ( under the obama amministration ) . 
  every time they said it was an accident , but even if it 's true , there 's something called negligence also , you can not drop bombs into an another country , it 's an act of war . 
  or at least , it should be . 
   syria drops poison gas on its citizens . 
  the us bombs the air base that syria used to do this . 
  yeah , killing 9 civilians , 4 children among them , in the process . 
  nice job . 
  yeah , being the 4th european economy ( 3rd when your masters will leave ) gives you some knowledge . 
   because they 're our allies . 
  you are their ally . 
  yeah , that would imply that we count something . 
  there 's no need to , our european armies are build for defense , and are fully functional for that . 
  oh , i know . 
  so fuck germany , fuck france and fuck juncker . 
  the us dares to do that only because no one openly criticize them . 
  bottom left , on the ground . 
  yes . 
  but ... i 'm more disturbed about the first image . 
  is that a children ? 
  nope . 
  no one gives you that right , and it is in violation of uno article 2 . 
  you know what i 'm talking about , you retard . 
  salafism related terrorism . 
  then when will this end ? 
  cause it would not end on its own , not while the salafism is tolerated . 
  i did n't say this . 
  i said that every choice has a trade off . 
  being tolerant might be the morally right stance to take ... but it open up to those ... terrible events . 
  deport everyone might be the morally wrong choice , but it will reduce the risk of something like this to happen . 
  both choices would not be without criticism . 
  but we all know that this situation can not go on forever . 
  besides ... how do you deal with terrorist ? 
  they can hide and pass under the radar until it is to late . 
  we have n't been hit by terrorism yet ... but it will also happen to us , sooner or later . 
   that would n't be just to all the innocents . 
  every choice has some trade-off . 
   the spread of communism oh , yeah , a threat to humanity , well worth it killing civilians and raping women . 
  even supporting dicators in south america was to protect humanity , right ? 
   of course you do n't give a fuck , you 're a psychopath . 
  ah , shut up . 
  oh yes , i 'm pretty sure vietnamites and iraquis loved to be protected . 
  and either way i do n't give fuck . 
  it 's a violation of the international law . 
  if not , then someone could also say that russia is protecting people in donbass . 
   they just do what is right you are actually serious . 
  economy is not everything . 
   the un does allow for self defense , and since civilians ca n't defend themselves against planes dropping nerve agents on them , the us did it for them . 
  this is the dumbest thing i have ever read . 
  the us does not have a mandate to `` protect the people of the world '' . 
  and it 's a stretch of this `` self defense '' thing . 
  also . 
   all members shall settle their international disputes by peaceful means in such a manner that international peace and security , and justice , are not endangered . 
   all members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state , or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the united nations . 
  what the us did is a crime . 
  not according to the un . 
   article 2 the organization and its members , in pursuit of the purposes stated in article 1 , shall act in accordance with the following principles . 
   3 ) all members shall settle their international disputes by peaceful means in such a manner that international peace and security , and justice , are not endangered . 
   4 ) all members shall refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any state , or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the united nations . 
  you know what we should do . 
  economic sanction to the us . 
  but it will never happen because france and germany apparently like to be us slaves . 
   by the us definition i 'm sorry , but who the fuck are they to decide if a state is legit or not ? 
  i want the eu to grow some ball and condemn the us . 
  it must be made clear that they can not break the international law without consequences , otherwise this entire un system would be as useless as the league of nations pre-ww2 . 
  but it will never happen , cause ultimately we europeans like to bend over . 
  and apparently attacking an independent country with missiles is not equal to a declaration of war , for some reason . 
  does the use of chemical weapon from some country justify the illegal intervention of a third party that likes to play world police ? 
  fuck you , germany . 
  attacking an independent country is ok , now . 
  then why no one punished the us for using white phosphorous in iraq ? 
  when the us killed 200 civilians some weeks ago , no one cared . 
  when they used white phosphorous in iraq , no one cared . 
  when the us execute airstrikes without the un approval , no one cares . 
  but now apparently what happened in syria was so outrageous that everyone is losing their mind . 
  cost of life is not the same , tho . 
  [ top lads ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/putin_erdogan_berlusconi.jpg ), 
   un village francaise is there a torrent in 1080p somewhere ? 
  yeah , but now if spain drops any idea about gibraltar going back to them , it would seems like they are scare of you . 
  by threatening hostile actions , you put spain in a very uncomfortable position . 
  those things must be resolved with behind doors diplomacy . 
  there 's no way spain can now go out and say `` ok , we do n't want gibraltar '' , because it would seem that you scared them off . 
  well , at least you stopped trying to expand on the left side .
