  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/ff/abu_ghraib_68.jpg no , i 'm sorry , but in a perfect world your military would have already face a trial for war crimes . 
  `` italy should stop summarily sending children back to greece , and greek authorities should stop detaining children in degrading conditions in police station cells . '', 
  yeah ... no . 
  a 17 years old boy is not a children . 
  i want compensation from iran because of the battle of carrhae . 
  i 'm not even angry anymore . 
  their own holy book says that women are subordinate to men and should n't be allowed to talk in public or to teach . 
  it kinda seems perfect for right wing politics . 
  why the fuck should russia even want to attack europe ? 
  really , wtf ? 
  they have been allies of uk and france in both world wars . 
  yeah , they attacked finland , but because finland was part of the zarist russia until the declaration of independence during the october revolution . 
   friendly and cooperative governments abroad `` compliant governments abroad '' is a better way to put it . 
  one thing i do n't like is the hijab . 
  they should not be allow to wear it . 
  for the same reason i 'm not allow to wear an hood at work . 
   they finally came back and said do n't worry , the system said you were austrian but we fixed it you 're australian . 
  this is funny and tragic at the same time . 
  not true . 
  in communist utopia the real difference is that you ca n't own privately any means of productions . 
  no , because communism is basically putting the means of productions in the hands of the state . 
  and it 's the truth . 
  except that it was n't a bad idea . 
  stalin russia was not communist . 
  mandatory conscription is never good if you want a strong military . 
  you are alredy damaging us with your shitty copyright laws , not protecting the geographical indications of the products you import , allowing shady companies to create parallel products using famous names , and harming your own citizens this way . 
  i 'm not actually sure you realize how important is europe for us economy . 
  except that a defensive alliance works in both ways . 
   the usa with all it 's woes does bring a lot of stability in the world vietnam , iraq , afghanistan , siria and lybia might disagree with you . 
   all the time it happened one time in history . 
  good , nato is just a way for us to control europe . 
  piratebay does n't always work good for me . 
  plus , we in italy ca n't have direct access to the site . 
  technically , a real democracy is when people get legislative power . 
  voting for your representatives is great in theory , but it does n't work . 
   us proving once again it 's not a democracy , but a corporatocracy . 
  so , it 's a banana republic . 
  you 're right , xenophobic is the right word . 
  oh , so basically the mess right at my doorstep is us fault . 
  well , fuck her . 
  what charges ? 
  we already have a name . 
  turkey is becoming more and more a theocracy . 
  it 's better this way . 
  if they make stupid comments , you can clearly discern who is a good politician from a racist fascist idiot . 
  the real problem is that taking away those idiots from politics is a real challenge . 
  nope . 
  a banana republic is a puppet state controlled by multinational corporations , designed to protect their interests . 
  no , they were soldiers . 
  who deserves compensations is the iraqi people , victims of an illegal invasion . 
  so ... the kingdom of two sicilies is currently under foreign occupation using your definition . 
  how the free trade and the ( not really ) free movement of people did n't benefit england , exactly ? 
  it should serve everyone . 
  but mostly , it should prioritize the countries that mostly need help to recover from the 2008 crisis . 
  england is ( was ?? ), 
  one of the wealthiest countries in europe , i really do n't see why the eu should have served the england interests right now . 
  the uk did n't use the euro nor it was fully in the shengen area , how many other concessions you should have had ? 
  and this is why i said that the problem is the universal suffrage . 
  the way i see it now , which might be wrong of course , is that our democracy is not really a democracy . 
  it 's not different from the ancien regime . 
  while kings and queens used the religion as a way to legitimate their power , the current establishment ( i do n't like the word , but i do n't really see another way to describe a bunch of rich people , aristocracy like , which are always around the parliament no matter what - think of la russa or prodi or bersani in our case ) use the popular vote as a way to legitimate themself . 
  they are supposed to be our representatives , but they are not really that . 
  a true democracy , as i see it , is where people get to vote on every law proposed by the parliament . 
  which also means , that not everyone should have the right to vote . 
  the more power in the eu does n't mean that the power is taken away from the parliament . 
  it means that the european parliament has more legislative power . 
  but to serve this purpose , you need politicians which want to take decisions for the good of the entire europe , and not only for their nation . 
  but referendums are the real democracy . 
  the problem with referendums is the universal suffrage . 
  so the union , meaning every other european country , should have served england because ... you are special ? 
  england already had a lot of concessions from the eu . 
  well ... technically most of the gauls became romans from a certain point in history . 
  it 's not different from italy . 
  a lot of people identify themself first as member of a city or a region , and only later as italian . 
  the fact that italy is a big generalization of different people with different cultures does n't help any kind of national unity , and actually caused a lot of internal racism . 
  yes , and they were considered as belligerant . 
  for example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_days_of_naples, 
  if you face a soldier , you are an unlawful combatant . 
  have n't margaret already done that ? 
  the only reason germany was stopped was because of the soviet , specifically in stalingrad and in kursk , where they steamrolled the nazi soldiers . 
  i do n't like mary beard ( even if she 's kind of an authority about history ) , but why the hell is she debating with bj ? 
  careful lads , you 'll got a lot of sunburn . 
  but it was nato to push russia to take actions in crimea , because it wanted to open new bases there . 
  right in russia 's doorstep . 
  that 's a downright provocation . 
  not to mention the stupid sanctions who damaged , by the way , even the economy of my country , but of course no one cares . 
  nato is old stuff that should n't exist anymore . 
  the us created the cold war against the urss , but now the urss is no more . 
  there 's no point to consider russia as an enemy . 
  so , germany is the champion of export while the united states export almost nothing ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  dangerous stuff . 
  further limitations in the name of safety are difficult to revoke . 
  having better wine than france . 
   immigrants impossible , they are not muslims . 
  during the time of the early roman republic , gauls lived in the po valley . 
  it 's a polish military cemetery . 
  technically it is legal in italy , but good luck finding a doctor willing to assist you . 
  no , i 'm saying that their death is meaningless . 
  and this is why we should not forget about them and we should not reduce them to a statistic .
