  and while is n't my intention to downplay the effort of britain , canada and usa in that , you did n't `` liberate '' us . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_days_of_naples https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_resistance_movement it was a bit more complicated than that . 
  well , not rome as a city , but britain . 
  well , it depends . 
  do you mean the kingdom or the people ? 
   if it was n't for him taking the moral high ground over your fascist , nazi collaborating regime in ww2 if it was n't for the russians , you mean . 
   you 're a child of churchill 's legacy in europe . [ ... 
  ] it was winston churchill who in 1948 advocated a european ` charter of human rights ' yeah , i 'm pretty sure that the deads of gallipoli are very greatful for his warmongering and incompetence . 
  as i 'm pretty sure that the indians who died in the famine are greatful as well for his support . 
   ( including one your country `` kindly gifted '' us ) . 
  interesting , please tell me more about it . 
  on how britain financed him , for example . 
  nice try . 
  but you are using an argumentum ad hominem , this one in particular https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tu_quoque so please , try again . 
  they should n't be there . 
  these twats should n't even be in politics . 
  the fact that he was a racist son of bitch should be enough  i do not agree that the dog in a manger has the final right to the manger even though he may have lain there for a very long time . 
  i do not admit that right . 
  i do not admit for instance , that a great wrong has been done to the red indians of america or the black people of australia . 
  i do not admit that a wrong has been done to these people by the fact that a stronger race , a higher-grade race , a more worldly wise race to put it that way , has come in and taken their place . 
  or  i hate indians . 
  they are a beastly people with a beastly religion . 
  what about  relief would do no good , indians breed like rabbits and will outstrip any available food supply seriously , fuck him . 
   what he did lives on the people who died in the indian famine because of his policies do not live on . 
  well , it 's not that churchill was a saint . 
  the fact that you ca n't cultivate weed but you can produce weapons always seems absolutely stupid to me . 
  false friend , non avevo controllato xd, 
  who started this anti-vaccination movement should go in prison . 
  http://www.repubblica.it/argomenti/tangenti_expo plus , the entire structure was basically unfinished . 
  with the corruption we have , the olympics will be terrible for us . 
  not only it will be worse than expo , but the practicability of rome streets is awful . 
  why not washington ? 
  well , that was the plan , right ? 
  bring more people to integrate into the workforce , with lower wages . 
  it 's not absurd . 
  it 's called efficiency . 
  if you know there 's a high risk area , you go there to be able to intervene with celerity . 
  the opposite would be negligence . 
  can you prove it ? 
  not if they are not registered in italy . 
  sar activity is one of the primary duties of the coast guard . 
  we should let them explore the rout hannibal took through the alps . 
  maybe they will even find some archeological remains . 
  it 's called sar . 
  ( search and rescue ) the coast guard has the duty to help and rescue any foreign citizen who need help in italian water . 
  this is why they are deployed at the border of lybia 's waters . 
  not because they are a free taxi service , but because that 's a high risk area and they can do the job more effectively . 
  what 's wrong with flamenco ? 
  politicians love to make empty promises . 
  the lighting . 
  it kinda sucks . 
  stop speaking barbarish . 
  i 'm afraid you do n't realize how big cdpr is now . 
  i wish there was some italian company that big in videogames industry . 
  i know that , i finished the game . 
  what spoiler ? 
  i just hope they will improve the engine ( and the marketing , you ca n't show trailers like the vgx and sword of destiny and then downgrade everything ) and will give some real modding tools . 
  why sword of destiny ? 
  the last wish is the first book . 
  but ciri is not a witcher . 
   oh it is free , i mean , you pay a little tax but it 's around $ 60 where do you live , exactly ? 
  geralt is life . 
  she was the main character in the last books . 
  the way europe is going is nothing new , it was foreseen at least 100 years ago . 
  at least in italy . 
   `` the progress of humanity seems to have come to a halt , and you with your superior intelligence will know why . 
  the reason is that the world lacks a nation which possesses true leadership . 
  such leadership , of course , is required not to dominate other peoples , but to lead them along the path of duty , to lead them toward the brotherhood of nations where all the barriers erected by egoism will be destroyed . 
  we need the kind of leadership which , in the true tradition of medieval chivalry , would devote itself to redressing wrongs , supporting the weak , sacrificing momentary gains and material advantage for the much finer and more satisfying achievement of relieving the suffering of our fellow men . 
  we need a nation courageous enough to give us a lead in this direction . 
  it would rally to its cause all those who are suffering wrong or who aspire to a better life , and all those who are now enduring foreign oppression . 
   this role of world leadership , left vacant as things are today , might well be occupied by the german nation . 
  you germans , with your grave and philosophic character , might well be the ones who could win the confidence of others and guarantee the future stability of the international community . 
  let us hope , then , that you can use your energy to overcome your moth-eaten thirty tyrants of the various german states . 
  let us hope that in the center of europe you can then make a unified nation out of your fifty millions . 
  all the rest of us would eagerly and joyfully follow you . '', 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giuseppe_garibaldi#legacy or this one  `` the dividing line between progressive and reactionary parties no longer follows the formal line of greater or lesser democracy , or of more or less socialism to be instituted ; rather the division falls along the line , very new and substantial , that separates the party members into two groups . 
  the first is made up of those who conceive the essential purpose and goal of struggle as the ancient one , that is , the conquest of national political power -- and who , although involuntarily , play into the hands of reactionary forces , letting the incandescent lava of popular passions set in the old moulds , and thus allowing old absurdities to arise once again . 
  the second are those who see the creation of a solid international state as the main purpose ; they will direct popular forces toward this goal , and , having won national power , will use it first and foremost as an instrument for achieving international unity . '', 
  the fact that they use religion as a guideline for laws and society . 
  you 're right , sorry . 
  now i know i have to emigrate to france . 
  it begins . 
  ehm ... is n't that what i 'm saying ? 
  that the argument of article 7 can not be used . 
  there 's literally no army in nato that is trained to deal with the occupation of a foreign country . 
   i 've seen some politicians say the uk ca n't in anyway benefit from leaving the eu . 
  that sounds like punish . 
  it 's not . 
  you can not benefit from leaving because otherwise the entire union would be pointless . 
  not really , we only offer them the use of the nato bases ( with us personal in it , which is not really something that could be refused ) and four tornados , for the no-fly zone . 
  the real involvement in the air strike was only later , when everything was done , and only because berlusconi wanted to please obama . 
   everybody france and uk . 
  no one would dare to say anything to them . 
  but we are not them . 
  we are your neighboor , you like it or not . 
  what happens to us affect you also . 
   equality well , they still have a piramidal social structure , if that 's the case they should n't have entered eu from the start . 
  which makes that argument not only a bit weak , but could also set a dangerous precedent . 
  well , i know that he spoke alone with the press because basically merkel and hollande organized the summit and their press conference together specifically to `` please '' their own voters and invited him at the last minute .
