  which means that there was no real talking at the summit and it was kinda for show , with renzi saying that `` they only repeated the same things '' . 
  at least this is what i know from here http://www.repubblica.it/esteri/2016/09/17/news/l_ira_del_premier_su_angela_non_puo_trattarmi_cosi_gli_altri_sanno_solo_obbedire_-147934377/ http://www.repubblica.it/esteri/2016/09/16/news/bratislava-147873647/ one point of `` contrast '' was immigration , the other was about economy , with renzi accusing merkel of not respecting the eu rules about financial surplus , as a counter point for the austerity strategy that is basically blocking him from intervene on structural problems ( and more real ones , like modernizing schools to make them anti-earthquake ), 
  which is a declaration of war , is n't it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it breaks a couple of international treaties plus a few human rights since is impossible to prove that the immingrants eventually deported came from them . 
  but also , we ca n't declare war , our constitution forbid that . 
  article 5 does n't mean us will defend x country if attacked . 
  it also means that x country will defend the us if attacked . 
  it 's a defensive pact , it works in both ways . 
  impossible . 
  the referendum is n't legally binding , which means that the uk could not leave at all . 
  it is my understanding that his proposal is to invest on the economy of key african states , in order to create more wealth and opportunities for people and discourage them from taking the dangerous rout of lybia and the mediterrean , since they are basically economic migrants . 
  which is not a solution that i find feasble , but at least it 's a starting point for a discussion about it , instead of blatantly ignore it like it has been done since now . 
  lybia is pretty much a failed state at this point . 
  the `` government '' does n't have control over the country , and the latest news i 've read talked about how some soldiers deserted to join the rebels ( rebels that now control the oil resources ) . 
  you ca n't really struck a deal with an unstable government . 
  i expect france and uk the step the fuck up and fix the shit they started , since we had a perfectly fine deal with geddafi . 
  yeah , but ... i do n't see how an eu army could undermine nato . 
  it 's my understanding that the eu army is n't about recruiting and creating a new military branch with an eu banner , but more about increasing the cooperation and strenght of the european armies to one specific standard . 
  negotiation for brexit will start in the first month of 2017 , the talks for an eu army are still in an early phase . 
  for real . 
  who the fuck cares about syria ? 
  most of the immigration is from lybia . 
  with france and austria closing the borders despite schengen ? 
  the problem on immigration , according to renzi , was that in the document there were 4 pages on turkey agreement , but nothing about africa . 
  which basically means that germany and france are only working on their immigration problem . 
  nato is a defensive pact . 
  yeah , on paper , but defensive pacts are not always a. ... solid pledge . 
  who will be next when they run out of poles ? 
  are you conservative ? 
  what is northen ireland still doing in uk ? 
  why do they even care ? 
  it 's just childish . 
  yes , but it also shows that the french speakers are going to grow at a really fast rate . 
  plus french already is an official language of the eu . 
  with england in , i might agree with you , since it will be a language shared by multiple parties . 
  but with england out , using english will be a sign of subordination , since one or more parties use their native language while the other would use a language that is shared by none of the eu members . 
  which means that the rest of us idiots should all learn your language when you sit on your ass doing nothing , and maybe even mocking the poor guy when he makes a mistake in english . 
  ( yes it happened ) . 
  spanish and french ( maybe german ) are good candidates , since they are both spoken by a huge chunk of the world population . 
   got some french rifles for sale , never fired , dropped once ehi , that was meant to us ... nevermind , i like it . 
  english with england out ? 
  wtf are we , a satrapy of america ? 
   and i do not believe it 's so better outside of italy even if that 's the case , we should aim to do better than the others . 
  a problem is a problem , and we have a problem . 
  interesting , the romanian miercuri is similar to the naepolitan miercur\u00ec . 
  i hope you know that if you make tobacco illegal , it wo n't disappear . 
  there will be a black market for it . 
  they are an albanian minority that acted like terrorist and wanted to fragment the country , creating their own . 
  and we , nato , supported those terrorists . 
  i run into some serbians , born and grew up during the war , when i was in vacation in greece . 
  everyone always mention kosovo here , kosovo there , but no one ever talk about the damage that the nato bombing ( and use of depleted uranium ) caused to them . 
  kosovo has no real reason to exist . 
  so ... having a beard now means that you are using the islamic terrorist style ? 
   clad in jeans and clutching a laptop so , attracting people using capitalist symbols . 
  russia is so disappointing nowdays . 
  nah , then people will tell that we are n't a western country , but southerners . 
   they wo n't dare to light a cigarette in a public space is it forbidden to smoke in public space in other countries ? 
  the constitution does n't allow any kind of separation . 
  plus , they really do n't have a strong enough economy to survive as sovereign nation . 
  everyone is posting videos about territorial changes about their country , so i 'll do that too . 
   so dirty ? 
  she really is a dirty gift of god . 
   only a dumbass on reddit will believe every single person in those countries will wash there ass with a bidet every time but we do it . 
  every single fucking time . 
   i had more than one horror encounters romantically speaking because of this cultural clash . 
  this is a story i want to read . 
  toilet papers does n't clean you completely . 
  plus you have to use a shit ton of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure to have a bidet in italy is mandatory ... by law . 
  it 's a french invention , by the way . 
  i think the english version of crucchi is kraut . 
  i really do n't see why anyone would ever want to wage war on us . 
  we are a shitty mountainous peninsula , in a shitty strategic position with almost no natural resources . 
  nothing to gain from us , really . 
  you are really underestimating germany 's capabilities . 
  relevant . 
  she 's a redhead , that 's good enough for me . 
  is rooney from liverpool ? 
   short genetic is a bitch , i tell you that much . 
   eu had the perfect chance to show the us what it was capable of in libya and managed to screw that up spectacularly . 
  no , that was only uk and france . 
  make the hadrian 's wall great again . 
  what 's wrong with catalonia ? 
  is it a. . . remnant of the visigoth rule in spain ? 
  mate , you already fought a war , in lebanon . 
  racism is the believe that one race is inferior to another . 
  really ? 
  this is strange , cause i 'm pretty sure that the transalpin term derives from transalpin gaul . 
  wait , who said they should be jailed ? 
  i 've only seen people complaining about this on facebook and twitter ... which is something you really should expect when you try to be `` edgy '' at the expenses of dead and homeless people . 
  `` meet the medieval mafia '' with mary beard . 
  the problem is that for us , this shitty earthquake is still fresh in memory . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfvv-eoxo34 this little girl was lucky enough to be saved , but how many childern died ? 
  comparing them to stereotyping food is for sure not funny , and i do n't blame who think it is quite offensive . 
  especially because ... what point are they trying to make , exactly ? 
  i hate ultras , their are the shittiest human beings . 
  so ... they basically represent different type of pasta . 
  the one covered in blood is pasta with tomato sauce , the guys buried under the rubble is a lasagna . 
  it 's ... not funny . 
  you got nice for that .
