  a bit more than 100 , you became france best friend after the franco-prussian war . 
  well , they are an island , i would expect them to have a very good navy . 
  who cares ? 
  we need a good government , male or women does n't really matter . 
  yeah , that is what a bot would say . 
  are you a bot ? 
  we are talking about dresden . 
  deliberately targeting civilians is a war crime . 
  that would be awesome . 
   oh please . 
  1 ) they were tried and punished for their war crimes . 
  2 ) two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   you reap what you sow . 
  yeah , that kind of reasoning sure makes you better than the axis , is n't it ? 
   do you actually realize how many people would have died in operation downfall ? 
  i realize how many civilians died for real because of the bombs . 
  which , again , are war crimes . 
  revisionist ? 
  no , i simply got teached history in school , not propaganda . 
   idiot . 
  too bad he already did the battle of alesia when his microphone sucked . 
  the use of a ad hominem argument qualifies you . 
   the japanese army would not have contemplated surrender without use of the bombs . 
  unconditional surrender . 
  and they did n't do that after the bombs anyway , it was the soviet intervention to lead japan to surrender . 
   japan rejected unconditional surrender . 
  unconditional surrender was necessary to decapitate the japanese government and make it incapable of waging war ever again . 
  i do n't care , unconditional surrender is not a necessary condition to end a war . 
  and is certainly not an excuse to raise two cities to the ground . 
  the allies rejected the possibility to end the war with japan , bombed two cities , ended the war and now you have also the gut to say that the bombs saved millions of lives . 
  that is fucking sick . 
  and by the way , they `` rejected '' unconditional surrender because they wanted to keep the emperor . 
  spoiler alert : they still have an emperor . 
  yes they were . 
  both the minister of war and the prime minister wanted to end the war that they considered lost  millions of people were saved by the bombs . 
  this is fucked up . 
  except there was no need to invade japan because they already wanted to end the war ( and you killing 200.000 civilians in tokyo , in yet another unpunished war crime , helped reaching that decision ) . 
  that is not an argument , germans and japanese officers , soldiers and politicians were tried and executed , british , french and americans were not . 
  that 70 years later you are actually defending killing civilians is disgusting . 
  i do n't give a fuck , they bombed two civilian cities . 
  there is no excuse . 
  expecially because japan already wanted to surrender before the bombs were dropped . 
  another unpunished war crime . 
  they also tried this excuse in defending the bombing of hiroshima and nagasaki . 
  that was an important turning point in european history . 
  even more than our secret agent trezeguet reveling himself to the world . 
  [ i ca n't wait ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e8/putin_erdogan_berlusconi.jpg ), 
  good . 
  holy catholic latin  heathen orthodox cyrillic . 
   girl was raped twice on the same night burn that city down . 
  or maybe is simply smarter to not jeopardize the new government by making the religious conservatives opposition already angry . 
  the entire press worldwide is going downhill pretty fast in this new century . 
   we are an usa colony when it comes to technology the fuck ? 
  you are 14 years old , stop saying stupid shit . 
  pretty please . 
   if he hacked the italian , swedish or french military i 'd be for his extradition to the relevant country . 
  we do n't let our private citizens attack our allies . 
  do n't know about you , but americans sure [ do n't give a damn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cavalese_cable_car_disaster_ ( 1998 \\ ) ) have you also forgot about how about they threatened to invade europe if some american get sentenced for war crimes ? 
  iirc they have a law about it . 
  google bases that border on cpt . 
  mieulet 's map , which is a fake . 
  no , do n't trust google maps . 
  mate , you still have slavery, 
  i did n't know the uk was an us puppet . 
  i love the hoi memes based on the raid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0tevcc8tx4&amp;t=304s&amp;ab_channel=maxkleer, 
   noone wants crazy good-for-nothing retards to `` redistribute '' wealth according to their loser worldview . 
  yeah , it 's better when the wealth is controlled by a tiny percentage of the population , is n't it ? 
  you should study a bit of the workers conditions during and after the industrial revolution and the concept of worker alienation to understand communism . 
  until that i refuse to even consider your pathetic excuse for political persecution . 
   , especially since the previous deal was a complete scam , with fincantieri using some fake fundation to gain control over it despite offically owning only 49 % of it lol wtf, 
  france can claim what it wants , there is an agreement signed 1861 . 
  [ yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mont_blanc ), 
  one does n't have to be communist to understand that your argument is just ridiculous , if not downright fascist . 
  justifying that madness called red scare , political persecution and imprisonment of political opposition by comparing communism to a disease is just disgusting . 
  that is exactly the reasoning of a fascist . 
  it is not an existential threat . 
  the ussr under stalin was not communist , it was fascist . 
  the problem is that your education is shit . 
  you need carbs in your diet . 
  the critic of yannis to carbs is that you will still be hungry after 2 hours from lunch , but that is n't really a problem if you eat a light snack in the afternoon . 
  obesity is not derived from carbs , but from a sedentary life while eating like pigs . 
  i mean that the most vocal opposition to the dutch black face came from american millennials . 
  i 'm tired of this shit . 
  there is a great difference between black face and bullfight . 
  muricans are not the whole world . 
  not for me . 
  but if that is a problem for some people , they could eat integral bread , whose carbs are absorbed slower by the organism . 
   breads fill you momentarily and you are hungry soon after . 
  wtf is this bullshit ? 
  this is just wrong . 
  naah , the attacker was not black . 
  i do n't think that would be the objective . 
  the purpose of the navy would be to assist the libyan coast guard with personnel and equipment . 
  we ca n't just go around blowing stuff , we have ... [ history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacification_of_libya ) with libya . 
  i have no idea . 
  wiki says france support the other one , haftar , together with egypt and russia . 
  cheaper and qualitatively worse . 
   those that ca n't survuve , diversify or die out . 
  yeah , we are talking about people livelihoods here . 
  free market and capitalism should never be more important than that .
