  they occupied that first . 
   why should a `` eu military unit '' have to intervene in mali or in the central african republic ? 
  to gain combat experience . 
  close . 
  this politician basically says that `` rape is worse ( odioso would be translated with obnoxious , i think ) if committed by a refugee '' . 
  ah , fuck , i thought it was a representation of europe in 1861 my bad . 
  title should be in english , and by the way , it does n't seem fit for r/europe, 
  yeah ... yeah , true , benzin makes sense . 
  but mafia car bombs are something straight from the 80s/90s, 
  that was not the uk , it was the british empire . 
  du hast, 
  absence of evidence is n't evidence of absence . 
  plus , we had pasta since the times of the etruscans and magna graecia . 
  so way before any contacts with the chinese culture . 
   and the arabs having dry pasta ~ 1000 years prior makes you think that italy ` invented ' pasta ? 
  lol , wtf ? 
  it 's origin label , not protection . 
  we have the best olive oil . 
  the best . 
  i tell you . 
  `` in short , each country will have certain things that it 's relatively good at and others that it 's relatively bad at ; by making things it 's good at ( i.e. 
  the products in which it has a comparative advantage ) and selling those to buy things it 's bad at , the country can become far richer than if it tried to produce everything domestically . '', 
  in theory . 
  in reality , if something i 'm good at is not recognized by people in other countries , my good brand will not sell as it could . 
  expecially if i do n't have the capital to expand in the international market . 
  and other countries can step in and create the same thing i 'm good at . 
  in the end , i could end up buying both what i 'm good at and what i 'm bad at , making my country completely reliant on the production of other countries and to their influence . 
  it 's conquest without war , and it 's dangerous . 
  the us for example does n't equally protect our brands , selling fake stuff labelled as italian and causing us to lose a lot of money . 
  nope , it does n't . 
  too bad that in romance speaking countries it 's ue , not eu . 
  like every country in the world , then . 
  apparently there 's a stereotype saying that french people do not speak other language beyond french . 
  well , that 's false . 
  my mom 's friend is french and speaks italian , and some month ago i heard a french girl trying to speak italian on a train , so the stereotype is bullshit . 
   i got used to drinking long coffee  does it make me less italian ? 
  spending some time to the confino will make you good . 
  this is why we are fucked . 
  churchill was a disgusting person . 
  no , we do n't need immigration , because we do n't have enough jobs . 
  100 dollars ? 
  wtf, 
   that a biscuit with raisins ???? 
  need context, 
  we have 2 aircraft carriers , iirc . 
  auguri, 
  because they could n't target kebab and pizza ( which is terun food ) otherwise . 
  they needed to make it seem neutral . 
  there 's not an `` easier '' language to learn . 
  english is easier from a morphological point of view , but it is more difficult to learn from the phonetical point of view . 
   english is much easier to learn no , it 's not . 
  english is not the language for all of europe and all europeans . 
  in my country a very small size of the population is fluent enough to have a basic conversation with another person in english . 
  more of all , english is the lingua franca of today because of ww2 and the influence of us economy over europe , but its status is nothing to be taken for granted , and can change easily depending of changes in the actual economic balance . 
   it is the language for all of europe and all europeans what ? 
  what the fuck is that ? 
  so the entire point is dumb , juncker speaks german anyway , regardless of the `` british sacrifice '' . 
  but does n't juncker also speak german ... ? 
  yet , an international court and law needs some power to enforce it . 
  as it stands , both international law and the non proliferation of nuclear weapons are just limitations . 
  did n't know that a country of law means a `` police state '' . 
  truth is , a protest must be violent in order to be heard . 
  yeah , north korea style . 
  more like hema fighters . 
  bullfighting is a barbaric shit that should be suppressed by force . 
  illegal . 
  she basically bought a baby . 
  both she and the romanian mother are criminals . 
   when police went to question the adoptive mother , she said she had faked the pregnancy , using latex belly prostheses bought on the internet . 
  her partner was in prison and she had recently undergone two miscarriages , the papers reported . 
   when she discovered the baby was of mixed race , however , the woman did n't know how to explain the baby 's skin colour to her family and friends . 
  lol, 
   was libya a much of a country in march 2011 ? 
  yes , it was . 
  it was actually the most prosperous in north africa . 
  probably yes , `` elucidar '' has a cognate in italian , which is `` elucidare '' , but it is a rare word . 
  there was also a video from [ langfocus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umzm-s1ng7k&amp;ab_channel=langfocus ), 
  low effort . 
  i saw more interesting maps that detailed the position of various slavic and germanic tribes at the time of the roman empire , which is a particularly interesting topic in historiography . 
  aha , and you need the free market and liberal capitalism for that , right ? 
   while you bitch about it from behind the computer some business made for you . 
  fucking bullshit excuse for defending the downgrade in working rights and the increase of working hours . 
  we live in a world in which you are fired if you do n't suck your employer 's dick , but that 's fine because you like computers . 
  are you really defending buisnesses ? 
  the left in france has been completely destroyed . 
  i know he was there filming the refugees on the turkish border . 
  but the issue is not the arrest , but the fact that he 's basically there without a formal accusation , without the possibility to see a lawyer or to contact his family . 
  not even our diplomats were able to see him , as far as i know . 
   i do n't think this journalist will be released that easily though . 
  it wo n't be because we have nothing we can use to press turkey . 
  it was difficult enough to release our two marines from india 's bullshit , with turkey it will be impossible . 
  we are still behind . 
  stores open on sunday is a downgrade of our worker rights . 
  well , we are not that civilized either when driving on their roads . 
  lol , no . 
   globalization and multiculturalism is part of communist ideology . 
  totally not . 
   it 's far more common for people to live with their parents past the age of 30 and guess why ? 
   so europe will be ~ ~ france ~ ~ black soon . 
  it 's the number of immigrant france has to distort this statistic .
