i 'll be sure to pm you on the 4th, 
  i hired a romanian freelancer once . 
  great guy , honest worker . 
  that 's pretty much all the exposure i 've had with romanians . 
  was n't weiner sexting a bunch of young girls though ? 
  is anyone over the age of 14 on that subreddit ? 
  a russian fucked with me once . . once, 
  the beer in norway is criminally expensive . 
  i once paid 95 crowns for 0.6 l of beer . 
  how do people in norway afford to get drunk ? 
  wow , all the gypsies i saw in oslo were unwashed and begging for money at every corner . 
  just your average anti-american-american redditor who panders to europeans for upvotes . 
  nothing new here folks , downvote and move on . 
  yes . 
  [ here is a new york state welfare card ] ( http://graphics8.nytimes.com/images/2010/02/28/nyregion/28stampspan-1/28stampspan-1-articlelarge.jpg ) sorry for the mixup, 
  do the migrants know they ca n't live off our `` benefits '' ? 
  i went to the vasa museum and was blown away . 
  highly recommended, 
  diabetes is dangerous though, 
  function ( ) { }, 
  sometimes i 'd rather have my country associated with alcoholism than morbid obesity and stupidity ... 
  thought provoking insight on the polish national psyche brought to you by the moderator of/r/dickgirls, 
  the gun wo n't penetrate armor on mbts but it will destroy all optics , countermeasures , tracks , sensing equipment , ect ect . 
  essentially a mobility kill, 
  why the hate ? 
  nobody cares when we see a `` as a european '' comment in every top / r/politics or / r/news thread . 
  how very reddit of you, 
  i mean ... our military is ... uhh . . do you have any oil ? 
  no free healthcare or education , and a benefits system you can not live on . 
  i 'm willing to bet the muslims who migrated here were well off and educated to begin with . 
  they have to be instructed on how to use a toilet ? 
   also i am very pro these people going to the us fuck right off, 
  i knew sweden would have something about cuckolding and finland would have spurdo . 
  does that make me a meme pro ? 
   we in the us dealt with the influx of millions of people for decades and europe was a bit high and mighty about it . 
  i seriously doubt more than like 15 people in europe gave a fuck about mexicans crossing the rio grande . 
  i want to get drunk in croatia, 
  uhhh ... 
  probably 3 years ago when i visited norway sweden and finland, 
  that guy fucks, 
  \\  tfw no qt3 .14 greek gf, 
  for some odd reason that looks like a lot of fun, 
  america yes, 
  ^ translating ^ from ^ american ^ to ^ english : * muh confederate flag , cheeseburgers , obama is a muslim kenyan , 2nd amendment * i know the french love their language but this is getting a bit ridiculous, 
  it 's not . 
  i was making a joke, 
  you 'll be arrested for that hate speech, 
  must be an armenian thing . 
  i do n't know any white , black , asian or hispanic person who does that . 
  i know of no region in the us where this is even remotely acceptable, 
  i 'm trans-irish . 
  check your privilege, 
  norway . 
  the people were friendly and struck up a conversation with me , they even showed me around . 
  i did not expect scandinavians to talk to a stranger . 
  getting haggled by gypsies and prostitutes in oslo was very annoying and almost ruined the first few days i spent in norway . 
  i 'm glad i met some friendly people in bergen and finse , 
  there 's a von steuben statue near where i live . 
  lots of towns and schools named after him as well, 
  and getting fat as fuck on mcdonalds :d, 
  i do n't know . 
  i feel a little better now, 
  americans are shit at geography . 
  i remember 10 years ago when i was in college and i was sitting next to a big fat puerto rican girl who could n't find new zealand on a fucking map . 
  she was laughing and making jokes with her friend about how silly the word `` auckland '' sounded . 
  i think she was actually proud of not being able to find that country . 
  it honestly made me really sad, 
  excuse me ... justin bieber is 100 % canadian, 
  b-but / r/atheism has been telling me for years that only atheists live in europe . 
  got some guns here we can shoot if you 're ever in new york , 
  i bet tumblr would call this `` cultural appropriation '', 
  imagine the republicans and democrats being restricted to a ~ $ 25k campaign budget and no mudslinging commercials on tv . 
  in that moment , i would be euphoric . 
  i am so jaded from clickbait websites like buzzfeed and cracked that i instinctively avoid any article that presents itself as a list, 
  i missed out on the chance to go to lithuania with another army unit . 
  damn . 
  looks like a great country with nice people, 
  i 'm convinced wyoming is n't real, 
  i 'm still here, 
  wow that really does pop up on autocomplete here http://imgur.com/pcugmml, 
  i know this . 
  i was saying that the lederhosen is a german stereotype . 
  go to google.nl and type in german clothing in your language and you 'll see a bunch of bavarian clothing show up that 's all i was trying to say, 
  this perception might have to do with stereotypes . 
  like for instance if i think of french attire i think of a man wearing a beret , or dutch attire i think of someone wearing clogs . 
  also if you type `` german cultural attire '' into google you 'll see an abundance of bavarian clothing . 
  just my thoughts on the matter, 
  yes . 
  hard to convey through text though, 
  i 'm 1/8th scottish * edit : holy shit it was a joke *, 
  i 'm a bit shocked . 
  every british tourist i 've met in the us has been friendly and well mannered, 
   to be fair i do n't think your statement is fair at all, 
  what the hell did we do * this * time ? 
  i 'm a bit ashamed to just learn that the potato is not native to europe . 
  i just assumed the roman legions marched on a diet of cheese and potatoes ... and olives . 
  well thanks for giving away your weakness !, 
  does the author of this article honestly believe that the only way to buy american produce is through big box stores like wal mart ? 
  we have local farmers markets just like any place in europe . 
  i 'm not mad i just think this writer is an idiot .
