  all we require is you change the pronounciation and spelling of `` aluminum '' to american english . 
  oh great , we are being blamed for this too ? 
  scotland please keep them, 
  my computer does n't work now . 
  any ideas ? 
  i wish but canvas.todataurl ( ) does not work if the canvas has images loaded offsite from imgur ... ugh, 
  does anyone know how to convert a < canvas  tag in html5 into an < img  tag ? 
  i tired using canvas.todataurl ( ) but it 's returning a dom exception 18 error in safari . 
  this is most likely because i 'm loading in offsite urls from imgur into my canvas . 
  probably a xss error or something . 
  anyways is it possible to programmatically take a screenshot of a div or canvas tag ? 
  that guy could really draw a nice dick, 
  what americans here are butthurt ? 
  i saw like 1 usa flair upset in this sea of comments . 
  first thing i did when i went to stockholm . 
  truly a breathtaking exhibit, 
  about 4 years ago a drunk german confronted me in a hostel in stockholm and lectured me about george w. bush for half an hour . 
  i have a feeling i might get a few more confrontations in my next trip . 
  it 's obama 's fault, 
  i was actually trying to be funny . 
  i am pretty terrible at jokes as you can tell, 
  mods locking thread in 3 ... 2 ... 
  hmmm i know some of these words, 
  if celebrity endorsements meant anything the democrats would have won, 
  in case you do n't get enough trump drama threads on / r/politics , / r/worldnews and / r/pics you can always count on / r/europe to pick up the slack . 
  kind of off topic but did the winged hussars fight in battle with the wings attached ? 
  naval infantry, 
  any notable slovenian recipes i should know about ? 
  they have a dish called ri\u010det which tastes wonderful, 
  4 more years of news articles exactly like this ... 
  buckle up buckaroos, 
  we have public prayer every inauguration , it 's weird and i do n't like it but it 's nothing new . 
  i do n't recall seeing any complaints about this in 2008 . 
  however i was on digg back then . 
  brrrrrr :d, 
  akis adds cream to his carbonara . 
  i hear italians absolutely hate when people do this . 
  can anyone confirm ? 
  is there a slovenian national dish ? 
  i ca n't find anything on google that gives me a decent answer . 
  the only thing i came up with was ri\u010det, 
  oh come on we produce some awesome hardcore porn sites ... 
  i think . 
  let me go check ... just to make sure ^ ^ ^ ^ brb, 
   chartouni misses that feeling of being trusted as a professional in finland . 
  there , after receiving her teaching timetable at the start of each school year , she would be given the freedom to prepare curriculum-aligned lessons , which matched her preferences and teaching style . 
  `` i wanted to do my best all the time , '' she said , `` because they trusted my skills and abilities . '' yeah say goodbye to that and say hello to an endless circle of bureaucracy and standardized testing . 
  everything american teachers do is dictated from people that work for the state who look at students as only numbers in an excel spreadsheet . 
  no wonder most of us can speak only one language . 
  i was there about 4 years ago and it was an amazing experience . 
  it was the first thing i did when i reached stockholm . 
  was it shameful for women to perform oral sex or only just the men ? 
  my guess is the sample size is so small that 1 murder skews the entire stats for that region, 
  \\  tfw no computer generated austrian gf why live ? 
  [ here are the world stats ] ( https://www.unodc.org/documents/gsh/maps/map_1.2.pdf ), 
  i do n't believe you 've tried polish food, 
  it has nothing to do with why trump is hitler or why sanders would have won . 
  they 'd never upvote this article . 
  i 'm supposed to be receiving a $ 3,600 check in the mail . 
  still have n't got it yet but they say it 's coming, 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  how is this relevant to europe ? 
  why does every / r/europe thread have some comment about americans ? 
  do you guys like us is that it ? 
  hmmmmm ??? 
  they have vending machines for snus in their bars . 
  op is probably a troll, 
  looks awesome !, 
  my secret -- fish oil, 
  all you had to do is read the title of the post and any veteran redditor can accurately guess the top comments . 
  never change reddit, 
  ah yes , interesting to see it visualized, 
  interesting how the poorer countries of europe are more religious . 
  the poorer states in america tend to be a lot more religious as well . 
  there is no need to be upset, 
  you are so unique and intelligent , please tell me how i can be more like you, 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  no one is stopping you from emigrating to europe , unless you have a criminal record . 
  yes i know this . 
  i never implied that europe did n't have flags with these colors, 
  today has been a great day . 
  now excuse me while i go shoot some guns with my red , white , and blue tracer rounds, 
  looks like he had a blast . 
  definitely made some memories that will last a lifetime, 
  finnfucking is illegal in my country :-(, 
  every morning american redditors wake up to european opinions on why our country sucks or that our people are stupid . 
  this is n't a recent occurrence here on reddit , it happens almost every damn day . 
  some of the criticism is warranted , and some of it is hyperbole . 
  either way you look at it anti-americanism on reddit is upvoted daily . 
  this is reddit . 
  stupid shit will sometimes get upvoted . 
  if your blood boils over someone 's opinion on the internet you should stop using reddit for the day . 
  tag , downvote , move on . 
  needs more crying eagles and wolves howling at the moon with at least 3 explosions in the background 2/10 would not fly, 
  the sport is currently plagued with a concussion crisis . 
  many former players live only into their 50s and commit suicide in a way that preserves their brain for study ( many of them shooting themselves in the chest ) . 
  the numerous concussions players suffer often leads to chronic traumatic encephalopathy conditions leading to many horrifying mental conditions . 
  the prevalence of cte in players is so commonplace that the future of the sport is in question . 
  who claimed it was ? 
  / r/europe is better than this shit .
