  that bridge is beautiful !, 
  i 'm so glad it was repaired after the war . 
  augment . 
  that 's the word i meant . 
  what 's the big deal ? 
  the united states helps subsidize eu defense , which improves regional security , which provides a safe environment for economic growth . 
  plus our international training exercises with eu forces gives us both a medium for an exchange of experiences . 
  it seems like a net benefit for both of us . 
  i drank with some serbs when i was in stockholm a few years ago . 
  awesome dudes . 
  super friendly too . 
  this is the most hyperbolic article title i have seen in a while, 
   i 'd set it to semi i hear ya . 
  i 'm paying almost $ 1 per round of 5.56 over here . 
  what percentage of faroese people would you say are able to converse in english ? 
  they would be stabbed within a week, 
   on the other hand my country is literally unaware of this issue which is massive in the west , especially in america i would argue that the word `` massive '' here is a bit of an exaggeration . 
  i 'm willing to bet with confidence that 99 out of 100 americans have never even heard of gamergate . 
  clapping might trigger leftists . 
  they 're probably using jazz hands, 
  i was comparing the sanders/paul circlejerks , not their politics . 
  same shit different election . 
  were you here 8 years ago when everyone was jerking off to ron paul ? 
  the average american redditor is not at all representative of the average american . 
  i 'm sure this standard is the same in europe, 
  typical leftist tactic . 
  calling someone a racist because they value their own culture . 
  this is a thread for ridiculous music videos , not awesome ones . 
  ps - this is the actual [ safety dance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajpau5qytys ) video, 
  as is tradition, 
  the memes are going to become more dank . 
  we cant handle these memes, 
  can i get a hug from someone ? 
  4 years is n't a long time , right ? 
  i wonder what the / r/politics mods will do if trump wins, 
  and the deathclaws, 
  may i ask why ? 
  you want one of your largest trading partners to collapse ? 
  you want trump to win because your schools will get better rankings due to more racism ? 
  it 's been a fun 240 years , boys . 
  we did some cool things during that time , right guys ? 
  right ? 
  * sobs *, 
  i do n't know why these auto makers decided to do this . 
  they know the epa is an agency that has the authority to levy a fine on the magnitude of a king 's ransom . 
  make alexander the great again, 
   it all traced back to this one word , '' says chia suan chong , a uk-based communications skills and intercultural trainer , who did n't reveal the tricky word because it is highly industry-specific and possibly identifiable . 
  ugh ... stopped reading there, 
  oh that 's brilliant, 
  in america the word `` sambo '' is a racist term applied to black people . 
  [ example ] ( http://i.ebayimg.com/images/g/tv4aaosw1zbur0vw/s-l300.jpg ) [ another one ] ( https://victualling.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/sambocollage.jpg ), 
  whatever happens , reddit is going to be a dumpster fire on november 9th . 
  new york did n't get a partner ? 
   tfw no qtpi european partner to conduct security ops with, 
   nebraska you must be from iowa, 
  i do n't think you 've ever been to / pol /, 
  we even have shitamericanssay ... an entire subreddit dedicated to making fun of us ... 
  i feel so important . 
  toughen up indeed, 
  do you feel in charge ? 
  when i was in norway i do n't recall thinking that norwegians sounded stupid when speaking english . 
  in fact they all sounded quite well to me, 
  build it, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uaxdrt3nvye it looked pretty nice in the 50s, 
  what ? 
  she 's not running for president . 
  warren has put her support behind hillary clinton . 
  oh wonderful , this plague is spreading to europe now ? 
  damn bulgarian sorcerers crafting bears, 
  as god intended, 
  probably because the calais migrants are n't such a hot hashtag on twitter anymore . 
  leftists will move on and find another cause to virtue signal . 
  yeah for real . 
  one of the most demonstrably false statements i 've seen on reddit all week . 
  probably a neo nazi . 
  islamists usually do n't surrender edit : it was reported earlier that he surrendered . 
  bbc now says he 's dead, 
  / pol / was right, 
  i hope he enjoys his time in an american prison, 
  just sickening . . rip, 
  as is tradition, 
  shot ? 
  in britain ? 
  i 'm guessing it was a stolen gun or something homemade edit : arcticle mentions at 2:28 the weapon was probably homemade, 
  true . 
  though the game itself does n't look historically accurate anyways, 
  i 'm really annoyed they left france out . 
  i wanted to play as a poilu in red pants and a blue jacket . 
  that was so god damn embarrassing . 
  holy fuck those wounds . 
  i 've recently been reading a book on a french soldier called poilu by louis barthas and these images are really painting a surreal mental image for me . 
  the destructiveness of wwi is absolutely baffling . 
  \\  tfw no croatian gf, 
  til i am finnish, 
  i 'm surprised that i 'm still surprised . 
  i am now worried about germany, 
  i think you 're trying too hard to be outraged over a video game that is n't even trying to be historically accurate, 
  ahh yes let 's blame the americans for a fantasy video game made by the swedes . 
  never change / r/europe, 
  lovely .
