or starship troopers . 
  you shoot a nuke down a ruski hole , you get alot of dead ruskis . 
  true , german-americans are the single largest ethnic group in the usa . 
  they could be paid to build a border fence to keep economic migrants out . 
  soon to be renamed the limblessland caliphate . 
  ... were left in syria . 
  problem solved . 
  well , the uk had the 7/7 bombings . 
  spain had the madrid train bombings . 
  europe has had its share of terrorism and while they are n't on the same scale as 9/11 , it was still horrible . 
  they are still part of nato and trade with the us and the commonwealth . 
  apparently a ` unified response ' is forced refugee quotas and ` action ' is importing an ever increasing number of third world immigrants . 
  hmmm ... slap a bmw logo on the side of the tent . 
  problem solved . 
  execute fatwa 66 . 
  that 's an interesting way of spinning it . 
  less is the more popular answer , but it does n't fit the narrative , so better combine the other two answers to give a false impression . 
  sex is cheap entertainment . 
  sadly someone from my home state here in the usa did something like that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ariel_castro_kidnappings it takes a special type of scumbag to do that to another human being . 
  well , they might bring all sorts of interesting and deadly diseases with them . 
  do n't take any free blankets . 
  denmark does have oil , so yes . 
  freedom incoming . 
  then the reverse will happen , robots will flee as refugees to the middle east , start their own city and then bam , that 's the background plot to the matrix . 
  no happy ending there either . 
  go further north !, 
  those polar bears will welcome them with open arms . 
  well , they did something to your ass , but it certainly was n't saving it . 
  `` russia accepts tribute from western vassals . '', 
  yea , the violence happens in the neighborhoods of the poor immigrants , but do n't worry , plans are in place to import more and more of the poor immigrants . 
  hopefully that will solve the problem . 
  well , no warp drive yet , but we do apparently have subwarp engines : http://www.wired.co.uk/news/archive/2015-07/24/emdrive-space-drive-pluto-mission, 
  a mosque ? 
  you already do have a wall , its called the alps . 
  and years later they split up and one party loses 90 percent of their belongings and money to the other and has to support them entirely for the rest of their life . 
  gibe clay for military base . 
  italy might discover that the collapse of the roman empire was illegal as well . 
  another notch on pod 's belt . 
  recommended by 9/10 whores in king 's landing . 
  if they 've seen the 28 days later films they do . 
  just for gods sake , someone keep the nukes away from that madman gandhi . 
  north korea prints us dollars , they are so perfectly copied as to be considered indiscernible from the real deal . 
  of course , considering its north korea , they committed diplomatic suicide decades ago . 
  a large part of the undying lands kicked you out in 1776 . 
  maybe someone was hanging onto the roof . 
  maybe they are on strike by default and the unions have to vote if they want to work each day . 
  arguably because it has frog dna , its not a t-rex even if it looks like one . 
  it 's a hybrid . 
  looks like a broken finger . 
  best cut the hand off . 
  i never knew our government gave moon rocks to the numerous nations of the world . 
  that 's pretty cool and a nice gesture symbolizing humanities collective ` ownership ' of the moon . 
  just stop at the ural mountains . 
  let china have the rest . 
  well , they come in forest green and desert tan ... 
  how much is 2 world wars and 1 cold war worth ? 
  i heard the catholic church is more skilled at surprise attacks , nobody ever expects them . 
  sometimes you can not separate culture and economics . 
  in many western nations that nature of family has changed as their economies have changed . 
  men are largely no longer considered the primary breadwinners , women have entered the workplace and even put off having children in favor of a career , this can be a temporary delay or a permanent delay . 
  there is also a prolonged adolescence in some nations . 
  people are having children later in their lives so they can fritter away their 20s and even early 30s . 
  people respond to incentives . 
  western europe needs to incentivize having children , then the native population will respond by having more children . 
  this time they wo n't require a passport to roll through belgium on tanks . 
  so hitler botches a roll on improving the german economy and somehow the gm decides that causes ethnic cleansing ? 
  worst gm ever . 
  [ a wise investment . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jitc1fo2ha ), 
  no , not the curtains , lad . 
  all that you can see !, 
  stretched out over the hills and valleys of this land !, 
  [ indeed ( nsfw ? 
  ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzo2mi4uhas ), 
  the number of little sisters that engage in sex with their ` oniichan ' is also much lower than portrayed . 
  if people speak up they are politically , socially and sometimes even economically ostracized for being ` racist ' and going against the group think . 
  the part that breeds the most . 
  the us uses a mixed system of both imperial and metric . 
  the official us government stance is metric , per the metric conversion act . 
  many of our products are labeled with both metric and imperial units . 
  both systems are generally taught in our schools , but the metric system is predominant in the sciences . 
  probably the last time a group of foreign men formed rape squads and harassed and seized women throughout germany was probably during the aftermath of the battle of berlin when the soviet army performed one of the largest mass rapes in recorded history . 
  good bones and sonnets will come to you, 
  maybe with a sssssssssling ? 
  more than one person can fit in a sleigh . 
  maybe it 's like a christmas road trip . 
  baby jesus , santa , little star , little angel and a british taxpayer all hop in the sleigh and take off to bring joy to all the children . 
  certainly not astrophysics . 
  oh he was redistributing wealth alright , probably to several other bank accounts across europe . 
  [ upsurging upsurgifies ], 
  what happens in a cabin in the middle of the woods during the long north american winter stays in a cabin in the middle of the woods during the long north american winter . 
  bromance ? 
  france and the uk are clearly the usa 's mother and father . 
  now , canada and the usa , that is a bromance . 
  i do n't know ... two stags butting heads and locking horns could be called ` sticking together ' , so i guess the description could still stands . 
  yep , marshall plan , all us . 
  i 'm not a kid anymore !, 
  do n't worry big bro still loves ya . 
  [ it 's ] ( http://ghostbusters.wikia.com/wiki/statue_of_liberty ) clearly going there to destroy the [ ghost of a 16th century hungarian warlord ] ( http://ghostbusters.wikia.com/wiki/vigo ) .
