  also , bear in mind that the week during the referendum juncker met with greek opposition parties and many eu officials were asking for a greek government of national unity , or a government of technocrats . 
  signing an agreement with more austerity measures but without the possibility of debt restructure . 
  it will pass with the votes from members of the other pro-austerity parties . 
  her ex embezzled 200 million tax payer euros and is still walking free . 
  the problem is that your conditions are dumb and they will lead to me wanting more money in the future . 
  oh wait maybe they are not dumb after all . 
  any time you hear that tsipras did not bring any proposals , it is safe to assume that the proposal 's were not approved by the institutions . 
  it is a pr trick to put pressure on the greek side . 
  from the top of my head the previous governments increased the age of retirement , cut pensions , cut public sector salaries , fired public sector employees , shut down ngos , privatized airports and ports , increased vat , increased taxes and introduced new taxes . 
  they did not complete the privatizations like electricity and water companies , they did not liberalize the work laws and they did not open proffessions . 
  it 's not that they did n't try though , they did but they were met with resistance from the work force . 
  so , even though previous governments did not do everything to the letter , they did stuff , that led us to where we are today with a gdp shrunk by 30 % and unemployment at 27 % . 
  verhofstadt was a huge proponent of these policies and if i were him i would not have the audacity to wave the finger at tsipras . 
  my argument is that he was in favor of the policies that led us to sleepwalk for five years towards a grexit . 
  did he realize that we were sleepwalking towards a grexit when he supported the previous bailout agreements ? 
  he also implied that samaras and venizelos were corrupt , yet he still supported them . 
  so , his speech was really good , his oratory skills were great . 
  however , we know for a fact that he has supported and worked with the previous governments of greece and yet his first point is that we have been sleepwalking towards a grexit for the last 5 years ? 
  am i alone in finding this statement hypocritical ? 
  because the bailout will come with a reform package . 
  he first needs to agree with troika on all the measures ( pensions , public sector , privatization , taxation ) , and then implement them . 
  greece right now is not a normal country . 
  we do n't have autonomy to push laws in the parliament on our own . 
  we need the approval of the troika first . 
  he ca n't do these structural reforms yet , he needs the agreement of the debtors and the institutions on the whole reform package . 
  but he said that he plans to eliminate all early retirements . 
  the amount of propaganda and misinformation is staggering . 
  my twitter feed , concerning the eurogroup , is completely different . 
  so the media in crimea and donetsk where in favor of the new ukraine government ? 
  muh enlightment, 
  yea he can go the city hall and do it . 
  where does the notion that greece has n't met any of the requirements stem from ? 
  my father 's pension was cut by 40 % . 
  my uncle would be eligible this year since he is turning 60 , but he wo n't be eligible until he turns 67 due to the reforms . 
  ports , airports telecommunications and even the lottery have been privatized . 
  due to all the cuts , greece had domestic surplus of 1.5 % in the end of 2013 due to the all the taxes and the cuts which is the number that the debtors asked for in order to start the talks about debt restructure . 
  however they refused to start negotiations which was the main reason the previous government went to snap elections . 
  become a bank owner then . 
  edit . 
  keep the downvotes coming but it has been shown time and time again even in this subreddit that the entirety of the bailouts has been either given right back to the debtors to pay for previous debts or used to refinance the greek banks . 
  a new deal containing debt restructure / debt relief . 
  that is my dream scenario . 
  from the word `` afstiros '' which now means `` strict '' but in ancient greek meant `` dry '' . 
  what is more ironic is that austerity is also a greek word . 
  suuuuure let 's get one more loan from our friends in brussels then in three years even the yearly payments will be larger than our gdp . 
  this country will end if there is not a debt reform . 
  varoufakis understands this but unfortunately some of my countrymen do not . 
  they will understand it the hard way in a few years . 
  i ca n't find anything that is up to date in english . 
  i could give you an outline though . 
  on pensions and public sector 's wages , we have complete alignment between syriza and the troika with the exception that syriza wants to gradually implement the increase to 67 years until 2025 while troika asks for it to be done until 2022 . 
  on the rest of the measures like cuts on pensions and wages both proposals are the same . 
  on taxation the only difference is that syriza asks farmers to be taxed with 13 % while troika asks for 23 % like the rest of self-employed work force . 
  also , syriza proposes an increase of taxation from 26 % to 29 % for the businesses that have more than 500.000 euro income . 
  troika asks for 28 % . 
  on privatizations both proposals are identical . 
  that 's it basically . 
  i believe that after the referendum an agreement will be met no matter what the outcome of the referendum will be . 
  actually , i have in front of me both the syriza proposal and the troika proposal and the differences are negligible , both containing harsh austerity measures . 
  this referendum is just a trick from tsipras because if the vote turns out to be no he will have public approval to pass his proposal from the greek parliament . 
  europe without greece is like venus de milo without arms . 
  tsipras , varoufakis and the rest of the government would rather kill themselves by jumping from the acropolis hill than sign an agreement that does not include debt restructuring . 
  so either juncker is lying or he does n't know what he is talking about . 
  we were not presented with an option . 
  when papandreou suggested a referendum he was ridiculed by the european leaders and was forced to resign . 
  then , with the blessings of eu , a prime minister of `` national unity '' was appointed . 
  a man named lucas papadimos who is a former goldman sachs banker . 
  we essentially had a dictatorship for 6 months , in order for the loan and the agreement with the imf to be implemented by papadimos . 
  they will catch up if the rumors are true and they have agreed to the terms for the 3rd bailout . 
  perhaps you are not informed that syriza is a new party that has been in governance for 5 months . 
  the actions of the troika and the greek governments during the last 5 years have resulted in gdp shrinking by 30 % and debt to gdp increasing to 185 % . 
  tsipras has failed to negotiate with his eu partners but he is not to blame for the fact that our economy is in shambles . 
  we ca n't fulfill a payment to the imf worth 1.5 billion euros . 
  at 2019-2020 we have payments worth more than 30 billion euros . 
  how the hell are these going to be fulfilled ? 
  with the way things were going the default and grexit was inevitable and it was n't tsipras ' fault . 
  thanks for the laugh mate . 
  last friday daisebloom issued a 48 hour ultimatum to tsipras using the expression `` take it or leave it '' . 
  same day , donald tusk twitted `` game over '' . 
  meanwhile they went behind tsipras ' back , meeting with the leaders of the other greek political parties . 
  after the referendum was announced they lied about supposed `` ongoing negotiations '' . 
  oh and i do n't know if you are just misinformed or you are just lieing , but it is the `` yes '' side that is threatening with decapitations and summary executions for the ones who support the `` no '' vote . 
  they want to work with the parties that bankrupted greece for the last 30 years . 
  syriza is the only party that has no responsibility for this country 's downfall . 
  the previous governments are the ones that are scammers , not syriza . 
  no , there is no time for elections . 
  if tsipras falls someone will be appointed to lead greece during the talks for the new bailout and will probably stay in power for 6-12 months . 
  it is exactly what happened in 2011 . 
  trust me , no greek hates romanians , but the hate i see from them towards us in this subreddit is mind boggling . 
  lol , everyone with a degree is emigrating . 
  are you catholic ? 
  op 's point is to show the hypocrisy of the greek right wing and their media , who did not give a shit about the lines in soup kitchens in the last 5 years and now they have gone batshit crazy because of the lines in atms . 
  no i mean are you serious that everything is cheaper in romania ? 
  i have a friend that studies in bucharest so i know how things are there . 
  with 473 in romania you are in excellent situation . 
  with 473 in greece you cant pay for heating in the winter . 
  implying that 90 % of the greeks can afford a vacation . 
  are you serious ? 
  with 473 euros in greece the only way to survive is by living with your parents . 
  we do n't complain about the age limits .
