  the pedophile looks so stereotypical . 
  to be honest with you , i have n't studied any non abrahamic religion . 
   besides sexism has nothing to do with religion lol get out of here , woman 's sin is a core belief in all abrahamic religions, 
  tsipras is obama 's man through and through . 
  the russophiles were kicked from syriza back in august . 
  well sometimes the line between conservatism and classical liberalism is blurred . 
  european conservatives baffled !, 
  who do they hate more ? 
  leftists or muslims ? 
  we should lend you some of our riot police squads . 
  ever since syriza got elected they have n't had much work to do anyway . 
  ah this is my second favorite nazi apology myth . 
  amerifat pretending to be european pls go, 
  with eu 's blessings, 
  this comment is unfair . 
  not everyone uses social media to see what the kardashians are thinking . 
  wait are you talking about kke or pasok ? 
  liberals and moderates usually distance themselves from both the far left and the far right . 
  reddit however has dropped all pretences and has gone full conservative right wing, 
  the fact that you tolerate nazis is incomprehensible to me . 
  inb4 the fake churchill quote, 
  you are the idiot . 
  what he describes already happens . 
  when you get conscripted you get appointed to a class depending on your weight , your height , your eyesight etc. 
  lmao . 
  i do n't know if op is a racist . 
  he is however a fucking liar . 
  charlie hebdo had posted more than 50 cartoons satirizing islam and mohammed . 
  basically in the whole of europe there has been only one conviction for blasphemy and that was in greece against a guy who satirized a christian saint . 
  http://www.economist.com/blogs/prospero/2015/01/johnson-blasphemy?fsrc=scn/tw/te/bl/ed/dangerouswords so , in eu you are free to make any anti-islam art like anti-islam black metal , without the state censoring you . 
  how is that for an argument ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ns73yzgqgx0 it 's fucking terrible though, 
  taake is an anti-islam black metal band . 
  there are many more individual anti-islam black metal songs . 
  there are dozens of black metal bands from middle east nations . 
  you try to sound intellectual but you are ignorant of the matter . 
  90s black metal and its lyrics has its roots on the romantic and the mysticism movement which were anti-christian . 
  islam was irrelevant and not part of the picture then . 
  when black metal attacks christianity , it attacks the period fro 200ad to 800ad when europe was taken over by christians ( according to their point of view ) . 
  they are not calling for the death of christians of the 21st century . 
  try to find other examples for your anti-islam rhetoric because you do n't know anything about black metal . 
  you will get an aneurysm if you ever find out what socialism really is . 
  `` there are many who do not know they are fascists but will find it out when the time comes . '', 
  greece - crisis management, 
  wait a minute what 's going on here ? 
  although he is a christian and against church/state separation you call him a communist ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  all religions despise homosexuality . 
  gays in athens are frequently harassed by golden dawn members . 
  there was an incident recently where they threw acid and broke a man 's leg . 
  this professor is either an anti-austerity left wing nut or the media have completely skewed his findings . 
  44 % seems pretty high . 
  some definitions of racism also include discriminatory behaviors and beliefs based on cultural , national , ethnic , caste , or religious stereotypes . 
  his point was that turkey invades greek airspace all the time but the one time russians invade theirs they shoot it down , ergo hypocrites . 
  my point is that greek fighter jets also invade turkish airspace all the time but the turks never shoot at them , ergo they are not hypocrites , it 's just that the situation at syrian border is comletely different since there 's a fucking civil war going on . 
  fyi greek fighter jets violate turkish airspace just as much . 
  for the same reason that even though the swastika is a buddhist symbol , if you see a skinhead witha swastika tatoo then he is probably a neonazi . 
   and i ask , why these men do not fight for their country 's freedom against the islamic state ? 
  lmao that 's like asking why didnt the greek civilians stay and fight kemal in izmir back in 1922 . 
  i can clearly hear the whistling and the booing . 
  the competitiveness of free market capitalism has led people , men and women alike , to lead lives where children are seen as a burden . 
  you would n't want to live in byzantine empire though . 
  why did n't the civilians in bataclan stay and fight the islamist terrorists ? 
  i saw many able bodied men in their twenties running away for their lives . 
  why did n't they stay and fight ? 
  from my experience , holocaust deniers are people who , while they deny holocaust when in public , they secretly travel to auschwitz to take smirking selfies . 
  i 'd say they appealed more to the people who liked their macho mentality . 
  for instance their promise that they would go in the parliament and `` kick ass '' figuratively and literally . 
  funnily they are n't . 
  they guy in the middle of the second photo is the brother of the guy in the first photo . 
  no their first appearance as golden dawn was during a nationalist rally in 1992 . 
  their numbers soared due to the 2009 greek crysis . 
  the immigrant issue came afterwards . 
  and yes they support the `` movie nazis '' as you call them seeing as they celebrate hitler 's birthday and their leaders look like [ this ] ( https://icantrelaxingreece.files.wordpress.com/2013/09/kasidiaris.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://www.blic.rs/data/images/2013-12-12/411487_cetnik-grcka03_ff.jpg?ver=1386865486 ) and [ this ] ( http://www.mixanitouxronou.gr/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/xrysi-augi_nazi-_papas-mihaloliakos2.jpg ), 
   there has n't been nazis for close to 70 years now and only relevance they have today is as the main villain in movies . 
  lol . 
  we have a nazi party in our parliament with 7 % of the vote . 
  because a large part of greek society agreed with the nazis on the matter of jews . 
  greece used to be a very antisemitic country back then . 
  i dont ' t defend the politicians . 
  i defend democracy and the rule of law . 
  the public lynchings that you wish to happen have no place in a democratic country and only belong in fascist and fundamentalist states . 
  these things you wish to happen fall under the category of nationalist populism which is the first stage of fascism . 
  you heard the expression `` ad hominem and then you repeat it like a parrot . 
  you complain about ad hominems and yet you waste half this text insulting me . 
  if you want to witness public lynchings then relocate to saudi arabia or go join isis . 
  now begone with you . 
  we voted those politicians . 
  we all `` stole '' from the excessive lending . 
  this guy was voted in the parliament by tens of thousands of greeks so you should prepare to hang them as well . 
  you might say you do n't care about labels but you are just a violent fascist thug . 
  why would you support the beating of a politician by neonazi thugs ? 
  golden dawn supporter detected, 
  not in greece, 
  i believe your experience in brigading in reddit will be very helpful in the coming war . 
  careful not to rip your stockings ( greek expression ), 
  in ancient athens there were 400 slaves for every one citizen . 
  bitch i am the expert on slave trading . 
  so you actually believe that there will come one day that a woman feminist hitler will lead white men into gas chambers ? 
  hahahaha i ca n't fucking breathe .
