there is no left in europe . 
  w e s t e r n t o l e r a n t v a l u e s, 
  settlers and immigrants are different things . 
  you do n't make any sense . 
  is it also bolshevik when father scheuble decides against debt relief for greece and then all the eu members follow ? 
  eu is liberal both on economic matters and on social matters . 
  socially liberal is perceived as left wing . 
  economically liberal is perceived as right wing . 
  so every one can find something to complain about . 
  * slovak pm defiant over vote to relocate migrants . 
  ` as long as i am pm , migrant quotas will not be implemented in slovakia . 
  * i remember how adamant the slovak pm was during the greek crisis that greece should not be permitted to break any rules . 
  [ ferdinand porsche explaining to adolf hitler how volkswagen will cheat emissions inspections forever ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pbewhsp.png ), 
  founded by ferdinand porsche . 
  nevermind that justinian reconquered rome just 40 years after that . 
  that 's not what they mean though . 
  but they already have the same culture . 
  did you know that hitler privatized the 4 major german banks ? 
  ok , but in the grand scheme of things did n't he stay true to his cause until the end ? 
  the difference is that golden dawn has killed and injured people . 
  has fp\u00d6 done anything like that ? 
  the communist and fascist ( sic ) are 12.6 % of the parliament . 
  in what way did hitler lie ? 
  daily reminder that kos , the island that was `` hit '' the most by the migrants gave 42 % to syriza . 
  which is pretty logical considering how much the locals profited from the migrants . 
  edit . 
  seems that it '' s normalizing at 36.5 % right now , still more than the average, 
  i do n't see why / r/europe is so upset with this article . 
  inb4 nothing happens, 
  young people need to be working so that old people can get their pensions . 
  `` free movement of capital is fine , free movement of people is not '' the hypocrisy of the conservative . 
  some nice `` christian values '' comments right there, 
  you are wrong . 
  orthodox dogma states that the testaments are the words of god written through the hands of men . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the same in catholic dogma . 
   living on the greek isles  poor people pick one, 
  regular people can be racist too . 
  your presumptions might be wrong . 
  from what i can see in my country , only the far right holds the opinion that `` they are cowards who are fleeing instead of fighting '' . 
  then explain to me how `` the jews did this '' is not racist . 
  `` the jews did this '' is not racism ? 
  `` inferior brown barbarians will destroy proud white culture '' is not racism ? 
  these are just standard / pol / you know, 
  i thought finland had the best education in the world . 
  lmao . 
  there was a comment that was saying `` western civilization is coming to an end '' that had 150 upvotes and a `` the jews did this '' ( ~ ~ ironically ~ ~ unironically ) with +200 . 
  and in a post about a cartoon with a message of treating the refugees as humans all the top comments were about evil propaganda , stalin and brainwashing . 
  edit . 
  unironically instead of ironically . 
  this subreddit has gone down the shitter . 
  it 's like reading youtube comments . 
  these cartoons are literally hitler !, 
  are you guys banned from twitter ? 
  why the fuck do you complain ? 
  dude this is not a hollywood movie . 
  during nazi occupation in greece there were only 30.000 active resistance fighters and they had limitless support from the soviets and the english . 
  you ca n't just get up and fight . 
  you need logistics , you need money , weapons , leadership . 
  by your logic , why did n't the jews fight and they just left everything and walked into the warsaw ghetto ? 
  lmao, 
  you are not answering the question . 
  who should they fight for ? 
  assad who has killed more than one million civilians ? 
  isis ? 
  the kurds ? 
  there is nothing left for them to fight for . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/surprised-that-syrian-refugees-have-smartphones-well-sorry-to-break-this-to-you-but-youre-an-idiot-10489719.html  according to the cia world factbook in 2014 syria had 87 mobile phones per 100 of the population , compared to egypt 's 110 per 100 ( the uk has 123 per 100 people ) . 
  i 'm still waiting for you to justify why your brother in law offers undeclared black market employment . 
  especially in this subreddit where we 've had our fellow europeans waving their finger to us because of such practices . 
  what 's so funny about refugees having smartphones ? 
  they did n't just climb down from trees you know , they had possessions back home . 
  you know what 's funny though ? 
  locals asking for 3 euros to charge said smartphone . 
  you know what else is funny ? 
  your brother in law offering undeclared `` black market '' employment . 
  greeks never change eh ? 
  she has the `` i want to speak to the manager '' haircut . 
  `` they smell bad , my life is over '' . 
  lmao i 'm not the original poster . 
  you ca n't read nicknames , no wonder you ca n't understand more complex sentences . 
  we should care because this is how wars happen . 
  especially in the balkans . 
  i am the ceo of this tv station and your comment offends me . 
  and you skipped reading comprehension, 
  they do n't plan on an invasion because it would be impossible but in their schools they are taught that the greek part belongs to them . 
  i am not a nationalist . 
  my problem is not about the geographical dispute . 
  my problem is with the rewriting of history that they are trying to do , that the ancient makedon was not a greek kingdom but a slavic ( ? ), 
  one . 
  that would be true if they did n't claim that the greek part belongs to them . 
  if mexico had a civil war and one of the states that this war would produce decided to call itself texas , what would usa do ? 
  ah / r/europe , the place where settlers , immigrants and refugees are one and the same . 
  yeah some years ago we played soccer and they put something like a sticker on top of the `` mkd '' replacing it with fyrom . 
  today it was just a black rectangle though . 
  i found it very funny , north korea level of censorship . 
  greek tv censored the `` mkd '' abbreviation in the fyrmacedonia vs greece match . 
  `` surely if we shove our heads into the sand it will go away right guys ? '', 
  if that were true , england would be the best european basketball team . 
  i do n't know why the graph does not show them . 
  they are polling at around 4-5 % .
