well the difference is that uk is ( almost ) out of eu , so a shift to the left even major there is a domestic issue - melenchon would have meant at the very least a big eu-wide crisis ( one of his first measures would have been to unilaterally ignore eu treaties ) , and possibly the end of the eu . 
  nothing of the sort is at stake with corbyn . 
  also because of that , i could be wrong , but i ca n't imagine corbyn having much if any influence on political opinions in eu . 
  as for language everyone will continue to use english regardless , and it 's more due to the weight of the us . 
  ok but seen from here these seem like tactical differences , more shades of grey than a major change . 
  why would it have a big effect outside uk ? 
  it will impact uk growth and eu-uk trade so of course there 's a potential impact , but that is not huge for eu ? 
  does corbyn still say he would not apply nato article 5 ? 
  other than that what would be the main changes he 'd make ? 
  brexit or not , uk is an important ally in defense , would that change ? 
  edit : also , regarding brexit , is his stance very different from may 's - does he want to remain in single market with 4 freedoms ? 
  he did n't specify but previously rt and/or sputnik relayed several false rumors and insinuations about his sex life , his personal finances and campaign financing , as well as suggestions by assange that the clinton emails would reveal unspecified compromising things on him . 
  yes if others agree that 's an option . 
  not sure what 's the scope there given that there are already sanctions in place . 
  best would be un action should russia agree . 
  i was thinking of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/y6uhyemqvco ) but the video you linked gave me a really good laugh , thanks , 
  fair point , though a number of them did n't necessarily agree with her positions , some of that vote was more a rejection of macron seen as the new face of the political system that failed us for so long . 
  whether he proves to be just that or not will change these votes . 
  currently the dynamic is not in favour of fn , she started the campaign polling close to 30 , got 21 in the first round , and is now polling at 18 for parliament . 
  of course this is just now , tomorrow they could very well rebound strongly . 
  the german military does participate in overseas operations . 
  they just ca n't react quicly as merkel needs parliament 's approval before moving . 
  indeed and obviously he chose his words carefully . 
  still it 's hard to imagine a retaliation which would not involve some kind of military action in syria . 
  a strongly worded letter to assad would look a little underwhelming after such words : ), 
  you 're right on both counts - this is n't something to be complacent about , and if macron does n't succeed ( and it 's a pretty big task he has ) , the fn could be in great shape in 2022 . 
  perhaps it 's just me , i ca n't think of her now without the image of that weird '' ... dans nos campaaaagnes ... '' voodoo dance she did coming to mind . 
  i 'm sure that disaster was n't planned though , and i believe it actually ruined her chances of appearing as leader of the opposition - even nda ran away from her and went on tv explaining he was never allied with her . 
  oh i 'm not certain - and without that debate i would n't have doubted it . 
  as for the fn it 's indeed likely , although there is also a possibility that it splits , as well as lr , giving rise to a smaller fn and a conservative popular right party joining part of fn , dlf , and the right wing of lr - the liberal wing of lr with udi forming a center-right pole . 
  `` let 's count to 5 !, 
  article one , article two ... '', 
  hey whatever works  though with trump i 'm not too optimistic anything will work . 
  i agree , also part of the positive reactions in france during the last week is that he behaves just the way we expect a french president to do on the world stage - which is more appreciated after the last two who in different ways did not quite meet that expectation . 
   hope to see more . 
  actions too . 
  sure this was just a first meeting , it helps frame a future relationship and display some symbols , not much more . 
  it was well done , that 's all . 
  also france or even europe wo n't solve anything alone , do n't expect miracles but do n't dismiss incremental progress or a small nudge in the right direction . 
  thanks for the link , yes my memory reveals my ageing neurons , 
  more precisely , they spread hard lies about macron during the campaign , lost their accreditation over it , and the journalist from rt he replied to was complaining about it . 
  that would be fox news , trump does n't watch cnn . 
  i 'm sure he will if asked about it like he was here , if fox spreads some fake news about him during an election . 
  while i agree it 's not a huge thing , if as you say he just did what others should have but failed to do for a long time , in itself that sounds pretty good . 
  other than that would you have a reference to that incident with the greek pm ? 
  this vaguely rings a bell but i ca n't remember what it was . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-europe-shield-iduskcn0yi2er ) , dunno how i forgot that . 
  i do n't know ... 
  the secound round debate was so damaging for her it will be hard to shake off that image , now engraved in the mind of every viewer . 
  maybe she wo n't be the one representing the fn in 2022 . 
  or merkel has had to deal with trump 's shit for several months and just ca n't take it any more - her visit in dc must have been an ordeal and now he comes in europe and repeats the same bullshit about owing money , germany bad cuz they sell cars , behaves like a boar and ca n't formulate a sensible thing about climate ... macron just met him he still has some reserves of patience for the child-prez . 
  true , though the roles were reversed in their respective commments about trump at the g7 - merkel 's unusually blunt `` this guy is hopeless , our talks were a disaster '' ( ok ok she was not _ that _ blunt but as close as diplomatically possible ) vs macron 's `` he 's pragmatic , i 'm hopeful he 'll change his positions '' . 
  there 's infighting in their ranks but they did n't disband , and they 're polling close to their first round results . 
  but in any case they did n't stand a chance to play kingmaker - only lr has hopes of playing such a role , although that would require some reversal of the trend in the polls . 
  the fact that the allies decided that naval blockade and general mobilisation without initiating major land operations was the appropriate course of action at that time may have been a serious error , but assimilating this with doing nothing is quite a distortion . 
  sep 1st . 
  germany attacks poland sep 2nd france issues ultimatum to germany demanding evacuation of polish territory sep 3rd france declares war to germany whether or not they cared about poland , france did n't wait for a year doing nothing . 
  maybe , but if he shows a true commitment to structural reform , privatisation , and deregulation , he could well win a laffer curve argument for tax cuts . 
  agreed , if the only issues are past nepotism in his party , the fact that his father is disliked , and unproven allegations , this hardly disqualifies him . 
  but is there any party in greece without nepotism issues past or present ? 
  thanks for the explanations - it 's nice to hear about some prospects for greece to truly move forward . 
  just looked him up , he also seems sensible and pragmatic . 
  but you have to wait till 2019 right ? 
  i heard at some point there was talk of early elections but it seems unlikely if tspiras is trailing in the polls ... 
  sounds promising - does he have good prospects at the polls ? 
  he he ... i 'm thinking macron might ask for putin 's assistance in identifying and arresting the people based in russia who participated in the cyberattacks against his campaign : ), 
  is there a way politically to do just that ? 
  yeah you could say that , and in terms of success ( and age ! ), 
  more comparable indeed , but is bernie really that far left ? 
  i mean , melenchon would raise income tax to 90 % above 400k $ / year , nationalize energy companies and airports , increase public spending to 70 % of gdp ... can bernie really compete with that ? 
  to be fair its not really a grand colation or national unity , since the only parties participating as such are en marche and modem . 
  others joined the government individually , and the platform is strictly macron 's ( with a slight addition from modem ) , not a coalition platform . 
  not quite  more like tony blair . 
  or barack obama . 
  our bernie sanders would be more like hamon maybe ( ps , opposed to.macron ), 
  correct , darmanin ( budget ) is also lr ( but a sarkozyst , significantl more to the right than lemaire or philippe ) . 
  i ca n't imagine who is the second radical leftist in his government though , hulot ok ( though he is not really from a party and is ecologist , radical left likes him but he is n't really in that group ) , but who else ? 
  edit : oh got it - thats radical as in ` parti radical de gauche ' , which is actually a center left party despite its name . 
  not really , i 'd say fairly run of the mill christian democrats , moderate center-right with a significant social component . 
  true , whatever the actual success he will have at exercising power , he has already proved very impressive as a master of conquering it . 
  the ` pretty boy - former banker - media bubble ' has left many a seasoned politician biting dust . 
  they 'll be elected on a separate list ( supported by rem ) , and sit in their own group in the assembly ( if they get 15 + mps ) . 
  the projection referred to by / u/bumaye94 does give the split : em : 410 lr : 79 lfi : 32 modem : 18 fn : 16 udi : 15 ps : 6 pcf : 1 they also have an alternate projection with different assumptions , still giving an absolute ( but narrow ) majority to rem alone . 
  i do n't know how reliable these are - the election runs on 577 districts with 2 round majority voting and there are lots of local factors , plus the campaign has n't yet officially started . 
  but if lr can not find a way to reverse momentum , it looks promising for macron . 
  lr does have some cards to play - they can convincingly argue that while they share a lot of macron 's goals , his platform is weak on reduction of taxes and spending , where theirs is more agggressive - and the french will be better off with a lr/udi + rem/modem coalition leading to an amended program instead of giving macron a blank check . 
  so far however , lr 's message is a bit confused , they do not all agree on one stance and in some ways there is more opposition between lr 's left and right wings than between lr left wing and rem ... one issue is that half of lr is very willing to go for a coalition , the other half not so much - more likely than not they ll split into two groups after the elections ... all this plus opposing a pm from their own party will make their campaign difficult . . 
  if it continues this way macron could indeed win big . 
  yeah i do n't think robots will fully replace nurses any time soon - however seeing them play a growing role as adjuncts - thus reducing the number of nurses needed , but also giving them more time for the relational/psychological aspect of health care - could well be in the cards . 
  actually some of that psychological aspect might also be helped by robots ( e.g. 
  ai based interactive companion/watcher robots for the elderly ) same for social workers - they 're not going to replace them , but introducing helper robots could increase their productivity . 
  i do n't think le maire will have much leeway to deviate from macron 's platform , but i see him as a reassuring figure in terms of how he will implement it . 
  he is slightly more classical liberal/less interventionist than macron which is a good thing . 
  one important subject which he defended as part of his and fillon s program and is included ( without any details ) in macron 's is the goal to simplify a lot of regulations that enmesh french economic life in an administrative web particularly damaging for small and medium size companies - i would tend to trust him to do that seriously ( unlike hollande whose announced `` shock of simplification '' translated into nothing noticeable , each simplification being seasoned _ \u00e0 la hollandaise _ by an accompanying 20 pages of exceptions and ending at best in marginal results ), 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  he could have added one more - beyond that , given that there are only 11 politically affiliated ministers ( 12 countimg the pm ) he could not have achieved a balance between right , center and left . 
  interesting , thanks . 
  found this too : http://www.davy.ie/private-clients/insights/marketwatch/2016/ireland-in-2016-housing-remains-the-big-challenge.html which also points to building costs being pushed up by social housing requirements ( something we also have very much in france as well as a huge body of regulations about everything from energy efficiency to accessibility or `` renter protection '' , all contributing to reduce supply ) . 
  the issue we have here is that there is ( a ) a lot of soft support for apparently `` progressive '' policies , and ( b ) very low level of economic education which means many voters have no understanding of the indirect consequences of such rules . 
  perhaps , as long as sovereignty is preserved .
