  the federalization of ukraine , its military neutrality could , in these negotiations , if passions yield to reason and the interests of all , to encompass the recently disclosed , and suddenly neglected project of austrian diplomacy on the establishment of `` a free trade area from lisbon to vladivostok . '', 
  according to this plan , it would be ukraine has become a major link in connecting european union and the eurasian union as a political dreamers something called the `` union of fate . '', 
  now that the eu , russia and the united states made in the ukrainian lava volcanoes worldwide are required courage and vision of leaders as he was general de gaulle . 
  let us remember . 
  germany was divided , europe was divided into two hostile military alliances , the cold war between the united states and the soviet union was at its peak , and the french president , first in strasbourg and then on the red square in moscow , gazing into the future , he exclaims : `` united europe of atlantic to the urals will determine the fate of the world '' . 
  brave recognition that , in germany , austria , france , italy , across the eu , more like the voice of reason and hope . 
  a crimea , what about him ? 
  without anger and bias . 
  ukrainians know that the crimea , from catherine the great to the 1954 , was part of russia and that russia has not lost in 1954 , but it was the communist moscow , as if it is an apple , gave `` brotherly ukraine . '', 
  nikita khrushchev gave it to soviet republic where he was born , and vladimir putin , the real historic property back to the owner . 
  probably contrived and unnecessary , because the crimea , and as part of ukraine , was predominantly inhabited by russians and hub for the black sea fleet of russia . 
  military neutral and federalizovana ukraine , linking the eu with russia , could , why not , with moscow agreements and specific redaction recent decision on joining of crimea , a peninsula so it becomes a link restoration of historical inseparability between russia and ukraine , russians and ukrainians . 
  not going to happen . 
  the radio frequencies are full and not any political support from any side at the moment . 
  also it 's against our law and policies . 
  lukashenko might have some inside information that putin might not be in power for too long . 
  there are some very pissed off oligarchs in russia nowadays . 
  just speculating . 
  the stuff is already on the border . 
  there is over 20.000 russian army soldiers ( some reports say even 40k + ) there and they can easily pick up the `` humanitarian aid '' there . 
  270 trucks is actually not much in military terms , it 's roughly four days supplies for a brigade ( ~ 4.000 soldiers ) . 
  russia has moved ammo , weapons , armoury , ifv 's , food , fuel , water etc. 
  already with trains ( much faster , cheaper and secret ) near the border and the trucks will load there . 
  it will also save a lot in tires , fuel and time to drive those trucks empty . 
  270 trucks is a 27km long column and will cause major traffic problems , especially in russia . 
  in a long march there will be ~ 10 % vehicle losts depending on weather , accidents and other shit . 
  the condition of russian roads are not so good . 
  edit : example of russian roads . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=una5yn1mqcq#t=87 if the russians are on good attentions , they will have had a major media happening with putin himself blessing the `` humanitarian aid '' in a live tv show with steven segall 's lousy blues and the french actor depardieau dancing with a bear in obelix costume ... seriously , russia needs all the good pr it can get . 
  but this is n't it . 
  they even did n't bother to contact the real international red cross about this , they blatantly lied about it with the mouth of foreign minister lavrov . 
  they lied to everybody , again . 
  and west media swallowed the hook ... almost . 
  this is an attempt to hastily bring support to strelkov and his separatists . 
  they are nearly surrounded and the donetsk is falling . 
  the separatists have corridors still open at the border and there is no sign of major humanitarian crises is east-ukraine . 
  here is the situation map from yesterday : http://i.imgur.com/ygg4nwi.jpg from  http://www.reddit.com/r/ukrainianconflict/comments/2d8xm1/map_of_the_situation_in_eastern_ukraine_august/ there is some really good close up information there , peoples from donetsk . 
  luhansk etc. 
  reporting inside what 's happening . 
  that was the era after ww2 and ussr . 
  we were forced to lick that butt . 
  now we have freedom . 
  yes . 
  putin may have not time to wait till winter . 
  there is pressure gaining inside russia also ... 
  and join nato . 
  they are trying to scare us because the nato support is rising fast ? 
  very possibly . 
  after all it 's hard to bribe with rubles ... 
  okay , enough , people listen : if russia would really send humanitarian aid in good attentions and really work with red cross they would have huge media happening with all possible news channels , internet and stuff , a band playing and free russian champagne for journalists and free opportunity to film and take picts of the contents etc. 
  to get all the good pr and make their image look like an angel . 
  but this has not happened and even red cross is not giving straight answers ... you have been warned . 
  this is it . 
  edit : here is a video filmed of that `` convoy '' , white painted military vehicles without red cross insignias , actually not insignias at all and russian soldiers in military uniforms just across a military base . 
  here is a video before they have changed their clothing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x72amoyfn-m, 
  by making these ships finland is helping russia to strengthen its oil and gas business . 
  also these ships can keep harbours open 24/7 and russian navy use those ports up in north . 
  also these ships can be used as platforms for various things . 
  and also by building these ships france can say `` hey , finns are doing ships also to russians , we will deliver our mistrals then . '', 
  and besides , what 's the use with a trading partner that bans our food production and then orders ships ? 
  why do we let russia to stir our economy ? 
  does russia have political connections to this order ? 
  is this order actually meant to be a one , like `` now we can get the mistrals , then cancel this ship order ... '' this is like someone hitting you , then giving a lollipop ... 
  i have been following closely this ukraine crises and i 'm deeply concerned about my children 's future . 
  because you do n't seem to understand that i 'm a finn , here is a picture of me : http://i.imgur.com/bslf8w2.jpg and yes i have russian friends who mainly are wiggling their heads under great stunning what they see and hear from moscow . 
  if you think somebody is scared of `` evil communist russia '' , then you are delusional . 
  we are more disappointed and betrayed . 
   i wo n't even bother to respond ... but you did ... * just looked at your user count . 
  it 's meaningless to argue with you , troll . 
  * edit : http://m.dw.de/english/mobile.a-17848531-9097.html  `` trust in russia has reached rock bottom '', 
  yes . 
  first they play nice and trustworthy , make you dependable of their gas and oil , then they start blackmailing you and demanding more land . 
  `` funny '' thing is that they use that money from europe to build up their military ... 
  russia : mickey rourke wears putin tee proudly in moscow https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hekvyatxjhc another desperate actor jumping on the putin wagon ... 
  it means that all over the globe , except pjongyang , putin has managed to made himself `` putler '' . 
  and all he can blame is the `` nazi-kiev-gayrope '' propaganda that has backfired right to his public image . 
  also crimea , the internet shit in russia , sanctions , arrogance , attitude towards ukraine , constant military cockiness , rhetoric etc. 
  he has managed to miscalculate hard the power of internet , global communities , west and other things . 
  and because russia supports putin with over 80 % of the population , people ( the average joe ) in the globe are putlerizing the russians . 
  i myself is not doing that , i have many russian friends and can see deeper than this but the sad truth is that this it how it goes . 
  it needs to be refrigerated . 
  like any other butter . 
  that can be a small shelf of a larger cold room or something . 
  here or there , everywhere is russian now putler . 
  and for a good reason . 
  the media around this have been arranged very poorly . 
  the russians have been launching media from this 24 hours before any confirmation from red cross or other nations statements . 
  that started an avalanche of wild speculations of an invasion , which has been done btw under these pre-texts before . 
  did russians started to launch media about this before things were ratified ? 
  did they tried to steal this pr or make it look like one-sided ? 
  or perhaps to provoke action ? 
  what did happen during this ? 
  and still , when is this `` convoy '' ready , what does it consist of ( military ? 
  russian military vehicles ? 
  civilians ? 
  etc. ), 
  and when does it go in ? 
  press , do your job , please !, 
  edit : found a video of the convoy getting ready : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x72amoyfn-m military vehicles painted white , without red cross insignias . 
  and russian soldiers .
