  why people are n't burning themselves in other countries then ? 
  and the energy prizes are going to rise much more next winter when russia starts using it 's gas and oil weapon . 
  and every nation decides and controls it 's own energy prizes by using taxation and subsidies . 
  also people can produce electricity by themselves with solar , wind and water . 
  if the income in bulgaria is n't enough to pay bills , then it is the matter of bulgarian government . 
  eu is n't soviet union , every nation has power to make its own decisions . 
  oh , looks like the problem is in bulgaria after all : http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-14-922_en.htm  antitrust : commission sends statement of objections to bulgarian energy holding for suspected abuse of dominance on bulgarian wholesale electricity market it 's your government that 's ripping your people off . 
  not eu . 
  eu does n't sell electricity . 
  it is bulgarian power companies who do it . 
  and it is bulgarian government that adds taxes . 
  and if people are so dumb that they burn themselves over some electricity bill , the problem is some where else . 
  maybe if the bulgarian corruption wo n't be such a huge problem , people could afford to much more than electricity . 
  bulgarian people should start looking to the mirror and wonder if there is something wrong before blame eu . 
  bulgaria is also in nato . 
  why should nato provide security to bulgaria if they are not willing to correct their own country instead blaming others ? 
  ca n't pay electric bill  kill yourself  blame eu . 
  every young people want to go abroad to work / hangout etc. 
  for awhile . 
  that 's nothing surprise . 
  but in this poll was the educated people wanting to leave . 
  you got any source for those numbers ( 4million ) ? 
  here is a map of the situation : http://i.imgur.com/f3rtx8z.jpg you can see the separatists are controlling almost 100km of the ukraine-russia border . 
  it is easy to smuggle things over . 
  and they are doing it . 
  just wondering when isis hits russia ? 
  or is their muslim population so different ? 
  the '' [ finlandization ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finlandization ) '' comes from the ussr era when finland was quite literally under the moscow thumb . 
  finland was under constant threat of being occupied by ussr and there was a huge mass of red army divisions , nukes , air-force etc. 
  just behind the border , over the baltic sea in estonia , latvia , lithuania , belorussia ... 
  there was 17 divisions in leningrad military district , 11 divisions in baltics , 12 in belorussia ... and these were only the land forces . 
  now there is 6 brigades in leningrad military district . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leningrad_military_district http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_military_district http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belorussian_military_district that moulded hugely our politics and we were forced to lick moscow 's butt . 
  but we also tried to keep doors open to west as wide as possible . 
  and this whole shit divided our nation , not so much as ussr wanted , but still so much that the marks are still here . 
  gladly it is mostly the old leftists who are tripping in the nostalgic cheap vodka leningrad nights , but they are coming really rare and silent . 
  the reason why politicians now are looking like licking moscow 's butt is economy . 
  there are persons like ex-prime minister paavo lipponen who is working for gazprom , just like gerhard schr\u00f6der from germany . 
  and many others . 
  the russian business has cleverly chosen `` old friends '' to work for them and they still have some influence in political circles . 
  the media is working for business circles also and that could be seen ie . 
  in the russian nuclear plant deal ( which is not ratified and will not be ) . 
  funny thing is that the circles that during the cold era ( right wing , business sector etc. ), 
  called the other as `` finlandizated '' ( * suomettuneiksi * ) aka moscow butt lickers , are now those butt lickers . 
  and probably for the same reason : money . 
  but that situation has changed rapidly in 8 months . 
  russian military activity has increased hugely at our borders after maidan and people have waken from the princess dream . 
  we are having parliament elections in 8 months and the government now is and was impotent to make any decisions ( imho it was one of the worst governments ever in finland ) or discussions about finnish future or nato . 
  also the rise of basic finns ( ukip , le pen kinda party ) is stirring up the pot but they have also lowered their tone and facing the reality . 
  it 's sad that they played straight to putins pocket , most of them unknowingly . 
  the vibes in the street levels are quite realistic . 
  the russian influence has n't touch that level much and there is no russian speaking population like in baltics . 
  the russians here are mostly well educated , liberal and working or studying . 
  they come mainly from st peterburg area and are wealthy ( owns datcha , vacations , shopping tourism etc. ) . 
  but they have become silent and scary , they understand the level of propaganda in russia because they can see things through our media which is still quite good and objective . 
  also internet is the thing where people dig their news and information , radio and tv is for mostly older people and entertainment ( big brother , survivors , funny hornevideos , lottery , talent , idols , sports and formula 1 etc. ) . 
  while the nato support numbers are looking low ( < 30 % ) the reality is that many of those who oppose it are still flooding in the `` good old system , do n't change anything '' thinking and can change over night . 
  and they are . 
  if we get some support from sweden , norway and eu etc. , the people would gladly join nato . 
  because it is going to be 100 % sure that russia is trying to prevent that thing from happening by all means , some says that even with war . 
  but we ca n't be frightened . 
  we are an sovereign , independent nation that makes its own decisions . 
  and we are eu . 
  we are west . 
  our borderline with russia is eu 's borderline with russia . 
  our geopolitical location is n't the best possible but goddamn perkele it is our geopolitical position . 
  and we are getting tired of being wiggled by russia . 
  we would like to be like estonia and norway , our good neighbours , part of the nato . 
  and we have an real army and will . 
  we do n't need usa to send their boys to die here against russia , we just need support . 
  we have fighters , tanks , artillery , air-defence , navy , elint and cybershit and we have 200.000 + strong army in two weeks when needed . 
  also we can turn this land to hell for any invaders and secure eu from this sector . 
  we would also be an awesome reinforcement to arctic war stuff and promise to teach you how to drink russians under the table ...  with love from finland . 
  ( oh shit ... sorry for longness of my writings ... ) ** tl : dr ** old days commie finland dead now , wan na join nato , can we into ? 
  ... just read your comment history . 
  another weird pop-up account suddenly getting alive after few months and starting to sprout whattaboutism and demanding proof and other shit . 
  waste of time shill ... ( read your other post , the one with `` ukrainia shoot down mh17 ! '', 
  raw google translation : what is antievropsko , antiukrajinsko and antidemocratic in a requirement to ukraine federalizuje ? 
  ukrainian russians and russia call for greater cultural , economic and political autonomy of the existing ukrainian regions . 
  i demand that , in the whole country , official languages are ukrainian and russian . 
  the degree of decentralization of power which is required under the law of autonomous province in austria , catalonia or the basque country in spain , corsica , france , scotland , in the uk or autonomous powers of bavaria in germany . 
  do not ask , therefore , nothing is beyond the existing standards in many eu countries . 
  not be required nor federal ukraine as it is , that 's just the russian federation , where their constitutions , parliaments , presidents and governments has 21 republics . 
  i do not even insist on the term `` federalism '' . 
  many dominant kiev , however , averse to decentralization of european countries , because of fears that greater autonomy in the region east of the dnieper river , which is almost half of ukraine , meant the restoration of `` little russia '' , which is a historical name for the countryside , and to the `` little russia '' , one day , i could go to the crimea and combined with a nut . 
  with false and dangerous belief that ukrainian russians enemies of ukraine , government promoted the bloody protests in majdan withdrew move attack on the russian language , stripping it of the status of official , with ukrainian , in the whole country . 
  gasoline spilled on fire further by the fact that anti-russian campaign and led the people who , long ago , in alliance with the chechen terrorists , as well as some extremists in the west of ukraine which is inciting hatred against russians and russia patriotic priority . 
  ukrainian volcano boiled therefore , not justified because of the corruption of popular anger towards the regime of president viktor yanukovich . 
  in such an atmosphere , a majority russian crimea left the ukraine , triggering an avalanche of international condemnation of russia . 
  from washington and most eu capital of racing one of the messages that the devil behalf of russia , so , logically , the devil and warning imposed sanctions , with the announcement of its economic and political isolation . 
  the fire was extinguished . 
  on the contrary , riots rocked the half of ukraine . 
  several pro-russian region of guerrilla declares independence and demands unification with russia or constitutional reform on the federalization of ukraine and its military neutrality . 
  the authorities in kiev less knows what he wants and what is not . 
  if you want a dialogue and democratic agreement with the regions of `` little russia '' , then you rebel and an agreement prepared its citizens must not , officially , qualified as `` terrorists '' . 
  if not dialogue and agreement , but `` anti-terrorist '' attack on several millions of its citizens , then it their allies must turn away from such intentions . 
  strategy criticism of the devil whose name is russia may initiate an unimagined disaster . 
  so little is needed to extinguish a fire in the heart of europe . 
  and so it is necessary to europe and the world , not just ukraine and russia find themselves in hell . 
  the most urgent negotiations between the central government in kiev and ukraine 's rebel regions ( with the participation of russia , the eu and the usa ) condition are all the conditions for a peaceful and democratic resolution of the ukrainian drama .
