  baltic 's remember this very well . 
  then he moved in russians ( loyalty to moscow ) . 
  also because baltic 's was the front line in nuclear weapons . 
  that was also one of the reasons why the standard of living was `` higher '' in baltic 's in ussr : to keep military happy and avoid locals uprising . 
  this is what those russians ( old folk ) remembers , that they `` had a good life '' comparing to the whole ussr . 
  and because of massive propaganda they did n't know about the outside world . 
  for instance , finnish tv-programs could be seen in tallinn , estonia . 
  they tried to censor those because in the commercials were shops full of stuff . 
  like meet . 
  they had news in estonia ssr that those commercials were deliberate propaganda aimed towards ussr ... during this ukraine situation there was a `` pro-russian '' demonstration in estonia . 
  there was only 20-30 people there holding pro-russian signs and looking confused . 
  the majority of ethnic-russians in baltic 's do know that shit is better in eu . 
  putin has offered them money , passports and apartments in russia if they would move back to russia . 
  but they do n't want to . 
  what comes to the integration thing , it is all up to the russians themselves . 
  most are just so old that they do n't bother . 
  and that 's understandable . 
  also some of them see eu as a `` new ussr '' , which it is defenetly not . 
   russia could n't afford to let itself be encircled by nato wtf you are talking about ? 
  remember ussr ? 
  russia has always been encircled , usa is encircled ... shiiiit , everything with borders is encircled ... 
  the thing is to be nice to neighbors !, 
  putin 's russia is making this whole `` nato encirclement '' shit up . 
  it is an `` outside threat '' just like the anti-gay thing : it is made up . 
  and probably to cover up the real problems inside russia . 
  funny thing is that the russia has been in a steady growth because the `` nato '' countries buys oil and gas from russia ( the 90 % of the export biz ) . 
  now this na\u00eeve claim of `` nato '' encirclement ... bullshit . 
  we stop buying oil and gas , then starts another whining ... just grow up and educate your people better . 
  russia can fuck off . 
  they have a `` too big land mass , no actual people '' - syndrome . 
  and still they want more . 
  120 million people and the biggest ( area ) country in the world . 
  anyone with more than one brain cell can see what 's the result . 
  ... yeah , suuuree , europe farts more gas than russia produces a day . 
  and besides we need to get rid of those fossils anyway . 
  dasvidanja moskva !, 
  no he is not . 
  he is a swedish-finnish neo-nazi who sees eu as a leftist-liberal `` gay-hole '' and is spending waaaayyyy too much hours on internet . 
  i would put him on surveillance , but considering his mental state , he probably already is . 
  we just had a huge , europe-wide referendum where people could clearly vote also against european union . 
  why should we arrange another referendums when this point is made clear : there are people who want ie . 
  british out of eu , france out of eu etc. 
  and now those people have their mp 's in the european parliament . 
  referendums on yes / no questions have a tendency to become very populist and propagandised . 
  the shit will start flying and people will take a stand again each others . 
  civil wars just broke up like that . 
  see  ukraine , crimea . 
  and these questions , my friend , are also in the intrests of neighbouring country ( see finland  kremlins are warning finns against nato ) . 
  it 's just a huge mess ahead . 
  but some people count on that . 
  they just like to see the world burn ... 
  remember the 1960 's end ? 
  the french student riots , terror in europe , m\u00fcnchen olympics ? 
  you happen to know anything about how the ussr was stirring world up then ? 
  and that how they used leftist and far-leftists ( raf etc. ), 
  against those countries ? 
  remember finland how some people tried to organize this country against each others ? 
  and who was behind that ? 
   dude , i think it 's time you left the little town you live in and went out to see the world . 
  you are officially insane might be . 
  but how about an argument ? 
  yes , with obama having some nice champagne ... :d, 
  i assume you have enough intelligence to understand what referendums are and how they work . 
  as you may know from politics general , the referendums alone paralyzes severely decision making and other aspects of nations . 
  and besides , we just had a huge referendum in eu . 
  and in finland ( you are a finn ? ), 
  there is going to be parliament elections soon and the old government just jumped up to euro parliament ( prime-minister , cunty minister , etc. ) . 
  to demand a referendum about `` should we be in or not europe ( n union ) '' is not only very costly , it is also just exactly what eurasian union likes very much . 
  and i assume you understand this as a `` finn '' ? 
  do ya ? 
  let me explain it here very clear : a finn who wants out of eu and knows that it is not a nato country is playing straight into putin 's and russia 's pocket . 
  the finnish economy is facing severe times and other shit , like loosing big deals to east , is going to high jump unemployment and other shit a lot . 
  those who ca n't see what 's going on the east or ignore it are just plain dump or seriously playing with double cards . 
  ukraine is not in eu neither nato . 
  what is going on there ? 
  gladly the grand majority of finns understands this . 
  but there is still some `` usefull fools '' ( stalin 's expression about low iq commies etc. 
  in the west ) who ca n't see the big picture and think that they are safe hiding under the rock behind the spur which is on the other side of a huge swamp ... 
  you are talking about referendums like russian media before crimea , say , you do n't have anything behind your agenda ? 
  like mysterious far-right connections ? 
  double passports ? 
  trolling behaviors ? 
  relatives in donetsk ? 
  old news from january 2013 . 
  what fucking referendum ? 
  i 'm from finland and have never heard about that . 
  instead your party ( persu , basic / true finns ) leader timo soini said in the tv campaign that `` yes for europe '' . 
  he has been `` reborn '' after the ukraine situation . 
  do you understand that if we would go from eu , that russia would be our only and inevitable option ? 
  and putin knows that . 
  the problem with the euro `` skeptic '' basic finns is that only a minor part of the party is those nutheads that want to leave eu . 
  and many of them are re-thinking that rhetoric . 
  looks like they have seen what goes on in ukraine and what was the situation before 1939 winter war . 
  also the most rascist part is also lowering their tone . 
  maybe they have understood that finns are a very small nation in this global world and that to get help you must be ready to offer help . 
  the most radical basic finn party mp who got elected was jussi halla-aho : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jussi_halla-aho  halla-aho is a doctor of philosophy ( ph.d. ) , having written his dissertation about historical nominal morphology of old church slavonic . 
  [ 7 ] [ 43 ] halla-aho studied at the university of helsinki from 1995 to 2000 . 
  during his post-graduate period ( 2000 -- 2006 ) , he worked at the department of slavonic and baltic studies as a researcher and teacher of old church slavic . 
  [ 3 ] halla-aho has published two articles in scientific journals , has been interested in comparative indo-european linguistics , and has written old church slavic manual , which is used at the university of helsinki . 
  [ 3 ] he was a rookie when he got elected to the finnish mp , but time will tell is he really a `` patriotic '' type or a russian trojan horse ... by looking his body-language after he got elected , he was looking worried and confused .
