  there 's also studies that eating a lot of fish makes kids more smarter . 
  japan . 
  the mechanism for measuring iq and the iq itself is so problematic that it 's impossible to be sure about what is what . 
  and about laziness , why people always say `` google it '' or `` go to wikipedia '' when they can themselves put a link to prove their claims ? 
  is n't that lazy ? 
  if you really think that way , then the winter war and ww2 was a good thing to finland because all the stupid get killed there . 
  or not able to have any kids . 
  so why russia is russia then ? 
  i remember when this term ( * suomettuminen * in finnish ) came into the public discussions . 
  it was a total surprise and people took it as an insult when they realized it was about `` licking the ussr 's balls '' . 
  because that 's what the finnish reality was after ww2 , moscow made us their bitch . 
  it was the fear of invasion that kept finns silent and the society was been `` rallied '' to split to leftists and right wing . 
  although finns understand that it was heavily conducted from moscow and that they despised the `` traitors '' who praised that the revolution is coming and finland would become a socialist state . 
  the fear of russia . 
  that was what finns understand with that term . 
  and the right wing and others used the term in finland in a mockery way . 
  it was a quite heavy insult actually . 
  i remember when our pm stubb used it in a interview some years ago about some people who where against nato or something similar . 
  that term is still an insult . 
  because it means that `` do n't do things that moscow do n't like '' . 
  fuck that . 
  it 's that foreigners do n't actually understand what finland was after ww2 till the collapse of ussr . 
  we were forced to love ussr . 
  some called it rape . 
  but in russia , that 's an act of love ... 
  that 's one way to handle it ... also they can spread all the vulnerable details to internet about those mistrals and `` forget '' some crucial weldings ... / s, 
  do not buy russian products . 
  are these frenchies sarcastic or serious ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwpszfwgj_e ukraine : french dpr fighters say ` victory just a matter of time ', 
  well , hold something else then : http://i.imgur.com/bslf8w2.jpg yes . 
  that 's me . 
  finland will do enormously for ukraine and itself by joining nato . 
  if finland would join nato , putin/russia would be beaten politically . 
  the whole `` theme '' from the russian side in this conflict has been the so called `` nato expansion '' . 
  by joining nato finland would not only secure itself , it will tie up a significant military force and would show to the people of russia that putin has really failed . 
  now , i know that many finns fear war , but more does n't . 
  if we do n't stop putin and this dugin nationalist thinking , we are next . 
  do you really want to wait that ? 
  have n't we seen enough of this shit ? 
  if there would have been nato-like organization 1939 and finland would have been in it , there would have never been winter war nor ww2 . 
  did you know that in the winter war stalin send two divisions of ukrainians to the suomussalmi-raate region ? 
  yes , they were mostly frozen to death and finns never wanted to fight against ukraine people . 
  it 's time to make a change , finns . 
  russia never dare to attack nato . 
  even ussr did n't dare to do that and it was 20 x stronger militarily than russia . 
  or even more , russia is still using that era weaponary by 80 % . 
  russia is a russia even if you dip it in the chocolate pudding . 
  `` what about the business ? '', 
  well , it did n't stop russia . 
  ukraine was and is manufacturing all kinda stuff to russia . 
  and the gas-pipes . 
  demand nato membership and you 'll kick putin out . 
  that will help a lot ukraine . 
  also send ammo and blankets . 
  getting really tired of this shit frau merkel ... 
  we do n't want to hear that from him , we need to hear it from merkel . 
  sanction/s . 
  very many !, 
  now let 's kick some real ass and get rid off this putin disease that 's eating us all up slow by slow !, 
  some hard timing to make jokes around . 
  also you should use the / sarcasm tag or just / s just in case . 
  ... or keep telling how wonderful our eastern neighbour is because cheap cheese , just like in the good old finlandization times . 
  sanctions . 
  how about funding ukraine army ? 
  we have to . 
  how can we let a country that 's economy is size of italy and population over 4 times smaller ( eu+u kraine 540million , russia 130m ) to bully us ? 
  how does this look to outside ? 
  monsterious . 
  if we let this russian invasion happen , eu is doomed . 
  also nato . 
  and they will blow the gas pipes . 
  they are desperate . 
  yes it has . 
  it has also not been devastating to germany 's pubic image but also eu 's . 
  she had managed to make us look weak against a country that 's economy is a size of italy and has a population sized five time smaller than eu 's . 
  a leader ? 
  she is ~ ~ a double agent ~ ~ working for putin . 
  we are great full for the help and volunteers from sweden and norway , few dane 's came also !, 
  but at the battle front we were alone . 
  if there would have been a `` nato '' then and finland in it , stalin would n't never attack . 
  that last poll was a month ago . 
  it 's closing to 50 % fast . 
  the public opinion is chancing fast . 
  now when russia has started a war against ukraine their eyes have opened and they see nato as a reliable defence partner . 
  it 's basically that finns want to be with estonia and norway to have back up and be with the rest of europe . 
  winter war . 
  we were then alone . 
  never again . 
  can finland also , pliiz !, 
  we can 300k + army stronk and 60 f-18 hornyt 's and almost 300 leopard panzers brink with !, 
  we 'll be good , promise !, 
  and this is why germany is `` cautious '' ? 
  because they have made themselves dependable of russian energy ? 
  and are ready to through other countries under the bus ? 
  look , dear germany , i understand that you have this huge hitler-trauma but you need to wake up . 
  your action is driving eu to deeper troubles than you can imagine ... or have you already thought that ? 
  that you can stay safe in the middle while east-europe slowly gets raped by russia ? 
  is n't the idea of strong eu and nato that it is a coalition ? 
  like , we are friends ? 
  like that there will never be another world war in europe ?
