funny you mentioned the street signs , during the winter war finns captured ready made street signs for oulu and helsinki from ussr troops . 
  their intention was to walk through finland and perhaps arrange a referendum that should those new russian street signs be removed or not ... / s, 
  it was during the mh17 crises . 
  could n't take the insult and enormous falsifying any-more and make an slight personal insult and i got banned . 
  :d yes . 
  i 'm banned there . 
  ... yep , he is running out of arguments . 
  that 's a different story , the french company paid the baltic shipyard to build that part , they got the money and the part is now frenchies ( stx ) . 
  it 's no mean a legal claim to get their mistral because the part is not theirs . 
  they did ? 
  source ? 
  btw , why you use ukraine flag if you are finn ? 
  yes . 
  he will woke up , sooner or later . 
  yep , find out that he/she is actually a left-anarchist , one of those types who like to wear the white mask and blame western capitalism for all the bad in the world . 
  might be a finn . 
  looks like the snowden-case has been quite effective on this brainwashing job . 
  i think it 's mostly the same type of personality all over western world that is seeing russia as a `` not bad guy '' and that perhaps this `` soviet nostalgia '' has some effect to that too . 
  i mean that they seem to be all thinking that there 'll be a new kinda `` revolutionary change '' that 'll solve economical crises , their money problems and getting them action and exitment . 
  that 's how they usually start before they realize that russia is a one big gun-capitalisim , mostly they have never been in russia or visited the place and/or are from the intellectual/poorer society classes . 
  and/or in art school ...  youngsters today . 
  got to admire that they are interested in politics and economics though . 
  :d i can see you !, 
  that painting was close enough but did n't want to say it ... wooooaaah , yeah leftoanarkisti !, 
  anonyyyyymiiiimuuuummmiiiiiiii ... :d so , is the snowden the reason you think russia is good ? 
  no , you are a far-right idiot . 
  or you want to look like that . 
  take easy with your hate , or at least aim it to real problems you are going to face . 
  you are being played . 
  we give you more time , you 'll push your army to the eu border over ukraine . 
  you need to get up , stand up and start fighting for your rights man . 
  otherwise it 's good night , dasvidanya mskva !, 
  just r\u00e4nting in finnische . 
  telling how bad person he is and that his knowledge of our history is like an old drunks last teeth etc. 
  such sadness is high unemployment rates and finlandization . 
  such sad . 
  wou such is much . 
  why you not take a picture with that mobile , it 's kinda `` scanning '' you know ? 
  from the talks we here from moscow it does n't feel like that . 
  i think st.peterburg loves europe much more than moscow , since in russia they say that moscow loves only itself . 
  but if its true , why not moscow people stand up and show that love ? 
  demonstrations , picts , videos etc. 
  it 's not that hard man . 
  how about talking gayish ? 
  yep . 
  they make always some massive mistakes ...  finlandization refers to the fact you can not run a small country in the shadow of an ** empire ** without accepting your policy 's will have to be influenced by it and ukraine is the perfect example of how ignoring your neighbor and partisanship leads to disaster . 
  total lack of understanding finnish-russian relations and accepting russia 's actions in ukraine . 
  just one of those . 
  hey reddittor for 1 month , you are not even a finn ? 
  leningrad troll factory in action ... :d * just check his history . 
  not that simple , finland has strategical importance for russia a lot . 
  russia wanted the whole finland in ww2 . 
  they had even ready printed new street signs for oulu in the winter war . 
  to secure leningrad and get a grip of the baltic sea , the only option at the moment is to `` take care of finland '' . 
  in a way or another . 
  the father of russian geopolitical thinking , a.dugin has said that finland should be absorbed into russia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics now when baltics are in eu and finland is not , this could be a plausible scenario . 
  what would this world be in 3 years ? 
  5 years ? 
  what if eu go down ? 
  but nato stays ? 
  should we re-think this situation and get safe from possibly aggression by joining nato ? 
  russia is not in ukraine because of resources . 
  the reasons are `` geopolitical '' . 
  or strategical . 
  they have black sea secured now . 
  next the baltic sea situation ? 
  yep , there are those who want to make us look pro-russians etc. 
  he might be a emigrant , jobless far-right type etc. 
  but he is very pro-russian and has been harassing on the / ukraineconflict like a classic russian troll . 
  he has n't said there that he is a finn btw . 
  but acts like a one . 
  edit : just checked his history ... reddittor for 1 month and bashing pro-ukip , pro-russian stuff etc. 
  that guy is not a finn . 
  he 's some pro-russian type who 's been also on / ukraineconflict doing the russian troll work . 
  that `` little something from a professional '' is exactly what russia is doing right now ... [ whattayagonadoooabouuttiiiittt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1jyk4ykvcj8 ) ? 
  this is already ongoing warfare on economical and political , public opinion , information etc. 
  level . 
  russia is already shitting on us . 
  russia 's economy is the size of italy . 
  they need more finland than finland needs russia . 
  finland is backed with eu and partly by nato . 
  an we have a army . 
  it 's time to show putin that he does n't want to fuck with us . 
  if you look weak now in the global arena , they 'll attack you like they do in ukraine . 
  world is going little bit crazy now . 
  we need to look who our friends are and start supporting each others . 
  love to estonia , latvia , lithuania sweden , norway , ukraina etc. 
  and europe . 
  and usa . 
  they really are the one that russia fears like shit . 
  there is the fear of finland losing it 's reputation and slipping in the mordor . 
  yes , that 's russia , russians themselves call it that way as a joke in the intern ... here in the internets . 
  keep calm and carry ammo ... to those who will be doing it . 
  of course we do n't all need to go on some war mode and start using camo 24/7 on the streets , no ... :d just that take this serious enough and support those who will be doing it . 
  this is not `` warmongerring '' . 
  this is a wake up call . 
  finnish political command structure is paralysed right now , they are all playing their `` dirty '' parliamentary election games and do n't want to be `` bad news '' in bringer . 
  they also play behind the screens trying to save what possibly can be saved . 
  and they are doing some slippery moves , the rookie prime minister is just a twitter-face after all and the president has wet his pants , sadly .
