  did you call me that ? 
  lol , wou such wrongness such insult ... borderline . 
  that was quite close . 
  i 'm carelian . 
  i know very well about the past . 
  it 's the small and weak that get eaten first . 
  they would need to take control over the airspace first . 
  and that would mean nato , awacs and lots of fighters . 
  this saying means that russia is actually holding that area ( that was the purpose of those buk 's and manpads they supplied to the donetsk terrorists ) . 
  then pinpoint bombing and taking down possibly strongholds with gbu 's , jdam 's etc. 
  radar cover and electronic warfare shit with full blow ( terrorists communication blackout ) . 
  those fighters could actually bomb / fire missiles from a long distance using etc. 
  agm 's to destroy buk 's and similar , way over the danger range and ( stealth ) missiles can come from any direction without warning , like tomahawk . 
  after this a fast capture of airfields with air borne troops / paratroopers , a rapid deployment of few battalions with un and ukraine government troops and capturing the left rebels . 
  those who have not fled back to russia . 
  this is of course just a scenario and could mean some clashes with russia ... 
  you ca n't have an international investigation any more because the putin 's terrorists have looted and messed up all evidence . 
  and they are not letting the investigators to the area or are stopping them with guns and/or have moved away crucial elements . 
  they have even robbed some bodies ( trying to mask them as suicide bombers or similar ? ) . 
  and they have been caught lying and the russian media is messing up everything . 
  the only way to make sure that the investigation could be done properly and to get the bodies of dutch , british , americans , aussies , etc. 
  out of there before they decompose to their families , is to send there un peacekeeping operation securing that area . 
  and of course inviting russians there too . 
  now it is impossible . 
  while the eu leaders are waiting , the families of those 300 victims are demanding answers . 
  all over the globe . 
  and the facebook will be boiling with rage ... and the poor innocent passengers are rotting in some ukrainian potatoe field while drunken cossacks loot their passports , bank cards , money , jewels , clothes ... 
  there are already reports that they are trying to use those bank and credit cards ... http://news.yahoo.com/dutch-banks-act-mh17-credit-card-looting-reports-155839417.html, 
  during that era finland was ussr 's bitch . 
  we were counted on the ussr 's sphere and they even threatened to invade finland if they would not lick the kremlin 's ass . 
  it 's not up to us . 
  see winter war . 
  we are west . 
  the border between eu and russia goes over 1500km between finland and russia . 
  finland alone is going to suffer much more than that and our economy is less than 10 % of france 's ... 
  yep . 
  it 's time to start boycotting french `` cuisine '' and french wines . 
  they can decide : money from putin or money from europeans . 
  this same we can apply to other countries doing shitty business with russia . 
  as we have seen , the politicians follow the money and we , the masses , have that money ( or part of it ) . 
  and the reputation part ... as we have seen , the reputation is actually all that countries have ( in a long run ) . 
  losing the reputation causes losses that can be healed only in years or decades . 
  seriously , putin thought that russia had gone over the bad reputation of ussr after the `` glorious '' sochi olympics and started using this old nostalgic ussr propaganda and `` great stalin glory ! '', 
  shit but it backfired straight away . 
  germany is getting `` molotov-ribbentrop '' comments because of their hesitation and french are `` froggies '' again ... 
  if those countries do n't take this seriously , they will suffer heavily when people start avoiding their banks , products , companies , culture , tourism , hotels , football teams ( chelsea sucks btw -  abrahmovitsch ) etc. 
  and not to mention italy ... and yes , i 'm shamed on my country , finland 's leaders who still are negotiating about a new nuclear plant with rosatom and other commercial with russia . 
  there is a hockey team that is starting in khl this fall ( jokerit , hjallis harkimo ) and i 'm 100 % sure that finns are going to abandon that team . 
  russians are also selling their summer cottages ( dachas ) and other apartments and invests in finland rapidly and the tourism has dropped almost 50 % ( both ways ) . 
  i see russians in a daily base ( also ukrainians ) and they look scared . 
  they stop speaking russia immediately when somebody is in their sight , they move like close the walls , in tight groups and a one guy was furious with eyes wide open ready to beat anyone who comes on his way ( he was scared and `` protective '' without reason ) . 
  that has changed rapidly . 
  but the finns are not ( yet ) acting hostile or more negatively towards russians but there are tensions rising . 
  we are living interesting times . 
  sadly . 
  everybody has a slightly different way to aim through iron sights and they usually click those sights to whateva ' direction after service use . 
  that 's why we always start at the shooting range with 3 aiming rounds ... , 
  thank you !, 
  this needs translation , could someone please do it ? 
   nevertheless , i think that what vladimir putin is doing in ukraine is weakness : he understands that what happened on the maidan is in essence a continuation of what happened with us on the 13th of january . 
  we defended ourselves in the same way . 
  he realizes that freedom , however weak it may appear to be , is really stronger than any kind of slavery . 
  the fact that freedom can start knocking on the kremlin 's door is something that vladimir putin fears the most it seems . 
  [ rest in peace . 
  that 's a rack rifle , only three training rounds ( to adjust the iron sights ) and the range was 150 meters . 
  and i 'm not-so-young reservist with old glasses . 
  and i had a terrible hangover . 
  besides , that is my secondary weapon . 
  http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=151_1399765890 this is my primary weapon in the army . 
  edit : my branch in the army was artillery . 
  mlrs is counted in that branch . 
  russian leadership has warned us if we would join nato that `` there will be consequences '' . 
  and we can see these `` consequences '' in ukraine , the russian narrative has been that `` nato is coming to our doorsteps '' etc. 
  now russia is using military force against non-nato country ukraine , even it has not been even mentioning that it would want to join nato . 
  it is seeking more european co-operation . 
  if we finns want to become a same defence organization that baltic 's and norway , it will be only logical . 
  but kreml has warned us . 
  why the hell ? 
  does russia think that we can be threatened ? 
  also there are voices in russia that say that finland should be `` absorbed to russia '' . 
  see -  dugin , fountain of geopolitics . 
   finland should be absorbed into russia . 
  southern finland will be combined with the republic of karelia and northern finland will be `` donated to murmansk oblast '' . 
  [ 1 ] http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foundations_of_geopolitics and this whole ukraine and crimea shit that 's been going on has shown to us that russia is ready to use military force to gain it 's political etc. 
  goals . 
  we have a 1500km border with russia and the future is grey . 
  we are prepared . 
  http://i.imgur.com/bslf8w2.jpg from finland with love . 
  yes , i 've had enough . 
  this last action what pro-russians did is just so fucked up shit that my emotions have taken the lead . 
  and i do n't care . 
  the russians do n't believe in argumenting or dialogue , they are lying sonofabitches and hail stalin and believe that they are so super and stronk ... well , if this is how they wan na play , they 'll got it . 
  bring it on ivan , your ancient tanks and btr 's will burn to ashes . 
  and your nukes ? 
  you ca n't use them , you 'll be nuked to the dark side of the moon ... * yes , i 'm emotional , i ca n't hold it right now , and why should i ? 
  i 'm from finland , a country next to russia and we can be next russia 's target . 
  we 've been that and know how the russian mentally works . 
  if it 's blood you want , you 'll get it ... *, 
  we are outraged . 
  this is going to be a fucking nightmare for putin and russia .
