`` loyal to the fatherland '' this can interpreted differently depending on who you ask , besides even if the fatherland is ` germany ' , which it ca n't since it did n't exist , the song is still about a single person . 
  he does n't need a beard , he just needs to wear his crown 24/7 !, 
   i 'm just glad he 's got maxima . 
  we all are , except for the true patriots over at / r/cirkeltrek, 
  edgy, 
  the english military was largely involved in europe during that same time because of the napoleonic wars, 
  we shall annex the lot of you , not a problem !, 
  ^ ^ come ^ ^ over ^ ^ here ^ ^ belgium, 
  oh no , whatever will we do ?!, 
  we 'll be doomed !, 
  are n't you a nice person, 
  flevoland is literally ` made up ' , since it was manmade, 
  aye , it 's obviously the netherlands !, 
  i 'll be honest , his laughing off things can be annoying at times : but at least he does n't have a permanent frown on his face , which i 'd imagine any other pm would have in his situation . 
  back when imperial units existed everywhere , they were different depending on the region . 
  there 's a reason france forced the standarised system on other nations . 
  well if i ask a question it 's regarding something i do n't know the answer too ... 
  regardless , you used lithuanians as an example for a purpose i do not necessarily understand , because what if a german or dutch guy asked it ? 
  what if i asked that question ? 
  what do the lithuanians have to do with this ? 
  of course he needs to do his job and these people are making that difficult as hell but quite a few things that he does are questionable . 
  why is he filming them ? 
  why has n't he called any authorities ? 
  why does he mutter ' ... stelletje zwarten ' : which implies more than just annoyance , not to mention that there is no need to say something like that : he knows he can get away by saying that because they do n't speak his language . 
  acting a hero might not be the right word , but it is still behaviour that i do not agree with . 
  the fact of the matter is that these immigrants do not want to go anywhere but the uk ( specifically england ) for whatever reason , probably because they heard of the uk and not so much the other countries save maybe france , italy and spain . 
  these truckers and the companies they work for suffer because of these immigrants , whom can get quite violent it seems , and they need the authorities to take care of the problem . 
  this man attempted to get rid of them himself , maybe to get them away asap or because the authorities are n't doing anything , but his actions : specifically him muttering stelletje zwarten as well as him bloody filming the whole thing are things i do not agree with . 
  because i 'm obviously an asshole for saying so / s i mean , the illegal immigrants and their actions to desperately flee to uk ( whilst already in the eu ) are a problem . 
  but this guy just calls them a bunch of blacks , acts like a hero and straight up lies to their face . 
  sure he wants them out of his truck , but this is n't the way to do so . 
  guy is racist as fuck and an asshole , but these illegal immigrants are a problem nonetheless [ shrug ], 
  no please , i do n't want to be belgian !, 
   something which required less thinking of him . 
  economics . 
  recipe : * pasta * tomato ketchup * tears of the italians, 
  or portugal for that matter ( ? ), 
  you have some info regarding this person and what she did according to you ? 
  for curiousity 's sake . 
  well , he also showed an official statement from some kind of russian higher-up , whom states that russia has no desire to join nato . 
  i mean , it 'd be hard to find something ` better ' than that . 
  everything else is merely setting the scene and context ... 
  how does a president stop an attack ? 
  he ca n't personally tackle these attackers to the ground and punch their lights out , now can he ? 
  i actually appreciate what / u/darian66 has been doing , this constantly taking things at face-value over the title is reaching ridiculous levels as so many people feel the need to be smart and point out how it 's ` wrong ' , ` incorrect ' or ` stupid ' . 
  i have no opinion at all regarding this , well : not one i 'd like to share anyway because i do not feel that i should express it because i am not aware of many things that are involved with this topic . 
  but too many people feel the need to make ` funny ' statements or correct ` what is so obviously incorrect ' ( except that it is only incorrect in the title ) because reasons . 
  also , downvotes do n't work , it 'll only be ` proof ' that ` eu-lovers ' are ` wrong ' . 
  like you said , sorry state of affairs . 
  / rant i like you , have a nice day , 
  ... because the the phrase that makes him reply that is constantly repeated as well ? 
   you cunt . 
  just a tad bit uncalled for, 
   tito 's yugoslavia almost went to war with stalin in 1951 . 
  seriously ? 
  i did not know that !, 
  true enough , but since he was railing about generalisations and how they are totally unfair and untrue , i felt the need to point out that he was using a generalisation himself as well . 
   europeans are often given wine on fridays to celebrate as early as 10 just a nitpick , but since you 're talking about stereotypes and generalizations : this is n't true . 
  it 's * common * enough in most southern european countries , but it is by no means a defining cultural thing in europe . 
   cargo shorts , flipflops , and a baseball cap is pretty much the lowest point of fashion ftfy, 
  this does not matter to me , as i 'm from limburg . 
  well , let 's be honest : you 're frisian . 
  you do realise that is incredibly rude to do this towards people , right ? 
  religious or not , let people believe whatever they want ; so long as they do n't bother other people with it , i do n't see why they should ` change their fairytale ' . 
  heck , just a question like `` would you fight for your country in case of an invasion of your country or allied countries ( i.e. 
  eu/nato ) '' would give far better results and make it more clear what is to be understood when people answer the question . 
  seems like the * actual * ` message ' was lost on you then , 
  ah , you see : i 'm not great at debating properly , let alone with someone whom pulls out the insults immediately , so apologies but no . 
  you have your opinion , and i have mine about the whole thing , i was merely pointing out what you said about my country . 
   balkanization of your homeland there we go , you hate muslims and think the netherlands will be destroyed for whatever reason , okay that 's your opinion and i hope you 'll find peace with that , 
   d66 and pvda with pvv ?? 
  it 'll depend , expect tomorrow morning for things to be sure : though exit polls tend to paint a relatively well enough picture . 
  if certain minorities ( not all muslims btw , denk is largely supported by turkish minorities ) want their own party , why not ? 
  4 more seats than before , but considering he was polled as being first for quite a while : quite a defeat nonetheless . 
  parliament , from which a majority forms government . 
  parliament is called the 2nd chamber . 
  the first chamber is more akin to congress : laws are checked and a majority is lso needed there , but the voting of the first chamber happens at a differnt time . 
  i 'm not the best to explain this , but this * is * as close as you 'll get to your presidential election . 
  ... we have a ` congress ' as well . 
  everything is about and compared to the us , after all everything revolves around the us ... 
  dutch media does not stoop to this level of fear mongering that english media does . 
  ah yes , left wing policy , let 's start the finger pointing which is totally unbiased, 
  nobody knows , not even wilders and friends ... 
  dutch revolt gorilla warfare copypasta , 
  just because part of both countries are not in europe does n't necessarily mean that they 're not european . 
  i personally consider both european , as both states have had a lot of historical ` european ' connections . 
  bbut both countries are quite different culturally compared to other european countries . 
  but i also consider azerbeijan , armenia and georgia european . . 
  but they have two parents . . ? 
  for those that do n't know , the rival in question : the leader of a centrist-liberal party , has replied . 
  https://twitter.com/apechtold/status/828513240560828416?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw  creative copy & paste work of wilders , unfortunately the neonazi 's at his conference are n't photoshopped !, 
  what . 
   visualized [ operation ` thunderstruck ' ] ( https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/344793454804729856/344919668609253387/unknown.png ) orchestrated in part by me . 
  oman demands credit for this map , and for setting up the eastern alliance !, 
  without him the turk would still be at large !, 
   get outplayed diplomatically by fucking oman  never try to get involved in europe ever again , or oman will fuck you up . 
  geeeeeeeet dunked ooooon !, 
  l-lies !, 
  fake news !, 
  you see , whereas the maldives send thousands , we only send 6 men in total at once !,
