  their strength was equal to 6000 !, 
  they honourably retreated and repositioned themselves for the next assaults !, 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/ubrghvz ) #oman disconnects , but the madman still fights the ottomans working together with the christians of europe and his close allies : the timurids , malwa and ajuraan . 
  oman expanded its hold over the arabian peninsula , supported the blitzkrieg against bharat , heroically fought against the maldives and went to war against the ottomans , bringing home victory !, 
  too bad i disconnected at the second half of the session , causing me to literally miss the most important war of this entire campaign and to not get any egyptian holdings because aiman is a moron . 
  oh well , next time ... 
  georgia is ottomans ' lapdog , so unlikely  !, 
   except oman , loyal boye now all according to plan * rubs hands maniacally *, 
  the sultan of oman recovered and has become a regional power of sorts !, 
  slowly conquered yemen ( partially shared with mamluks ) , created najid as a march after i fully took that over . 
  currently in a war to take over the entirety of haasa , but it 's slow thanks to the tier 3 fort ... 
  i have a 100 power projection , a good ruler and heir , decent tech and my first idea group . 
  now to build up that navy . 
  you did n't deserve to get your teeth kicked in like that :(, 
  safety does not feed my ego !, 
  ~ ~ take me back please , i 'm lonely and scared ~ ~, 
  please do tell who is in the lead !, 
   you hear that ~ ~ la la la i ca n't hear you ! ~ ~ in my defense , i was offered nothing of use except survival , i had to gamble or be forever irrelevant in politics . 
  gambled , and lost . 
  ~ ~ also got lucky a rando got uzbek ~ ~, 
  oman did indeed fail to expand ... for the most part !, 
  but he took mighty hormuz , and with his great friends to the west and south he took yemen !, 
  ( too bad we stopped just before the peace treaty . . ) allah smiles down upon oman now that we have learned humility !, 
  oman is depressed to see it not being considered a fellow friend, 
  oman : took hormuz , sweet , sweet , island trade center . 
  anti-timmy alliance , total disaster . 
  recovered for the rest of the session , it was terrible . 
  mamlukes and ajuraan are being bros and helping me get most of yemen/najid ... 
  it 's something !, 
  but then , why bring it up in the first place . . 
  let 's see if i can play this for once  !, 
  i 'd say she has a bit of charm to her due to her experience , and what do looks have to do with anything ? 
  she got elected because of what she could do , not how she looked . 
  * eye twitching intensifies *, 
  * eye twitch *, 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  besides , what does a mod 's opinion matter ? 
  he did his job . 
  i need to explain that i lived in sweden for half a year on exchange ? 
  as for context , you do n't just expect women to flock to you in most situations . 
  nor should you expect two strangers to date or whatever . 
  you 'd either need to know them in some way , or indeed as mentioned before : at parties or clubs . 
  if you 're likeable/attractive enough , i think the chances are somewhat higher , but context matters . 
  at least , that 's what i experienced when i lived in sweden . 
  most definitely :'), 
  germany ? 
  japan ? 
  my sister volunteered at a refugee center for a while giving language courses . 
  i went there myself once during an ` open day ' , and a lot of people were really nice , enthusiastic and took a chance to break through the usual boring day-to-day life . 
  two of them are still in my mind : one syrian man in his late twenties whom picked up dutch really well and is now living as a dutch citizen . 
  the other was a syrian woman whom was of the same age as me , who spoke incredible well english and went to the university in damascus . 
  she wanted to study dutch , or go to university here , but could n't because she was 19 at the time and as such fell out of any system regarding education for refugees at the centers , as such she had nothing to do but stay put . 
  a real waste . 
  country wise , i 'd go beyond randstad and ` countryside ' . 
  specifically : randstad vs not randstad urban vs rural above the rivers ( mostly protestant background ) vs below the rivers ( mostly catholic background ) friesland/limburg/brabant / twente and the massive amounts of dialects and regionalism feeling ( especially compared to americans ) the bible belt vs the rest of the country political it 's all over the place due to the amount of choices we have i 'm probably still forgetting stuff . . but this imo would be far more inclusive of the differences in our country without too much detail , just because the cultural/political differences do n't define the dutch that much ( exceptions exist ) does n't mean they do n't exist . 
  makes the overall results even worse . 
  do n't think i even got to that point , kinda gave up after this . 
  so now whenever someone says that their ` research ' is ` factual ' it just is ? 
  this is news to me , i should remember this next time i 'm doing research . 
  the referencing is terrible to follow where what comes from . 
  i took at a look at some of the references used : the first reference leads to this :  firearm -- in 2014 , 33,594 persons died from firearm injuries in the united states ( tables 18 and 19 ) , accounting for 16.8 % of all injury deaths in that year . 
  the age-adjusted death rate from firearm injuries ( all intents ) did not change significantly in 2014 from 2013 . 
  the two major component causes of firearm injury deaths in 2014 were suicide ( 63.7 % ) and homicide ( 32.8 % ) . 
  the age-adjusted death rate for firearm homicide decreased 2.8 % , from 3.6 in 2013 to 3.5 in 2014 . 
  the rate for firearm suicide did not change . 
  32.8 % of deaths due to firearms were n't suicides , that 's quite high , not to mention that suicide is very easy and fast with the use of a gun . 
  the second reference in the reference list does n't link to anywhere as the page is missing ( not to mention it links again to a very pro-gun site ) [ this seems impressive ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pv9xtwf.png ) until i actually go and look at the reference :  it means there are over 2,000 crimes recorded per 100,000 population in the uk , making it the most violent place in europe . 
   austria is second , with a rate of 1,677 per 100,000 people , followed by sweden , belgium , finland and holland . 
   by comparison , america has an estimated rate of 466 violent crimes per 100,000 population . 
  2000 british crimes ( any crimes ) versus 466 american * violent * crimes ( only violent crimes ) . 
  this is purposefully showing a different fact than the actual data shows . 
  another reference , talking about the sad reality of school shootings . 
   [ despite strict gun regulations , europe has had three of the worst six school shootings . 
  ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2012/12/25/gun-free-zone-john-lott/1791085/ ) this was where the reference referred to ... where does this come from ? 
  who knows ? 
  not to mention the author of this piece is , again , a very pro-gun person . 
  i could go on , but i wo n't i got stuff to do . 
   you chose a source that is naturally biased against gun ownership . 
  i am not impressed . 
  you said this in this thread , so let me use this argument too !, 
  you chose a source that is naturally biased towards gun ownership . 
  i am not impressed . 
  if your best argument is the year of publishing , there 's a problem with your reasoning man . 
   it seems to me that a lot of americans think that europe is socialist , but in reality there are very few countries in europe where the ( local ) left-wing is in power . 
  france ( for only the second time since wwii ) , portugal , greece , um ... any help here fellow eurofags ? 
  amusingly , our national ~ ~ embarrasement ~ ~ populist wilders frequently blames the left for bad policies and politics ... 
  there 's never been a real pure left government in the netherlands / shrug, 
  oh god that looks good, 
  what about the weekly trump scandals ? 
  if the two ` scandals ' of clinton are so terrible ... 
  muhaha she 's mine now you lowly swede !, 
  economics !, 
  but my swedish needs work ... at least i have an incentive to keep learning swedish , 
  currently having a relationship with a swedish girl , it helps that i 'm currently studying in sweden . 
  everything 's going well , 
  he 's also the only member . . 
  i can totally see that to be honest . . 
  man , pok\u00e9mon and yu-gi-oh ... childhood . . my mom mentioned that she * hated * yu-gi-oh ! , more than any other cartoon . 
  i 'm getting some friends into it back home , so it 's all good , 
  mostly students in the netherlands , i 've not experienced that many fellow anime/manga fans .
