  already happening : http://nyheteridag.se/sweden-the-swedish-flag-was-banned-at-elementary-school-by-the-principal, 
  where i live there is also an asylum facility , and they will expand it with 50 youths from syria , eritrea , somalia , iraq near the kindergarten . 
  then they suddenly got millions for teachers etc. 
  while schools struggle . 
  luckily we managed to pick another kindergarten . 
  i agree , but this show is good !, 
  stossel is one of the `` good guys '' , 
  no problam , and thanks to you too  goodnight , 
  at least here in norway , there has not been a lot of incentive to build internet using government money . 
  the infrastructure has been built by a mix of the telecom monopoly `` televerket '' , now telenor after the dissolution of the monopoly , and private companies ( again televerket was in fact a government monopoly by law , so how can private even build anything back then ) . 
  in romania there are also largely private infrastructure : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=castvnqd53u usa is no longer an example of a free market . 
  it 's health system is partly socialized with a bizarre mix of insurance and social support ( medicare , medicaid ) . 
  i know myself that doctors operate unnecessary on patients to get more medicaid money . 
  still i would rather be sick in usa than norway , because i can legally get treatment if i pay . 
  i would rather live with some cost than die in a health queue or be denied treatment altogether . 
  same with people from canada . 
  many of them flee to the u.s. health system . 
  usa is very interesting because it has now become a full welfare state . 
  there are so many deductions and social support for different income brackets , so social mobility , as you say , is harder . 
  if you are interested in the american welfare system , i urge you to check this video out !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoouy4p4ray and another video by the same guy and a swede about the scandinavian welfare model , again very interesting : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d0hna341awe, 
  again , is equality more important than people 's well being ? 
  people are different . 
  they have different iq , skills and interests . 
  thus there will be differences . 
  to try and eradicate those differences is against human nature and destructive . 
  because it demotivates people that create . 
  you were wrong in your statement , i 'd like you to acknowledge this . 
  it is flat out wrong that the 1 % can magically make everyone live comfortably . 
  and in many of those societies where you have a lot of differences , are ironically those who try to impose the most policies on eradicating those differences ( welfare cliff as a consequence ) . 
  it 's fact that everyone get more wealthy . 
  just get into some statistics and data , because you obviously have read none . 
  http://humanprogress.org/static/2579 - this is data to be trusted * `` all of our wide-ranging data comes from third parties , including the world bank , the oecd , the eurostat , and the united nations . '' * . 
  i have seen no links to data , facts or statistics , and no admission of being wrong , even it is clearly so . 
  well it was a long time ago government took over these tasks . 
  and i mean in a way that the existing schools , roads etc did n't suck , they just forcibly took over them . 
  i never said that government tasks such as roads and schools were purely destructive . 
  but they do it really terribly compared to private alternatives . 
  another thing is that it 's hard to prove this in modern times , since trying to prove that private infrastructure works is basically banned / forbidden . 
  the government have monopolies in these areas by force in scandinavia . 
  so one can only look to countries like singapore and hong kong where everything is mostly private . 
  and usa in the old days . 
  however we do have private infrastructure today , like the internet . 
  much of it is purely private and it works , and competition makes it cheaper . 
  the sources are cited in the graph . 
  the context is economic freedom in relation to wealth . 
  there is a clear trend . 
  economic freedom is measured in different factors by heritage . 
  how exactly does full capitalism suddenly lead to 12 hours and child labor today ? 
  i do n't understand this logic . 
  it seems like you have this vision of capitalism as a caricature of the industrial revolution in the 18th century . 
  it 's not like that anymore . 
  in any paradigm shift there 's a transition . 
  there is child labor today alright , but that 's in socialistic hellholes . 
  socialism has no credit for wealth and shorter working hours . 
  there has been a race to the middle where employers compete for skilled workers , and the increase of efficiency because of innovations driven by the free market . 
  automation created new jobs and new industries , there might have been a few dips where there were no jobs since they got replaced , but new business was rapidly created . 
  nobody talks about the welfare of the horse shoe makers when the car came . 
  because they found something else to do . 
  this happens all the time . 
  what about phone switch operators ? 
  where did they go ? 
  yes . 
  capitalism means that government is not involved other than contracts and disputes . 
  that is nitpicking , and evasion from the original point which is what is government financed and run . 
  fact is that this easily goes under the government , and is not a part of the free market per se . 
  right , but there 's the thing . 
  you see the order of events here ? 
  first capitalism happened , enabling people to actually complain about such stuff . 
  first came the wealth , then there came the communism movement . 
  poverty went down , school quality and availability went up . 
  then the demands came by law through movements , and they took all the honor for all the progress . 
  if you look at trends before and after things got passed by law , you can see that the trend is continuing * before * as well as after . 
  sometimes the trend even stops after government programs are put in motion , like the `` war on poverty '' . 
  http://i.imgur.com/wgahjk4.jpg what government run institutions have done are 2 things : 1 ) couping a working service which was getting better constantly . 
  2 ) stagnating it and often making it worse . 
  like ringo starr said : `` everything government touches turns to crap . '', 
  - and he was from liverpool !, 
  this is not true . 
  if you really ate the rich in usa for example . 
  that is - taking everything that they owned , their homes , their inheritance , thus destroying all private capital - it would barely scrape through for one year . 
  including taking back all the troops , cutting foreign aid etc. 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=661pi6k-8wq pop quiz : how many could afford a mobile phone in the 80s vs now ? 
  you honestly think the economy is a zero sum game , when you actually have lived and observed the world for years ? 
  hans rosling also says that the minimum poverty is gone by 2030 . 
  everyone 's getting richer . 
  the communist manifesto states that school has to be * government * ( public ) run so they can convey the state 's ideas to children in an efficient manner . 
  schools existed before the manifesto was even published , and the ideas of the manifesto were known . 
  schools were simply not possible in the same manner before the industrial revolution and capitalism , because everyone had to work  90 % of their time on a farm to even feed themselves , including children . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc owner british public ( publicly owned ) http://bbcwatch.org/bbc-background `` domestic broadcasting is funded principally by an annual television licence fee charged by law to all british households , companies and organisations receiving live tv broadcasts . '', 
  http://www.theguardian.com/media/live/2015/jul/16/bbc-future-set-out-in-government-green-paper-live-updates if bbc is not linked to government at all , how come they fund domestic broadcasts with a licence by law , and that politicians have the power to change it 's structure ? 
  i agree though , that tories are n't good either . 
  i mean public spending is a big problem , and throwing money at a governmental institution to make it better does n't help . 
  we have a so called `` right wing '' party here as well . 
  but all they do is to cut taxes in one place , raising them in another . 
  also increasing public spending as well . 
  left or right , they both want big government . 
  and any reform is likely to make it worse . 
  i mean in general , if they slash some public service , they should equally slash the tax for normal people , or establish an alternative . 
  just cutting stuff does not make sense for people ...
