  yes . 
  article : http://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/milliardaerer-paa-omsorg-og-asylsoekere/a/23542401/ here is the biggest one of them : http://hero.no, 
  yes i actually look up to texan regulations on housing !, 
  and the reasons you state is exactly why it 's cheap . 
  exact opposite to scandinavian rules . 
  i know right !, 
  also norwegian government contracts private asylum companies to provide housing in the private market . 
  which means that private individuals can rent their apartment to the asylum company . 
  this is happening more and more , since a lot of older norwegians sit on 2 apartments that they got cheap in the old days . 
  the city owns a lot of property and apartments in the city center , at least in oslo . 
  so you do n't need to be rich , just to be on welfare and have social housing . 
   but i am not sure if stockholm or oslo owns enough property to really affect the pricing in general ... 
  in oslo , it is forbidden to build high , to even expand . 
  because oslo has this holy border to the forest which is sacred to them . 
  more people move in to the city , but not much new is built . 
  in addition you have inflation ( money printing ) which inherently rises the prices . 
  also oslo has some rule that you ca n't make apartments smaller than a certain size in the center . 
  not sure if that rule still applies . 
  if the commentary is objective , well ok . 
  but i do n't trust the government to be objective at all . 
  also , they will have lost money especially if nobody buys it , because then they sit on a ton of books that costed money to produce . 
  in principle , it is not a government 's job to do such things . 
  not sure why government money should be spent printing that book ... 
  men can get raped by women and not be able to fight back . 
  mentally challenged , drugged and very drunk men . 
  john locke ( philosopher , founder of the concept of inalienable rights , ** father of classical liberalism ** ) jean-baptiste say ( french economist ) fr\u00e9d\u00e9ric bastiat ( classical liberal theorist , political economist ) thomas hobbes ( philosopher ), 
  it sounds like a lot of money , but public sector will eat most of it . 
  in 2013 it was calculated that public retirements would cost 4335 billion nok , and then it was bigger than the oil fund itself . 
  i ca n't believe that it 's any better now , with a growing public sector and failing oil investment returns because of the oil price . 
  they are already starting to cut back on retirement deals ... 
  the problem is that the fund is already promised to pensions ... 
  it 's not even enough . 
  it 's even called `` pensjonsfond utland '' = retirement fund abroad . 
  abroad meaning investments abroad i guess . 
  we do  we are not that bad off . 
  you have called me out on nothing since i have no idea who the poster is . 
  and i took the video extra seriously since it was trevor phillips . 
  but you have not even seen the video . 
  please stop . 
  you are not making a good figure . 
  yeah sure , i am a blatant racist because it happened to come from that channel . 
  you are also just proving the point that so called `` anti racists '' are not interested in fact , but in slamming people whose opinions they do n't like . 
  and there came the breivik comment . 
  perfect , now everyone can see how you people are acting . 
  you seem to care about who posted the video in the first place ( which i was unaware of who was ) , so why ca n't i say who produced it ? 
  this seems to matter to you ... 
  keep proving my point !, 
  it is a horrible mindset to be blinded by the association rather than discovering that it 's a channel4 produced documentary from uk lead by a black fellow trevor phillips previously from the british labour party . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trevor_phillips he is deputy chair of the board of the national equality standard , and other business appointments include chair of green park diversity analytics , director of webberphillips , a data analytics provider ; and director of pepper productions , an independent television production company . 
  he is a member of the board of the barbican arts centre and the council of aldeburgh music ; and a trustee of the social mobility foundation , among other charities . 
  you are really making an idiot out of yourself !, 
  very cute . 
  you must have problems reading . 
  the video is a british documentary produced by channel 4 !, 
  call me racist all you want , i do n't care . 
  you have some seriously broken `` thinking '' . 
  yawn , this is getting boring , you have lost . 
  `` ok ''  you have learned nothing from this , but everyone who comes in and reads the whole conversation hopefully will . 
  you are more obsessed with people 's associations than facts . 
  you are served the original video on a silver platter from a `` legit '' channel , yet you are still hung up . 
  i am sorry , but i ca n't take you seriously , and i hope noone else will . 
  because i linked to a shortened version of a british documentary from the `` wrong channel '' . 
  bravo , you can not be taken seriously . 
  i am none of these things , i would say you are a part of the problem and you are actually one of the contributors of child suffering , since your stigmatization of people silences them , and prevents uncovering abuse . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself labeling innocent people as racists . 
  the documentary is british and the guy is black . 
  it 's an excerpt from this documentary . 
  happy now ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb2ifikowyu trevor phillips confronts some uncomfortable truths about racial stereotypes , as he asks if attempts to improve equality have led to serious unwanted negative consequences i will replace the original link so i do n't get any more idiots into my response . 
  the documentary is british and the guy is black . 
  it 's an excerpt from this documentary . 
  happy now ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb2ifikowyu trevor phillips confronts some uncomfortable truths about racial stereotypes , as he asks if attempts to improve equality have led to serious unwanted negative consequences, 
  the documentary is british and the guy is black . 
  it 's an excerpt from this documentary . 
  happy now ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tb2ifikowyu trevor phillips confronts some uncomfortable truths about racial stereotypes , as he asks if attempts to improve equality have led to serious unwanted negative consequences, 
  translation : you do n't care about facts , but you are occupied with portraying yourself as politically correct . 
  would reposting the video under another name make you feel better ? 
  also , the interviewer is british and black  lol, 
  the nazis did not come with facts , but irrational hatred . 
  ... what downvotes for this ? 
  you have learned nothing from this conversation . 
  i got handed this video , i watched it . 
  i did n't bother checking the channel , because i care about what that video said , not about the persons around it . 
  you should learn to do the same . 
  i am not scared of being called a racist , because i 'm not . 
  i am interested in facts . 
  but you seem to be more interested in personal characteristics and calling out `` racists '' which was precisely my point in the first place . 
  you are a part of the problem , living proof right there . 
  attacking without even watching the * contents * of the video . 
  wow , yeah this has been going on for some time then . 
  it is sort of like that in norway as well , that it 's somehow shameful to be `` nationalist '' . 
  they define patriots and people who like their own country as `` nationalists '' . 
  and another annoying thing is that they always use immigrants for national day speeches , flower giving ceremonies etc. 
  just to show how multicultural and tolerant we are . 
  sick . 
  how long ago was this ? 
  they will not respect the swedes , since politeness and being accepting is viewed as a weakness in their culture . 
  haha yeah but the current culture seems to be having no visible culture ...
