it 's not only that but also tax burden and other red tape . 
  haha  great post !, 
  kinda hard to die in traffic when you 're stuck in traffic jams , 
  so , who 's right and om what grounds are those more bullshit than credit suisse ? 
  facts are facts . 
  exactly . 
  i think it 's bloody awful that they involve the kids in this and they get exposed to teargas , loud bangs and possible death by trampling . 
  hehe , i am sure uk will do fine without eu . 
  should be normal trade agreements . 
  do n't need eu for that . 
  haha , unfortunally we have another agreement where we get none of eus benefits , and our politicians happily implement the eu directives the times clamps down on freedom . 
  but when a directive comes - like dissolving the postal services monopoly - then they put down veto ... 
  i feel excited !, 
  funny how 's there no norwegian source for this . 
  when i read news that 's actually important , i have to resort to foreign media , and that 's quite often !, 
  why should anyone care what you say and why do you comment yourself ? 
  they choose to pick on the nicest men in the world while letting in the real rape culture with open arms . 
  there was the dame thing at the tahrir square in egypt during the arab spring . 
  viking raids , pillaging etc. 
  :p forced sterilization of travellers ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_and_swedish_travellers ) 1934-1977 forced assimilation of a sami people, 
  what 's the deal with the carpets on the walls ? 
  it 's more fun in uk , and also they get benefits that are good compared to the purchasing power they get there . 
  also he probably has a network there . 
  a double cheeseburger , 
  not in norway i guess ... 
  the funny thing is that , it 's not that much cheaper in the rural areas , or smaller towns . 
  it 's just more or less expensive all over . 
  nobody eats out here on a regular basis . 
  there are tons of kebab joins though . 
  but i suspect their meat is not always from the best sources . 
  yeah ... 
  i go to the small deli desk in the grocery store and get grilled chicken . 
  and mcdonalds has burgers for 10 and 20 nok . 
  around 150 nok in norway for a proper one . 
  when i go past the bakery i burst out in laugh because it 's so crazy expensive . 
  a small baguette is 70 nok . 
  monetary inflation and building regulations . 
  also look at the interest rate now vs 20 years ago !, 
  of course i am , but the article is also about `` why the iphone costs us billions '' , why does it `` cost us '' ? 
  what did apple take and not pay for ? 
  the article talks like apple is a property of the collective . 
  noone is losing anything here . 
  rather people are gaining since they obviously think an iphone is more worth than their private money upon purchase . 
  usa, 
  more reasonable to fight for separation of state and economy , so there wo n't be any revolving doors . 
   to come out with firearms of similar rates of fire , reliability and accuracy as modern weapons ? 
  for the same cost ( who pays for the 3d printing equipment , and if it 's borrowed then why would certain parts not be regulated ) ? 
  it will happen sooner or later , as tech gets better . 
  then what ? 
  even more regulations ? 
  it 's not going to help anything banning guns or 3d printers . 
  guns are not the source of the problem , cultural , relational and medical issues are . 
  when everyone can carry a gun , the perpetrator runs a huge risk in opening fire , because he/she does not know who carries or not , and can die in an instant . 
  that 's why it 's important to not restrict guns for law abiding citizens . 
  and again , statistics show that there 's no correlation with gun ownership and gun crime . 
  https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/10/06/zero-correlation-between-state-homicide-rate-and-state-gun-laws  which shootings specifically ? 
  we 're talking about a knife attack here , in a more or less `` gun free zone '' as well . 
  then why are we discussing gun laws ? 
   if you really want to stop shootings , you should look at all causes and contributing and enabling factors and tackle them based on how easily modifiable and how impactful they are . 
  and that 's exactly what i am doing . 
   a mind has not killed anybody yet , unless and arguably in cases of suicide . 
  and a gun has never killed anybody on it 's own . 
  and at the same time you make it harder for law abiding citizens to protect themselves . 
  note that these shootings are all in so called gun free zones . 
  if you really want to stop shootings , you should look at how damaging the psychological drugs like antidepressants are , and how  90 % of the shootings are linked to these drugs handed out doctors legally . 
  a man 's mind is the most dangerous weapon if screwed with . 
  a gun is a tool . 
  also statistics show that there 's no correlation between gun crime and gun ownership . 
  a harvard study confirms this . 
  actually the opposite if i remember correctly . 
  but then you ruin the ability for other law abiding citizens to protect themselves , and stop these things . 
  soon people can 3d print barrels etc. 
   90 % of the shootings are people that were on psychological drugs . 
  better look into that , and also promote the morality of not having single parent households . 
  `` psych meds linked to 90 % of school shootings '' read more at http://www.wnd.com/2012/12/psych-meds-linked-to-90-of-school-shootings, 
  yes breivik went through some hoops to do that . 
  he did not simply take a rifle from his mother but went through a long process to get it . 
  yup , if someone really want to kill someone , they will . 
  a common denominator in most cases are antidepressants, 
  with a little effort one can get it on the black market . 
  yeah 4 years . 
  and it might even be canceled if some other party gets the seat next term . 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  it creates a lot of uncertainty . 
  no more hotel parking ... 
  this area : http://1.vgc.no/drpublish/images/article/2015/10/17/23544557/1/990/trafikkstopp_oslo.jpg, 
  they will make a ton of exemptions for taxis , disabled people etc. 
  but normal people have to walk from then on . 
  there 's lots of small pubs and niche stores that have a small storage , which use their car as transport of goods . 
  that is not possible anymore . 
  we should reduce government spending , and cut regulations and taxes . 
  ok , but i think the tax is to counteract the consequences of nation-wide monetary policy which is increasing the money supply , thus giving people bigger loans , thus increase house prices . 
  we also got property taxes now :( but it is decision that each individual municipality take . 
  but nearly everyone uses it . 
  how much is the property tax in texas ? 
  depends on who ( which economic school e.g. 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inflation#austrian_view ) you listen to . 
  price levels can increase also because of increased demand because something is more scarce . 
  but increased money supply increases price levels all over because everyone suddenly has more money to buy for . 
  the new money trickles down the economy where the first ones to get the new money ( real estate brokers etc ) has the purchasing power of the previous cycle , while normal people experience increased prices .
