  what people get pissed about , is that `` capitalists '' change the laws to their advantage . 
  this is called crony capitalism or corporatism . 
  almost nobody is pissed about mom and pop stores having a business and making money from it . 
  what is worse ? 
  that everyone is equally poor , or that someone are more super rich than others ? 
  is equality more important than everyone being better off ? 
  these old theories from marx have been refuted a number of times . 
  i mean look around you . 
  are we better or worse off now ? 
  even back in the industrial revolution , people got to send their kids to school as opposed to dying in farm labor which many children actually died from . 
  in china after creating economical free zones , a lot of the chinese people came out of poverty . 
  according to marx someone else would have come worse off , but this is false . 
  yes , central bank ( which is the base of the whole money supply ) , subsidized farming , subsidizing specific sectors , regulation of business and people , public schools , public roads , retirement homes , nhs and so on are a bit more than 0.5 would n't you say ? 
  old british telecom ? 
  central bank and forced currency which affects everything !, 
  the base of the economy ( money supply ) is run and centrally planned . 
  government owned enterprises , government stock ownership in private companies , affecting their decisions . 
  health , schools , cultural stuff , roads , you name it . 
  administration of all this ( which is a huge part of the economy ) not to speak of indirect control of all business which is all the regulations on how they will behave according to the government wishes . 
  quotas , import control , trade restrictions and subsidies . 
  this is about the `` mixed economy '' : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1a5dlfrfli0, 
  `` does n't work '' and `` co-dependent '' sounds far too vague for an answer . 
   yes they should do mostly foreign policy , defense and law . 
  education , health and retirement is a private matter . 
  one thing is to guarantee care on a piece of paper , but nobody takes responsibility for it when it fails . 
  in norway ( which is my country , and i am very well versed in it 's politics and issues ) , 4500 patients die every year because of hospital mistakes alone . 
  50 % could have been avoided because they are a consequence of structural issues in the public health system . 
  not counting people dying in queues and other things . 
  that is a big number considering norway 's population is 5 million . 
  public school creates 20 % that can not read or write properly . 
  old people are sleeping in toilets and hallways , showers every 2nd week etc. 
  clearly governmental run stuff does n't work , but the thing here is that there 's proof in different countries , across time . 
  not isolated incidents . 
  all countries have massive problems . 
  even uk 's holy cow `` nhs '' have problems , like people pulling their own teeth in desperation waiting for an appointment , old people thirsting to death etc. 
  where 's the criticism there ? 
  it 's probably capitalism 's fault too . 
  you can ask , what does really bring wealth ? 
  what pays for all these things ? 
  who actually helps people ? 
  it 's you and me . 
  however i am never provided with facts , data , statistics on why capitalism does not work . 
  yes , because a mixed economy leads to an unfair society with corruption and enormous waste of resources . 
  what problems are those ? 
  the real world scenario is that there is 50/50 government/capitalism , and that they are following the rules the government created . 
  it is everywhere around you , also there is this graph based on world bank etc numbers : http://markhumphrys.com/bitmaps/economic.freedom.gdp.2006.gif why do you think sweden got so wealthy before ? 
  was it because of a big welfare state ? 
  no , it was because of entrepeneurs , and and an investor friendly environment , before the welfare state even started to exist . 
  singapore and hong kong are also great examples . 
  they were sumps and villages 50 years ago , but look at them now . 
  it 's a mixed economy , and not pure capitalism . 
  but capitalism component is always the one to blame , even though the government made the tax rules . 
  this never ceases to amaze me . 
  no , you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   my solution would be to heavily reduce taxes and regulations for everyone , and basically get government out of business . 
  much like the separation of church and state . 
  the tax rules are so complicated that big business can hire the lawyers and experts necessary to pay less tax . 
  while small business ca n't afford that expertise . 
  people that are for big government , are ironically for big business as well . 
  you need private enterprise to produce the wealth that they collect money from ( same theory as free range livestock performs tastes better ) . 
  but this is too far fetched for most europeans and americans . 
  but these bureaucratic regimes are the reason why all the nations are in huge debts , because money is wasted through government programs , which has lead to enormous misallocations in the economy . 
  politicians actually do harmful things with money , like rewarding stupidity . 
  so in most cases it would be better if someone just set the money on fire . 
  and secondly , most of the money gets reinvested into the market , believe it or not !, 
  good . 
  less money to be wasted by incompetent politicians . 
  wish this deal meant that hulu , amazon prime instant delivery and all that stuff was made available . 
  :( also that everyone agreed to either use 30 fps or 25 fps video , and 230v instead of 110v, 
  hopefully it wo n't be covered up like the rotherham child sexual exploitation scandal . 
  not so much . 
  it goes to the retirement fund , which will get empty before i reach retirement age . 
  it 's a oil smeared ponzi scheme . 
  `` free '' in norway , but you need to be a tax slave  70 % of your productive time . 
  yeah , but what i was thinking is that basic income would replace every aspect of the welfare state . 
  like healthcare and everything . 
  you get `` free '' money , and the rest is up to you to spend on private services . 
  that would get rid of a lot of bureaucracy . 
  such as `` free '' healthcare etc as well ? 
  if it completely replaces the system it 's better . 
  but if it becomes an addition or a `` small change '' to an existing welfare system , then it will be worse . 
  if basic income meant that it would completely replace the welfare system , but it wo n't . 
  it will be a supplement . 
  else than that it would be better than a bureaucratic system micromanaging everything . 
  but it wo n't be like that ... 
  i guess from these pictures is where they got inspiration for the richard harrow in boardwalk empire . 
  one of them has the exact same face prosthetic . 
  that 's what separate anglo-europeans from the rest . 
  we are a revisionist culture , at least since the enlightenment . 
  perfect , 
  i guess the visa free travel and eu membership deal is out the window now , 
  if that 's true why are the arrested people migrants from non-western countries ? 
  statistically it should have been native germans as well . 
  you do n't `` thank '' the netherlands in any way , but you give the finger to your homeland !, 
  i guess some people do n't like facts :-|, 
  yeah i have read about it , but not the book , 
  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2013-02-18/chart-day-spanish-debt actually spain has had a boom/bust cycle for centuries !, 
  that graph shows very low interest rates before the crash . 
  one rule of thumb in macro economics and politics is that results are not instant . 
  the effects of a policy happens much later .
