  the only thing that will happen if scotland votes no is there will be a greater push for our nhs , schools etc to follow the english model of privatisation . 
  i suspect westminister will ensure that by reducing funds for scotland . 
  those evil germans with their evil green energy that might just help the planet . 
  i have no idea how they sleep at night . 
  i think it will be a lot soon than that . 
  to be honest it 's not just going to be africans in the future either . 
  not only is the middle east falling apart but saudi arabia and oman are close to running out of water . 
  there are also a growing number of articles about the depths the pakistan water table has fallen to . 
  at some , very soon there are going to be a vast number of people on the move and europe will be one place they want to head to . 
  there is a year to go . 
  anything can happen in that time, 
  i hope we vote for independence . 
  we will regret it if we do n't . 
  i live in scotland it would be a lot easier for us to be in the same timezone as the central eu, 
  independence, 
  excellent news, 
  so he likes sex and enjoys orgies . 
  he is an adult so i am not seeing the issue here . 
  i 'm not if you know this but spain has some rather broken bankrucpy laws . 
  in spain if you fall behnd on your mortgage the bank can take your house from you . 
  however things then get worse in spain . 
  the bank can sell your house , but as prices have crashed you will still own the bank the difference . 
  further spainish bankrucpy does not remove this mortgage debt . 
  and even worse vast numbers of spainish appartments are empty because of over supply . 
  so if you lose your job , you can be homeless , broke and still owe the bank a large debt that gets larger every month . 
  decent housing for all in spain would be rather easy . 
  let people move into the empty appartments that are never going to be sold . 
  i am glad to hear denmark is maintaining animal welfare standards , 
  terrible reporting . 
  the problems with halal have little to do with '' yet many said it did not bother them if somebody said a few prayers over a carcass . '', 
  the problems are the ignoring of animal welfare standards for religious reasons . 
  the other major problem is that halal meat does not have to be labeled as such because the producers fear people will stop buying it if they know about it . 
  nations either have animal welfare standards or they do n't . 
  if they do religion should not get a avoid them . 
  food should be labeled so people can make an informed decision when buying it . 
  d'oh yup you are right . 
  i agree with also all of what you have said , but personally i think the islamic civil war started when ~ ~ iran ~ ~ iraq invaded ~ ~ iraq ~ ~ iran in 1980 and syria is just the current battleground . 
  the west really just needs to stay out of the middle east and let them kill each other . 
  nothing we do is going to stop it or make it any better . 
  the uk id card was going to be a disaster . 
  collecting vast amounts of information , linked to many government departments . 
  plans were that you would register for the cards at supermarkets !, 
  and be required to scan the card to buy tobacco , alcohol etc, 
  come to scotland . 
  we have a lot of them , 
  a good step forward but do n't hold your breath . 
  a few months ago england said trains running through the tunnel must use airline style security checks , and that they would not place immigration staff in any new locations . 
  this means at the moment trains can not run from amsterdam or k\u00f6ln etc. 
  further the db plans involved the usual idea of people getting on the train at k\u00f6ln and getting off before the tunnel ( an obvious use of the train ) , but this would not be allowed . 
  entireweb.com is a decent search engine . 
  based in sweden, 
  i have no problem with this at all , 
  if scotland is a good example your churchs will become excellent bookstores , cafes , theaters and music schools, 
  turkey is not a part of europe, 
  there are a lot of people on the left who support workers rights , womens rights , gay rights and can see the damage immigration is doing . 
  not everyone on the left supports endless immigration . 
  wait ... so we can be told what products come from israel but we can not have labeling to show when meat is produced by religious slaughter ? 
  the treatment of atheists , women , gay people , apostates and jews by muslims offends me . 
  the concept that this backwards , dark ages political/religions system is given any credibility in the 21st century is almost beyond belief . 
  oh we want to . 
  we might even vote for it next year , 
  he is an idea . 
  when the un actually speaks out against the treatment of women , homosexuals and atheists in the islamic world then the west should start to listen to them . 
  there is no freedom of religion in many islamic countries . 
  until the muslim world decides it wants to leave the 7th century and join us in the modern world they should sftu . 
  and for your enjoyment , here is a video of a imman explaining that if people were free to leave islam , there would be no islam today . 
  other people would say `` cyprus is a classic tax haven , by choice '' http://www.taxresearch.org.uk/blog/2013/03/23/on-cyprus/, 
  that is probably their plan . 
  my preference for norway is that i have friends there , however if there is a repeat of the butter crisis i might look at sweden , 
  you are right  i have a ccnp/dp . 
  my next job hunt is going to be in norway i think . 
  i have friends there and companies seems to value experience and quailifications a lot more . 
  i live in scotland . 
  i saw a job this week . 
  * it support * must be fluent in english and german * must be able to provide written support in spanish * ccna essential * 2 years experience of it remote support * # 14000 3 languages and a ccna and they are paying slightly above the minimum wage . 
  how shocking , the police doing their job and looking for illigal imigrants . 
  the legal imigrants should be thankful , they would have worked very hard to move to sweden and if they want their new country to remain as nice as when they moved there they should be supporting the police in thee actions . 
  i would love to see the breakdown between england , scotland , wales and northern ireland but i 'm not sure there figures are available, 
  best korea will be victorious !, 
  the opel/gm thing is all very odd . 
  in australia the gm brand is holden . 
  in the last few years they have stopped selling rebadged opel cars and are now building in australia daewoo cars and selling them as holden . 
  in 2012 opel entered the australian market selling the cars holden used to sell . 
  so there are now 2 gm companies both aiming at the same price points , selling different cars . 
  * england and wales * scotland will have seperate legistation and i think we both know the progress ni will be making :(, 
  this is all just for the benfit of a few very rich companies . 
  the nature of rail means there can be very little choice for passengers and usually they dont want choice . 
  they want easy ticketing options and a simple system to use . 
  take a look at the mess in the uk and the vast amounts of money given to business to see just where `` choice '' ends up . 
  it is still allowed here :(, 
  he sounded rather dutch to me :(, 
  what is the problem with posting this ? 
  should it be ignored and not posted ? 
  or should we just accept this sort of crap happening in england ? 
  i do n't even there but i want to know it is going on . 
  religion ... not even once, 
  there is a rather strong cult following of kommissar rex in australia  they also show the norwegian movie `` get ready to be boyzvoiced '' which noone outside of australia or norway has ever heard of . 
  pope borgia knows how to get things done , 
  i grew up in australia . 
  some years ago i was worried about a small freckle on my arm .
