/ r/european is far less censored that here . 
  i think the 2015 election will be marked as the year the english swung behind an anti-eu party while scotland votes for a pro-eu party . 
  this is how the politicians in london feel and act . 
  it 's sad but true, 
  `` we were surprised that a five-year ww3 scenario , mimicking the same proportion of people killed in the first and second world wars combined , barely registered a blip on the human population trajectory this century , '' said prof barry brook , who co-led the study at the university of adelaide , in australia . 
  overpopulation is the biggest threat we have , and is directly part of most of our other problems . 
  reports this week suggest that even if every couple started having only one child we are still fucked . 
  yet politicians just want more people and more growth, 
  thanks  i agree that westminster will not want to address this again , but if the snp win a lot of seats in 2015 , if the yes parties win holyrood in 2016 and then england votes to leave the eu , the foundations are there for another vote in scotland . 
  when that happens i think scotland will very quickly vote leave the uk . 
  i find it very interesting that the people i know who voted no just a few weeks ago have no desire to leave the eu . 
  if the uk leaves the eu i have no doubt scotland will leave the uk, 
  we have an mep from ukip because they spent millions on advertising , had wall to wall coverage in the media , combined with a low voter turnout for the eu elections . 
  if ukip did not have very large sugar daddies funding the party they would not have won the seat . 
  ukip as a party have no visible present on the ground up here . 
  they do n't door knock , they do n't have street stalls and i 'm yet to see any evidence of healthy , well supported local groups . 
  and to be clear i am sure they have all of this in the south east of england . 
  i am not saying ukip does not have wide support down there . 
  i live in scotland , the few times people talk about about it , euro is singular and plural . 
  i 'm sure captia and 4gs are ready and waiting, 
  how would the scottish one look please ? 
  my comment was based on the picture shown , the time i spend in germany every year with my gf and her family and what i read/hear in the german media . 
  because they are not german . 
  they will not call themselves german and they will have far stronger ties to their religion and their country of origin than to germany . 
  `` a religion teaches ; it is a form of life that gives one peace and happiness . '', 
  ah yes peace and happiness are the first things i think of when thinking about islam, 
  lots of us use kg . 
  my gym does . 
  my doctor does . 
  the vet for my cats does . 
  the sports i play use metric . 
  i have no idea why some people are stuck in the 19th century . 
  well there already the are the ahmadiyya . 
  the reject violence and spend a lot of their time building hospitals and funding charity . 
  the problem is the main islamic sects like to kill the ahmadiyya and in parts of the uk if a local paper dares to call the ahmadiyya muslims the paper will very quickly get a visit from some `` proper muslims '' to sort it all out . 
  and some citations before the endless downvotes : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/humanity_first http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ahmadis http://archbishop-cranmer.blogspot.co.uk/2014/04/luton-on-sunday-newspaper-bows-to-luton.html, 
  no no , you misunderstand . 
  you need to open yourself up to the cultural enrichment we are getting . 
  then where are the protests about the dailiy killing of muslims by muslim terror attacks . 
  since the start of ramadan the death toll from muslim on muslim bombings and terror attacks currently stands at over 1670 . 
  i look forward to a similar level of outrage against this loss of life and the condementation from the muslim world against the muslims doing this . 
  do the people of sweden really want this ? 
  ah ok . all of the them who are not criminals , and for as long as it takes . 
  so when 100 million people start to leave africa and head north we just need to welcome them and get used to the new living situation we find ourselves in . 
  and lets not even think about the middle east or the water crisis in pakistan . 
  i think we should be spending a lot more on aid to these places but the reality is at some point europe needs to see that no matter how may `` migrants '' we take , it 's not going to solve the problem and is only going to make things worse here . 
  just out of interest how many people should italy be taking ? 
  10k per month ? 
  100k per month ? 
  how long should this go on for ? 
  this also happened in australia . 
  muslim gang raping white women yet the police did not issues specific warning . 
  you can wonder what they would have said if it was a white gang raping muslim women . 
  it seems this video has now been removed :(, 
  i would pay a decent amount of doge to watch him do that , 
  from what i have read elsewhere they will need to pass the a1 exam . 
  scottish, 
  scotland already has 3 banks printing pounds and they are used everyday here . 
  i really wish the `` british '' could have been divided between england , scotland , wales and ni . 
  different parts of the uk feel far more european than others . 
  the cefr is a framework that books , courses etc can aim towards but it 's not a standard set in stone . 
  a2 books for teens are a lot different than a2 books for finding a job . 
  using german as an example i have found a2 books can be complex and contain far more grammar and other things than needed for the exam . 
  some a2 german books bring in the written past alongside the spoken past , but the written part of the exam you do n't need the written past , and if casual writing you can just use the spoken past anyway . 
  there are also german textbooks aimed at teaching just for the exam and these are a lot more concise . 
  if you are aiming just to pass the exam then the lighter ones are enough . 
  the goethe tests have a decent amount of speaking in them that allows you to use your own vocab . 
  in one part you are given a photo and have to make up a story about the people in it . 
  you only need to pass the a2 exam . 
  this is not fluent . 
  it 's the ability to '' can understand sentences and frequently used expressions related to areas of most immediate relevance ( e.g. 
  very basic personal and family information , shopping , local geography , employment ) . 
  can communicate in simple and routine tasks requiring a simple and direct exchange of information on familiar and routine matters . 
  can describe in simple terms aspects of his/her background , immediate environment and matters in areas of immediate need . '', 
  anyone wanting to live in a country should be expected to do this after 12 months . 
   sale in the us is technically limited to medical consumers 2 states have fully legalised and i believe legal sales have started . 
  in 2014 4 more states will vote on full legalisation . 
  no matter how many refugees australia takes there will be 100 times as many wanted to get there . 
  the only real solution is improving the countries they are leaving from, 
  at the recent australia elections using av in the lower house these were the results : labor 33.4 % 55 seats lnp 45.6 % 90 seats greens 8.6 % 1 seat pup 5.5 % 1 seat kat 1.04 % 1 seat indpendants 1.37 % 2 seats with av you can still have one party dominating with less that 50 % of the vote . 
  for a representative parliament some form of pr is needed and av does ont deliver that . 
  because it does nothing to broaden representation . 
  in at least 90 % of seats it is going to boil down to a decision between the 3 major parties . 
  there will be no other parties included . 
  spend some time looking into the australian lower house where the system is used . 
  it becomes a system where people vote to keep the major party they do n't support out . 
  i 'm not sure i have ever seen labour in favour of pr for westminister . 
  it would have been a tiny step towards fairer votes but it would in no way have made the parliament more representative . 
  this is excellent news . 
  a far better map would be looking at how proportional the different election systems are . 
  i dont see why this has to be `` right-wing populism '' . 
  i 'm very much on left , yet want shariah courts banned , religious meat slaughter to follow our laws , stand up for gay rights etc. 
  this sort of thing just encourages the total seperation of some communities from the norms of society , and of late they are mostly muslim staying seperate . 
  well said, 
  cameron said for the scotland vote having more than once choice would confuse voters . 
  it 's odd as northern ireland and scotland use single transferable vote for some elections , but the voters of england are not allowed to use this . 
  welcome to britain . 
  if you actually believe the condems will give scotland more power in the event of a no vote , then i have a bridge i could sell you . 
  labour , the torys and the libdems all support the union . 
  further ukip have a policy of replacing holyrood with westminster mps .
