  we do too , but the word is from either german or swedish . 
  apples are n't called that here and neither is china spelled so ... 
  hmm , what about those villages next to nuclear power stations ? 
  winning in general or winning more than he is spending ? 
  scratch cards and lottery have really horrible returns here . 
  here the problem was mechanical nature which meant very high maintenance to keep them running . 
  3-5 wheels are much more simple and most modern machines are touch screens anyway so even less mechanical stuff to keep working . 
  how can it be olympic sport if they do it yearly ? 
  go read their sub-reddit ... 
  they really now think they should be tipped ... 
  ah , the industry regulating itself ... 
   i do n't know about your country , but here you have to pass a test to have a driving license why you support such meddlesome over regulation ? 
  would n't any normal child or adult be able to drive a vehicle without some extraneous stuff ? 
  from how uber operates in america i do n't think they are healthy in long term . 
  now their prices are so low that drivers think they deserve tips , where as when it stated the income was livable . 
  i 'm all for regulation , if that regulation means that prices are controlled and availability is guaranteed at all times . 
  sometimes this means that prices are higher to offset the low times like weekday nights . 
  i do n't have anything against private photos taken and held off-site or in secure onsite . 
  but publishing them on web ... then again my only picture on fb is 10 years old ... 
  finland is fun in this regard . 
  it 's fully legal for uber to operate and offer services here . 
  the drivers are the once committing the crime if they do n't have license , training and so on . 
  make alcohol and tobacco the exeptions , set 100 % tax or such to discourage use , phase in better alternatives like marijuana etc. 
  kids playing on sidewalk might be a leading cause for them ... or near there . 
  could n't we just skip that step and have them turn to atheist directly ? 
  and you already have cayman islands . 
  the population there do n't seem to be so grateful ... 
  that looks so horrible . 
  then they just need to use those guns for free state right ? 
  that is part of constitution after all ? 
  i 'm okay for them to wear gas mask for entirety of their service . 
  provided they pay for filters during non riot operations themselves . 
  what type of chocolate ? 
  we tend to go for milk chocolate . 
  which is pretty horrible when accustomed to belgian for example ... 
  if you want war you must be ready to make sacrifices . 
  so they were both playing games . 
  business as usual . 
  but is n't free market capitalism going to save us all ? 
  small sacrifice to make for unity of eu . 
  timezones are a massive in general mess . 
  ca n't we just brand these groups as eco-terrorist and jail them for live ? 
  it does n't , but it pays them, 
  because the children are way to secure that future . 
  due to pension , healthcare and welfare in general people do n't need to get children to take care for them when they are in old . 
  as such if you ca n't afford children it 's better not to get one . 
  if you ca n't afford not to have children it better to get as many as you can . 
  why not just ship them to eu approved camps in their claimed countries of origin . 
  i think most na immigrants would likely wage their changes more if they were to be shipped to me ... 
  does she present best values of christianity and catholicism specifically ? 
  even tennis and golf is unnecessarily dangerous . 
  walking , jogging and swimming in shallow low risk of drowning pools should be sufficient to keep healthy . 
  extreme sports is valid reason . 
  even extreme exercising . 
  including marathons , maybe even tennis and so on . 
  limit acceptable exercise to regular walking , joggin and swimming in sufficiently shallow pool . 
  why have any base when you can have all of them ? 
  i wonder if they are going to ditch the confusing and messy decimal money too . 
  just get a heat gun ... 
  just ignore the stupid and go with modernish nuclear . 
  so you are saying that isis is kurds friend ? 
  so darwin awards are the solution ? 
  verollinen is prefered through . 
  it 's better cause you do n't see what will kill you . 
  in the winter it 's even more fun , snow , ice and wet . 
  though then the limit is 60 or 70 :(, 
  100km/h for busses and light/modern vans . 
  gravel rounds are n't that uncommon even in the suburbs near to the town centres . 
  they covered the number ... how i can now identify it ? 
  it 's worth dying over if i can get it . 
  you guys are on . 
  or try to find another deal which now have precedent in eu ... 
  here there is paid services where you get most info for vehicle including owners , apart from older private owners it seems or if there is block for info . 
  do you have any service where that one can be searched in ? 
  i wonder what kind of vehicle it came from . 
  which would make more sense , import something from there and then attach it to tank to be able to identify it for yourself . 
  then again i 'm not sure how big problem confusing your own tank with someone else 's tank is in syria ... 
  here they just paint in the special license number . 
  for tanks and other such stuff like wheeled apc ... why use standard on on a tank as military can really have it 's own rules ... 
  nah , they would allow them to restructure and get rid of any burden ... 
  it 's because they are the ones who are taking our j\u00f6bs ... 
  i have no doubt that they are n't as corrupt , they are just less greedy at the moment . 
  in general western media seems to have become makers of propaganda . 
  just look at reporting of clinton vs. trump . 
  and if they are that blatant in that , just wonder what goes on with bit more shame ... 
  being member includes a fee and certain rights that apply to everyone . 
  leaving means that you do n't have to pay the fee anymore , but either you do n't get the rights . 
  seems like fair deal . 
  now you can negotiate a new separate deal instead of membership , but why would the club members offer something better ? 
  i say we take all the refugees who speak finnish on native level . 
  that 's a fair and non discriminatory criteria right ? 
  this , it 's covers the ruined tasteless pasta . 
  and even fries are only if they are with sausages or meatballs . 
  for anything else some other sauce like mayo is way to go . 
  somewhat i have the feeling that these never end up that good . 
  it 's just a taste that does n't really work out that well outside certain ways in candies , in those it 's the best thing in the world . 
  but outside it somehow becomes artificial or fake for me ... 
  rovio is much less profitable compared to supercell ... 
  73 % , but headquaters are still here . 
  then again their employee count is peanuts ...
