  but customs in general . 
  now when i order something from uk ( same tax area ) store i do n't have to care about them at all . 
  once uk is outside single market i need to go through customs . 
  the limit is about 22 $ , but they are going to lower that . 
  why go through this trouble when i can get the same items or even stuff with our own socket from germany for same or lower price ... 
  it seems that people really miss just how great thing a single market is even for regular consumer . 
  nationalism is what made europe european . 
  it 's not always a bad thing . 
  it allowed us to protect ourselves when evil countries like uk and soviets declared war against us and tried to invade us . 
  we got better weapons , what exactly is stopping us ? 
  in finland uber itself is entirely operating in clear . 
  it 's the drivers who have same responsibilities as any taxi-drivers ... 
  which i think is the right way . 
  as long as they fill and follow same obligations as rest of market they should be in the clear . 
  or then the law makers demanded those as they wanted to waste money on things like their own wages , sports and `` culture '' ... 
  how long does that take ? 
  how many of such fares a driver has in average day ? 
  how much of that price is different taxes ? 
  what sort of vehicle and cost involved in that are we talking about here ? 
  because of price and insane setup in some areas of world for taxi-licenses ... 
  transferable ones that can be sold on ? 
  who ever thought that would be great idea ... 
  or are in some sort of situation that really is not gainful employment , but is made up to make numbers look nicer ... 
  more like understand that we ca n't build strong eu by giving in on everyone 's demands ... 
  specially when they are outside the eu . 
  i do n't . 
  we both hate mods . 
  you for them not allowing enough spam and be for allowing way too much . 
  democracy is a relic of greek history after all ... 
  one could be argued that extending solidarity towards countries who have murdered countless civilians around the world is wrong too . 
  what 's the point of interviewing one , if their opinions have no meaning ? 
  i wonder if spains aim is n't even taking over gibraltar , but just to for some fixes for their pain points with it ... 
  i doubt that there is too many jobs with livable pay , full-hours and long term employment . 
  that will be huge hit to uk economy . 
  it basically means massive increase of barriers of trade compared to current situation . 
  but , likely the end result now ... 
  wait is that a thing in any civilised country ? 
  maybe that could be a new job . 
  a guy sitting behind a desk and you pay an timed fee for idle chatter . 
  you are wasting money anyway , so why not pay some ... 
  here we just cut those benefits if the students earn enough ... 
  we can do those and lot of cash . 
  there is snow here ... 
  might be needed . 
  do n't want those dirty englanders illegally enter and steal our jobs ... / 1/2 s, 
  but what about having them lead by some unelected elite in some far away place that is very distanced from realities that regular folk face ? 
  should n't any person fight against that sort of thing ? 
  because they have checked other one and did not get urge to participate ... not that / r/finland has too much interesting stuff ... 
  also what does this type of security cooperation , intelligence sharing and international policing have to do with trade ? 
  let 's give them some nationalism . 
  those british plugs will suffice i think ... 
  and i see the idea of clickbait is n't anything new from the pope one ... 
  that must be a satirical magazine , right ? 
  we do our best . 
  so laws are totalitarian ? 
  so why ca n't we expect them to study finnish ? 
  if you are calling continuation of total ban on illegal substance you do n't partake in your views are irrelevant . 
  is a statement you agree also on then . 
  so any opinion about legalisation of drugs is irrelevant if the holder of those opinions is not recreational drug users ? 
  yes i 'm not a drug addict . 
  it 's not like there is n't passport checks still . 
  we just do n't require them to file and pay for some paperwork to come visit here for up to 90 days . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not like we do n't have visa free travel to many countries . 
  it just works the other way here . 
  so why not extend those laws to one of the most dangerous based on same merits ? 
  no one should oppose that if they believe the laws have true merits , correct ? 
  just think about all the drunk drivers , violence and death resulting from it . 
  clearly it 's very dangerous and damaging drug . 
  as non addict i can reliably evaluate those things , just like non-addicts can do on other drugs . 
  or maybe just legalise most drugs and start taxing everything ... and stop having double standards . 
  but if it clearly does not work and is the wrong way to do it . 
  what is behind it ? 
  wait how does starting work change the rotation of earth ? 
  so why are they still illegal ? 
  i ca n't believe that our leaders are so stupid that they keep up with something that clearly does n't work . 
  all the profit is in taxes ... 
  still , considering how many alkos there are around in bigger cities they must really be rolling in the money ... 
  is n't supercell bigger ? 
  at least they have found a way to suck their customers dry ... 
  but we now have clearly found way to make it work . 
  just look at all the other drugs ? 
  if prohibition did n't work why would they be illegal ? 
  personally i would just ban alcohol all together as damages from it are very clear and laws on other drugs are clearly working as they are still illegal . 
  reclassification would be easy thing to solve this problem . 
  why do we have to study swedish again ? 
  if you are a few thousand kilometers to east , maybe yes ... 
  they are already moving next step : having streaming requiring broadcasting license ... 
  utc it should be . 
  then just adjust schedules to something sane . 
  takes bit of getting used to at first , but should n't be that hard as any times can be sensible . 
  why ? 
  there is no reason for work to start at number 7 ... 
  because eu is n't some monster that we do n't have say in . 
  there is the parliament that is clear representative democracy . 
  council consist of leaders of country . 
  i wish they could be directly elected like prime ministers should be , but we ca n't have everything in our democracies ... 
  in reality eu is n't that bad . 
  scotland leaving uk and rejoining eu is somewhat sane approach . 
  uk leaving eu and stating that they will be better off is n't something that most people will think to be possible .
