  makes sense , everyone else is already recruited or they have better reach to them via workplaces . 
  5 % of 48 % is 2,4 % ... 
  which is one potential group that lost them the election . 
  why not one for when men are called names because something stupid ... maybe just because they say they do n't like something . 
  or publicly say that they wo n't go see one movie . 
  i hope too . 
  as liberal socialist i 'm now embarrassed of calling my self leftist ... 
  they are n't fighting for equal conscription here either . 
  which is one of the biggest inequalities ... 
  more floors more floorspace more supply . 
  short term more expensive , down the line cheaper as there is more supply . 
  insane rents and travel times are n't exactly small price . 
  i would rather take cheap living and fast travel for any amount of beauty , at least you ca n't see it from inside . 
  nice looking environment or half the rent ... 
  no we have n't if rent prices are anything to look at . 
  just have n't taken it far enough and stupid skyline rules stop progress . 
  how 's that immigration thing going over there ? 
  it really shows that single simple decisions can have much farther reaching effects and force to play around issue to avoid much greater damage . 
  i like that ... 
  when will we get the containment sub for them ? 
  preferably after 2 posts ... 
  it would work just like meta ... 
  would n't it make much more sense to list countries performing invasions in last say 50 years and then stop those first ? 
  why waste extra words when you can simply add stuff to what you already have ... 
  so wasteful all that useless extra ;d, 
  toll here says that none was imported from netherlands ... 
  i wonder how long will it last ? 
  just so i know when to start to stock up ... 
  it 's just that i usually go with hamburger patty and fried egg in there . 
  maybe i need to get around trying the ham one next time . 
  i 'm just too used for grills to fry them ... then again it might work better with the ham ... 
  reindeers do n't have same level of milk production as cows . 
  at least i think i saw some tv show , so they are not too great for mass production of cheese ... 
  boiled egg ? 
  no they do n't . 
  should be clear now . 
  i would even argue that they do it on purpose . 
  so if some state decided to secede from usa should they still get to have full access to inter-state market and even not have to pay federal taxes for remaining budget period if they are net contributors ? 
  would federal government happily bend to any of their demands , after all they deserve it as a great state they are ... not exact analogue , but at least comparable ... 
  at least it 's not pineapple ... chicken could be fine , if it was n't trash ... 
  yes , in government jobs . 
  do what you want in your private enterprises ... and even then nepotism should be absolutely banned in publicly traded companies ... 
  you know , we are just weak with our disease and hormone free food !, 
  not to even talk about healthcare ... 
  what is this thing with eggs and salmonella ? 
  i wonder if we could get some sum from uk ... we were in war after all and they clearly were the aggressors ... we deserve something i think ... 
  the founder is dead ... and maybe how much corruption it has spread ... 
  typical religious behaviour little competition and they try to shut it down ... 
  did n't they do same with scientology ... 
  it 's pretty useless comment really . 
  i would expect at least some arguments in comments . 
  3 % ... that is rather lot if we feed billions is n't it ? 
  what decade are they living in ... 
  i would n't want to be in prison with such archaic technology used . 
  led or nothing !, 
  you could probably write these articles about any european country . 
  nothing has yet happened , at most earliest repositions are starting to go on , with some considerations with investment , specially in mobile areas like research . 
  as said , true effects are shown if the borders go back up ... 
  what should be done is to drastically cut down the less popular sports in the olympics . 
  or rotate them in and out depending on demand in area hosting ... 
  also every time you get one you are n't familiar with , you have to check that it looks and feels right . 
  and with larger bills it might take a while ... 
  coins are n't problem . 
  each country gets their own designs . 
  but notes still are a problem as we really do n't need or want to use 30 different ones . . 
  also i consider him to be one of the final causes for european unification ... 
  wait it already did n't ? 
  what else is there to be expected . 
  only real question was status of people who already have moved ... 
  i meant not charging vat when less than 5 $ ... 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's entirely reasonable . 
  actual tolls on most products are n't that special . 
  it 's the fact that now when uk is inside the single market the vat is taken care by the shop . 
  after the move it 's on customer , either do it themselves or have shipping company do it . 
  it 's only way it could work . 
  otherwise no one would buy from local retailers and many shops would die . 
  are n't they going to close that vat loophole too soon ? 
  also , free shipping if you spend enough . 
  which means i have moved my purchases there . 
  and it 's very likely amazon will bring a eu warehouse for items like books . 
  also it 's not like you could buy at uk prices from steam outside uk . 
  digital content is n't a problem , the physical stuff is . 
  movies and books might be harder to get . 
  hitler ... as one of the most historical figures in chain of events resulting in creation of euro . 
  i would n't . 
  i like the abstract designs . 
  so , natural evolution will happen . 
  there will be some less humans ? 
  what 's the big problem ? 
  is n't the world better off with less humans ? 
  if there was no kids born , there would be cause for concern , but that is n't happening ... 
  sugar is pretty bad . 
  maybe look into banning it with alcohol ... 
  alternative for : misogyny = actual egalitarianism and not making things worse for males . 
  better than israel though ... 
  i would n't entirely trust italian government to be sufficiently stable and trustworthy with shipyards outside italy . 
  the capital requirements for modern shipbuilding are very high . 
  as such it makes sense to have local ownership , or at the least some very stable corporation after money ... 
  we force people to pay taxes ?
