  depending on location you can spend 2 $ just to get there ... 
  next step , legalize the safe ones and tax them . 
  i wish we reach that point in my lifetime . 
  and even that is redundant form . 
  3.736 \\* 10 ^ -6 c , but then again the resolution does suffer a bit . 
  stones then ? 
  the case is probably that there is only copper lines which are limited to adsl . 
  then again owner of the lines maybe required to lease them out to anyone and as such there is competition , but no one is willing to invest in new network . 
  yeah , why do we waste space with ` w ' either . 
  v is good enough for us so it should be good enough for everyone !, 
  i still do n't understand why we in this day and age price bandwith in megabytes . 
  my real question is why do you still have data caps , anyway ? 
  i have n't had one in years ... and i 'm not planning to buy product with one . 
  what type of watch are we talking here about ? 
  there is existing capacity that is n't in use in anyway . 
  just dedicate some of that for those who need their dedicated end to end lines . 
  wait you guys have official state jet ? 
  and our president even goes to talk to media-person in economy class , not the other way ... 
  it 's always too _____, 
  basically it 's one of the oldest form of forums internet . 
  it 's a distributed system so you post ( text ) to one server and it 's propagated to other servers . 
  then there is these `` binary '' groups in to which people post multiple rar-files which then can be unpacked to tv-show episodes or software . 
  usually to get these groups you need to pay some service . 
  that is the concise explanation , it 's easy to find more . 
  usenet , not something you hear often about ... 
  in general i find specially test cricket an insane sport for tv ... up to 5 days of play ? 
  knife fights are too deadly ... 
  hockey is 20 minutes , and then 4 line-ups freely changed . 
  i do n't think they really need extra brakes . 
  specially when timer stops at times . 
  same goes for most nice `` ball '' games . 
  do we really need more complex rules for sport than : get object to other net and do n't kill anyone in process ... 
  also there is quite narrow limits where ball is legal so overkill strength is n't best way to hit . 
  not that i watch pes\u00e4pallo as it 's game mostly for smaller cities . 
  now if i only could get some dog meat here . 
  who does that apply to ? 
  could i just move there , forget my papers ( not that i need them anyway ) and company that hires me gets 75 % of my wage paid ? 
  reminds me about bibles , then again those are given out free ... 
  probably same for most religions . 
  yeah , it really comes to what high-school is comparatively in age . 
  as well for finnish gymnasium and matriculation examination this is probably too easy for longer-math test . 
  it 's not 3 or 4 letter abbrevation . 
  as such i ca n't spell it correctly ;d, 
  what no , engineers use latex . 
  program takes care of making it look nice , i just throw in content ... then again , i do n't know how to make that analogy work in this context ... 
  europe is collection of nations . 
  and that is with nation meaning cultural heritage , so in that sense it has it 's own flavour . 
  not even just criminal organisations . 
  i believe there could be non-neglible amount of essentially slaves in various ethnic restaurants . 
  maybe even kept there by their relatives ... 
  a massive troll or idiot . 
  i 'm not still sure which . 
  in past really finns and finnish were treated as second-class citizens during time sweden controlled us . 
  things got whole lot better with russia for us . 
  and many have feeling that this treatment still continues . 
  so it 's in part dislike towards swedish and finnish-swedish cultural-supremacy ... 
  nah , we just hate their superiority complex ... 
  yes , you are okay , but you are n't really supposed to say that ... 
  country : finland favourite neighbour : norway least favourite neighbour : shared between russia and sweden, 
  kick out all the violent religious ones . 
  keep the peaceful atheist . 
  let 's have europe move forward . 
  why should solar be specially supported ? 
  it should make real profit if it is profitable . 
  then again if it ends up producing energy at negative price , it 's should also be responsible to pay for cost of it . 
  not that i 'm against higher carbon taxes against coal , oil and natural gas . 
  i 'm all for stopping all subsidises and levying cost of pollution in construction and manufacturing upfront as well as during use . 
  free market will find the best solution . 
  seriously why do n't we instead force everyone to buy nuclear energy . 
  it 's non-pollutant , reliable and you do n't need to mine for huge amount of rare stuff . 
  also it has very high capacity and does n't need complex load balancing and storage methods ... 
  eff sweden ... we would be fine otherwise ... 
  their loss , more for rest of us . 
  i think that is riisipuuro . 
  it 's pretty nice porridge , for a porridge ... lapkoussi however is probably very regional dish , like mykysoppa and so on ... 
  also the amounts of medication you buy and use . 
  something surreal for most other countries . 
  if you are really poor ( no property , next to no income ) , then the municipality covers the public healthcare costs . 
  then again , if you have the money you can just go to private and get most operations done there . 
  we have better tax forms too . 
  and government even does them for me . 
  it 's not that they are n't getting jobs . 
  it 's that they could be paid 180k instead 120k when they start their career ... 
  problem is only true way to combat ddos on internet itself is bigger pipe . 
  if attacker can fill your pipe you lose . 
  then again if the problem is that device tries to handle the traffic instead of simply ignoring it , adding a existing firewall/intrusion detection system works . 
  now only probable solution is to hide these services so that they ca n't be ddosed and add manual overrides ... 
  finland would likely accept closer ties with other nordics , as long as we are more than a buffer zone . 
  there is anti-nato sentiment , but it 's more about being against projecting power than defensive pact . 
  if you have been demonised for years those things really do n't hurt you any more . 
  i hope this sends the message to left that they really need to rethink their focus and tactics . 
  with sanity maybe something can be saved in future ... 
  remember what they did in ww2 ... 
  so that leaves lot of confidence ... 
  then again , when options are rich elite and one owned by rich elite , there is n't way out ... 
  if you can force shops to close , why not restaurants . 
  people could eat on saturday and then fast the sunday , or prepare in other ways . 
  that logic is just so screwed ... 
  mornings on weekdays seem to be mostly pensioners and then bit later people buying food for lunch . 
  it 's great now here , shops can be open if they want .
