  i do n't understand this thinking that if we just moved to open source things would n't be buggy in first place , or if they were buggy they would get magically fixed instantly and systems would be patched or handled in timely manner ... and the last point is true issue in the latest episode ... 
  seems like a murder to me ... 
  so where is he going hunting ? 
  i do n't believe he talks about actually doing something here ... 
  i think something in lines of 1000 $ per registered user in eu would have been reasonable ... 
  we ca n't never forget or forgive that uk and usa supported the totalitarian regime . 
  allies noble good guys , nazis evil ... 
  it 's just marketing and victors writing the history as usual . 
  just as is happening with recent wars . 
  no one from the good guys is prosecuted or their names and family lines tarnished as they deserve . 
  why not ? 
  why ca n't some country decide to protect their producers and corporations inside with limiting goods and services ? 
  or even stop finances ? 
  what is so different between those and labour ? 
  should n't every country do what is best for them ? 
  9:45 is time i am sleeping ... 
  but rest of us here very much not ... 
  it 's so obvious exception that it really do n't need to be mentioned ... 
  meat over fries sounds wrong to me ... 
  it ruins the thin fries used here ... 
  absolutely evil ... 
  ofc , would n't expect anything less from founder of doomsday cult . 
  it 's quite good for hard facts . 
  for anything political it 's trash . 
  and some others are filled with lies , propaganda and spin to the farthest possible ... 
  also . 
  if you have to run anything horrendously out-dated , maybe separate it from general network . 
  it 's not like it 's impossible to have own zone for it . 
  i hope the coders of these thing will be caught and prosecuted . 
  probably practise with the local billionaires ... 
  but , now things are changing as you are leaving single market . 
  maybe we can wait a few years with wto rules and then see about that trade . 
  so are you fighting for making all of your constituencies to contain exactly same number of voters ? 
  how do you do that btw ? 
  as anything less is clearly undemocratic . 
  so , now they decided to stop paying anything . 
  should they still be allowed to live in and eat from the fridge ? 
  but you do n't want the type of cooperation we have now . 
  so only sane alternative is to sweep it away and start fresh . 
  then again if he had made economic decision in the first place he would have never bought an audi ... 
  i thought they did n't want free movement for workers ? 
  hey , at least you are n't fully coloured like they do with us ... 
  i would solve the issue by installing cut-off devices to solar houses . 
  consumption raises too much , electricity is cut-off . 
  they can very well survive with their solar during night and winter right ? 
  and we somehow should still be thankful for swedish for culture and history ... 
  dsl is limited by signal quality which is function of distance . 
  as such it 's not really suitable for point-to-point communication . 
  you could have them communicate with each other , but it 's not very efficient . 
  much better would just to move these type of services to dedicated fiber links or shares of such . 
  there is plenty of dark fiber around for this as well . 
  only issue is when someone digs up it , but that is where redundancy is used . 
  it 's misunderstood and used by as a scapegoat by unscrupulous populist politicians ... 
  so it 's better to doom half of europe ? 
  what a moral high ground ... and they celebrate themselves as the good guys ... ugh ... 
  could use 10-20 more floors . 
  it 's anti-competitive . 
  and resulted in this roaming charge fiasco . 
  force them to situation where they provide unlimited data contracts ... 
  glory to allies , the invaders of europe !, 
  because , it 's clearly day of celebrating evil invasion by allied forces . 
  so having lesser athrocities makes them truly the good guys without any faults ? 
  i think it 's better to just agree that all of them were self-serving and purely evil . 
  pure evil . 
  and successfully invaded eastern europe !, 
  great achievement with your great allies . 
  way to go good guys !, 
  small sacrifices for justice . 
  what kinda monster would be against it ? 
  only truly evil , we can all agree . 
  totalitarian regime ... 
  nothing has changed ... 
  and then some bad guys allied with them ... 
  evil on all sides we can all fully agree on . 
  or if uk , usa etc. 
  had the backbone to drive them out ? 
  sounds scary ... 
  one party ? 
  so how much of the vote is counted ? 
  arctic maybe ? 
  now i 'm starting to fear that big companies treat these anti-freedom speech activist as useful idiots . 
  first tow their lines and when they truly have control of discourse move it to totalitarian corporatism ... goodbye nation states . 
  and very likely those ideals too ... 
  can you vote for the pm ? 
  as such i really ca n't accept the system to be anyway democratic . 
  banning drugs in general seem to be common ... and politicians even consider it to be good idea ... 
  the austrian brothers ... 
  now if only the persons in the `` media '' could see the same lunacy ... 
  was n't it your idea anyway ? 
  as they were nice and nimble for the factory work ? 
  and for some reason certain groups argue that freedom of speech do n't apply to biggest digital soap boxes we have ... then again , they are always for oppression ... 
  yep , she is unelected . 
  which is lot worse ... we truly lack democracy in many countries like mine . 
  but what if you think that house is already rotten and full of mold and pests ? 
  maybe burning it down and starting again is good thing ? 
  or atleast do n't bring in more mold and pests ... 
  so all the value !, 
  you have to admit that they do put huge amount resources in research . 
  so their food should be superior to some old dated family recipes ... 
  so how were things during winter again ?
