  medium earth orbit actually , which is still beyond shuttles capabilities . 
  geostationary is n't very handy place for satellites used for triangulation as they would be in one direction . 
  the unhealthy food death is likely years or decades later . 
  and if they do n't get too much of it , it 's very likely perfectly fine . 
  yes , and they even offer free shipping to us now . 
  no point using co.uk anymore ... 
  they are planning to remove the limit as it 's gamed too much ... 
  also gathering the ammunition first is sane move . 
  half-way through negotiations you can start planning as things get clearer ... 
  i do n't know , declaring war on country being invaded was n't exactly nice ... and then supporting those invaders ... little help after dealing with you guys against russia would have been nice . 
  growing from where ? 
  it 's always easy to grow fast when you start from low ... 
  was there any questions about tariffs at any point , i 'm almost certain that eventual end result is no tariffs , unless uk wants some unfair subsidies . 
  problem is everything else with international commerce and not being in single market anymore . 
  thank you btw for that free shipping on amazon.de , now i do n't have to use the co.uk anymore . 
  tolls would have been hassle anyway ... 
  in turku the [ luostarinm\u00e4ki handicrafts museum ] ( https://www.turku.fi/en/handicraftsmuseum ) , is the part that survive large fire . 
  ridiculous taxes in finland lead to cheaper cars , so it 's more popular to pay lot less for nearly same vehicle . 
  those life insurances must be massive there ... 
  it 's not even simple language . 
  learning to good professional level is n't exactly simple , but practice can be easy . 
  if they were so great guys why did n't they free eastern europe just after germany was defeated ? 
  finland is quite large in area , but sparsely populated . 
  artillery is relatively cheap weapon system too . 
  it 's a combination that make sense for defence . 
  point is n't invading anyone , but having effective deterrent . 
  ah real solutions . 
  i just hope they are n't somehow linked , because that would just be weird . 
  but not the principal ? 
  sounds like nice crisp morning ... 
  i wonder if he even wants to be re-elected . 
  single term might be enough for him ... 
  hmm , why are people so against russian actions again ? 
  survival suits are better option , you survive much longer with them in the gold water . 
  they are n't ? 
  also what about palestinians ? 
  the parallels of their actions can be drawn ... 
  lapland has room ... and this time of year , even the sun does n't annoy you ... 
  also is n't there whole question about ease of access ? 
  basically now you can just load stuff on a truck , drive it over the border and be on your merry way . 
  once outside there will be paper-work even if nothing is paid . 
  and for regular folk it means that things like vat will have to be paid ... 
  honouring the old gods . 
  same with us . 
  koreas and japan are tough nuts to crack , thailand very likely too ... we could cross liberia off the list ... 
  it 's nice and warm there this time of year ? 
  nice change ... now that cold and snow got here ... 
  the basic unemployment pay is 32,40 $ per workday , so around 700 $ a month taxable ... after this there is up to 80 % of rent ( maximum of 508/492/390 / 344 a month for single person depending on muncipality ) paid as additional support . 
  i think we should shut down those monuments for all the evil they have done ? 
  fair view is n't it ? 
  but is n't it what bible would have wanted ? 
  will someone pay for us to fix karelia ? 
  just want to be sure about those eu funds before we do anything hasty ... 
  it is , but it 's pronounced to to start with consonant ... 
  which is one more reason why english is idiotic language ... 
  not so much ca n't , but wo n't . 
  why bother for some 200 $ or so when it will take weeks or months of uncertainty to get benefits back . 
  i meant the states . 
  not the ec . 
  and electoral college is there because usa still is a federation . 
  i have n't heard anyone saying they should get rid of that part for some reason ... system could be better , but it exist for a reason . 
  also here some hard fields like physics do n't offer very strong prospects outside teaching ... 
  there probably is work , one just needs strong finnish , for some strange reasons ... 
  but relative to certain age demographic , or whole population . 
  of population per years just sounds so weird and purposeful . 
  finland issues such . 
  drivers license is n't even official form of identification at all , just de facto accepted . 
  so how about turning it all ( fossil and import ) off today ? 
  but if few political parties use the same tactics but off different side of the coin to control the world , is n't it quite fitting . 
  it 's still small scale , insignificant really . 
  unless yearly death toll is in thousands or tens of thousand at the least it 's nothing . 
  price needed for aim for world hegemony . 
  wasted resources now that austerity is in need more than ever . 
  ah , the war of religions . 
  if i were to bet on religion this might be one to jump abroad on . 
  then again some rules are pretty bad ... 
  or were they using it as tool ? 
  then again you do n't really know about crazies . 
  why not just treat it like all other drugs ? 
  it 's obviously working as west is keeps doing it ... 
  in how many cases though ? 
  1 % , 5 % , 10 % , 20 % or more ? 
  it 's sad to see we have n't moved beyond childish insults ( racism , xenophobia , misogyny etc. . . ) and childish reactions to said insults . 
  bombing weddings , why would someone do that ? 
  and why no one reacts to that after the fact ... 
  simply world is evil place , and humans are evil to the core . 
  still all of them are mass-murderers . 
  and people think they are good ... 
  honestly , if what was propagated of god was real , the god would very much agree with this type of action . 
  are you guys even trying ? 
  yes we need cheap energy this time of the year !, 
  highest suicide rate , net payer status ... 
  you win this time ... 
  so are you at war ? 
  yes . 
  and this is all student apartments/rooms . 
  added ... 
  should be higher ... 
  instead we have skills in useless language ... 
  that price would be totally worth the loss of views here .
