  ~ 900 ... not really too much , but it makes downloading stuff like games quicker . 
  as it should be , single market is a special thing and should be kept as such . 
  smart thing to at least try for us , maybe this time they wo n't declare war on us ... 
  but if no one can move there , how can we waste our money there ? 
  having ** all ** the ice melt is rather far out scenario . 
  so the 65 meters is the most extreme scenario ... 
  people just do n't understand sarcasm here ... 
  probably the primary office is considered regular workplace and travel to there is n't covered . 
  however visiting other offices is worktime , though from where is good question , probably from primary office ... 
  having multiple sources of propaganda is good thing . 
  it 's not like other sources are trustworthy either . 
  i was just drawing the extreme conclusions if they were n't liars and things did happen ... , 
  so you are telling me they were going to pay over double in the future ? 
  very true , there were is a clip on youtube where they put bmw m3 against toyota prius i think , and the m3 had better fuel efficiency ... on a track when prius was pushed ... 
  so that tells a lot about their style . 
  fyi : hitler was religious . 
  and people talk about revenge as something that does n't happen in west ... 
  now if his followers had listened ... 
  hmm ... am i only one who thinks that kings dress too modern ? 
  i do n't understand why they love this noise pollution so much . 
  why do they go against the teachings and hate their neighbours ? 
  ah , then there will be someone like me who just says no for it 's own sake . 
  let 's say you are in somewhat regular urban traffic both lanes having traffic . 
  some stupid kids jump in front of your car , should you a ) hit brakes slow , but drive over that kid , b ) serve to ambulance on the left-lane , c ) serve to group of people on side walk ? 
  you just ca n't save people in some situations specially when it 's their own fault . 
  i open for vehicles to swerve in safe open places to avoid collisions . 
  though this should not really be needed the first place as they should just slow down if there is potential of risk . 
  i just pick one with furthest best by date ... 
  so somehow it 's suppliers fault that currency that lost value do n't buy what it used to and they should be one taking the hit ... got to love all this posturing ... 
  just like soldiers wanting to protect/serve their country by murdering people far away . 
  i think drone strikes and smart missiles are the modern way . 
  i know , i wonder why i write some wrong words time to time ... voting , founding , quite close anyway ;d, 
  did n't your founding father want revolution once in a while ? 
  maybe it 's high time ... edit : fixed a word ... 
  is n't the point of world cup the rampant price gouging ? 
  we survived sanctions against russia , why not loss of trade against britain . 
  it 's worthy sacrifice for the future . 
  how does that re-sanctifying thing work with religons ? 
  if i were to get around and re-sanctified places for worship for some different being , would they then become unholy ? 
  fun things are like building a high masts so they can use radio or optical links in more direct line or straighter . 
  as they are about 30 % faster than fiber or signal in a wire . 
  i wonder is nasdaq is starting to see some corrections of new internet buble . 
  where just growth of users is n't enough when many ca n't find ways to make money . 
  then again , that is probably too small effect . 
  so why we have it then ? 
  i 'm all for banning tobacco and alcohol too as it 's clear that there is no safe use of them . 
  prohibition clearly works with other drugs as we keep them illegal . 
  so why not extend it to a few more ? 
  trump is nut , but he is best we have . 
  other option is more of the same . 
  yep , unequal conscription/mandatory service is huge issue that no one seems to stand against in feminism . 
  so , are they worse or more common than drunk finns ? 
  certainly used for both here . 
  it 's not same water , but same energy . 
  actually even the radiators do n't use same water . 
  it 's only black , because it has been there for years . 
  btw , have you seen what it can look like if your cold water has been turned off for while and pipes get empty and then turned back on . 
  that is nasty too and the stuff is there even now ... 
  to dry it out ? 
  then again some countries do n't do the level of waterproofing we do . 
  all modern bathrooms are essentially wet rooms . 
  true , the district heating is it 's own loop and so is the tap water and radiators each in own . 
  but tap water is used in some cases for bathroom heating . 
  when it 's 15c outside at night and want to make sure that places dry out to avoid any mold etc. . . 
  i 'm now talking about apartment buildings with district heating . 
  in many cases the hot water for taps are circulated constantly and kept at 50c + ( or so ) then the radiators or towel racks in bathrooms can be connected to this circulation , keeping them hot to dry the bathrooms even if central heating is off during summer . 
  ofc not , as it flows constantly . 
  so it works just as water in your hot water pipes . 
  you might need to wiggle it low and high a bit in some cases as they can get stuck during the summer . 
  wait that is n't done for bathrooms in other countries ? 
  here all the radiators in bathrooms in apartment buildings are on same loop as tap water ... 
  probably because we take our wet rooms seriously ... 
  also it 's not like our main possible opponent do n't have their fare share of cannon fodder . 
  solution : do n't have friends . 
  do n't forget uranium ... 
  solar has huge problem that it peaks at mid-day and is no production during night and on other hand also overcast has an effect . 
  which means you need to massively over scale it up and even then unless you are norway or such there is very little real working solutions to store the energy or lower other production during day time . 
  and with very large scale solar , you might not get paid for energy you produce unless subsidised . 
  i would argue before 400s ... that is when this me crap started to invaded our roots . 
  if they travel at speed of light what 's the point with nukes . 
  just launch regular missiles ... 
  how come they do n't want to experience true transportation free society ? 
  ban all the vehicles and public transport too . 
  maybe cut down electricity and water etc. 
  also . 
  true downshift day once a week . 
  i ca n't see anything wrong with ecoyuppies trying that out . 
  why not ban those and busses too ? 
  people just need to adapt , it 's all for cleaner nicer environment after all . 
  so killing one life destined to certain death before being born and one surviving is worse than having two people die naturally . 
  what about women who suffer complications due to pregnancy they sure hate those ? 
  and someone say that christianity is n't a bad thing . 
  but this time we do it properly in a way that makes sense and hopefully adapts overtime ... 
  pick english , but develop new version of it that makes some sense and gets rid of all the stupid `` features '' . 
  call it european english maybe ... 
  i 'm not really sure how this free loan stuff is n't leading to inflation , or the bubble eventually popping . 
  then again economy is n't my strong suite . 
  this just does n't seem to be sustainable . 
  or maybe we are going to move to negative interest by central banks next . 
  loan money and payback less ...
