  the companies are just matching their prices to entirely reasonable wholesale levels they set ... / s, 
  30 % margin is fast eaten when the potential cost for operator due to insane price level forced is for example 5 times the monthly fee . 
  how can this not lead to prices increasing to at least that level or more ? 
  it 's the problem of eu regulation that forces insanely high price floor for data ... 
  so parties in limited geographical areas should be competing with parties in whole nations ? 
  which would result in them not gaining much or any power on national level . 
  as bigger parties are those who can field candidates and advertise every where . 
  and then after elections just focus on most populous areas at disadvantage of any others . 
  why , i see injustice and i want it finally corrected after centuries of oppression . 
  learning the language of majority is n't too much to be asked from anyone . 
  when the change in system would be for absolute good for everyone in way of lower taxes and more resources for services and such . 
  because i do n't want to waste my time to study useless language which i was forced to . 
  would n't really work in uk . 
  the ni , scotland and wales should have room for the local parties . 
  which nation wide pr system can prevent ... 
  yes , it has more like easier access to higher education ... and it 's unimaginable waste of resources and money . 
  nearly everyone is learning finnish the language of land as they should be . 
  so why do we need to keep useless relic from past anyway ? 
  why not make it cheaper now ? 
  as it clearly can be done in sparsely populated countries . 
  short term hurt for rich enough operators should n't have been no problem . 
  instead punish people who have handled their things well ... 
  language spoken by 6 % should have exactly same or more rights as language spoken by nearly 100 % ... / s, 
  here too much use without being for period of time in the country leads to nice very high extra charges . 
  how would they ? 
  if the current prices are very much cheaper . 
  so now they increase them for years and years . 
  did n't jesus agree on the old laws ? 
  i think it was pretty clear . 
  no finland seems to like cooper ( 12 minute distance ) from my experiences ... 
  what is wrong with disliking swedish language ? 
  i honestly believe that it 's overrepresented in our country and it should have same right as various sami dialects . 
  should be enough for survival of it . 
  anything more is waste of resources our nation ca n't afford . 
  you mean the swedish people 's party might have learned something ? 
  then again they are still for waste of money ... 
  then again , people with children are likely much more prone to corruption . 
  or going easy on people who have family . 
  generally people do n't . 
  otherwise they would n't support it ... 
  the republic of ireland and just `` britain '' ? 
  but dup did n't gain absolute majority , which is by your standard pure loss . 
  btw , how does vote of no confidence work ? 
  is it possible that if enough ruling coalition members are n't present it can pass ? 
  losing only in sense that they did n't gain majority . 
  but they still gained seats ... 
  there was this brexit referendum ... 
  there is then very likely going to be some strong demands from east ... 
  which are n't going to pass with tories ... 
  so if she just had sit in number 10 she would have faired better ... 
  involves giant turnip ? 
  100 % for labour ^ ^ ^ ^ in ^ ^ ^ ^ called ^ ^ ^ ^ seats ... 
  anyone else is amazed by brilliance of these tory politicians ? 
  first the brexit and now this ... 
  so how high possibility is it that tories actually lost some seats ? 
  maybe he is talking about he3 ... 
  the coup plotters could have made billions in energy production with that !, 
  finland it 's the market rate aka . 
  euribor + marginal . 
  we really like the western ways . 
  then again euribor is low these days ... 
  now if they just had n't done that whole thing with gravs , grams and kilograms ... 
  so taking some cues from huxley too ... keep them drugged and entertained and they wo n't care ... 
  i 'm amazed , only thing they needed to do was not to be unpopular ... and that really was n't too hard , but it 's almost as if they try to lose ... 
  afghanistan had oil right ? 
  root of all evil : party politics ... 
  will you be the saviors this time ? 
  so from very very bad pricing to just very bad pricing ? 
  and that is a greatest thing ever ? 
  no it 's not . 
  there is no way a gigabyte of data today should be worth 7.7 $ . 
   capped at completely reasonable price really ? 
  7.7 $ / gb is completely reasonable price ? 
  i would honestly expect one tenth of that to be reasonable . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9b9iyqsb_u it 's even more fun . 
  number of same keys ( as in same cut ) are constantly used in same applications ... and some of these are even listed in public documents ... 
  specially not from the strikes . 
  i thought you wanted to minimize the potential of these actions . 
  i gave very good options that are implementable . 
  small sacrifices are needed , but what would n't we do for safety . 
  would n't european activities in other places also affect us ? 
  but i do n't see reminders of those here ... why do those people matter less ? 
  makes it more funny . 
  total curfew , banning public gatherings and outings . 
  also start banning religion in general . 
  small stuff can go a long way . 
  so nothing major . 
  that is rather harsh against these combatants ... 
  yes , business as usual . 
  nothing new or impactful in general . 
  btw , why is n't this considered as local news ? 
  desecration of holy spaces ... just shows the true colours of these people celebrating such a thing ... 
  pure evil we can all agree . 
  we should really have movement to allow building massive apartment buildings of small apartments . 
  only sensible way forward , the nimbys must be crushed and prices driven to downward spiral in cities ... 
  so who are stopping all the migration from mainly muslim countries again ? 
  money comes from thin air . 
  some bank has little money then it lends lot of it to someone else . 
  poof money appears ... 
  so why ca n't they just magic some more of it ...
