  or do they change it to something like 75 $ a month for 15 gb of data ... 
  which they might be allowed due to change in legislation ... 
  there is very high chance that the prices will be increased to match in those countries where data is cheaper . 
  the traffic probably cost less than a cent for isp to outside . 
  so real cost is just networking and hardware . 
  which is fixed anyway . 
  the power difference is negligible compared to capex . 
  no one really ca n't say it ca n't be done if even in finland they have 99 % population coverage . 
  keeping up the speeds in high density metropolitan areas might be issue though ... 
  i do n't really understand what can cost so much . 
  we have reasonably price unlimited connections . 
  and some how our operators are n't bankrupt ... 
  we could do with more fission first ... 
  but some people rather take global warming and coal emissions ... 
  so give extra power to an other evil invading state ? 
  what is up with these fake news ? 
  could we drop some eu funding until they fix their stuff ? 
  i say we ban selling of their products and access to their services in eu . 
  i think it 's something that should happen very soon . 
  any services the church provides could be opened for competition saving money in the long run . 
  i agree , you can ditch the old testament , but at least follow the new one completely then . 
  you know , you lot seem so forgiving and loving ... then again that dude too was bit of an ass and on one too ... 
  why is n't denmark in euro then , each bill has a bridge !, 
  i hope it 's permanent . 
  or very quickly enacted when more than few post hit front page . 
  `` spam '' of europe , where we post our canned meat products ... 
  but , what if it was only content and would took the room for weeks or months ? 
  i do n't really have anything against quality content . 
  even pictures of castles . 
  but when majority of them end up being single images with short text in the best case , it just reeks lazy . 
  now galleries , with detailed texts and multiple images would be entirely different thing . 
  beginning ? 
  but now we can post [ spam ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rnkgpir.png ) of europe !, 
  after first 3 or 5 `` castle '' post hit the front page action should have been taken . 
  instead it was let to fester ... 
  they are alive and not aging ... 
  now , please delete all of them . 
  let 's start from clean slate !, 
  karma whoring at it worst ... 
  i too like `` beef '' . 
  but i hate single image spam taking space from more interesting things . 
  there is / r/europics which mods should point these post towards . 
  or maybe make one single megathread pictures of europe ... 
  looks clear for us . 
  you really do love those euphemism do n't you . 
  so what trump is really doing is freeing up the travel from certain regions . 
  was he evil mass-murderer too ? 
  the salami does n't have anything but salami here . 
  and they use larger slices ... 
  i like to remind people that you have a vote here ... 
  english is pretty popular one . 
  nope , also which european language you are interested in ? 
  there are just a few of them ... 
  i fully agree , a few spaced over days fine , but this spam ... 
  at least the later was requiring some effort . 
  this seems just like spam and filling up the space ... 
  wait private services are really banned ? 
  now if you just were n't commie lovers . 
  you must be thinking about texans ... 
  does donald want to rule world ? 
  i thought he is more on isolationism ? 
  making usa support it self in being great ? 
  also when things start to go wrong , they just install suitable dictator . 
  did they finally raid british museum ? 
  those inhabitable islands near turkish border ... 
  this : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5nii4b/til_theres_a_plan_to_populate_aegean_islets_as_a/, 
  so real solution is just to dig huge trenches everywhere ? 
  did n't greece have something nice ? 
  why are these charging stations placed on relatively good spots . 
  should n't the green people appreciate the exercise and have them nicely out of the way in a distant corner ? 
  ah the allies , the good guys . 
  nah , it 's against practice of building ghettos and taking land and property of people based ethnicity , which was done bit earlier by one government in same country . 
  if sanctions is a solution why are n't they applied against this evil nation ? 
  i just wish we started with those sanctions already and went full nk like force on them . 
  do we win this one as we never started to use them ? 
  then again how many times you only buy single items ? 
  should just drone people like that . 
  and i thought that type of search engine optimisation was dead ... 
  knowing how protectionist he appears to be , i wonder how good that uk deal will be for uk ... 
  btw , does cyrillic have their own braille alphabet or is it just transliterated ? 
  i wonder if they will go to proper old money and ditch this stupid decimal stuff ... 
  here vast majority of machines do n't . 
  so they are annoying in the end . 
  money is immaterial at this point anyway . 
  jobs , can be imported easily . 
  limited amount of work visas for those workers is rather simple thing . 
  just wait till they get rid of all of those pesky institutions ... 
  now if the metro itself just was working ... 
  it 's my stance , as it is obvious that banning drugs work and is the best way , why not extend it to other drugs too . 
  nothing can go wrong , right ? 
  boris could probably move for that job ... 
  i do n't understand those baltic sea cruises either ... 
  over what period , 100 000 years ? 
  politics and power is more important than the good for the people . 
  anyway someone from their rich friends can give them cushy job , so any turmoil is n't really their problem ... 
  why would anyone sane buy a currency that was going to drop in value ? 
  we do n't need to punish them . 
  just having them to play with same same rules as likes of russia is enough and entirely fair and what they want . 
  it 's interesting , as long as i 'm not one to pay for the eventual failure . 
  ah , paypal , what a humanitarian ...
