  never was to me . 
  i would n't even say it to be effective . 
  but they likely do n't care . 
  but there is already a moat ... 
  it 's getting kinda samey . 
  i would probably put the long term blame on brits themselves ... we might have avoided some issues by creating stable states originally ... 
  have you tried this negotiation thing ? 
  so not anytime soon ... also not destabilizing a region might be an other good start . 
  but what do i know , i 'm not a politician ... 
  now if we just could prosecute all of them ... 
  why not ? 
  maybe we should jump ... we are located in east atleast ... 
  so pretty rare if you think other hotspots in the world . 
  military tactics often are not ... 
  yes , and we live there now ... 
  i have always wondered , how many even follow those temperatures , or measure different parts of their fridges ? 
  stop the false narrative . 
  i do n't know if we want more immigrants from a unstable war torn regions ... 
  ecoterrorism ... from white well-off kids ... how horrible their miserable lifes are ... 
  how creative ... 
  i do n't think we should spend public money on it . 
  if some privates companies like to expand resources they should be able . 
  public funds should only come to picture when clearly working long term proof of concept of system operating exist . 
  investment in parts that show probability to be transferable might be suitable for some funding . 
  if they are really really strapped for resources they might only add stuff up if they think there is some discrepancies ... 
  still , there should be some time during year that they have enough accounts around without anything better to do and this is a basic job in the field . 
  nothing in physics stops it in my mind . 
  even engineering is certainly doable . 
  my questions is of practicality , what is the the cost of trip at peak time ? 
  how long under the payback with operation cost . 
  also the scale is quite different from pneumatic systems . 
  and then how is the loading and unloading of both capsules and passengers handled ? 
  remembering that a good vacuum sealing is needed at least partway of the process ... what about risks from breakdowns , how do you effectively evacuate a pod in middle of line ? 
  and with pods , they have to be rated for vacuum and offer enough air for what is expected in case of emergency . 
  aeroplanes can survive in high altitudes somewhat , but environment in system is essentially comparable to space . 
  and the terrorism is one other fun challenge shaped charges ? 
  blowing up the pylon or the pipe itself . 
  later probably doable with a regular rpg . 
  and so on ... 
  i feel that whole system is riddled with fundamental issues , like logistics and capacity ... not to even talk about everything involved in engineering even in regular operation . 
  think about people who lost to that loser ... 
  they must be the bigliest losers in the world !, 
  probably ... 
  if i only could find his policies and people protecting them funny ... 
  now if these jokes were n't beaten to death . 
  but then again originality is n't thing for most people ... 
  does n't matter . 
  it 's sticking it up to trump ... 
  does that make difference as we are talking about freedom of expression here ? 
  then again if message has no value . 
  does n't it mean that energy per value is infinite ? 
  5 years ? 
  you mean after they re-elected mass murderer ? 
  it 's mocking of democratically elected leader of a country . 
  in sense i would say that it attack against democracy itself . 
  which often leads to dictatorial regimes . 
  then again when was good light last shone on them ? 
  if they are serious about this . 
  i expect them to make small sacrifices . 
  like forgoing polluting and wasteful technology , imported food clothing , minimize impact of living and traveling and so on . 
  no one of those are too much to be asked to save the earth . 
  if they ca n't even do their little part , why should rest of us believe it 's critical . 
  but obama was one of us a good guy !, 
  the way of `` progressive left '' . 
  insult the others until they turn to your side , or atleast you feel morally superior . 
  ca n't be having that carbon-free nuclear energy . 
  do they still have that massively polluting boat btw ? 
  vandalism is form of free speech , at least i have now understood it to be so from you people . 
  it 's a form of free speech do n't you agree ? 
  or are you against free speech ? 
  their own fault for entering market with main revenue stream easily circumvented . 
  so you support the drawn swastikas . 
  is n't that long tradition of usa ? 
  so , we will all die , but we will all die anyway . 
  and it 's not like we care about deaths now . 
  so let 's have fun while we can as we and anything we do is insignificant in long-scale of things . 
  ah , a politician in other words ? 
  pretty much yes . 
  ah destruction of property ? 
  so they are n't ready to make sacrifices ? 
  why should i then ? 
  reminds me of these climate activist ... 
  i wonder how much energy that thing wastes , and how much was spend on producing it ... 
  just fish , no irish potato for you ... 
  then we just need to get even more global warming !, 
  maybe we should do that thing france is doing now . 
  could solve this problem of inhumane folks ... 
  the american way !, 
  seems fair , unless those citizens do something about it . 
  like revolt ... 
  who defines what is `` hate speech '' or what is `` false news '' ? 
  i can already see some states like russia and even usa where politicians would like to define anything going against them as `` false news '' like the dnc leaks ... 
  if that is allowed to happen , how deep the state 's control of media can go ? 
  or who knows . 
  maybe uk wants to invade the western parts of europe ... 
  they did support russians in their quest for land in ww2 . 
  so i do n't see any reason why they would n't do it again ... maybe leaving is their long term plan for destabilising the one thing blocking them ... 
  reminds of me about greenpeace ... 
  it 's not illegal then . 
  maybe need some leeway for bringing the fight to attacker .
