  they should , they really ca n't allow country to do same things they did . 
  at least they are sane religious people not being anti-vaccination . 
  also conveniently her ban last just until the olympics ... raises many question about whole norwegian anti-doping process ... 
  what type of law does n't tell about what is the law . 
  but process of how it 's applied in courts . 
  you can have similar systems , but entirely different laws . 
  so it 's just about censorship . 
  nothing about actually stopping piracy . 
  but hey , at least it will be last thursday !, 
  there will be no europe by 2050, 
  they have n't in a while . 
  at least they are following principles of the most famous european country . 
  can we then at least require serious effort ? 
  like multiple images and long explanations ( preferably multiple paragraphs ) ? 
  got to love the guys who helped us against evil allies . 
  reminds me the time they helped you guys invade us . 
  i wonder will they try that again too . 
  what about uk will they join you too soon ? 
  ca n't we just make life easier for users and move them to some containment sub ? 
  what is the limit for too common ? 
  also what is the period of time ? 
  hopefully in years ? 
  true , better than being invaded by allies , which we can see now . 
  hmm , about nazis . 
  `` so you guys supported soviets invading rest of europe , how nice of you '', 
  bolognese with out pasta , on bread with mayo could work ... 
  then again , saying anything to us at all will annoy us ... 
  so in one way we won !, 
  why are n't they just forced to compete on market prices guaranteeing the consumers lowest cost ? 
  so why do n't they just forgive greeces debt they are holding ? 
  it 's certainly doable with enough time ... 
  now if there was some true socialist to vote for ... 
  all the splitting up and like . 
  i do n't know . 
  i just think we should let them sort it out without too much involvement . 
  only stuff like internet polls that are easy to exploit approach same standard . 
  we are lacking funds to even take care of our own . 
  why should we import more to our high cost area . 
  i 'm not saying we ca n't support people where there are and try not to actively exploit or harm them there . 
  which is the rational way to take . 
  ah , how those places love neutral discussion . 
  which very clearly is part of the problem . 
  ah you mean that time they allied with evil commies to invade democratic countries ... 
  they sure teached usa a lot ... 
  at what price including capex ? 
  what about non-windy nights ? 
  what type of football field ? 
  the proper ones or some deranged ones ? 
  also with proper ones , do we have some specifics ? 
  i wonder if it will be so next year ... 
  the ever so slight victory !, 
  so nothing new substantive ? 
  pretty much yes , likely outcome is that those baltic/eastern-eu editions will be same as rest of the eu and priced same ... 
  higher prices for data , yeah !, 
  fake news one could call them . 
  same with that alleged russian bribe story that people are pushing . 
  likely less credence than pizzagate ... 
  i think we can oblige with plenty of freedom . 
  so we get almost no data from our plans ... great work eu ... 
  because frequency spectrum is limited resource and has been poorly managed or over charged in many countries . 
  and corrupt politicians . 
  invasions have been happened for more than century and nothing bad came from them to victors ... 
  the new pricing will be hillarious all the time . 
  77 $ for 10gb . 
  that is fun amount !, 
  and now you ruined it for rest of us ... 
  why not ? 
  it 's a real thing that will happen . 
  i have just issue with prices . 
  we managed to do it for one tenth in sparse country . 
  and now we are punished by incompetence of others . 
  what eu should have done is to drive prices lower than real cost to drive innovation and investment . 
  is it right that the greedy operators essentially have n't build or overcharge in south europe and now as result we will be forced to have higher prices ? 
  check the contract . 
  in my the legal changes are reason to change the contract , and this is such one ... 
  but that price essentially defines the prices for consumers . 
  finns , but now as the price is same the cost will move to regular phone bills . 
  essentially yes , if they do n't want to lose money . 
  no they ca n't that 's the point . 
  it 's capped , but cap is unnecessarily high . 
  we are just criticising that operators are allowed to charge probably 10x from what is reasonable and it 's certain that costs will be passed on consumers . 
  but now eu is essentially forcing our operators to charge us more for same service just to cover their risks . 
  if the cost for operator is 7,7 $ while customer is roaming they have to recoup it from somewhere . 
  so probably increasing prices of local data packages to match . 
  but with countries like finland it 's very much more likely that we travel to other countries and use lot of data . 
  and end up having to pay prices multiple times to our current ones . 
  the provided maximum prices for data are very very high . 
  the price level was set way too high to be reasonable in today 's environment . 
  http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-17-193_en.htm  a step by step reduction over 5 years for data caps decreasing from $ 7.7 per gb ( as of 15 june 2017 ) to $ 6 per gb ( as of 1 january 2018 ) , $ 4.5 per gb ( as of 1 january 2019 ) , $ 3.5 per gb ( as of 1 january 2020 ) , $ 3 per gb ( as of 1 january 2021 ) and $ 2.5 per gb ( as of 1 january 2022 ) . 
  this points also to these extreme prices : http://europa.eu/rapid/attachment/memo-16-4396/en/roaming_factsheet_january17.pdf, 
  and all the previous elections ? 
  check the contract . 
  they might be able to change the price ... 
  yep , increasing data prices is fun present . 
  euros not cents . 
  which is insane price . 
  existing and they will probably raise prices to cover potential costs . 
  for data it 's insanely high . 
  yes as these unlimited deals will likely end and prices will go up . 
  question really is do you keep those prices .
