  and to follow laws . 
  i do n't think anyone but anarchist and libertarians are against this ... 
  some things like mandatory military service are much more immoral than vaccines , but we do n't see too much fight against those ... 
  looks horrible , best of luck to survive this unbearable heat !, 
  lot of data and with knowing what to cross-reference something could have been build out of it ... 
  in someways it 's better situation than one where anything sensitive was marked as such . 
  what about damage and fear ? 
  clearly terrorist groups in action there ... 
  i think we should force germany use that green energy they laud during the winters . 
  total ban on fossil fuels for heating seems sensible and forward looking move . 
  what sort of monster would be against it ? 
  do they hate children and future generations so much they ca n't take insignificant discomfort for good of the whole earth ? 
  do n't know exact term , but in finland they are classed as `` p\u00e4\u00e4omatulo '' , which means gains from capital i suppose correct term is investment income . 
  we are almost entirely free of low level corruption . 
  i do n't think that at citizen facing side any money changes hands , most is rewards from using government resources for friends and such . 
  but when politics get involved ... 
  it 's one mess like playing people who did their political job `` well '' to high-paying jobs in industry or eu ... or that people in municipalities deciding things can be part of boards of companies ... or their friends are ... 
  and in finland it includes capital gains . 
  that is money made stocks , dividends , rents and so on ... 
  in finland these records also include capital gains . 
  so hiding those as income is harder . 
  ofc just piling up money is possible ... 
  or even more simple , do n't use drugs ... ca n't be that hard ... 
  in sense of problems with the system yes . 
  difference between 1 % vacuum and 0.00001 % vacuum in case of this system do n't really matter . 
  the change is changing from regular pumps , making making vacuum harder . 
  and questions of diffusion particles . 
  yes , it 's different ball game to move from one to an other . 
  but there is not much practical difference for problems and issues involved for this scale of system . 
  but they are not magnitudes that matter . 
  which are the first two or three down from atmospheric ... 
  exactly , i 'm bored of these arguments that do n't really understand physics . 
  it 's all about pressure difference , even 1 % does n't have much effect . 
  only makes harder to keep it . 
  religion showing another example of it absolute unredeemable evilness . 
  we should truly move as society towards banning this unnecessary and destructive force . 
  proper shitshow ... from the uk . 
  not smart to begin with and insanity of their demands and approach does n't cease to amaze me . 
  since the allied invasion it has been real possibility . 
  only now we are ready to more openly stand against it . 
  they seem to have taken the lessons to heart and applying them to nearly fullest extend . 
  or some nation which can guarantee the security , like russia , saudi arabia or china . 
  i 'm not against it , i just understand that it 's not an easy path . 
  eu is organisation of law , and for stability those laws should be kept . 
  part of this is the process of joining . 
  which requires support from members as it should . 
  it simply comes down to realities involved . 
  also by count most cells in us are n't us , they are just symbiotic creatures inside us ... 
  what about those who do n't think themselves as individuals . 
  one is very loaded singular and individualist term . 
  just need to wait for that working small scale nuclear fusion ... 
  physics are a bitch ... jetpack is probably one of the clearest example . 
  massively wasteful systems that are very likely always be limited in range and usability . 
  same goes for flying cars ( that are n't straight up aeroplanes and even then , road safety is a big if ... ) . 
  railguns and lasers belong to same group . 
  doable , but not cheap and energy requirements plus technical challenges are immense . 
  they are not , they are still part of spain , thus part of eu ... 
  so if they were to get recognised , they would n't be spain anymore and then they would n't be in eu ... 
  i think it will not be made . 
  there is no upside for eu in such deal . 
  the standard deal of uk based companies operating from uk to eu or from uk using european airspace to somewhere else and vice versa is almost certain . 
  north korea manages that . 
  so why could n't uk ... 
  leaving eu is easy . 
  leaving on good terms and making success out of it ... 
  but how can you do that ? 
  they might overstay their visas ? 
  they ca n't be doing that now can they ? 
  proper hours long procedure to enter is what is needed right ? 
  i suggested containment sub for them long ago , but noooo ... why ca n't you be proper mods ... ;d, 
  should n't someone just go with radio mast ? 
  or does it have to be free standing ? 
  is n't 100 years quite new by european standards ? 
  if we are doing something let 's limit it to something historic like 500 or 1000 years . 
  20 years of character assassination means only idiots would put such person up for elections . 
  other hand i do n't understand the whole fake news surrounding the hacking scandal . 
  any good human being would be pro transparency , especially considering how heinous thing corruption in politics is . 
  it 's simple . 
  1pi = -1 pi thus : 2  1 pi 2  - 1 pi 2  - 3.14 ( checks out ! ), 
  moved to around rome ... we can all at the least agree on evil deeds if not nationality ... 
  does n't that make him a hero ? 
  i thought conquerors are celebrated around these parts ? 
  i would really ban this / u/me dude from all sub-reddits everywhere . 
  paul of tarsus the inventor of the most evil and harmful religion in human history . 
  i wonder how tax increase will affect it ... 
  what about when it 's 300 $ vs. 600 or 1000 $ ? 
  which can be realistic with somethings like washing machines . 
  pretty much everywhere where there are big enough players there is some type of connections playing around . 
  on other hand europe is much more social democrat than usa , which mutes the worst . 
  on eu level there is just too much diversification for corporations to be too effective . 
  i 'm not sure if there is any single company that has effective stake in every nation . 
  and by that i mean real power , not just operating in , but being one of the biggest players . 
  ofc , it 's so high here . 
  if you took the public transport you might meet the true horror ... other people ... 
  `` knowing '' for `` certain '' that there is a god . 
  not being sure and still following though . 
  i think moving them to quarantine zone would be preferable . 
  sadly ca n't be shared with illegal immigrants as it would risk the immigrants . 
  we must have some humanity at least . 
  they did learn from the best , the germans ...
