  that is what over 5k $ a month ? 
  i wonder if that is common anywhere outside very specific times . 
  maybe it would make sense for both eu and usa to have at least some common minimum level of regulation between them and crack that on uk too . 
  now that they are in positions to do just that . 
  that 's why i like our system of reasonable fines for everyone . 
  why not just take the car ? 
  because i 'm also supposed to defend finland ... and i saw the other guys too ... 
  so slightly less . 
  after being a conscript i do n't have exactly positive trust to our defense capabilities ... 
  ah , the european far-right socialist ... like true finns ... 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_power_stations_in_finland two or three dozen of these . 
  plus potential infra to other nordics . 
  not that much actually . 
  i agree , basically one thing that saved us was superior knowledge of geography . 
  but that is pretty meaningless as modern fast are fight much faster and i do n't believe front-lines would really form in our advantage . 
  we just need russian in and baltic sea is done . 
  then we could move to mediterranean and maybe black sea after that ... then on to red sea and gulf of arabia ... or maybe not . 
  better to get the torrent files from official source , with those the use of torrents itself is safe . 
  it 's mostly just a joke as traditionally one of the few non-pirating uses of torrents . 
  how do i now find my linux distros ? 
  same . 
  i believe that they are incompetent enough and lack any real man power to do coup . 
  being professional enough to stop russia or any other invading country , not very much ... 
  and that means no single market either . 
  that is n't negotiable also . 
  so we probably end up with some massive mess that takes better part of decade to come to . 
  maybe we should extremely tax everything that affects nature , like air conditioning , cars , air planes , ships , travelling , heating , paper , clothes , excessive exercise , internet , mobile phones , computers , money , alcohol and other drugs , fire etc. 
  caves were good enough for our ancestors , why ca n't we go back to that low carbon environment ? 
  invading uk might be a valid solution to brexit . 
  i wonder if russia would help us . 
  this article is over year old ? 
  i 'm for world wide ban of dihydrogenmonoxide . 
  what does west have against the freedom islamist bring ? 
  usa system is in someway more democratic than our . 
  at least their voters can get to choose who is the person party picks . 
  not that the whole system to do that is n't a stinking mess . 
  also not really that much for highly-skilled professional and upper management . 
  thanks for this . 
  i wonder if there is one for vyborg . 
  and number of athletes is also stupidly insane . 
  their own site says 11 242 and that probably does n't include the supporting personnel . 
  where as world cup had 32 teams with maximum of 23 players . 
  how do i get job in eu again ? 
  i mean i would be very happy to receive that much wage , never mind pension ... 
  yes , we must do the needful . 
  or the old top surface had been removed and markings were temporary . 
  i would think that road surfaces and constructions are probably very well optimized problem at this point . 
  some things just ca n't be made cheaper if you think of the whole lifespan . 
  what are such things that are n't paying someone for but are still beneficial ? 
  i would n't think of this program as free labour . 
  i wonder how effective those people are in the job anyway . 
  it 's good way to keep eye on them and control any potential larger problems that could be happening . 
  also what is going on in northern sweden ? 
  but if they just happen to be unemployed because the government just fired them . 
  and are n't qualified for other jobs . 
  should n't they be then forced to work for benefits level income to teach them skills required in worklife ? 
  improving the local community for their own good . 
  `` improve local area '' would n't you say healthcare , childcare and even education would be for improvement of local area ? 
  so why not fire teachers , doctors and nurses and then wait and take them back as lot cheaper labour ? 
  but are n't bonds nominated in currency ? 
  and for germany they are in euros , so you pay in euros and get euros ? 
  as such with rates being below zero you get less out than you paid in . 
  not to say that the risks in investing other stuff are n't much higher as banks will spend your money on investments ... 
  this near full time labour for cost of unemployment benefits or benefits with minimal extra just does n't make sense to me . 
  i would n't be against scheme where people were paid regular sensible minimum wage of field for number of hours matching the benefits in relatively productive work . 
  at least that would n't mess up the market . 
  would n't a farm without trees be one of the worst options ? 
  as it would imply on being on field without any better conductors . 
  are you forced to do that ? 
  is all the money you need to live taken away if you were n't doing it voluntarily ? 
  if work is n't worth to be paid for , it 's not worth to be done . 
  what dog does n't ? 
  immigrant-refugee from some real minority religion while still being muslim ... 
  just use text chat or something . 
  it 's sad that the allies are somehow remembered as the good guys even if they supported the evil invaders too . 
  not your loans though ... 
  free trade is n't a question here . 
  agreement that there will be no additional taxes for various products is very easy one . 
  there would still be taxes like vat and potential toll checks . 
  it 's the access to single market . 
  a market where you can buy goods from any country in the market as easily as from your own . 
  ofc there is some complications with this , but it 's the general principle . 
  the access to this market hinges on freedom of movement of goods , services , capital and people . 
  not having all of those at once creates imbalances and in long run make for weaker market . 
  is n't that perfect terrorist act then . 
  just lock the doors and set the place on fire ? 
  honestly it 's not too great one . 
  yes as i expect germans to have enough fire safety inspectors to make sure that buildings comply . 
  if i were a terrorist i would make very certain that i comply to local regulations not to raise any extra interest in my operations . 
  is n't there some fire safety requirements that require all doors to be operable in case of fire ? 
  to point 1 . 
  is n't sepa pretty good system ? 
  ofc , nowdays we could do it with instant transfers and not have the nightly clearing and non-bank-days affecting it . 
  and that is for rather small currency . 
  and some people think it would be used in world scale ... 
  compared to deaths in syria only this year it 's nothing . 
  i wonder what he thinks about his predecessors ... 
  if you are in sweden/nordics , better move now before they wisen up with this whole passport union ... 
  hey that 's lot of extra height ... 
  i wonder if mountain top is measured from top of pile of people or not ...
