  supercell seems to be doing okay ... 
  ah , the french way . 
  part of it is that capitals attract the headquarters of large corporations . 
  even if their production and the true source/production of income is in other places . 
  and then the people in capital will hate the older better capitals ;d, 
  and that 's a good reason ? 
  i wonder if it could be applied to anything else . 
  like violence or rape ... 
  i do n't feel particularly oppressed for having to have personal identification number and needing to register my place of residence . 
  the first one is pretty handy piece as i can just show my driver licence and everything works . 
  blue sauna , or a bottle ? 
  but honestly i have never been into the non-abstract things on flags . 
  or too much complexity . 
  yeah , we forget that underclass ca n't afford to live there . 
  blue diamond then ? 
  something unique ... 
  they should be happy , makes their eventual invasion and troop movements much simpler . 
  i think we should just shed our centuries of oppression and destruction of culture and move to lines too . 
  now i 'm not sure which to pick , white/blue or white/blue/white ... 
  what counts as extremist ? 
  the opposition ? 
  it 's probably their egalitarianism , where woman hit men ? 
  also , why they make tariffs such big issue ? 
  i do n't think they are keypoint for either side , no tariffs is the least controversial side of this . 
  it 's everything else that is the problem ... 
  it 's strange . 
  basically you would expect more in nordics . 
  but i have n't heard anything here . 
  good thing it only killed one , could have been lot more . 
  cities are pretty big things afterall . 
  not impossible just unsafe . 
  which is even scarier ... 
  better than 0 . 
  maybe we should just give up and focus on ice hockey ... or pes\u00e4pallo ... 
  also they probably have the best drugs . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dam_failure i would n't exactly trust our design for dams for hydroelectric ... 
  it 's not that nuclear is all good , but it 's still lot better than other alternatives for type of load . 
  best way to have correct software is to run it for very long time and fix the issues . 
  this is why many banks and financial institutions still use old codebases . 
  now with nuclear reactors this is n't the process you want to take . 
  software can be proven to be correct , but it 's likely much harder than with analog circuits due to added overhead . 
  also radiation can play tricks with digital hardware and thus with software in it . 
  also the general population do n't want to pay for those jobs . 
  at least pay anything reasonable to live on with our living costs . 
  will you still say she is n't evil when usa bombs and invades next country ? 
  which i 'm pretty sure she will do . 
  problem is that it ca n't be done much anywhere else . 
  norway has very advantageous geology for hydro . 
  honestly i 'm not even sure if batteries are a realistic solution for grid-scale balancing . 
  what kinda mad men did they allow in that hotel ... 
  they have expensive ventilation systems , but then some idiots decide not to run them as designed to save money short term ... 
  apart from bunch of small island nations and monaco and san marino non member or observer states are north korea , somalia , eritrea , turkmenistan , south sudan and east timor . 
  plus palestine ... 
  even vatican is observer ... 
  join the group of such illustrious countries as north korea , somalia and so on . 
  should have thought about that then as i said . 
  with the money they paid in . 
  miss handled was it ? 
  their problem should have picked better politicians when they had the chance . 
  you do n't have some super-majority clause like we do for that ? 
  5/6 for one elected parliament . 
  i say we ban natural gas , coal and oil used for heating and energy production . 
  probably wood too to boot . 
  combine that with `` green-energy '' and good few days of no wind and heavy overcast and then reality of waking in morning and noticing that your batteries are dry can be reality . 
  also the resources spend on the car ? 
  from manufacturing to mining and labour ... 
  true , though i 'm all to include it in our currently `` working '' drug laws . 
  i mean we are keeping those laws so they must work , why not extend them to one of the worst drugs too then ? 
  definitely rome . 
  i agree , although i was much younger when visiting rome i did n't like it nearly as much i liked florence , even if visiting it was just extended weekend . 
  rome being probably my least favorite . 
  would n't that also be expandable to other end-times cults , some christian ? 
  i see point in showing that whole political system is irredeemably corrupt . 
  not airing the laundry is just supporting that system . 
  but german should be very easy to learn , you know natively the port-language of swedish , thus it should be childs-play ... / s port-language theory is strong here ... 
  at least those guys are still somehow relevant . 
  unlike the once before who became irrelevant when we got out under them . 
  does n't meant any swedish is good . 
  also online shopping would be much more trouble if you had to deal with customs . 
  it 's a big perk of single market . 
  i can order from any country inside single market and do n't need to pay or deal with extra taxes or delays involved . 
  gonzo journalism at it 's best ... 
  i would expect this crap from vice , but seems like there are many others out for that juicy story ... 
  i wonder if doing the brexit is one as well . 
  might really be . 
  so either way they are screwed . 
  we should just put massive sanctions up until situation is humanely sorted . 
  so can we soon get rid of swedish here , i think arabic would be lot more useful ... 
  are these people tracked down and prosecuted ? 
  nothing is nothing . 
  so real solution is to ship them to usa , somehow ... 
  all three are essentially one city and bunch of suburban areas threwn about around it ... 
  why not close down hospitals , electricity , water , internet , police and fire-fighters while we are at it ? 
  those people need rest too . 
  and ban religions institutions from requiring services from their employees as they too need day of rest . 
  no but : gog does for being polish . 
  indiegala is italian . 
  and bundlestar is uk . 
  probably many others too . 
  250 $ a day ?
