  it 's like 4 % increase in temperature ... 
  allowing shops to decide their own opening times . 
  because it could as well become a problem . 
  immunology is well established field and preventative measurements are much better than reactive . 
  yes , if you have n't done it before . 
  dodging it requires either not being in country until you are over 28 in age or getting medical exemption which is n't that hard though in many cases . 
  so yeah , you can end up in service while having job and a family . 
  bitcoin where it is ... 
  joking . 
  true , cash always has a place in small-time `` bartering '' . 
  still , i think i could now live my live just with credit-card in finland . 
  the sum proposed is lower than the net sum that people in the end get already from multiple sources . 
  just lot less bureaucracy . 
  also depending on type of income and source people need to re-apply and get new decision if they find work for short periods . 
  and those who are employed the taxes will just be re-calculated so there is no net gain . 
  why do n't they have proper schools in mexico ? 
  is it all that drug war ? 
  we should expand nuclear energy so that around 75-90 % of electricity is produced with it . 
  it 's the best option we have now and as such as much of it should be used as possible , also in north district heating should use waste heat , instead of gas or coal . 
  no salt in the dough , no salt/low fat cheese and then worst of the worst toppings . 
  bake at low temperature . 
  goal achieved ... 
  this reminds me of [ turku terminal 2 ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:terminaali_2,_turun_lentoasema,_turku,_11.7.2010.jpg ) . 
  which was essentially long concrete bunker ... with one bar/caffee . 
  at least it was cheap ... edit : wait it was demolished this summer ... 
  border was just drawn by marking certain points and straight lines as no one really cared about that area . 
  it just ended up so that highest point ended up on side of norway . 
  wait that is true 318m compared to 172m , it 's really sad when estonia can do nordic better than denmark ... 
  yule is serious business , half of our carols seem to be about death . 
  http://satwcomic.com/highest-points is one they did about highest points already . 
  does n't really matter , we own most of it anyway and they are talking about moving border a 20 or so meters to include the peak too . 
  i agree we could take over that border next to russia . 
  less work for you and we could build a port somewhere there ... not that we have money , maybe build it and railway + road and give those too , you have oil money anyway and are n't spending all of it ... 
  it 's not even a proper mountain ... 
  and how many people are driven to fatten themselves due to these models ? 
  my absolute favourite song for yule . 
  it 's acquired taste . 
  or natural born talent . 
  dunno which ;d, 
  not majority , but those that have these weapons very likely . 
  i have nothing against them training and having these weapons . 
  after all it takes quite long period of being active to obtain permit to get one . 
  i do n't think i should be able to buy large quantities of explosives with a weeks course and bit of waiting . 
  so why guns and ammo ? 
  if i really want them i could eventually get in to gun collecting . 
  christianity next please , let 's ban all of these cults and scams . 
  do we get one too ? 
  could help with our unemployment for a bit ... 
  those nasty icebreakers ... 
  destroying our booze highway ... not that i advocate for drug use . 
  also let 's not forget george w. bush and barack obama has been there too . 
  it 's not that bad considering we have population of 1/7th of that and 200 mps ... 
  so if suicide bomber gets inside and blows himself up they pick up the pieces and declare him death at morgue ? 
  we did n't get any in ww2 so why should we do anything for them ? 
  even then currently the 474 ( which is after 10 % tax deduction ) is tracked so that you get enough ects and you have n't earned too much taxable income . 
  so even that support includes good amount of bureaucracy ... and actual unemployment is even more massive mess of per person decisions and re-applying and re-processing after short ( 2 week ) periods of works when getting the payments are n't guaranteed ... 
  i mean why not allowing those people to move to smaller municipalities where rent levels can be half of that in helsinki area would also lower rents in helsinki and be good for everyone ... 
  ask lenin ... 
  looks bad ... over 50 % ... 
  it sounds a lot , but finland is also lot more expensive country to live in than spain and may others . 
  there is n't minimum for adult , but with some experience it 's likely between 1000-1500 $ / month . 
  median is is around 3500 $ / month ( including leave pay and possible regular extras ) . 
  lowest 10 % was 2088 $ ... 
  maybe some movement could comb it out for good bits and present those to public and really ignore the bad ones . 
  it would be great way to further the nationalist socialist movement ... / s, 
  they have read well picked fragments from them . 
  and then ignore all the boring and outright mindbogglingly evil parts of the book . 
  like the genealogies and then the rules for bible . 
  i stopped at those parts , and in the end consider that i did n't lose much . 
  i 'm disappointed , we did n't manage to do it even once ... 
  12m draught really really handy in seas around here ... 
  i think it 's kinda fair , both side get the experience of living in warzone and constant fear . 
  win-win someone might call it . 
  please no , it will be at least 5 patches until they get visibility right on that thing ... 
  it 's up to fetus to keep itself alive if host does n't want to . 
  not the hosts problem . 
  i could probably create impossible to break encryption channel in day , just requires people to agree on single meeting . 
  or secure media to distribute tiny physical object . 
  i do n't think they would need more than a few gigabytes of data to transfer so one time pad would be perfect solution . 
  now just think about letters . 
  maybe we should hire enough people to read all letters and postcards too ? 
  and can thank france for starting it ... 
  good thing moving forward , as seen in recent events religions are bad for humanity . 
  the less child are involved the better . 
  you could bomb everything , but you will give just an other reason for left-overs to come and kill a few more people here . 
  no , any involvement can only negatively effect us in future . 
  and i do n't think we even have funds to afford it in current situation . 
  from one viewpoint they are fighting war and this is just brining that war on soil of aggressor . 
  we do n't really do much when wrong people get murdered . 
  and will it this time be done right ? 
  if not war continues and there will be unneeded casualties on both side ... 
  problem is that if you leave any number alive they apply same tactic to you in counter-retaliation . 
  do n't google it , you are better off . . then again also the fact that that sort of stuff happens in america , but on other hand how they relate to nudity is strange ... 
  just new loanwoards , anything established gets rid of them . 
  so in the end only used for foreign names ... 
  then what about that german gold and art rightfully taken by germans in wars ? 
  but is n't s written same way ? 
  you just do n't stop at bottom but come back to top . 
  but then they might turn against rich , and rich just ca n't have that ? 
  keyword is good supermarket .
