  so you agree that in global warzones that war on terrorism is fight and everyone is a soldier it 's allowed to kill enemies ? 
  yes . 
  and there is often massive cry when some people forgo little of those ethics to ensure their children 's safety in future . 
  making the greatest self-sacrifice to bring down evil regimes . 
  if it 's war . 
  then you need to stop crying about lost combatants . 
  in each and every case there should be full judicial process . 
  we all agree , strikes against combatants on nations soil doing this kind of things is the true justice . 
  it seems that europe is failing . 
  i do n't think anyone can consider this as an european way . 
  i think we should expand to that to any illegal war action . 
  like invasions and bombings and part-taking in such . 
  it 's fun that leaders of free world is code name for evil war criminals . 
  if it takes you 5 seconds to decide over 1 cent , it means you can have wage of 7.2 $ tax free per hour spend on this !, 
  blessed ? 
  we still have n't used all of the entrails ... 
  in one sense most fun is if may loses by tories losing some seats ... 
  generally you get what you pay for ... just like cheapest chinese crap ; you get the cheapest , you probably do n't get anything too good . 
  do n't you have store brands of water there ? 
  i think here a plain water bottle of store brand is 0.50 $ ... 
  the 1,7 applies to wending machines . 
  the brand water is stupid , so i expect to get some sugar , coloring and flavoring for the price ... 
  native standard is not really requirement . 
  international work standard is good enough . 
  and most communication is likely to happen between non-native english speakers anyway . 
  or with mix of native and non-native . 
  higher education is nowadays international . 
  whole system is based on contribution and massive work previously done in english . 
  there is no use to fight against it , unless you have enough muscle like maybe china has . 
  effort should focus on supporting local culture , producing tv , film , music , literature , news etc. 
  that is the field where culture prospers or dies . 
  best approach is to push them to take language courses . 
  not force or coerce , but have them included in degree program . 
  potentially as suggested ones . 
  i would be much less against english if it was any good as language ... 
  but it 's absolutely horrid mess . 
  it really should be a mix . 
  bachelors is a level where there is often enough students to distribute cost of material in non-english language . 
  still , there should be healthy mix of english courses that allow students to learn it to level they need in later studies . 
  do you really fault someone who is working for let 's say 5 years in dutch university as visiting professor , or maybe as phd student , for not speaking good enough dutch to teach classes ? 
  the academia is really international and movement between schools is n't hard in europe . 
  here it takes an hour ... or hour and half , then again they are immigrants . 
  so i really appreciate the cheap services they offer . 
  you are really hammering it out are n't you ... 
  hmm , so half a dozen or so wars and poland is england ? 
  that could fix this brexit thing ... 
  we often celebrate heroic self-sacrifice in media and other place . 
  i do n't understand why based on that we find this so strange . 
  fight how ? 
  i do n't think more murder is exactly helpful, 
  i would n't call it very easy . 
  but it 's workable . 
  though i would prefer if we fixed the mess it is and used that instead . 
  but , if you are treating islam as one , why should n't they treat you as one too ? 
  nah , i just think that people murdering others can not realistically expect that something bad wo n't happen to them . 
  and seen as they are being treated as monolithic entity why should n't the other side too . 
  i view is as valid viewpoint . 
  one of the root cause is actions of western countries in middle east . 
  these countries can be called christian . 
  hmm , not that much different from weddings is n't it ? 
  christianity ? 
  hard part is to get the explosives and the detonators . 
  for rest anything goes really ... 
  is n't this type of stuff that abrahamic god is for ? 
  fits nicely in his modus operandi if records are anything to go by ... 
  i think we should give it as much notice as we do to drone strikes and bombings of civilians by western forces . 
  that is business as usual ... 
  are n't they in war considering the actions by many western states ? 
  maybe it 's a statement from one of the sides in these wars ... 
  i think that the guy is really blinded by nationalism and sovereignty ... at some subjects he has valid points , but i do n't think eu and brexit is one of them ... 
  jobs ? 
  you mean waste of resources ? 
  ireland is eu ... 
  blame the countries with incompetent operators who ca n't get their prices to sane levels . 
  instead force the insane prices on others ... 
   0.0092 / mb and the price remains insane ... 
  and those who did , do n't have either . 
  they lost in fair process and had their voice heard . 
  you are neither now , so atleast republic would be improvement ... 
  if you ca n't be neutral , maybe you should n't part take in the part of process ... 
  yeah , we should ban teaching religion to kids . 
  and get them vaccinated . 
  we already take children from violent or physically harming parents . 
  we should take them for mutilation . 
  i do n't see problem in extending this to vaccines which is very comparable . 
  what that has anything to do with it ? 
  more people die or would die from preventable diseases than from vaccines preventing them ... 
  obesity does n't always mean massively fat people . 
  even having decent beer belly can get some people over the line . 
  it 's absurd to force people pay health care cost of others who damage themselves in sports , when some adrenaline junkie or nut ca n't choose something safe . 
  maybe the manufacturer of that controller should provide a driver ... 
  the software is important part . 
  the offerings on linux often are n't that good . 
  and it skips entirely all the proprietary software that each government and government agency has . 
  which has been developed over decades with billions of euros invested . 
  and in many cases likely finally works well enough . 
  at least microsoft has delivered decent legacy support for decades now . 
  people forget just how good they are when things go right , which is vast majority of the time . 
  still a somewhat mess in not enough uncommon rare scenarios . 
  yep .
