  from perspective of eu citizen other on is hard but doable idea . 
  and the other one is more trouble and costs than it 's worth . 
  we just do n't see the gains that people supporting brexit expect . 
  yearly mandatory check ups , with results being public ? 
  that could work too . 
  is it a boogyman any more when they are stopping charity fund raisers ? 
  at that point it has pretty much become reality . 
  it 's kinda funny how this whole russian involvement stemmed from stuff they did . 
  if they had n't done all that media manipulation with trail of emails they might have fared better . 
  like in ww2 ? 
  germany have always been our buddies . 
  we can trust them again . 
  i think we could accept it very well . 
  as long as it was clearly defensive force and not to be used overseas . 
  and this is just the kind of insanity that man labelled `` alt-right '' fights against . 
  and then gets attacked for it ... and then people wonder why they are so biter . 
  i think we should put some sane upper limit to age of politicians . 
  maybe same as pension age ... 
  i wonder what sort of regulations are there for horse meat ... 
  and piles and piles of money ... 
  so i see no trouble in combining both ... 
  but that is still that is nothing compared to civilian deaths in afghanistan , iraq and so on ... 
  and then we label many civilians purposefully killed as fighters or enemy combatants . 
  i do n't understand why that ca n't be a two way street ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we would celebrate him if he had won . 
  just like we celebrate the allied forces who supported the invasion of easter europe . 
  and nations who went to war against others who were just simply defending their freedom and democracy from invaders . 
  i think they should be at the front lines . 
  so they can really consider how their decisions affect their safety . 
  probably later . 
  we should remove right of driving vehicle from anyone who we have caught doing so under influence . 
  a few year prison sentence might also fix it . 
  easy , simple and humane approach . 
  after all we do n't want the drug addicts to risk our lives . 
  for first one , there is n't as easy solutions . 
  and most of the actions done to change things just make things worse . 
  when will you do something about murder your troops and politicians do in places like syria ? 
  stop getting terrorised ? 
  no one wants to take away their culture , history and so on . 
  but like any other group they have to adapt to modern world . 
  that means gainful employment which requires education . 
  if we expect this from immigrant , why ca n't we expect it from group that probably knows the mainstream culture and language already . 
  they are . 
  they have been bombing `` combatants '' in places like syria for a while ... 
  i wonder why they make so big a thing when a few die at home ... 
  i agree responding to force with force in enemy 's capital is justified and logical course of action . 
  they should have just done what west now does . 
  label everyone they murder a combatant ... 
  yep , first step should be banning catholic church with them . 
  we well know that is criminal organization too lead by nation with extreme history of violence . 
  delegalization of all religions might be useful step anyway ... 
  and what is the solution ? 
  i hope those are n't euphemism for state terror and murder ... 
  they sure have gotten it . 
  then again they are also involved in the war ... 
  same god anyway ... 
  war is a ugly business ... 
  great country , gave us freedom from swedish slavery . 
  that ww2 thing with allied forces was n't very nice though ... 
  we lost this one ... 
  like usa ? 
  what qualifies as terror ? 
  technically single person being alone in a party list could get in at 6000-8000 votes here in the smaller district . 
  and around 11 000 or 2.2 % in largest district . 
  it often does . 
  the coalitions tend to try to minimize the number of parties involved . 
  in that sense 2nd place can have power . 
  why are the christians so materialistic ? 
  is n't the `` god 's greatest creation '' enough for his palace and place of worship ? 
  why not just do the cannibalistic rituals outside in nature ? 
  how about first make the corporations pay for the labour ? 
  we do n't exactly have shortage of people who could work for right price , provided training is given . 
  here it 's entirely due to taxation . 
  yearly fee for use one , but fuel is taxed lower . 
  so rather artificial creation . 
  the advanced and great non-barbaric christianity ... 
  would n't anyone inseminating a young virgin child be considered as rape by modern standards ? 
  so does christianity claim the world wars ? 
  do n't you see the insanity of whole situation . 
  basically he set an entire race for failure from the begining , then almost completed a genocide . 
  thought differently later came out himself to fix his own insane original sin idea , in process essentially raping a virgin . 
  basically so insane and evil story that no one sane could believe it . 
  he sacrificed himself because evil god demanded that . 
  does n't make the god in question any less evil , even if the sacrifice was selfishly voluntary . 
  you mean the one demanding human sacrifice for something he decided that a entire species did wrong ? 
  so to curse a plant for not bearing fruit out of season ? 
  what a sane , loving and caring role model to follow . 
  and somehow massive amounts of people think they should follow it or things in it are true ... 
  which is scary for any sane person . 
  by extend by religion yes . 
  so you are saying that no good christian would follow the teachings of new testament ? 
  can we draw from here that new testament is an evil book on level of quaran ? 
  also not forget that christians worship absolutely evil god as seen in other shared part of bible , the old testament . 
  or they are juts cherry picking nice things to feel good , without any real substance ? 
  `` women should be silent outside the home ? '', 
  just one of the messages that book delivers ... 
  so people should follow that ? 
  yep , china is doing great and all their products are excellent too . 
  capitalism was so great too . 
  who cares about consumer rights , am i right ?
