ah the great ammonia as fuel ... 
  yeah it 's weird as it is well known that we have no other businesses than kebab shops , barber/hair saloons and bars ... 
  exactly they could have jumped of the bus in any other part of sweden ... or before sweden . 
  we have n't flown in these people from anywhere . 
  disagreeing them is harassment to them ... then again , am i really only one who finds this whole talk extremely sexist ? 
  as they only talk about women and no word about males and what destructive ex can do them online and via legal system ? 
  or just on social media in general . 
  why is n't that equally big issue ? 
  its sad direction to take . 
  the current day should have as much right as past to modify our cities and set new architectural standards . 
  limiting high buildings is also destructive economically and hurts regular people due to lack of floor space available in cities . 
  there is nothing wrong with them as persons . 
  we just really do n't want them in our back yard . 
  then again eastern and traditional influence could be considered multicultural ... 
  i think we should just get rid of our crosses . 
  move towards multiculturalism and so on . 
  `` sir , this long beard and low voice is all natural , i am a woman just like the passport says . '', 
  so just how meta can these fetishes go ? 
  consoles are essentially immigrants anyway ? 
  that is kinda ironic . 
  then again those pesky immigrants are n't going to take their jobs ... 
  language is not the main reason . 
  it 's reality that there is so many jurisdictions which are much harder to cater to comparable states in usa ... 
  st. petersburg is not exactly next to border . 
  175 km from border . 
  vyborg is much better comparison . 
  but still things are much different outside these cities . 
  [ street view ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@44.0153052,27.5701766,3a,75y,197.65h,76.47t/data=!3m7!1e1!3m5!1sz7n90sy2dvwhndesrjok7q!2e0!6s%2f%2fgeo0.ggpht.com%2fcbk%3fpanoid%3dz7n90sy2dvwhndesrjok7q%26output%3dthumbnail%26cb_client%3dmaps_sv.tactile.gps%26thumb%3d2%26w%3d203%26h%3d100%26yaw%3d35.013184%26pitch%3d0!7i13312!8i6656 ) i kinda love that , so romania had bit more funds ? 
  70 years is long time . 
  basically everything on finland 's sides is western build and maintained and things on russian side is certainly still quite soviet . 
  population also did n't really intermingle or have similar interconnection than soviet-bloc used to . 
  more scary thing to think is how they did n't have modern tugboats . 
  somehow they needed to get those ship to near places of loading and unloading without assistance from motors . 
  finland was actually invaded in ww2 , not good place it 's all lies , do n't come here either !, 
  as long as they are n't starving and it fills nutritional and quality standards ( aka . 
  not rotten , poisonous ) i do n't really see what they can complain about . 
  probably one of the most `` english '' foods in finland , grainy texture with slightly sweet taste without any other taste . 
  ah also i think they could have some m\u00e4mmi ... 
  there are groups that do n't agree how cuts are done . 
  they are n't applied evenly to all workers . 
  and i see their point , it 's not like your average white collar worker is hit as much as someone who is forced to work sundays or decent part of income comes from overtime . 
  but atleast for majority it 's the least important subject ... and not even mandatory if they did choice wisely . 
  so why do n't we just ship all these people and isis fighters there . 
  i mean they should be happy to take those like they take all hardworking americans . 
  iceland has that shark ? 
  and then there is lutefisk ... 
  there is many good options around to feed them . 
  english breakfast over continental one every single time . 
  not that i eat breakfast ... 
  does it work in reverse . 
  will germany pay our immigrants for their values of human sympathy and solidarity . 
  then stop lying ... 
  wait , we are pretty east , but i thought we got the western status ? 
  just how well that worked last time ... then again , finding uncontested land might solve that one . 
  if there is any . 
  can be arranged . 
  though that would certainly slow the process . 
  i wonder if you demand over hole body or any part of it ? 
  i mean we could dice you up and spread across to have wider crossing area . 
  sure , then we again are n't taking you back from canada , you will become their problem ... 
  i really wish for kfc or like to try bigger entry . 
  subway is okay , we got enough burger joints for now and pizza and kebab is well covered . 
  still , some types of fast food is sorely lacking . 
  but we need two of them . 
  one so we can export it and other one importing it all back . 
  i 'm surprised by number of them in finland . 
  then again we have 51.30 hesburgers per million people too ... 
  does n't china has still enough cheap domestic labor ? 
  and it 's not like the standards for average worker are very high yet either . 
  true , without nationalism we would have been occupied by invading allied forces in ww2 . 
  thankfully we kept our independence very much thanks to nationalism . 
  the amount that i read in one article was 0.0002 % of gdp or so . 
  essentially for finland it was 4m ... at time i thought that would be an amazing deal and should be immediately taken ... 
  after all he is the guy that part of other side loves and the other side loves to hate ... and probably tracking him and video clips is lot less work than actual journalism or rewriting reuters articles ... 
  it 's just necessary step in progress for everyone to discover that it 's time to slow down . 
  might be too late for them . 
  change is n't going to happen without problems . 
  what we need to do is what they did to finnish immigrant-kids before . 
  seems just fair trade-off is n't it ? 
  ah so we have people with good organizational potential to send there too . 
  win-win would n't it be ? 
  really why not , it 's not like there is n't room siberia . 
  my solution is that we negotiate with russia , they give some nice area from north siberia for use and we let go of sanctions . 
  just so that they can show solidarity to humanity after what they did . 
  chinese shipping is insane , i can get cheap product for less than shipping costs here ... 
  same for finnish and probably estonian . 
  pakolainen , one who flees ( paeta ) . 
  same idea , different base word . 
  i agree spaces are just messy . 
  and commas have too big chance of confusion . 
  nah , decimal separator is clear . 
  the idiots who chose comma for thousand grouping are the true problem . 
  personally i think '' ' '' would be the best and clearest option . 
  wait so where can i get some dog ? 
  ps/2 is superior connection for keyboards !, 
  ( the truth really . ), 
  do n't look down on superior nkro and interupt-based technology !, 
  we could simply crush isis . 
  but what will happen 5 years down the line ? 
  stability will magically pop up from somewhere in ruined country where people have even more reason to hate invaders ?
