  it 's everything else they did after that point . 
  sounds lot like the type of guy abrahamic god would love . 
  inside trinity technically jesus was a rapist . 
  then again no poor person can afford to live there ... 
  still , i would pick something like that instead of horrible rent situation we now have . 
  looks good . 
  we need more of these at city centres to push down the cost of living . 
  just do away with much of the replaceable buildings there as there is plenty of them anyway . 
  i do n't think you have much to say with messes england is involved with ... 
  but will there be any left if we keep destroying this important and functional history ? 
  horrible . 
  destroying the architectural history . 
  we should really stand against this sort of ruining of buildings . 
  with israel there certainly are very worrying similarities ... 
  would n't these people originally be citizens ? 
  and as such not foreigners ? 
  also would be nice if they used our tax rates . 
  as we have to pay bit extra ... 
  cain is often lot less coward than he himself believes . 
  or smart enough that some times being heroic is the only effective solution from much bigger problems ... 
  i really need to continue reading the series ... 
  wait are n't there many fascists against all other drugs here ? 
  only crime that should strip the voting rights is grand treason ... that is where i draw my line on allowing part-take in democracy ... 
  yeah , i think entire containers are in question here . 
  which is insane amount of merchandise ... 
  but most people do n't care about bad things . 
  or take active stance to work against them . 
  imagine what kind of desperation results people searching this way of making money ... 
  how many cycles ? 
  what is going on in malta ? 
  both ... 
  you mean like allies ? 
  also you guys over there seem to have learned greatly from germany and apply it well for your immoral and illegal expansion ... 
  ca n't germans be proud of ww1 and ww2 do ? 
  they did very well in beginning of them . 
  even whole concentration camp thing was massive organisational achievement and should be reason for celebration ? 
  so what has been lowest % in the past year to date ? 
  the more important number . 
  we just throw in some `` sausage '' and maybe some relish . 
  some even go further with mustard and onions ... 
  equality for everyone !, 
  so at least they do those numbers properly unlike some ... 
  not pawns , but it is a thing that need to be negotiated on . 
  once the negotiations happen that is . 
  why negotiate on it now , if there is chance that nothing happens , even if there really is n't . 
  worst thing is that the attacks started long before anything concrete was even done ... and somehow the previous guy getting free pass for lot of things feels disingenuous ... 
  wait , i thought most journalist are batshit crazy now ? 
  the pineapple-pizza thing is one thing i agree on with mods ... 
  entire point of a50 negotiations is to have 2 years to sort this sort of stuff out . 
  after that we can begin the trade talks and such . 
  i think you are thinking about russians here ... 
  jerky being better than steak ? 
  what do they expect , when the pricing in law is joke itself ... 
  does n't later point to first ? 
  in finland it 's up to municipality to call themselves a city . 
  if they do they are one ... not that i think it 's very valid definition . 
  how fun was it when our currencies could be gambled by big investment bankers and our politicians could do internal devaluations freely ... 
  problem is that sauce on top of meat ruins the crispy coating . 
  i do like sauce with my meat and potatoes though ... 
  it 's like any steak cooked over blue being waste and ruined ... 
  should really apply to any cases , when drunk or pre-occupied with things like texting . 
  murder conviction is only correct choice then . 
  technically they are the terrorist of universe . 
  capacity ? 
  what is the constant production and reliability ? 
  it 's not ... we just have it so we can properly write swedish-finnish names ... 
  no , aa is just long a. 
  he was n't born with it . 
  he made that wealth , as such he is the first generation . 
  clear difference . 
  about open source . 
  i wonder why there is n't such pressure for public domain works . 
  why should some faceless corporation own any rights , consumers should really move to consuming material that can be freely distributed and modified for their liking . 
  maybe groups could edit tv-series to make them better , or provide dups and so on ... 
  west trying to kill kids is n't entirely wrong in some parts of pakistan . 
  the party he is running for is the populist/nationalist one in finland . 
  and many of their members are known from presenting less politically correct views about race and such ... 
  better yet make new sub for them . 
  make / r/europe great again !, 
  main truth is that we have moved lot more towards quaterly capitalism . 
  no one is ready to train talent in work for potential of losing them as they wo n't pay enough after training ... 
  that 's only like 3 hours ... who would n't want to do 14 hour days ? 
  with 6 hours of sleep you get even 4 hours a day to eat , clean and so on ... 
  do n't even get started with kauniainen ... 
  i still do n't see point of having an landlocked enclave ... 
  can you call either of them ( espoo or vantaa ) a city ? 
  because it 's pretty clear that nato is the biggest aggressor and causes more troubles than solves . 
  we simply do n't want to get involved in making profits for military industry by sending our troops to murder and terrorise countries we do n't have much interest in . 
  my understanding is that they did n't have good pure raw materials to make good steel . 
  thank you really much for your help in ww2 . 
  your allies were so nice to us then ... 
  so force projection . 
  and bombing other countries potentially ? 
  i do n't want eu army to be involved in that ... 
  probably same guys as in ww2 did take the land from soviets ... oh , nevermind ... 
  are you going to keep the blue if scotland leaves ? 
  you guys want to be the best police state in the world right ? 
  good thing eu wants to stop most of these sort of overreaches ... oh wait !, 
  nevermind ... 
  making ghettos and stealing property sounds pretty much early stages what happened ...
