  finnish follows that convention too . 
  not that it stops us at times reading like they are written ... 
  i 'm not even sure if trump will follow through with any of the nonsense he speaks ... 
  i fault this prohibition has it ever worked ? 
  or maybe we should include alcohol again too ... 
  hey atleast sweden is n't going to invade and enslave us again . 
  then again they might go for norway first ... 
  over certain limit ( 35-100\u00a0000 $ ) some countries applies their vat rates on goods . 
  it 's fun system how that even works . 
  you order something and vat ends up paid to your own country ... 
  basically power back to finland ... 
  except our own leaders are n't exactly competent ... 
  do we even need olympics ? 
  or maybe it would make more sense to distribute them around the globe ? 
  have certain groups of sports in certain locations . 
  potentially stream the events around . 
  brexit is good for bitcoin as pound dies it will obviously be replaced with bitcoin . 
  or atleast scotland will use it ... / s, 
  nah people coming from london have the expertise in that too ... 
  basically at this point technically uk can still just come out and say that they are ignoring the referendum and nothing legally changes between uk and eu . 
  not that it wo n't still be a massive political mess ... 
  how big voting block farmers and etc. 
  are in britain ? 
  as they would want to protect their livelihood which will further complicated the trade deals as with many developing nations the agriculture can be big factor ... 
  problem is that it ca n't be easy as other populist would just point at uk and say `` look , nothing bad happened we should leave too '' ... 
  mexico , usa and canada makes sense too . 
  why not go back to cccp with capitalism while we are at it ... 
  do they have meat-only days ? 
  as fair representations of both views . 
  should n't be too much to be asked from vegans as it 's only one day of the week . 
  i wonder if we should ask if they ever were member of communist party ... 
  i have nothing of them playing their intra-party power-games , if they just used sensible stakes ... 
  1809 - autonomy under russia , freedom from sweden 1917 - independence 1939-40 - winter war, 
  and considering how automated that process now is , the cost difference is negligible compared to long tail of labour cost involved in that process . 
  unless you build entire system on that like lidl did here it does n't make sense . 
  with proper screening and visa process ofc . 
  maybe we should consider taking full fingerprints , dna and iris scans ... just to be sure . 
  so do n't cry when you need to stay there and things get worse there . 
  because they have had best negotiators for centuries !, 
  no we hate you because you are greedy . 
  horse is good , so is chicken . 
  still they are rather distinctive ... 
  but what ever floats the brits ... 
  so islamism is a good thing ? 
  because you allied with evil commies and then their system did n't work out ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but is n't single market lot better than free trade due to even lower barriers ? 
  let 's say i want to order something online , inside single market it shipped directly to me with no extra taxes ( or in case of eu the seller can be obligated to pay vat to my country ) . 
  on other hand with free trade , i do n't need to pay import taxes , but the item can still be impounded in customs and i need to deal with whole vat thing there ? 
  and this basically applies also to business ? 
  and because they are poor and uk would pay more , they would probably get even better deal of eu ... 
  did n't they just pay like 15 billion dollars for the emission scandal ... and they are n't dead yet ... 
  why not get rid of that pesky minimum wage too ? 
  everyone knows their value and can choose not to take work if they are n't paid enough . 
  some how people are n't against these free trade deals ? 
  i thought that exactly is globalization ... 
  but will she listen to 1 000 guys that send her 50 $ check or one guy that paid 50 000 $ to listen her or her husband to speak ... 
  i personally just think that she is incredibly corrupted at this point . 
  but that is the name of the game ... 
  also the quality of those deals is very big question , as the other side will most of the time have upper-hand . 
  then again , we could always ask turkey for expertise in handling refugees ... 
  russia is hurting , it 's just that their national mentality can handle it far further ... 
  i would n't be so sure about brits ... 
  i get the feeling that during her term she will back whatever is good for big corporations . 
  question really was how long it would take and would it really be advantageous for uk in terms ... 
  could be this guy too : http://www.counter-currents.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/farage.jpg, 
  from outside it 's mostly that people are tired with games uk politicians are playing and their effect is too big . 
  i think greece would be given leeway to turn back on this kind of vote . 
  but world and europe economy really needs clear answer is uk leaving or not . 
  fta is n't really good deal compared to access to single market . 
  yes there wo n't be any tariffs or tolls in best cases , but the added bureaucracy is still more expensive , slower and more prohibitive ... 
  i agree future is looking grimm for lot of people . 
  and on basic level the eu is outside force where blame can be placed . 
  what is missed is that without eu future would be lot worse . 
  and there really is n't going back to how things were ... 
  i did n't vote for any of our ministers either ... 
  perfect time to force their hand with the opt-outs and euro ... we let you back in , but we want schengen and euro ... 
  so let 's treat you like russia . 
  sounds good !, 
  it was n't money in the first place . 
  just valuation of stocks and so on . 
  people thought stuff was worth something and now they think it 's worth less . 
  i knew we should have gotten rid of swedish like century ago ... 
  it 's just financial suicide . 
  the reason that those corporations are in ireland now is in large part of them being in eu , if that changes there is much less point being in ireland in same degree ... 
  and empty row below that to be filled with expletives wished upon ... 
  he does n't know that buffing while showing that you have nothing is n't very smart . 
  so either eu forces them to raise their corporate tax rate , or they leave and lose those corporations and then have to raise the rate to compensate ... 
  i do n't really understand either , even 60/40 would have been sufficient protest call against eu . 
  but to aim for near 50/50 is pure idiocy ... 
  because it 's cheaper ... euro does have it 's good side too , namely very low interest rates right now ... 
  development itself is global , but talent and business side might really prefer to move . 
  we have had our own for centuries and they really have n't yet integrated to our mainstream culture and probably never will ... 
  at this point , i think not really bad is only thing to aim for ... 
  when did eu even need a army last time ? 
  i know , then again ww3 would be great for russia , usa funding their european invasion like last time ... 
  half that or that much just to get started ... and then reality of juggling all of these at one time ... 
  with big economies yes . 
  usa , russia , china etc. 
  sure would be and are . 
  there is room for leniency with developing countries .
