  i do n't think anyone is interested in the parking lot outside my `` porch '' ... [ if you insist ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zrpyj ) i only have phone and it 's bit dark here ... 
  i say just move to utc and be done with it . 
  adjust in couple years or decades . 
  reap benefits forever . 
  so when will you get around returning those artefacts ? 
  and i thought germany would be doing great with all that solar energy ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ \\ s, 
  germany seems to be doing great with all that green solar power ... 
  he just went and talked crap to such extreme anything he said became meaningless and rhetoric won ... 
  sad state of politics today . 
  whole thing was also fed by profit driven misinformation from news ... 
  probable mistakes are already there . 
  but at the least tor is one software that is quickly iterated . 
  being open-source and heavily used does n't mean bug free like heartbleed showed . 
  still , tor is likely pretty safe . 
  but yeast and such produce co2 ... 
  better to eat unrisen stuff ... 
  at least we saved non-christian name for our celebration . 
  which is n't ours tho ... 
  was cross ever symbol of any totalitarian regime ? 
  just wondering ... 
  how about suffering in open area by bomb ? 
  should all the people behind those be subjected to same . 
  maybe even extend to people who supported those who supported that ... 
  hey could you not this time ally with evil commies , like you commie lovers did once ? 
  or be direct more direct and skip the useless pleasantries . 
  save money and energy . 
  i support making it illegal , as that solution clearly works with other drugs . 
  i honestly meant that if you school child in french it 's very likely they will stay . 
  so you do n't really end up losing that much . 
  and if you think about this on long scale . 
  how likely these children that are schooled in french and probably end up going through french higher education system likely to move out ? 
  genocide is truly a moral thing , when done by right people ... 
  drugs probably should ... 
  but that different discussion . 
  also it 's not corn syrup , but dark cane-sugar syrup ... 
  ( heretic ! ), 
  worst thing is that they sometimes do and some times do n't ... 
  americans , worse than roma ... ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  worst of all the people who did that still think we owe them something . 
  train and motorway to turku are also pretty big savers . 
  they are n't already doing all they can get away with ? 
  turkey is great example what western leaders want ... 
  now that i think of finland kinda does this too . 
  3 pms which technically were n't elected in the last 14 years ... then again our pm is the leader of largest party ... 
  why not charge your customers that maximum roaming charge just in case ? 
  eu seems to think that it 's great solution for everyone ... 
  hmm . 
  estonia ... maybe sweden and aland too ... 
  i could accept a few tunnels as long as we wo n't pay for them ... 
  i honestly think we could do with area from 1300-1400s ... 
  my single room is half larger ... then again ' it 's not technically in helsinki , but the price is almost half of that ... 
  wait , it 's that bad ? 
  i do n't think democracy is essential , but having army of all things to take over ... 
  there is apathy and then there is lunacy ... 
  maybe they see risks and consequences of some policies left has been driving . 
  one could even argue that nationalism is what made the socialist model work in the europe . 
   essential to protecting human rights ? 
  yes . 
  not doing very good job at that . 
  based ? 
  i thought that historically it was about power and ownership . 
  whole human rights thing is rather new . 
  just need to cut their life-support when they are too old to vote . 
  i think we should go back to yule and so on and ban christians from part-taking in these pagan rituals . 
  after all they surely do n't want to go to hell . 
  maybe they should follow the bible , where i ca n't remember any mention of this event ... 
  i would prefer sanctions and blocking swift access . 
  if you allow/want someone else to do the toll process . 
  depends on country , here i think if you do it yourself it 's only the amount of tax . 
  maybe we should tax these green energy producers to cover the costs . 
  just regulate the exchanges and companies providing related services . 
  everything will fall eventually . 
  easy level , only one type of passengers ... 
  you have to give the british education that at least . 
  not that it means products are wise necessarily . 
  why not ? 
  it 's handy portable meal , kinda like pie . 
  hitler drank water . 
  who else drinks water ? 
  you !, 
  corporations can be legally required to make money , how ever immoral the way they make it is . 
  never was fond of it , dries too much in the oven as they usual do it here . 
  now combining rolled d\u00f6ner kebab and pizza is something i have dreamed about . 
  then again it might have been a plot to justify things to come . 
  proper use of paint could fix lot of the examples presented . 
  i do n't think it would even need to be that expensive . 
  brick is pretty depressing when it 's every where ... 
  that description reminds be of guy two countries over ... 
  apart from everything else that kills or is more unsafe . 
  hydro power which is touted to solve solar and wind problems have killed over 170 thousand people . 
  do we really want to risk that happening in europe ? 
  9.4.2017 municipal elections ... 
  so nothing that affects in large scale generally . 
  i do n't remember if i have been called offensive names , then again i did play cs , so very likely ... 
  which tells lot of how things affect people differently . 
  south korea is n't doing so brilliantly either ... 
  very effective in getting rid of concentrations of undesirable terrorists . 
  did he plan for this ? 
  still , the news makes that place look rather unsafe . 
  violent anti-government protests all around ...
