  i wonder what russia would give us for helsinki , it 's the western port town of st. petersburg after all ... 
  vlad is quite popular guy too . 
  but then again he is n't presented in exactly positive light most of the time . 
  or maybe around western shore of ireland ... 
  denmark is n't geographically in scandinavia either ... 
  i do hope your citizens love to pay for the corporations . 
  and it 's not like there is n't tax havens already . 
  dropping rate does n't change much if you ca n't do it for income earned else where too . 
  i wonder how much of that will be re-imported ... 
  not much of fireball if there is no fuel left ... 
  danish crown is also aimed to keep inside 2 % of euro ... 
  so it 's not very simple in whole ... 
  for personal experience : i will stop ordering stuff from uk as customs are pain to handle , when i can just buy from some single market source . 
  it 's just not tolls , it 's everything else that goes with single market . 
  btw , what will happen to sepa after brexit ? 
  massive upper class that really did n't have much to do as others farmed their land ... 
  deported where ? 
  who would accept them ? 
  and if they were without nationality they would probably end up stuck in some airport in your country ... 
  i wonder if they fill the criteria for being practised in enough countries ... 
  problem is that many of these are natural citizens and you ca n't exactly deport those anywhere . 
  so real coup , but very extensive planning for what to do when one is attempted was done before ? 
  soviets were very good in this and then some guys decided to ally them ... 
  it 's missing this beautiful thing : http://www.muurausliike.fi/index.php?id=11, 
  yup . 
  why would anyone want to cross the sea ... 
  they do , but ease of process can be massive factor . 
  going though long uncertain process of getting visa instead just arranging more simple and certain process can affect the decisions . 
  honestly effective integration to society is only sensible thing that can stop these fighters from causing problems . 
  and integration likely works much better if is the whole package . 
  i suggest we simply kill everyone . 
  no more wars !, 
  war is ugly business ... 
  i think the feeling is mutual ... 
  war on terror ... maybe someday we can start to understand that they can hit us also . 
  then again i find that lot more honest than just continuing murdering people outside their country and invading various areas for no real gain . 
  sarcasm is hard to detect ... 
  that 20 % cut . 
  i wonder how competitive they really would be if they or their `` contractors '' had to pay all the cost involved in labour and everything else . 
  i do n't have anything against new services like uber , but they need to play with same rules as others . 
  i really want to know how he feels about fgm ... 
  i understand it like that too . 
  article just triggers negotiations of how the exit from eu will work . 
  during it the member state is still member of eu with all the rights and responsibilities until otherwise is agreed . 
  but pensioner problem has easy and cheap solutions ... 
  is n't the spec for imt-2020 supposed to come out second half 2019 ? 
  not truly unlimited , but at least some old plans have been grandfathered here as such there is n't any real limit , also most operators do n't have data caps . 
  reasonable use is described , which probably covers anything , but really hard server and p2p use . 
  it 's not like they wo n't build 5g anyway . 
  also as far as i know no one yet has any concrete idea of 5g . 
  at this point it 's mostly more of everything ... 
  finland is fun too , any municipality can decide to call themselves a city and thus they become a city . 
  smallest being kaskinen with 1290 inhabitants ... 
  okay , i admit if that is all that was proven . 
  i can accept 80 hours of community service as reasonable punishment . 
  free trade is almost certain . 
  but that sort of free trade is just shadow of what single market it . 
  and discussion is about access to single market , which is far deeper thing . 
  which can be taken away ... 
  i wonder if we bet on the wrong guy this time too . 
  then again maybe the uk decides to join invading bad guys once again . 
  mike tyson ? 
  common knowledge . 
  just do some basic research what single market/common market means and entails . 
  why does 1/2 = 0.5 and 1 / ( symbol for ten ) equaling 0.1 make more sense ? 
  there is 6 different `` cup '' sizes if wikipedia is to be believed . 
  at least tablespoons are relatively close to each other , if ignore the australians ... 
  so everything is a mess . 
  and then you can do stuff like measuring butter in volume or sticks , which is very international ... 
  ten is only special because we made it so . 
  there is really no reason apart from us having 10 digits why we could n't use 8 or 12 or 16 . or any other similar number . 
  only using prime as base would really be retarded , beyond 3 probaly . 
  adding 0 in base 12 would be function same way , the result would just be multiplying by 12 instead of 10 . 
  we are just used of thinking in base 10 . 
  it 's a mess really , i still think ' is the best option for thousands . 
  then there is no real confusion if either , or . 
  is used . 
  12-base system would be better , if properly used such as 1/144 1/12 1 12\u00a0144\u00a01728 , but the 10 system is too ingrained to us ... 
  but imperial system does n't do this and instead is a collection of different ratios . 
  base 2 is how data is stored . 
  octal and hexadecimal are just handy ways to present it for humans . 
  in cooking yes , `` right '' amounts work well for most of the stuff . 
  baking on other hand , then again ingredients can also have differences so it 's a mess ... 
  what about going back to non-decimal currency ? 
  kilogram is the joke in the system ... french just could n't do it properly the first time ... 
  some of us are laughing because we think they are coming back like nothing have changed , or changed for worse for them ... 
  kekkonen , add infinitum ... 
  if we were one ... 
  i do n't think english speakers can call any other language crazy , specially american english ... 
  i was refering to warehouse workers ... 
  yes r&d does make sense as weak pound is direct savings in wages ... 
  it 's not like you do n't know how to do police state ... 
  which would be stupid considering that unless uk stays in single market the ordering from co.uk does n't make that much sense anymore . 
  if i have to personally handle the customs ( vat ) for my items , i just go somewhere else ... 
  so there is no solutions . 
  solar and wind only work if you ignore need for storage . 
  i would too , more for him being anti-establishment and probably not going to follow on much he says . 
  clinton is more of the same , which seems downward spiral for regular people . 
  sure i take that ... 
  the missing stations are confusing in this ...
