  i do n't have to guess any more about unimportant christian holidays if i can get some food or not . 
  like last saturday , traditionally nothing would have been open , but now very nice hypermarkets are . 
  so much simpler . 
  but what about workers in those restaurants , why do people hate them so much ? 
  should n't they be fighting to stop any non-essential services from working during sundays ? 
  why even allow public-transport or taxis ? 
  they have families too ... 
  why should n't those places be closed on sundays too ? 
  would n't it be great for their employees ? 
  i hope people do n't cry when extra judicial killings happen in britain against enemy combatants there . 
  if you want war , you get a war . 
  honestly , why even invade . 
  it 's easy , block all traffic and let them fall over naturally . 
  strong borders are important after all . 
  and the cross border networks , what if they go all in on green energy too ? 
  i wonder if i can get danish ham already ... 
  it does make things somewhat brighter , i have to give that . 
  biggest issue is with that is all roads and almost all walkways are very effectively cleaned from most of the snow . 
  and then either salted or spread with sand or gravel . 
  is n't the optimal conditions for skiing , though in parks and such there can be routes . 
  no , but generally it would be waste of resources to go over each individual in country regularly . 
  information like this allows people who notice any clear suspected discrepancies to report them . 
  ofc police will use this information to investigate if they find something , but they need to know who to investigate first . 
  they are n't clairvoyant ... 
  but does it make sense to have that in every wind turbine ? 
  how much more it cost to include that ? 
  in potentially increased material strength , foundation costs and transportation costs . 
  not to mention that you need to train it for maintenance . 
  alternative is to just make massive concrete pool or dig a hole . 
  both very likely cheaper options due to scaling of volume to height * surface ... 
  so storage wise it makes sense , but engineering ? 
  6 000 cubic meters of water , that is 6000 tons of weight . 
  is it sensible or even best solution ? 
  i 'm not sure if this is so brilliant . 
  from other sub the numbers do n't look very special and then the increased cost and emissions from equipment and towers being able to handle the extra load of water ... 
  public can respond to relevant authorities . 
  and that is a good thing . 
  but to investigate they need to know to look at something . 
  where as with this model any private person who suspects something can check and if things do n't really line up report it . 
  and i 'm also too lazy to spell check for my typos ;d, 
  also : `` i ca n't find that person on internet and i 'm too lazy to go to tax office ... '', 
  not on the list if i found the right name ... 
  probably not that much as this is 2015 data . 
  yep , population matters greatly . 
  maybe we should teach kids that they will die anyway , good practises will postpone it anyway , like not drinking or injecting hard drugs like ethanol ... 
  probably never . 
  seeing how well most people eat up the propaganda . 
  thank you very much for your help against our aggressor in ww2 ... 
  good marketing , a market that is thought to be easy and lucrative , but hard to pierce ... 
  and then someone dies there and you are in prison for a while ... 
  if no one is willing to invest in it and it 's going to self-demolish shortly anyway , it might be cheaper to demolish it now in the safe and right way and possibly save some materials to use in other way . 
  there is potential of hazardous materials too . 
  earl sandwich ? 
  we already have hands full with doing that to estonia ... 
  those nitrates in that meat must be killer , or it 's just way too raw . 
  or am i mistaken ? 
  it does n't have to . 
  the time it rises and drops varies alredy , what difference would it make if it were n't at highest point at 12:00 ? 
  preferably including russia in the other end ... 
  internet , guides , mobile phones ? 
  it 's not like you do n't already read opening times and potential special scenarios when something might be closed during the day . 
  i support this too . 
  i do n't see any reason mid-day needs to be when clock reads 12:00 or midnight when clock reads 24:00 . 
  or work starting when clock reads 8:00 . 
  they are all just numbers , numbers that can be adjusted . 
  using one standard time would make life simpler in the long run . 
  i say we just all move to utc and unlearn our conceptions of morning and midnight corresponding to certain clock number . 
  valetta probably because it 's cleanest and follows heraldic rules closest . 
  also madrid is a horrid mess . 
  this is the main issue . 
  sure you can invest in them , but they just do n't work in scale we need yet . 
  which is why i want more nuclear reactors . 
  they would also allow us to replace fossils for heating . 
  it seems there is an error in the article . 
  it should be 120c and 250f . 
  which would make more sense as 250c is above smoke point of most oils ... 
  this chemical is something that occurs when cooking food at high temperatures . 
  probably even lower . 
  so would valid solution be to limit how food can be cooked , like only boiling it ? 
  for software , if you anyway have to go through ridiculous immigration process why not go to the usa where wages are insane ... 
  if they ca n't beat other competitive areas inside eu gaining good workforce might be hard . 
  and it 's not exactly hard industry to relocate ... 
  i approve of this direction . 
  more ridiculous acts we can gather the better ... 
  one treaty at a time ... 
  so american is qualifier for stuff that is n't real stuff , like cheese ? 
  one could even say that clinton is what usa deserves . 
  sadly it will affect rest of the world too . 
  and anyway do n't uk have nice territories like cayman islands with 0 % tax rate ? 
  why would n't corporations just utilize those ? 
  also : `` government does n't pay anything if i live with my parents '' it 's perverse , but true , you can end up with less if you do n't live alone here ... 
  in espoo i think it was around 281 $ for 12.5 m ^ 2 room with shared bathroom , shower and kitchen couple years ago . 
  currently one price i heard is ~ 470 $ including everything for 38 m ^ 2 studio ... 
  also for over 25 and not student you get reasonable rent paid from welfare ... 
  in finland if you are n't student the state and municipality essentially covers your reasonable rent + heating + water in every case . 
  on other hand also after 25 you are eligible to jobseeker 's allowance too which covers the living and municipality covering the rest to certain livable level ... 
  so essentially even if you are good for nothing your rent is paid by taxes ... 
  is n't islam by definition an extension of judeo-christian culture and as such part of it as sub-level ? 
  symbol of doomsday cult that is responsible for most evil in the known history . 
  sure ... now what is their definition of civilian and would they qualify under it ?
