  small step , i hope we would very soon follow with legalization of it and other drugs for recreational use . 
  but that wo n't happen in this backwards hole ... 
  also there are people who used to shoot or even collect guns . 
  here getting licenses was much easier and they were for live . 
  so stuff just ends up sitting in some place hopefully properly parted ... 
  nah throw them all in jail and set hefty lifetime pay for the stuff too . 
  forcibly converting everyone and destroying their cultural heritage was and is very popular still . 
  we have been closing them in last 10 years or so . 
  10 years or so ago my neighborhood used to have 2 , but no it only has one . 
  second thing that affects this number is us really only having one shared brand between all the major banks . 
  fun , first steps in corporate run private militaries . 
  what a future we live in ... 
  96 % of olympic swimming pool . 
  not counting the empty space ... 
  i demand my vegan food has meat in it !, 
  so absolutely evil bunch in general and should n't be counted as ` great historical figures ' ? 
  your kings were quite a nice bunch were n't they ? 
  they joined forces with him ... 
  which pretty much means they agreed fully with the invasions . 
  or atleast were n't the good guys fighting those actions . 
  a great allied hero , a force of good ? 
  just like rest of them ... 
  the main problem is that effectiveness decreases over time . 
  as such delays increase likely hood of pregnancy . 
  religions ... 
  when it stops being parasite inside a foreign body . 
  or force ... go figure , the systems is archaic ... 
  why ca n't we just let free market do it 's job ? 
  when renewables are cheaper whole whole picture they will win out . 
  anything before that is extra burden that consumer or economy ca n't take and should n't be responsible . 
  seems like someone has money to waste ... 
  are they even used in west ? 
  at least if the sports involved are marginal in the host country ? 
  i do n't understand either . 
  how council is an issue , but no one is continuously speaking against unelected ministers . 
  as far as it goes in many countries where pm has power is voting for party and the leader of largest party gets it ... just how much less undemocratic that really is ? 
  i know , not liking the stars is bit extreme . 
  i quite like the finnish one . 
  maybe without the stars , but sensible move away from past to to future . 
  so you are saying that we should move female circumcision to be done in public hospitals ? 
  to combat the same effect ? 
  do n't they have post to deliver ? 
  conservatives playing internal politics with most important foreign policy they have ... and then doubling down for power to try to make best out of it . 
  which for any smaller country would be even more pure insanity . 
  10c ... how adorable ... that is almost optimal temperature to have . 
  also dead people do n't consume !, 
  that is actually effective plan for one . 
  if these countries are the high polluters ... 
  something i heard was like 0.17 degrees ... 
  why not just embrace swedish democrats ? 
  a draw ... how disappointing ... 
  there is nothing wrong with research , but there is with expecting it to pay like people who field which actually produces something or it being as applicable degree in general business than other fields offer better qualifications . 
  they are celebrating that their religion is cannibalistic one ? 
  estonia can nordic with that attitude !, 
  i can live with the loss ... 
  so commies ... could be worse , like swedish ... 
  because freedom fighters at least can have noble goals . 
  this is just pure greed or maliciousness ... 
  clearly we need to increase tracking of these individuals receiving welfare . 
  staying in the country is least we can ask for benefits . 
  then again this is likely also systematic failure . 
  so how much are they going to work for their `` little human '' ? 
  will they now draw clear line on it ? 
  taste of power , not real principles ... 
  potentially they gain even more anti-eu and protest votes from this ... 
  this new factions is one i would guess will lose , due to competition from other parties and not really following on their other promises . 
  but is this group such ? 
  or are the ready to forgo these values for little power ? 
  it seems very very quick . 
  3 days from change of leadership ... 
  is n't end goal of capitalist to create a monopoly of ownership ? 
  only problem with rkp is that they are always behind one of the most wasteful things in our nation ... 
  can we get rid of aland too ? 
  must be indicative of whole french army and judicial system ... 
  the voice of people must be heard ... 
  give it a few weeks and things might change . 
  the past doings by them were n't such that their voters really wanted . 
  we should start working towards religion free society . 
  it 's pretty clear how much ill it causes in the society . 
  does n't this extend to state terror ? 
  it 's not like europeans care about deaths either ... 
  is n't the right wing lunacy what continues ? 
  which people ? 
  strong and stable government for us too ... 
  i do n't see any value of substituting energy production . 
  let the markets compete fairly and equally . 
  ca n't make money , it 's bad technology . 
  and still less deaths than from alternatives ... 
  as said , i have read the prices and for data i find them absolute robbery . 
  they are too high by factor of 10x at the least . 
  yeah , and it will take many years ... 
  do n't blame yours . 
  blame the incompetences and protectionist tendencies of countries who are so bad at telecom businesses that they ca n't match prices in developing economies . 
  i just look at the price their are forced to pay for roaming and compare it to my bill . 
  it 's 5 times the price . 
  i ca n't see that being sustainable . 
  so only logical conclusion is very high likely hood of my bill increasing atleast 5 fold to cover the cost in short term . 
  is n't that exactly what is happening here ? 
  they are forcing business to pay others unsustainable rates . 
  why should they .
