  same as russia , most of it is somewhat unusable ... not that lapland is great either ... 
  i see possible swap to methanol/ethanol or maybe lng . 
  possibly use of fuel cells too . 
  hydrogen is hard stuff to handle , but chemical energy in liquid fuel is far greater than in batteries ... fuel cells could be the best way to go if sufficient efficiency and matching fuel is found with manufacturing process . 
  i think black colour has quite a bit character , but in details it gets ugly . 
  black stone would be cool looking . 
  and how many of them are millionaires not counting homes ? 
  nah , i think we could do fair trade . 
  we leave them free to move through lapland and they leave rest of finland alone . 
  for programming and networking technology it 's pretty good overview . 
  but once you go outside pure facts it 's not really worth the bits it 's transferred over , and those are essentially free ... 
  i wonder what would be today 's answer to regicide ... 
  when you dwell too deep in european history , we have n't been very nice most of time ... 
  what after russia china and north korea ? 
  language politics also shows pretty clear bias . 
  there is probably some other subjects too . 
  we nordics have our own special rights ... 
  between us . 
  after ice-hockey and eurovision , the winter war . 
  where we held against invading allied forces . 
  plus 400 $ of loan ... 
  so you should be eligible for rent + utilities +470 $ minus student support including rent . 
  then again any money you parents give you is counted also against it ... students are really screwed in the system . 
  if you are not eligible for student support you make more in the end , but then again working as student is very easy ... 
  the reality is that we are paying more than 700 $ to everyone ( needing welfare ) in the end anyway . 
  but the system is full of traps and bureaucracy that causes situations where taking a few days of works means that you need to reapply for benefits which can take weeks or months . 
  so in the end it would be more beneficial to do away with the bureaucracy . 
  this is the other viewpoint from which whole thing makes sense . 
  the sum of 700 $ is n't much if it truly removes majority of other systems . 
  the current minimum welfare is 471,65 $ per month plus rent + utilities plus public medical costs for regular adults . 
  in that sense sum is even low in some parts of finland mainly the capital region . 
  the taxation is adjusted accordingly . 
  so there is not netgain at middle and high income . 
  i do n't think it 's too must to ask , specially when finland is a state build on nationalism . 
  ofc , there is also the easy way to go with minority and learn swedish ... 
  i think it 's fair to extend to naturalized citizens , living in finland . 
  and in the end this is one reason i do n't thin finland needs nato . 
  other one being that while russian leaders could be insane , there is still someone doing calculations if it 's truly worth it . 
  i would n't want whole europe to defend falklands , iceland/greenland maybe , but really the forces should focus on around the continent . 
  not on other side of the world ... 
  i could accept situation where somethings are banned if the reasons were good . 
  not just tradition . 
  prohibition did n't work in past so why is it working now ? 
  i 'm really for objective standards applied across the board for drug legislation . 
  establish certain level which beyond the short and long term harm to user and surrounding people is too much , make everything below this legal and tax it ... 
  we can throw in \u00c5land , as long as we can keep the tax free status for ferries you are free to have it ... 
  it 's not like there is any other use for it . 
  it 's not so much feeling anything common or special , but knowing what rights and possibilities it opens up . 
  i 'm not sure everyone understand just what they would give up by leaving . 
  then again if you never travel or see any possibility to move out it 's pointless . 
  and now i see why finnish uses ' - ' for compound words where first words ends in same vowel as first one begins . 
  brexit would probably be a huge mess for multiple years . 
  most people do n't really understand just what is involved in being eu-citizen and britain being part of eu ... 
  okay let 's meet and fight in city centre !, 
  i have no idea if i was mildly disappointed once again in last year , probably not ... 
  so i ca n't really say when i last ate it ... 
  kauniainen is probably the most stupid thing . 
  having a municipality inside an other one ... 
  i look at map and wonder how is that a thing . 
  i do n't think espoo or vantaa should really be called cities in first place ... more of suburbs of helsinki with no real center of their own ... 
  i think correct approach would be to freeze all assets and ban imports and exports . 
  nah , problem is too harsh sentences and lack of reintegration . 
  really , if you have troubles to get job because you are felon then your options of earning lawful income is limited and you end up re-offending . 
  it would make sense to ban discrimination based on felon status outside handful of special areas . 
  i hope un is getting net negative value from him then . 
  just in fair exchange ... 
  many countries just give out money . 
  in finland it 's direct bank transfer for majority , albeit you can receive promises to pay such thing as prescription medicine and larger goods if the worker deems it necessary . 
  the whole american food-stamp system seems overly messy and inefficient ... 
  japanese ? 
  i 'm thankful that we did away with 1 and 2 cent coins in 2002 , at least for once government did something sensible ... 
  the really controversial one is banning religion . 
  more realistic , moving everyone to utc time and no summertime nonsense ... then complete overhaul of drug policies . 
  and the insane dictator option . 
  implementing areas in public places where standing still is grounds for immediate physical punishment . 
  such areas are the central walkways and next to doors . 
  probably the timezone one is one i pick ... 
  science ... 
  it 's not too hard to look in good research from past and force drug like research requirements for new substances . 
  i would be for even more systematic drug legalization . 
  based on scientific research class all drugs including ethanol and nicotine . 
  then ban the most harmful and make sliding tax scale from most harmful substances to least harmful substances . 
  we did n't exactly have borders then ... 
  so how we should be ? 
  finland never adopted them in the first place ... 
  i would love to see 5c coins gone too . 
  they are pain to collect and find wending machines that accept them . 
  maybe we could do away with 5 snt coins at same time ... 
  that 's kinda the whole point . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  it would be simpler if you had euro too , but easy border control and ability to buy online from uk stores without taxes is good enough for now . 
  you are good to stay for me . 
  not for air-raids specifically . 
  it 's used in case of large scale chemical hazards , nuclear accidents , war and any other case when there is clear threat and going to cover is need . 
  basically almost never used . 
  various reasons , one being not wanting to involved finland in wars nato has conducted and will conduct in future . 
  finland has defensive force not and attacking army . 
  wasting lives to project power on some far away country for no gain seems stupid ... 
  in the end most people could even find some bogus medical reason to not needing to do either . 
  not impossible think to fake .
