  37 % is pretty bad still where it should be 0 % ... 
  highways are different from towns and suburbs . 
  little chance that someone wanders on highway , but quite high for same to happen in town . 
  we have 15 . 
  and also no reason to learn it anyway . 
  what really matters is number of countries you have that understand your song nowadays . 
  now that explains why i dislike c++ and find it annoying ... 
  not swedish ... 
  but our leaders have n't yet understood that ... 
  no , that would be rude . 
  finally a use for lapland , beyond reindeers ... 
  it 's crazy but very rich and big loan money to governments with sub-zero interest rates ... just think about that ... 
  yeah , all the things that make use superior to our swedish neighbours ... 
  not if you read it ... 
  specially the older part they attached is telling . 
  90 % majority in continent ... 
  swedish people can learn finnish for trade if it 's important and english probably works very well in this case . 
  and we do have considerable minority who speak dialect of swedish . 
  at the same time various people are lamenting lack of foreign language speakers in workforce . 
  i 'm not saying that we should stop offering swedish , just that other languages should take priority over it . 
  german , french , spanish , portugal , chinese , arabic . 
  anything with bigger market potential for trade ... 
  i hope we someday as nation accept how much wasting resources swedish is . 
  also one needs to remember that eyewitness identification is pretty bad method . 
  which i would n't trust if there is n't other solid evidence , like possession of stolen items or fingerprint involved ... 
  uses margarine ... those vegans i tell you ... 
  let 's just call the european death camps . 
  after all they were in europe ... 
  no i meant that non-prisoners should be hired to do those jobs . 
  am i only one who thinks using disgruntled prisoners for taking care of elderly , sick and disabled might not be best idea ... and in general that all of the jobs should be done for real wages with modern equipment ... 
  depends on university/tertiary schools . 
  there is certain programs that allow admissions with good enough grades from certain subjects . 
  part of admissions is with points from these exams and combined with entry-exams and potentially with special assigments and part of admissions are just entry-exams . 
  though they are trying to have more weight on these exams . 
  really depends on the school . 
  i remember that we had average pulpit about half the size , plus a chair for snacks . 
  then again in university we do exams in auditoriums some of which have really tiny spaces . 
  funny thing is that people wear same hat , unless upgraded for example for engineering students to one which is mostly same but with tassel , in walpurgis night celebrations for rest of their lives . 
  which is spring celebration for both academics and working class . 
  spoke as in cartwheel . 
  it 's a joke , puola is also spoke in finnish . 
  so more correct translation would be spoke trees . 
  which makes lot more sense . 
  anyway mayo is for fries and belongs in the burger too . 
  1 subject per day expect for `` short '' languages that is the lowest level , usually third/etc . 
  some subjects are split over multiple days . 
  in total i think there is minimum of 4 subjects , mother language being mandatory ( finnish , swedish or sami ) , with pick from second language ( swedish/finnish ) , math , foreign language and general-subject ( physics , chemistry , biology , history , physchology , religion , health-education , civics , geography ) . 
  from which one of languages or math must long meaning the broadest level . 
  writing more than these is possible , but you can only do certain combinations of general-subjects during one season . 
  usual number is probably 5 or 6 , though i have n't checked statistics . 
  anything imported is like similar cultivar as those are ones that survive shipping or can be artificially ripened . 
  and mostly everything is imported during long part of the year ... then again our strawberries are amazing . 
  why do n't countries just take a loan , place it in on some safe account and just use the negative interest amount ? 
  like they did anything against russian in last war ... 
  5 ) i think scaling via elected mps is worse system . 
  it locks in the power , purely going by votes allows smaller parties to collect power in one election and then work with that income towards next cycle . 
  basically in the end in many countries the unemploymet benefits and various other supports already account nearly to that amount . 
  so same money is already paid for . 
  for rest it 's just tax-hike with bit of net or bit of loss . 
  i question if there is enough work for everyone or work that someone is ready to pay for . 
  as there is n't enough paid work and we ca n't really left those people to starve . 
  basic income should be at level where extra income for any work increases standards of living beyond basics . 
  that would be incentive to work . 
  now for undesirable work , the costs could increase , but that is free market . 
  if existing welfare matches the levels , it should n't . 
  also it opens up people who do n't need to live in certain areas to relocate to places with lower costs of housing thus freeing more money up for them . 
  limit it to citizens and permanent residents . 
  for either require sufficiently long period of self-sustained living . 
  the flag inside ring is inverted . 
  and then actual map has wrong map to boot ... 
  okay , i give we can grand asylum to anyone with phd in stem ... 
  does n't seem that number of those would be too high . 
  soo why not take those people instead ? 
  only problem is that it wo n't apply to french by current plan ... 
  vee could work as well . 
  i do n't really see point in having two vs, 
  i still want to keep my \u00d6 and \u00c4 , we could get rid of w as it 's waste . 
  but still leaves other one . 
  so you are fine without uncapitalised 1234567890 ? 
  so basically they did what qwerty did but just for french ... never considered that . 
  true it 's not like you can stop anything on internet . 
  advertising hard-alcohol is banned , as thus websites are counted as advertising . 
  so for anti-drug policy it made sense . 
  basically isps get sent list , block these sites . 
  isps comply as it 's road of least resistance . 
  if something wrong ends on list , too bad , we are doing good things and it will be fixed in days/weeks/months so no damage done ... / s, 
  47 sounds rather extreme while here it 's 27 . 
  but same stuff does happen ... 
  interestingly only alankomaat ( netherlands ) , swazimaa ( swaziland ) and thaimaa ( thailand ) has the `` maa '' in their name from countries we recognise . 
  it 's just something we do n't really have need for , names are modified so that they are easy to conjugate . 
  one reason might be that people from there are denoted by - nen and as thus adding `` maa '' to separate people from country is n't needed and on other hand for language in current spelling small letter is used and for country capital letter . 
  so context is easy to derive . 
  i do n't think you really need to speak language very well in jobs like construction either , where you could work under sub-contractor that can communicate . 
  too foreign languages is already lot of work if you are n't focusing on studying them specifically . 
  so more there are non-english languages prioritised less english is learned . 
  finnish joke : stranger talks to you on bus : 1 . 
  they are drunk 2 . 
  they are crazy 3 . 
  they are foreigner 4 . 
  all above,
