  in the end the system really does n't hunt down this type of activity . 
  the once going to jail are usually the ones that are most convicted about being against service . 
  so they are doing it for ideological reasons even if there is many alternatives ... 
  depends on how many volunteers there is . 
  unless you absolutely every time say `` no '' to any potential such role they can appoint you in one . 
  so it 's very much not volunteer . 
  those roles are rare and only for those who accept service , but not weapons . 
  i do n't think there was any in my unit when i served . 
  civil-service is the usual route . 
  after going through it i support it only in sense that i suffered and so should everyone else . 
  from my viewpoint it was extremely useless waste of time for nearly everyone involved ... 
  are n't those sirens only tested first monday of month ? 
  or have i continuously missed them ... 
  no the church bells is most horrid and useless noise around . 
  they have such long pauses that each time you have just hoped it ended there is still more to come . 
  and then they use them in hateful times like at 9 sunday morning when i 'm trying to sleep ... 
  it 's really something that should be entirely banned in civilized world . 
  even better , anything can be taken as insult then ... 
  you just should not have been uncultured people and accepted the truly superior language instead of forcing us to use the abomination that passes as language for you ... we are still forced to suffer that ... 
  probably started as tracking incoming funds , moved to possible laundering and then found out as scam . 
  if i was doing map by hand without aerial photography i would go with that too . 
  and really at speed in seas general locations of larger islands and ports was more enough and the sailors likely knew the surroundings to sufficient extent ... 
  would nuclear be cheaper is the real question . 
  why choose something objectively worse ? 
  very misleading as national chains are n't taken into account . 
  seems like quite low-effort to pick up 5 american-chains and just look at them . 
  does ryynimakkara qualify ? 
  simple just get rid of scotland ? 
  that means we are in trouble in future ? 
  the most extreme minority , just think most crazy/extreme republican voters/candidates on below state level for you ... 
  so it 's not a real stance of anyone who stands a chance to get elected . 
  then again party tends to gather those who dislike certain groups ... 
  sadly ttip is n't in place yet , otherwise they could sue them for damages ... / s, 
  not with modern websites ... with average web page being 2mb one would load in little over 1 minute ... then again mobile optimised pages should be lot better ... 
  the web just have gotten heavy in general ... 
  i think limiting number of taxis is reasonable , if there is set requirements at same time , like having certain number of cars around at low demand . 
  but the fact that you can sell those and unused licensed are n't reclaimed and awarded to next in line for nominal processing fee is part i 'm incredulous about ... 
  then a question is do we need that sort of capabilities for defensive war ? 
  essentially war would be on same landmass . 
  unless we want to invade some other country ... 
  i wonder why did so many come up with this insane idea of transferable licences ... 
  and who says that unregulating a market is always a good thing ... 
  so how much one of these will cost ? 
  i feel we are in same boat . 
  our `` national '' dish is essentially pieces of meat in water with salt and pepper , some other spices and vegetables too if we are lucky ... 
   finland : santa claus we take that ... 
  just slap the confederate flag in ... no real difference anyway , am i right ? 
  but usa is full of illegal mexican immigrants , just imagine if they came here / s. 
  not that i have anything against those hard working americans living south of usa border ... 
  same as with patriotism . 
  which is even worse . 
  nationalism can be a very good thing for smallish nations . 
  having something to strife somewhat common culture in area makes lot stronger bonds and stability than just manufactured patriotism which seems to lead to bad things like brainwashing of young and use of military power . 
  i would say that in europe nationalism is force of good in way many more cases than not . 
  i would also guess that popular vote instead of panels of experts might be other reason ... 
  also depending on grading people will be failed by design . 
  in finland the matriculation exams are graded so that 5 % will fail . 
  and considering the population that does the exam , we likely end up with 10 % of population here . 
  does anyone know if there is shows netflix does have rights , but does n't care enough to subtitle to market and thus does n't show ? 
  i could reasonably pay for non-subtitled content if there was good amount of it ... 
  apart from the too few registers ... 
  but i suppose that is given ... 
  i disagree with tomato paste even . 
  it 's just too strong to work well ... 
  usable in pinch , but puree is how it should be done . 
  tuna is okay for this type of job . 
  the ketchup , just has wrong acidity and sugar content ... 
  there is really nothing wrong with tuna on pizza . 
  atleast if it 's not the true italian style . 
  berlusconi said bad things about our food . 
  they name it after him . 
  and that pizza won some award in new york . 
  where exactly ? 
  as i have never heard that word used ... 
  pretty much this . 
  though i can see in someways problematic communities raising in places like sweden and france , but in large scale , not that big trouble . 
  washington dc residents would work ... 
  probably some sociopaths , and only about themselves ... 
  he succeeded in leaving legacy , just not the kind he wanted ... 
  now use naked concrete instead , and you got the spending that there should be ... 
  i think there needs to be more separation between top-level comments and child-comment above them . 
  now they in some cases blend in too much ... 
  is n't theology already a thing ? 
  what if there were men who feared sexual assaults by women ? 
  why are n't they protected in similar way . 
  we should demand equal protection to them . 
  after all we should aim to be egalitarian society , anything less is pure misandry . 
  nah , just 20 years . 
  but those new concrete bunkers do n't burn ... 
  what about actual citizens who part take in these sort of attacks ? 
  lock them up for rest of their lives ? 
  rest of it is pretty vile though ... then again those icelanders are crazy ... 
  i would n't touch shark though ... 
  the book makes it pretty obvious ... 
  depends on the day ... on 27th it might not be ... 
  a few decades after war on terror ends . 
  this could be the result of asymmetric warfare . 
  then we need to space out the line at gun point . 
  a ten to twenty meters between each entrant should work . 
  little sacrifices for security ...
