  but uk certainly does n't deserve it . 
  how i see it : eu 's main job is to get best possible deal against established players outside it . 
  we should n't make concessions to any major player in trade , but extract best possible deal for us . 
  same way we try to do with china , usa and russian and so on . 
  developing countries can be supported , but uk is n't such . 
  i do n't think spain would appreciate further land grabs ... 
  nordic passport union is an other thing too there ... 
  it technically only applies to citizens , but you do n't need to carry identification so go figure ... 
  can we trade aland for something ? 
  you think those playing now are ? 
  it sounds like candy bar or some chocolate milk powder ... 
  the finns party was the critical populist one , but now they are in cabinet and do n't seem too effective in that agenda ... we do n't even have any active ( officially registered ) far-right party anymore . 
  there is no one left to vote for ... at least people who have realistic chance to get to parliament ... 
  we are from our nations first , then distant seconds from europe . 
  that does n't mean we do n't on some level identify as europeans , but that being european is n't our primary identification . 
  i think there is very good chance of arbitrage opportunities to exist . 
  that is betting on both sides in certain ways is net positive ... 
  generally each time a weapon goes missing rather significant effort is spend to find it , after all labour is free . 
  so if one wanted automatic rifle smuggling or blackmarket would be much better option . 
  then again , they do everything ... 
  i think we should just give up and allow all the doping , after all it 's competition about how far human race can be taken ... 
  if increased efficiency was bad we would all still be subsistence farmers ... 
  yup , murder is normal . 
  we just notice when it hits close home ... 
  not for us , they even declared a war ... 
  realistically we might be in the end-game of our current economy ... 
  the negative interest rates and more aggressive methods to solve the issues . 
  i wonder if we are already past the point of sustainability ... 
  the university rankings really do n't tell too much about quality of education they provide . 
  it 's all the other things they do that is measured . 
  and i thought we are the expensive one . 
  then again i wonder if norway out-does us all ... 
  and that is really the helsinki-region . 
  other `` cities '' have their prices , but considering location those are n't too bad . 
  then again compared to price in country they too are stupid ... 
  at that point i propose death penalty to everyone involved . 
  seems fair ? 
  just holding your arm out works . 
  so that is n't too bad . 
  only case i support stripping citizenship is high treason . 
  wait i thought envelopes were specified in c-sizes ? 
  has tradition ever been a good reason ? 
  in finland i do n't think you need to even have a valid one . 
  not having one makes life a pain through . 
  as you ca n't get one easily without it and all banks require you to show one . 
  which means cheap banking services ... 
  it 's also really a question of time-frame . 
  cut corners and lay off people now for profit increase for a few quarters and potential losses in the future . 
  most issues come from short-terms gains taken over long term investment . 
  some public companies do n't even look 5 or 10 years in the future . 
  i still think that if big titles aimed at whole or female demographics were that big of money maker they would already be made . 
  or then there has been massive marketing and imago issue ... 
  not being able to kill women in games is also misogyny ... and so is there being no women ... you just ca n't win ... 
  inherit inertia in bureaucracy is big issue . 
  essentially in finland if you take a short job and earn more than 300 $ in a month you need to reapply for benefits which can take up to 19 days . 
  but hey at the least it 's easy to write , unlike some ... 
  what is exactly wrong with poliandry/poligamy ? 
  apart from no sufficient legal-framework existing . 
  solar and wind are also limited lifespan ... 
  it 's scary that quality of any tires is n't watched at all apart from depth of surface . 
  my mother 's car used to have really old ( like 10 years , nearly only used in city with light car ) , winter tires that had the surface , but were so dried out that the grip was n't there anymore . 
  fully legal ... and you could have pulled the studs and used them in summer too ... 
  what is alternative ban private healthcare providers and medical tourism ? 
  was n't it that one failed hand-held console ? 
  realistically everyone in washington d.c. is criminal atleast at some level , might not be in eye of law , but still ... 
  i want them banned ... 
  allow private providers to sell their services . 
  if people want and can pay , they can buy their services from private providers . 
  usually this means in cases of non-immediate needs faster service times . 
  so you have money and want service now you go to private , you want it cheaper you wait until it 's your turn . 
  then there is kotipizza , which is big chain , but disliked by some ... 
  i think these people are so in the bubble that they just do n't understand how for most people it 's their own country first and europe second . 
  europe is collection of * nations * ( in sense of country having largely shared culture/language/ethnicity etc. ) . 
  there is no overreaching european - * nationality * . 
  i do n't see us getting there for a while and trying to force that just hurts the chances ... 
  outside technical difficulties i see that scaling of hyperloop is often forgotten . 
  from what i have understood it just does n't have much capacity , which makes it waste to me ... 
  christianity is certainly worse including people like paul ... 
  why ? 
  do n't they already have access to them ? 
  did n't at least british have such camps after the ww2 ? 
  too bad as they really are n't connected to reality ... 
  they have followed the best european traditions for long time . 
  much longer than much of the rest of europe ... 
  or that we just do n't like exploitation ... 
  i wonder what roads are they using ? 
  then again that no police thing does make the travel lot faster as you can do two hundred through downtown ... 
  so what 's the issue with protecting them until we are there ? 
  exactly , uber is just a dispatch service . 
  and should be treated as one . 
  the operators under it should follow same reulations as other using other dispatch services . 
  if we just did n't have basic needs ... 
  sweden , a country with deregulated taxis ... 
  so maybe regulation is a good thing ? 
  would n't at this point it to be reasonable for eu to start negotiations a fresh . 
  so anything already done is thrown off and new lines of reasoning and demands can be introduced ... 
  at least they helped to protect our freedom ... 
  unlike some ... 
  not genocide , but i think we are pretty well equipped to stop people crossing our borders ... 
  not even tarrifs .
