it 's the same here , though !, 
  i do n't speak croissant , boyo . 
  have to disagree , fella . 
  i think having a huge vocabulary is one of english 's greatest strength . 
  it gives it a lot of nuance but i think this is good . 
  take the word ask and the word demand , for example . 
  ask goes back to proto-germanic and demand is a french import . 
  they both do similar things . 
  why not get rid of one ? 
  well imagine two scenarios . 
  in one i ask to see you . 
  in another i demand to see you . 
  just from that you know the situations are quite different . 
  ask is quite neutral . 
  whereas demand has some oomph behind it . 
  it 's urgent . 
  there are countless examples of this . 
  fucking come on then , mate . 
  you even put / s. 
  you ca n't win . 
  you do n't have to be a nazi to acknowledge that . 
  suit yourself i think the empire was cool as shit . 
  to be honest i could make out most of those placenames . 
  there was nothing russian about kant . 
  it 's not like there 's a lack of famous russians to choose from . 
  how can they demolish that piece of history . 
  shameful . 
  for me imperial is better at the human score . 
  an inch is about the length of the end of my thumb . 
  a foot is my foot . 
  a mile is about as far as i could run at pace without getting knackered . 
  a yard is a stride . 
  i get the benefits of metric with regards to making things like engineering easier . 
  although when you get into specialist fields folk start using specialist units . 
  light years for example . 
  i am still bitter about this . 
  us wanted us to stay in . 
  also i 'm sure they 'd like it of eu was focused more on defence . 
  then they would n't have to subsidise their defence as much . 
  the eternal anglo . 
  one of the least clannish and ethnocentric places in the world yet is racist to the core ? 
  if we 're racist then there is n't a place in the world that is n't racist . 
  for me , southern europe is better on the whole . 
  but breakfast is on our game . 
  when you stay at a hotel you get the choice between a full english or a continental breakfast . 
  we 're talking the difference between egg , beans , toast , bacon , sausage , black pudding , fried mushrooms or a croissant and some grapefruit . 
  i was only joking . 
  you have nice sausages and i have n't tried enough of them . 
  they 're just very different from a traditional english sausage . 
  so german ones confused me when i was young . 
  we often call them hotdog sausages to differentiate between the two . 
  yeah most people just eat cereal or toast . 
  people that burn lots of calories like builders have them quite often . 
  but they actually use all the energy . 
  it 's more of a treat for the weekend . 
  black puddding is one of the most underrated foods . 
  i love it so much . 
  i have n't had enough traditonal german foods . 
  i 've had currywurst which i suppose is n't so traditional but is nice . 
  most northern european food is fairly similar meat and potatoes stuff . 
  us brits just seem to get the most stick for it . 
  also , with regards to full english the only people that eat it often are builders and other workers . 
  they burn so many calories it 's needed . 
  but for a normal person just the weekend is good . 
  i wonder if it 's related to the english word larder ; which is where you store food . 
  that 's how ale is supposed to be , my friend . 
  i do n't know to be honest but its interesting . 
  we mainly drink foreign lager . 
  we 're better at cider and ale . 
  anglo pride worldwide !, 
  based yank . 
  your sausages are n't even real sausages . 
  they look really nice on the outside but they 're not meaty in the middle . 
  nowhere in the world bar the uk have i had a proper meaty sausage . 
  bread is superior to sausage , bacon , fried eggs , beans , black pudding , fried mushrooms and tomatoes ? 
  you 're not even trying , hans !, 
  they are better at lager but i think we may be better at ale . 
  fair enough . 
  and i have n't got a clue !, 
  we may have shit food on the whole . 
  but our breakfast is up there with the best of them . 
  never actually eaten a nandos so i ca n't comment !, 
  you what , mate ? 
  we have loads of beer in the uk . 
  we have shit food . 
  i 'll accept shit from the french or italians but come on , fritz . 
  i do n't think they will outbreed swedes but i think it is a bad thing that their percentage grows . 
  honestly ca n't tell if this is satire or not . 
  why join the euro ? 
  that was very good ? 
  if you try and create a united states of europe the same thing will happen that is happening to the us now . 
  i think you need to tread the line between empire-building and federalisation . 
  moving away from globalism , yes . 
  uniting militarily , i can see how that makes sense . 
  europeans are a minority and we will need to protect our borders from being flooded by africans and middle-easterners . 
  but this anthem and flag stuff , i think it only appeals to folk who are sold on the project and puts the average person off . 
  i do n't see the need to build a nation . 
  a bunch of small nations who federate out of mutual interest but who still have the freedom to experiment and do their own thing . 
  i think that 's the way . 
  problem is i think the stuff like an anthem and and national common culture only appeals to folk who are already sold on federalism .
