sorry for the long reply !, 
  no no thanks for the long replay !, 
  what did surprise you when you settled in the uk ? 
  did n't know about this and quickly looking at news.google there does n't seem to be any reporting on it . 
  fuck that !, 
  i hate these / s , there are no babywheels in real life . 
   please do n't shut us down or clip our wings for all the nsa cooperation and surveillance they do n't have to fear anything , nobody is doing anything . 
  it 's a real disaster . 
  the bnd showed itself incompetent in a number of cases and their close working relations with the us services made me conclude long ago that they are merely an extention of said services . 
  without showing all evidence , i would n't care what they have to say . 
  schulz is the worst . 
  but it 's not like we can do anything about it now . 
  sonneborn is the best . 
  keep these posts comming :d !, 
  just like germany then . 
  i had to look up israels polulation to put it into context . 
  i have no idea . 
  i think it would help if we would push back our own data grabbing and focus on protecting what needs to be protected , not simulating it . 
  the government wants good press , they are not looking for a constructive political solution . 
  i doubt they did offer that but even if they did , germany ca n't sell this as a win . 
  it would look like an even bigger defeat . 
  not that the us is know for it 's trustful behavior . 
  i do n't think you know how much that is . 
  we had 43.702.474 votes and 6.855.044 were lost that 's 15,69 % of votes . 
  i could say something against all his points . 
  i feel like he was just looking for a support of his idea that we do well because of some design points . 
  he just picks some and tells us thats why things are how they are . 
  and of course he did n't even bother talking about the downsides . 
  like how we lost 6 million votes in the last election because of the 5 % law . 
  that 's 8 % of our population ... 
  constructive no-confidence vote is awesome though . 
  i wanted to criticize the article , but i rather not play into the stereotype . 
  are we punishing politicians yet ? 
   eritreans comprised 27 % of norway 's asylum applicants last year . 
  eurofighter have something like that . 
  if they do n't get secret keys they will not work fully . 
  [ could n't get a non german source . 
  even for nato allies american security technology is only supplied as a sealed package ( this `` black box '' principle played a role in the regulatory problems of the euro hawk ) . 
  the maintenance is perceived by americans . 
  it 's widely reported on as a negative factor . 
  i do n't know what other people think about it but i want gb to make that vote and be done with it . 
  regardless of how the vote ends ukip will be gone after that . 
  there is a dispute over ` blog ' . 
  tech people say das but journalists use der . 
  it just comes down to what people use more and often multiple articles are allowed . 
  this is all misinformation . 
  there is a long campaine going on against google simply because german newspapers want google to pay them for indexing not only on news.google . 
  the german wiki names [ `` gl\u00fccklicher zufall '' ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/serendipit%c3%a4t ) and the english one [ `` fortuitous happenstance '' or `` pleasant surprise '' . 
  what would the german word be ? 
  are guns easily obtainable in london ? 
  i thought they enforced strict gun control in gb . 
  looks like you double posted . 
  looks like you double posted . 
  haha no you ca n't . 
  it 's a secret . 
  we do , even subsidiesed . 
  [ the marshall plan was far less important ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vhx740z6txu ), 
  they are mainly economic refugees . 
  i do n't think that it is condemnable for them to seek opportunities in other countries but they have to go through the legal framework . 
  instead we have groups of people that want preferable treatment for a few . 
  i would call that * unfair * . 
  oh look smoke , lots and lots of smoke !, 
  already ahead of you . 
  i would be so happy if they just left . 
  it 's 12 in massachusetts . 
  thanks !, 
  i understand now . 
  if you go through the legal steps you are all right or is it difficult for them es well to prove they are right in there ownership ? 
  whats the deal here ? 
  is there no documentation of ownership of those propertise ? 
  and why are they doing this for all the propertise and not for those that are in doubt ? 
  as a fellow german , i agree with you . 
  i 'm quite bad with pointing out flaws so i thought you could elaborate for our other readers , but oh well . 
  what are the aspects you disagree with and how are they to you ? 
  would you like the idea of europe wide eu elections with europe wide parties ? 
  any favorite youtube channels ? 
  the one with gorbatschow was quite cozy . 
  these are n't unfurnished , they are either secondary appartments or to be rented out for a short period . 
  20 % of the migrants are syrians, 
   shitstorm no , you see all metapost will be deleted and you can only complain in a remote place where people do n't really visit . 
  it would be far more convincing to post a change in opinion via survey and not a 5k far right demonstration . 
  believe i 'm with you , but there is nothing i can do and most ( young ) people in germany see themselves powerless to the political system . 
  they are protecting themselves not schengen . 
  the secret is out . 
  i doubt you will have any issues . 
  i 'm with you , exactly the same problem . 
  yeah the iron curtain is just an easy copout . 
  i say it 's impossible , merkel will go on for another 4 years . 
  equally confused , not sure what we did for iraq . 
  can someon tell me why catalan wants to go independent over the other regions leon . 
  the fees were never that high they were like 600 $ semester . 
  i do n't like sandals and i only have black socks . 
  i was never at oktoberfest and i probably nerver will be . 
  cheers !, 
  you wo n't get any numbers for 2015 yet . 
  the people who come from north africa are mostly men , most women come by land . 
  drunk . 
  the absolute numbers are tiny . 
  to talk about a surge of xenophobia is laughable . 
  i really want then to check for crimes per number of refugees , 40 % more crimes ?
