  well in italy have elections this year i hope they choose with common sense, 
   but he won no battles . 
  it 's just not true https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_alc\u00e2ntara_ ( 1580 ), 
   but it was n't part of spain . 
  iberian union edit : there 're a lot of nacionalists here poor europeans ... :'(, 
  it was first said by philip ii of spain ( 1527-1598 ) in reference to the wide extension of spanish empire : `` en mi imperio nunca se pone el sol '' . 
  ( he empire on which the sun never sets ) and remember that the spanish empire was the first global empire of the history of humanity no nacionalist only the truth edit : but anyway these topics are very annoying for most europeans people especially the people of belgium and netherland xd however for me it 's impressive how a country after 800 years of reconquista created this masive empire, 
  poor iceland stop bullying, 
  i need one : ' 0, 
  murica is best ? 
  for example estreme\u00f1u i have a friend from estremadura and i never heard that, 
  watch this http://www.empleoenlondres.net/coste-vida-uk-vs-espana/ for my it 's a good salary, 
  for us it 's el teide : 3,718 m ( canary islands ) but are in africa : /, 
   spanish people ca n't tell the difference between english , scottish , welsh and irish people all talking english to be fair do you difference between andalusian , murcian etc ? 
   everyone white with blonde hair is `` english nop they 're guris even i 'm blond and many tell me guiri  ca n't speak a single word of english . 
  wtf, 
  lmao good job good time to return to the spanish forums i think, 
  1984 george orwell, 
  no plastic barrier in hamburg ? 
  i prefer the legendary captain sweden : /, 
   spain as other website that 's similiar to reddit but it 's in spanish , for my this is the best there 're many people very professional like good professionals in computing http://www.mediavida.com ( half live in english ), 
  it 's a joker man i do n't have any problem with the british for my they 're good people, 
  uff the spanish province almeria is a british colony - . - but anyway all european are welcome edit : watch this news and compare spain with france one in three britons living in europe live in spain lmao they took our jamon iberico !!!!!, 
  - . - xd https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jan/27/fewer-britons-in-rest-of-europe-than-previously-thought-ons-research, 
   why be on reddit when you have great weather in my case to pratique my writing and learn new words, 
   i was hoping you would reply with a spanish war song , and great spanish deed :( i 'm from andalusia we are funny and friendly we all know the spanish empire was a great empire why fight with you for that stupid song ? 
  for me the netherlands are another irrelevant nations of europa like belgium xd, 
  netherlands was a spanish province too xd jajajaja, 
  i think that there 're very few spaniards in general on reddit edit : we could say the same in the spanish forums of the british etc, 
  very curious the case of spain i think it 's for the language because for example the polish only speaks in poland but the case of spanish is totally different, 
  thanks can we start with the memes from sweden ? 
  lol this is true or fake ? 
  they bring the dissolution of europe is different : / edit : mmm how do you explain the rise of the far right in europe ? 
   spain is lava yesterday i saw the typical british crab in the beach ca\u00f1os de meca ( south of spain ) jajajaj, 
  this is spain no murica - . - xd, 
  for me the swedish police are a joker, 
   plus your beer gets cold from the supermarket to home . 
   alright man , deal . 
  shhhh too cold for a spanish can survive xd, 
  do you prefer the swedish police ? 
  cheap and effective, 
   repels heat exactly jajaja xd i believe in all the mediterranean countries xd, 
   germans trying to be funny wtf xd, 
  in spain we have many towns like this one because they use lime to build, 
   it 's hard anyway , and the right-wing propaganda are you swedish ? 
  no tax, 
  i think because half italy was from the kingdom of aragon and then from the spanish empire but i 'm not sure if it was influenced by that, 
   the spanish in miami is a lot different from that in boston or texas . 
  because in miami the main immigration is of cubans whereas in texas are of mexicans we have many different accents in the spanish language for example in argetina they speak spanish with italian accent and they have some italian words because they 're italian descendants have a funny accent xd, 
   spanish and portuguese numbers are several times larger thanks to non-european countries even in usa there 're more spanish speakers than in spain xd by the mexican invaders hahaha they learned of dad xd, 
  the best heritage of rome the language, 
  i think that in italy will win the extreme right, 
   this appears to be saying that 57 % of spain 's gas comes from algeria , followed by nigeria at 14 % , then via france at 10 % ; for the lazy and spanish-inept . 
  of course better to depend on russia, 
   nice username it 's in part by the name of the street near where i live call calle de las camelias and benito because it 's a funny name . - . 
  xd mi username is original like you username . - . 
   get our gas mainly from russia . 
  no spain you are portuguese i think you will understand this source https://dirigentesdigital.com/articulo/economia-y-empresas/49324/argelia-suministra-gas-natural-espana.html, 
   the eu needs to stop being dependent on russian gas . 
  only eastern europe i think, 
   and i want free pizza . 
  free jam\u00f3n ib\u00e9rico for me pls, 
  this city changed a lot of now there 're large shopping centers like luz shopping , area sur etc there 's an artificial lake , racing circuit and much more, 
  the neighboring city jerez de la frontera has a lot of hatred to cadiz because jerez is most bigger and most important than cadiz we have a great regional problem i think : /, 
   why do you think this ? 
  columbus also and all spanish conquistador ? 
   i can think of is `` soul twin '' ( alma gemela ) maybe `` media narana '' too ? 
  in madrid rule podemos ( extreme-left ), 
  mmm maybe this country is a joker, 
  what is your opinion about that ? 
  well , we have common culture aspects with the rest of europeans , i do n't really think that we 're closer to the asians or africans ... 
  of course , as europeans, 
  nop too far, 
  no racist , but i really think that preserve local people is not bad, 
  against the muslim i think, 
  mmm the tortilla with onion, 
  do you really think we need it ? 
  too easy for monaco : v, 
  poff best , the most beautiful city of each european country, 
  argentina, 
  why do you think there 're few spaniards xd ? 
   or even berlin or paris in my opinion the problem of this is that the rest of european can think of the 4 reich etc : /, 
  lol so the mexican reconquista was true : / xd, 
  spain spanish : cabr\u00f3n latin american spanish : pinche wey : v, 
  no problem man . 
  i can understand that latino immigration in us , is the same as the muslim here , many problems i think : /, 
   no offense , but the neighborhoods that are spanish speaking as a whole are less than ideal why offense ? 
  i 'm spanish no `` latino '' - . - xd, 
  best us there 're more spanish speakers than spain xd, 
  thank for the explication xd i have spoken with many argentines and they are very proud of having italian and spanish ancestors mmm our daughter : /, 
  also they go to spain i know some and are good people : /, 
  they do n't work only sell drugs and steal, 
  italian because mamma mia : v, 
  i think that we are very proud in general of our `` conquistadores '' and discoverers . 
  like hernan cortes , gran capitan , albar nu\u00f1ez cabeza de vaca etc in every city they have a monument in their honor or street with their name , for example in my city our local `` conquistador '' and discoverer alvar nu\u00f1ez cabeza de vaca `` conquistador '' of `` la florida '' has a fountain and some street with its name , with hernan cortes etc have some street with its name in my city . 
  we have our cnn made in spain i believe that all countries have 1 : c, 
  yeah , the bread is the same as a rock : /, 
  also `` florida '' , `` nevada '' , `` montana '' and my favorite `` las vegas '' xddd, 
  well in latam they have many cities like merida but the most curious is matamoros in english kill moors many cities have this name in latam history : santigo matamoros i think fun fact : many spaniards have this surname, 
  why not ?
