you do n't get a healthy discussion in an echo chamber , and anybody wanting to discuss this topic rationally and bounce counter-arguments off those opposed to immigration now just gets shouted down with angry words and downvoted . 
  it 's the internet equivalent of raising your voice above everyone elses . 
  all this results in is people with leftist leanings being reluctant to post . 
  you may think this is great but it will significantly shift the demographic of the subreddit over time , and reducing this diversity in thought is not for the better . 
  left-leaning people building our own sub to discuss europe makes zero sense when there is potential for a healthy balance and good debate here . 
  apologies , i thought you were the other poster . 
  i have changed the wording of my comment to suit . 
  i am suggesting that the actions of the majority of migrants are n't deliberately nefarious or antagonistic whereas he is arguing the opposite . 
  as i said , in 12 months when the press storm blows over somewhat we will see what the majority of migrants are left doing and i 'm doubtful it will be perpetual benefit leeching . 
  not going to continue this debate considering your last point . 
  when you exit your teens maybe reflect on how to debate like an adult . 
  integration does n't happen in 12 months . 
  re-read my post and understand what i 'm actually arguing before you respond . 
  refugees seeking/in employment = / = integration in 12 months . 
  but it 's very succinctly different from the benefit leeching horde proclaimed as gospel . 
  talk to me about what refugees `` want '' 12 months down the line when some have settled . 
  i can guarantee you the vast majority are seeking employment when the dust has settled . 
  provide me evidence of anything more than circumstance suggesting that these people * do n't * want to integrate ? 
  and fyi , you can get your point across without resorting to swearing every other sentence . 
  that system has now been proven not to work . 
  for many this was greece and as we 've seen ( especially over the past few days ) they do n't have the capacity to deal with the volume of migrants coming in . 
  it 's all very well suggesting we offload the problem onto greece but it is n't fair to greece and it does n't work in practice . 
  they are human beings . 
  the vast majority did n't leave their home out of choice , they did it out of necessity . 
  realise that this problem is n't going to go away when ** 2 million ** are already estimated to reside in turkey . 
  you think any of these countries - lebanon [ where 1 in 4 of the population is a refugee ] , turkey , jordan - can cope , or provide the families with realistic prospects for the future ? 
  with anything more than a basic meal with resources already stretched to capacity ? 
  you turn up to these places as a migrant and get treated as part of a herd of cattle by necessity . 
  wanting something more for your life and family by heading into europe is n't a reprehensible trait . 
  are you serious ? 
  many of these refugees have families they want to provide for and their kids need education . 
  a lot of them had nice lives in syria , many had access to education for their children and had proper food on the table each night . 
  now because of war all that was taken away and they have to contemplate rotting in a camp and their children losing 3 + years of education with no money to provide them a good life . 
  every migrant in that situation is going to want money - if you watch the news many of them want jobs . 
  there is no employment opportunity in turkey , so they look further into europe . 
  any possibilities for refugees seeking employment in turkey were taken when the population ballooned by over twice that germany is proposing to take in . 
  put yourself in that situation and tell me you would n't want what is best for your family . 
  even if you travel alone chances are you want to be able to get a stable income and send money home for those left behind . 
  why people chastise them for it is beyond me . 
  criticise german foreign policy with justification but do n't act like this guy was even alive during ww2 , let alone had anything to do with it . 
  holy fuck when are people going to stop dredging up ww2 just because the guy making the argument is german ? 
  it 's just a pathetically low blow . 
  when your stance is so ignorant it 's easy to sympathise with his retaliation . 
  the people who spout that crap in the uk are about as informed regarding ww2 as those who portray britain as betraying france at dunkirk . 
  that is , not very . 
  i prefer apples to oranges but i do n't have distaste for either . 
  that does n't mean that scottish people do n't like being called british . 
  it would have been devastating both in terms of manpower and morale and utterly pointless . 
  the dunkirk spirit which came after the evacuation certainly kept the british public 's minds focused on eventual victory and liberation of france . 
  then again the amount of anti-british sentiment in his post probably tells you all you need to know about his position on the matter . 
  imo our attitude to france varies based on two schools of thought : one which focuses on our historical grievances and wars and another which recognises what we have in common : namely a huge shared history , intermittent collaboration [ and indeed a long term alliance for well over a century ] , far-reaching ex-colonial responsibilities , similar gdps and the natural cooperation which comes between two countries of such close proximity . 
  i think the former can be more vocal , but also could be conflated with britain 's method of showing friendship : poking fun . 
  there are definitely people who genuinely dislike france but i certainly would n't consider them the anywhere near a majority . 
  do n't the french refer to us as `` le rost beef '' and such ? 
  i figured both sides had quite a tongue in cheek attitude to it . 
  a lot of british media likes to play it up as an excuse not to be pally with the continent though ; that might explain it . 
  london is incredibly picky about its skyline - a huge number of vistas are protected from construction - [ list here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protected_view ) . 
  the ubiquity of st. pauls is a good example . 
  as i argued before the mish-mash of old and new is n't for everyone but most londoners would agree it works - i do n't think it looks tacky at all nor do i see it as a construct of a `` fevered mind '' . 
  different strokes for different folks i guess , but i know very few natives in my area who would whole-heartedly agree with you . 
  the chop-and-change skyline is the part i love . 
  as i said it 's divisive , but for many people [ myself included ] there 's something special about it . 
  old and new intermingled - few other places do it so brazenly and it gives it a unique feel . 
  i think london architecture is something you either love or hate . 
  as someone from the south east i just love [ vistas like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/natkgc8.jpg ) and you really wo n't find anything like it anywhere else . 
  it 's unique and embodies the atmosphere of london . 
  but i can understand how to some it looks messy . 
  i didnt say that everyone in europe hates the uk . 
  i said a very vocal contingent on this subreddit hates the uk . 
  / r/europe - where generalising personality traits to entire countries of people gets upvoted . 
  you 're totally right ; every british person was responsible for that . 
  piss off with your racist bullshit . 
  please provide me with your factual evidence that the uk is a vassal state of the us and i will countrt every one with examples of other european countries bowing to.pressure from germany , france , russia and the us . 
  what ridiculous hyperbole . 
  by your own analogy that would make the vast majority of eu countries a `` semi vassal state '' of either france or germany , no ? 
  or maybe we could do away with this ridiculous analogy altogether because it makes no sense at all ? 
  do n't get in the way of their narrative mate , we 're a xenophobic disaster and puppet state of russia and china now regardless of the facts . 
  this is insane . 
  people here are n't even trying to hide the fact they hate the uk now . 
  i could forgive the vitriol it in the aftermath of the vote - even in the uk it was a shock to a lot of us - but it 's getting pathetic and straight up discriminatory now . 
  its been months and every bit of news good or bad about the uk gets these comments or is downvoted and ignored . 
  people intent on beating the shit out of someone on ethnic grounds are not going to follow some stereotyped code of conduct are they ? 
  this is how scum like this behave in any country . 
  there is a general consensus that however bad a full exit from the eu ( including eea ) would be for the british economy , it pales in comparison to the effect an exit from the uk would have on scotland . 
  especially considering as it stands there isnt enough support in scotland currently to risk a vote ; so sturgeon will likely have to wait for may to invoke article 50 to hold the vote . 
  i can not see a means by which scotland leaves the uk prior to the uk exiting the eu ; which would put scotland in the same position as the rest of the uk but without nearly as large an economy to cope and low oil revenue . 
  this would likely require reapplication to join the eu but with a far larger deficit than permitted under eu rules ; which would likely mean harsh austerity measures . 
  they also lose the rest of the uk as a tariff free trade partner which currently accounts for 65 % of their trade . 
  it 's the seat of government , has good transport links and as you said has some of if not the largest numbers of remain voters in the country . 
  you are guaranteed to get higher turnout and more media coverage by protesting in london . 
  the reasons for ireland gaining independence are entirely different to those for which scotland would . 
  equally the manner by which independence would be achieved is * vastly * different . 
  ireland left the union through an independence war , do you expect scotland to do the same ? 
  if not , what is similar about the two countries in this regard exactly ? 
  if scotland leaves it will be by democratic vote , strategically timed by sturgeon to fall when the most support for leave is expected . 
  british control of ireland came of military conquest and forced subjugation . 
  comparing scotland 's situation to ireland 's is ridiculous . 
  there is still a sizeable korean population in new maiden . 
  korean immigration to the uk makes some sense ; english is emphasised heavily in the korean education system and the uk is one of a handful of native speaking countries whose citizens are eligible for an e2 teaching visa in korea - alongside australia , canada , new zealand , south africa , ireland , and the usa . 
  the two countries are longstanding allies and there are also historical links calling back to the korean war - british contributions to the battle of imjin river are still recognised in both countries and the hill south of the river the 1st battalion glos .
