  literally dozens !, 
  but then where do the czechs go ? 
  poland ? 
  nah , march of the eagles . 
  we can get the cane out of the cupboard and give boney a damn good thrashing . 
  they only have that power on the understanding that they never actually use it . 
  if they did get any funny ideas , parliament would strip them of any remaining powers in a heartbeat . 
  speaking of which , how are you supposed to pronounce the name of the city formerly known as stettin ? 
  well , i 'm sold . 
  north sea and baltic sea, 
  steady on old boy . 
  we may be perfidious , but we 're not prussians . 
  about a thousand miles and two seas behind you . 
  but we 'll be with you in spirit !, 
  russia can not into europe, 
  i 'd wager pretty much everyone of european descent is related to him . 
  i know that 's the case for charlemagne at least . 
  clearly , the only way we can know for sure is to have a best brest competition . 
  ladies ... 
  bloody foreigners , coming over here and stealing our jokes ... 
  [ second angevin empire ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/angevin_empire ), 
  in all seriousness , the fire honestly could n't make it much worse . 
  might even kill a few of the cockroaches . 
  i did the same thing in my english essays ( why use one word when ten will do ? ), 
  but this , this is the work of a master . 
  it does not reflect well on us if our greatest rivals are cowards . 
  the french are * not * surrender monkeys . 
  they 're still the fucking frogs though . 
  would we ever make jokes about tha ... oh . 
  take mrs brown 's boys and jedward off the air permanently and we 'll stay on our side of the irish sea - deal ? 
  welp , found the ruhr . 
  also : fuck , the netherlands is crowded . 
  we 're making a new venice !, 
  hah , i speak * two * languages badly !, 
  we 'd really rather you did n't . 
  lithuania stronk !, 
  lithuania can into space !, 
  need a partner-in-crime ? 
  perhaps not , but we sent them a * very * strongly worded letter . 
  to me , it sounds like the bastard love-child of english and german . 
  truly , there can be no nobler enterprise . 
  if it 's any consolation , not all of us think like that , and dislike the ones that do . 
  guess it 's an island mentality :(, 
  we 've realised you do n't need to fight the french to take france , you just move over and buy all the nice houses . 
  you are forget to ration glorious letter `` c '' komrade !, 
  i hope this is the case , because if he actually sincerely believes this twaddle i 'm scared what he might do ... 
  via inheritance , yes . 
  damn habsburgs inheriting everything . 
  `` french '' fries are more a belgian thing i believe . 
  link blocked , this should work https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkv3or5jute, 
  i 'm so , so sorry . 
  i figured it was a similar situation to calling the netherlands `` holland '' or the uk `` england '' . 
  too many paradox games have resulted in me mentally labelling the whole place bohemia . 
  sorry moravians ... and czech silesians ... and any other people i do n't know about who i 've just annoyed ... 
  it 's not all that often one hears that . 
  such injustice, 
  well , if said immigrant is illegal , he wo n't be claiming any benefits , since if the government learn about him , he 'll be deported . 
  if he 's here legally , then he ca n't be paid under minimum wage . 
  and legally or illegally , he 'll pay vat on nearly everything he buys . 
  you ca n't steal a job , because nobody owns a job , they * do * a job . 
  if you are the best person for the role , who gives a toss what your nationality is ? 
  it 's not like france could 've won the great war without british help either . 
  doing some work i 've been putting off for quite a while . 
  joy . 
  i think he means ww1 . 
  at least we always show up on time . 
  pray tell how monaco could possibly grow enough food to feed it 's population on zero farmland . 
  i 'm all ears . 
  rupert murdoch is n't a cunt , he has neither warmth nor depth . 
  * the greater good *, 
  fetch the longbows , lads . 
  this is a `` diplomatic insult '' casus belli if ever i saw one . 
  depends on context , sometimes the term britain is used to deliberately exclude ni . 
  oi , if anyone 's getting their hands on french cooks , it 's us . 
  we need them more than you do , european solidarity and all that . 
  what on earth 's wrong with dirndls ? 
  copious amounts of alcohol . 
  oh , how awful !, 
  that 's the sort of horrid situation that calls for a nice sit down and a cup of tea . 
  [ depends , have you got skulls on your caps ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tokcmnre5oy ), 
  nah , he obviously brutally accidentally stabbed himself with his own shears by accident . 
  give me five minutes . 
  up with this sort of thing !, 
  i 've never heard the word franc used to refer to french people , we either say frenchman or frenchwoman . 
  probably because you have to climb like 5 mountains every day just to get to work . 
  nothing like a them for us to unite against . 
  i 'd defend to the point of mild inconvenience your right to say things , does that count ? 
  this one is offended , yes ? 
  he 's * not * the messiah !, 
  he 's a very naughty boy !, 
  * crusty jugglers *, 
  `` this putin chap seems quite reasonable . '', 
  the one that always trips me up : das gift does * not * mean `` the gift '' . 
  germany , what have you done with austria ? 
  desperate times call for desperate measures . 
  of course they were !, 
  a piece of germany , a piece of norway , a piece of denmark ... 
  islands stronk !,
