middle english , not old english . 
  send us v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd , oil and bacon and the danelaw is yours , lads . 
  you ca n't possibly be worse than those cunts in westminster . 
  well , you 'd have no-one to fart in the general direction of for starters . 
  love you too , you silly buggers , 
  they say you can judge how strong a friendship is by the number of insults the friends give each other . 
  on that basis , i do n't see how relations could be any better . 
  fairly sure that 's a violation of the geneva conventions . 
  well , you could try splitting countries that * are n't * poland for a change . 
  except in victoria 2 , where it gets usurped by the big grey blob ... 
  got to be honest , was expecting an eastern poland joke . 
  give me b\u00f6rk or give me death !, 
  best enemies ever , 
  if you want to win , employ a finn . 
  normandy . 
  norman . 
  vikings . 
  that 's why the flag looks scandinavian , 
  never !, 
  we shall employ our most cunning flag-based stratagems !, 
  i might have mentioned it once or twice , but i * think * i got away with it all right . 
  to conquer galaxy , must first into space . 
  and iirc vladivostok freezes in winter , so the pacific fleet is a bit meh as well . 
  i swear , this debate happens every year and nothing ever happens . 
  quite popular . 
  he 's a regular on most panel shows , and he 's a team captain on would i lie to you . 
  i think my favourite thing with him in it though would be the radio show bleak expectations . 
  the `` great '' is a geographical term to distinguish britain from brittany . 
  so , it 's only great in the sense that it 's bigger than a small part of france , while being quite a bit smaller than all of france . 
  bit rich , coming from the nation that invented m\u00e4mmi . 
  der euro i think . 
  depends on how many there are . 
  alas , but never into space . 
  but they have glorious kazakhstan !, 
  [ damn right !, 
  sure thing !, 
  let 's put the kettle on and have a bit of a chat . 
  in france , that would get you a stay in the mental hospital . 
  the trick is to get military access from whoever owns the faroe islands , then park your fleet and invasion force there . 
  they never see it coming . 
  that 's hungary prior to the treaty of trianon . 
  the treaty left hungary with only a third of it 's territory , and 3.3 million hungarians as minorities in other countries . 
  understandably , they were ( and still are ) quite miffed about this . 
  mention this to an englishman and he would agree with you , then start moaning about how shit england is at sports . 
  elective succession best succession !, 
  hot fuzz , hands down one of my all-time favourites . 
  total casualties were about 7000 . 
  it was a short war . 
  the franco-prussian war was more indicative of ww1 . 
  silly norwegians , oil does n't work as well as bricks of money . 
  we found some bulgarians and romanians to be prejudiced against instead . 
  give it a few years and we 'll find someone else to hate , it 's the circle of racism . 
  i think i play too many paradox games , i see pommerania roughly like [ this ] ( http://mapfrappe.com/?show=22491 ) , with the oder/odra marking the border between the east and west halves . 
  not intentionally , but it is the eastern half of pommerania . 
  i was n't trying to imply anything with my choice of wording . 
  the northern coastal bit is eastern pommerania , and the bit in the middle was once the eastern third of brandenburg . 
  today , it 's called lubusz voivodeship . 
  the reason they are n't highly populated is that they used to be mostly german , and the germans were expelled from those areas after ~ ~ the war ~ ~ the period which must not be mentioned . 
  why could n't you be more like canada ? 
  he was always the better son !, 
  well , quite . 
  pretty much . 
  although it 's called a constitution , we never got around to actually writing one as such . 
  [ hans ... are we the baddies ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tokcmnre5oy ), 
  depends . 
  do you want it back in one piece ? 
  if not , gravity and wind resistance will do most of the work for you . 
  true , but if there 's one thing russia has a lot of , it 's empty space . 
  help !, 
  help , i 'm being oppressed !, 
  goddamnit , this is a tough one . 
  at the moment , i 'd have to go with either [ star of the county down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm7agqk0wii ) or [ tri martolod ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=jtubnzrlbq0#at=171 ) . 
  central asia is n't exactly well suited to agriculture though , and china has a billion mouths to feed . 
  where are they going to get food from ? 
  looks like coventry . 
  we would 've been there sooner , but there were a few germans in the way . 
  no , that was part of lorraine , the mostly-french bit of alsace-lorraine . 
  does mars have a flag ? 
  fine , but the danskj\u00e4vlar get the royal collection of silly hats , 
  * twirls moustache villainously *, 
  ok , but we get heligoland . 
  for ... strategic fish purposes . 
  how about the united kingdom of great britain and ireland and some other places as well ? 
  aww , you guys are no fun at all !, 
  nobody 's got round to telling hollande yet then ? 
  just merge north and south dakota . 
  there 's almost nobody there so hardly anyone would notice anyway . 
  that 's why i said slightly milder  you 're right though , water has a really high heat capacity , meaning it takes a lot of energy to heat it up and it takes a long time to lose heat . 
  this means it tends to make coastal areas milder - it 'll cool down hot areas and warm up cold shores . 
  going on latitude , we 'd be a slightly milder russia . 
  inverness would have roughly the same climate as st. petersburg and london would be a slightly warmer moscow . 
  [ now , where have we heard that one before ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stab-in-the-back_myth ), 
  because those countries do n't steal bits of other countries . 
  i think it 's because the media paid them no attention , so all their shit went unnoticed . 
  they 've been getting mocked a lot recently over their candidates being racist nutters . 
  we do still have quite a lot of expertise here . 
  for example , most of the f1 teams are based in the uk . 
  well , it would 've helped if you had n't spent trillions radicalising people in iraq and afghanistan . 
  there are dozens of us !,
