  no glorious soviet-style '' forward glorious comrades , for the motherland ! '', 
  iconography ? 
  i do n't know exact reasoning , it could be to use italy as leverage and affect italian politics by only lowering the price if a russia-friendly pm or fm is instated for example . 
  in fact , a remnant that is still active left over from the cold war is that the netherlands supplies italy with very cheap gas ( other caloric values than russian gas ) . 
  this is mostly from one source , the largest gas field in western europe ( slochteren ) . 
  in such ways nato/eu tried to keep soviet/russian influence on italy down . 
  edit : [ overview ] ( http://www.energydelta.org/mainmenu/energy-knowledge/interactive-world-gas-map/europe/italy ), 
  i think i recognize that buff biker lad from something . . was n't he involved in taking crimea ? 
  this reminds me of my family of [ silverfish ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silverfish ) living in my toilet house . 
  sadly , i have to move out soon which will probably mean their deaths . 
  this the guy with 4 wives ? 
  seems he 's milking and earning quite something out of his muslim conversion ( ? ), 
  probably not from a dedicated independent news source , but it shows in their coverage of reports , the news they decide is air-worthy and the bias of their reporters . 
  an example is that with the recent gaza-protests they decided to inform everyone that '' all was peaceful and without police intervention '' whilst the facts were that that nazi , jihad flags were present and some people also gave hitler-salutes . 
  things for which the police should have acted . 
  the heads of the agency i would also deem mostly leftist , especially longtime boss hans laroes who made no secrets of his personal narrative and preferences to the news that will get aired . 
  regarding pro-monarchy : http://www.elsevier.nl/cultuur--televisie/nieuws/2009/5/nos-betreurt-manipulatie-applaus-beatrix-elsevier233072w/ also abundantly clear in their day-long coverage of all-things monarchy related . 
  despite all that i do occasionally watch the news , but not as often since they proclaimed they would make it more accessible by '' dumbing down the news and fancy words of the presenters '' . 
  nos also , quite clearly , gives preference to a ` diversity image ' meaning they put other ethnicities in front of the screen as a policy rather than a strict policy of merit . 
  nos is quite clearly leftist and pro-monarchy . 
  it has been shown to fraudulently edit footage over the years and admitted to that . 
  [ italy has a green water navy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/green-water_navy ) this might offer an explanation . 
  i wonder how dead a sole lad with an israeli flag would be if he turned up at one of these protests . 
  i know of a shooting once in 2012 , bonn and the police then proceeded to halt and remove the counter protesters . 
  interesting , in which century did they immigrate toward belgium/belgicae ? 
  any sizable population ? 
  they dissolved the wrong protest ; the peaceful counter protest . 
  they should have send in military police/riot police when they are the ones getting shot at . 
  in any case , with subgroups of new immigrants and more radical 2nd and 3th generation muslim immigrants becoming more and more aggressive and out on the streets , we 'll see more clashes , more parallel societies and we 're bound to see tipping points along the way . 
  sad state of affairs . 
  [ such german police ? 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg7h29xkrj0 ) http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqxbrewvgum [ here , muslims using a german police car and speaker ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=63e_1405264846 ), 
  you 're not included switzerland , stay neutral . 
  the far left and muslims are hand in hand in these demonstrations nowadays . 
  i even saw a stand from international socialists or likewise organisation exposing far-left ideology books about marxism and the 99 % and such , ugh . 
  he probably took a look at the offender lists and if some of the crowd got arrested . 
  * none were arrested * plenty of people bringing hitler-salutes , chanting death to the jews and waving the flag of a terror organisation . 
  all which are punishable . 
  police are n't acting . 
  i saw danish police recently arresting a group of 50 for just this . 
  thanks , that clears it up quite a bit . 
  how should i interpret this as a layman with no understanding of anything advanced biology and genetics ? 
  is r1b in this for example a certain amount of the population of x country and thus nearly similar with r1b in another country ? 
  are so many dutch so closely related to italians ? 
  was that the head or just the helmet ? 
  enough room to putin the other countries involved . 
  really ? 
  the pvda is pretty known for it 's '' baantjescarousel '' in which highly elected officials often emerge at the heads of big international companies and international organisations . . 
  that 's what they all do . 
  they just wait for the nomination and then they gladly take it . 
  you 're only sick about this because of the media 's attention to detail concerning this conflict that springs up in temper every so often . 
  relatively compared it 's a very small area in the whole middle-east , a sliver of mostly desert terrain . 
  far more deathly decade-old conflicts happen all around the world , by order of magnitudes . 
  namely ; indonesian-papua struggle , western sahara vs morocco , congo , darfur famine caused by warring muslim tribe . 
   the creation of israel was the worlds biggest blunder after world war ii and we have been paying for this blunder for close to 70 years with no end in sight . 
  with the relatively low death-toll and periods of peace and even reconciliation and peace-progress , even returning of some lands and israels attempt ( at more secular , peaceful times ) to accommodate arab israelis and palestinians that statement has very little punch . 
  he certainly describes the mentality of a certain subgroup of muslim youth , even new reports show that overall religiousness among the latest generation has only increased and with it more extremist muslims . 
  '' ireland stands with palestine '' ( posted 15h ago ) - / u/cyridius rekt , mate . 
  i know about that one , but i took from some source that there were videos from cellphones taken by the separatists along with laptop 's etc. 
  yeah go right ahead and then putin thinks he has grounds to invade all of east ukraine . 
  any news about that video that was supposedly shot from inside the plane and said by rebels to be in their possession ? 
  there 's actually sort of a bandidos-hell 's angels strife going on because of former ha are joining bandidos here , most poignantly , in the netherlands . 
  satudarah is also relatively large . 
  [ footage allegedly shows a heavy military vehicle '' escaping '' the area , possibly buk system ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=05d_1405623670 ), 
  that are the events that we all know off , but what triggered it ? 
  i hear reports of mass rapes and killings prequeling this ? 
  shell is anglo-dutch , so it might just be the revenue is shared . 
  but perhaps that was accounted for in the source . 
  in any case shell is the biggest tax benefitor to the dutch state . 
  there have been a number of plots halted these past few years . 
  i wonder what sentencing and eventual control these groups and individuals will experience when they eventually are set free due to lax rule of law . 
  you can hardly stop those so opposed mentally to the very idea of democracy and other ideals such as secularism , laicite and so on . 
  almost a tenerife scenario again , could have been with a bit of evening fog . . 
  thanks for the shitpost . 
  i do n't see the issue in that one , he had kneejerk reactions to all people 's appearances and lame jokes , that 's his schtick . 
  also , he 's a gay flamboyant media figure that thrives on stupid programs and attention , hardly representative for the population as a whole . 
  what could they have done against an encircling army brigade consisting of dozens of tanks ? 
  no air support and severely low on heavy weapons and munitions . 
  i 'm all for long talk discussion , but before i start it would be nice to know who 's talking with what credentials and what they 're talking about or arguing against/for . 
  my two cents , take them . 
  5.000 in one weekend . 
  if one sheep leaps over the ditch all the rest will follow . . 
  [ i hate this ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/study-people-hate-happy-couples-on-facebook-89770108284.html ), 
  75 % of dutch muslims think of those going to syria as heroes . 
  i ca n't imagine the percentage being lower in the uk with a lot of pakistani immigrants and such . . [ link source , leftist media ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/vk/nl/2686/binnenland/article/detail/3448325/2013/05/28/driekwart-nederlandse-moslims-vindt-syrie-gangers-helden.dhtml ), 
  all the time in southern europe , the gypsy variant in northern europe and outside supermarkets . 
  '' test '' or ` test ' , both can be used ? 
  these are the quotes my keyboard gives me , i do n't see how that can be wrong as you use them as well . 
  well , i 'm aloof on this one . 
  edit : wait and op uses them as well , what am i doing wrong ? 
  that 's how we do it in dutch . 
  guess english only uses singles ? 
  can we all just agree '' can we all just agree . . '' titles are awful ? 
  sweden is just a front , ikea is actually a dutch registered company . 
  there is increasingly the sense we ca n't possibly help , place and habilitate all the millions of impoverished and downtrodden from impoverished nations . 
  we could do some more in their home countries , but why is it european economies must suffer the blowback of immigrants from these countries ? 
  i also do n't get your point ; the immigrants have plenty of education possibilities in western europe , i know my nation offers free courses and has special schools for these immigrants . 
  i 've seen it argued there was a flaw in military enlistment data they used to measure the average height around 1850 , they supposedly used boys as young as 16 . 
  you can see, 
  they do , men just a tad bit more especially gang-related .
