  they hardly think of themselves as this . 
  and then europe even lets them be participant in turkey 's army , kurds fighting in the pkk and a general fear of combatting any one such group for being over-represented in crimes such as the chechens , moroccans . 
  something seriously wrong with policy when you have radicals and their sympathisants numbering tens of thousands , openly rallying in german cities calling for jihad and shouting the takbir , do these people want the whole world to envision the crumbles of syria where every other muslim group battles the other for not adhering to the '' one true religion '' ? 
  well , it seems most large companies nowadays are outsourced to china , india , bangladesh , vietnam etc so that wo n't affect either very much i think . 
  i was talking about nbc patrols of armoured trucks , tanks , apcs , ifvs . 
  when the nuclear blasts has n't killed you yet you 'd be sure to light up like a christmas tree on all the ir camera 's of russian armed patrols . 
  your gun is obsolete . 
  recently read an article that states the effective gdp percentage for the netherlands is just .8 % due to other spending being counted in it ( coast guard , pensions ) which most other countries do not . 
  it 's an estimate out of over 850 thousand muslims in the netherlands , as there is no state , municipality record of it nor have any reliable surveys been conducted . 
  [ pdf alert ] ( https://www.google.nl/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=2&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0cccqfjab&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.nctv.nl%2fimages%2fsalafisme-nl_tcm126-444095.pdf%3fcp%3d126%26cs%3d73791&amp;ei=kxcovjw3itjfasibgdah&amp;usg=afqjcnh6wxxptd_rrkgtw0cdla5t3fj-rg&amp;bvm=bv.76247554,d.bgq ) this report talks about growing number of salafists as well as hate preaching international imams finding their way to dutch mosques . 
  [ 25 to 30k potentially dangerous salafists ] ( http://www.elsevier.nl/nederland/nieuws/2007/9/radicale-islamstroming-salafisme-rukt-op-elsevier137635w/ ), 
  the european borders are open , as is quite clearly evident when a french marseillan shot 3 people in a jewish museum in brussels a few months back , this figure had spend time in syria . 
  also , there are 60k salafists and a few mosques with known radical ties and preachers in the netherlands . 
  the terror threat is the highest it has ever been , and i reckon it 's not without cause with nearly a dozen thwarted terror attacks in europe these last few years . 
  you want to see your local community experience a dramatic crime rate increase , your blonde daughters viciously attacked and raped ? 
  because that is one aspect we see increasingly happening where asylum centres emerge . 
  how about morally just helping the africans in their respective countries and if need be helping them in the next country over , not in europe where they 're at high risk of becoming a drag on the welfare , housing , education system and even denting social things like cohesion and trust . 
  11 seriously wounded , critical condition . 
  meaning that the number may rise . 
  not even the turkish populace ( well over 70 to 80 percent ) wants to join the eu anymore . 
  it 's pretty much the same for the large european countries vice-versa . 
  what 's more poignant is that turkey 's erdogan had just severed close ties with israel and france in favor of iran and syria , but then the syrian conflict began . 
  so not only are these unskilled asylum seekers a total net-loss to a countries economy they also pull down the native population by also creating housing shortages etc. 
  enjoy your future crime rates sweden , i can see it happening here as well . 
  still better than the groninger dialect . 
  ah good old nato-russia vietnam-style proxywar , this time in europe 's backyard . 
  type 45 was also the last of the european nfh to be completed and therefore had reductions in capability iirc . 
  also the dutch zeven provincien class of 4 ships is also anti-air how would they fit in ? 
  or do they not ? 
  and what about the other frigates ? 
  also , shortly after the mh17 disaster putin 's daughter left for russia from her home in the netherlands . 
  he left his wife earlier this year also . . 
  nearly 80 % of turks do n't want to join the eu anymore , what 's more turkey is lagging in all the neceserry steps needed to join the eu and with erdogan in charge ( as ever ) there wo n't be any grand progress toward that . 
  i ca n't see it happening in 3 decades . 
  i ca n't help but think this is rather skewed , with the uk supplying 3,500 out of a total force of 5,000 for example the netherlands only contributes a total of 200 personnel . 
  in any case with just 4 c-130s that 'll probably also mean piggybacking on the uk forces . 
  edit : i 'm aloof on this one , articles now edited to 1,000 uk soldiers . 
  the fuck dude , i can imagine these incidents to be quite terrorizing to the local populace if indeed this was either a random attack on an innocent women or that it was targeted , the article does n't make that clear yet though . 
   another man who lives near the scene said he learned from other neighbours that a man carrying a machete had been seen in a series of back gardens on the road before the killing . 
  random lunatic killing in a frenzy or more likely , if in a ` diverse ' neighborhood , a terrorizing islamic lunatic or terrorist ( overlap ) . 
  is a machete even part of normal people 's kitchen ware ? 
  also , with the advent of very capable , modern atmgs such as spike with ranges of up to 4km you would n't necessarily require a tank to go up against a tank , although if you 're up against a full-scale tank invasion you 're still rather defenseless as a baltic country . 
  diversity , more cases of random violence , assault , rape and groping . 
  those vehicles in british inventory will be replaced by the [ scout ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lzbpeua.jpg ) of which about 500 vehicles will be delivered as of yet in a deal worth 3,5 b made at the recent nato summit in wales . 
  other western arms have been given a second life in the baltics for years now , for example dutch patria 's , cv90s , artillery pieces etc. 
  not entirely , romanian land-based sm-3 missiles will probably proceed . 
  especially now . 
  i also think poland , with it 's increased defense spending will acquire missile defenses such as patriot , with which they have already had training in the past . 
  shell is actually anglo-dutch , as is unilever . 
  point still legit though . 
  such rhetoric must give final sway to the realization of full-scale aegis , land-based missile defences across eastern europe ( romania , poland ) right ? 
  the patriot is not effectively combat-proven and very expensive , even in maintenance . 
  and just last week it became apparent they need a new overhaul and upgrade . 
  we 'll have just 37 slated f-35s eventually , even less than norway . 
  just 4 c-130s that hardly any airlift capability , belgium has more than that and it is involved in the a400m project . 
  i 'll give you the apaches  . 
  44 cv9035 are already being sold , not all of them been upgraded properly due to budget restraints and they are not equipped with spike atgm , which are also being sold again in large quantities . 
  the new amphibious lpd marine vessel had it 's capabilities reduced due to budget cuts , the nh90 is grounded ( probably for years ) due to over a 100 issues . 
  the cougar was to be sold off due to the nh90 entering into service , but that old machine is back at it . 
  the submarine fleet is aging . 
  the airwing is tiny and aging . 
  land forces are a fraction of their former self . 
  the only effective full-scale projecting force is the navy . 
  yeah man , the [ sting ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ry7qyuz.jpg ) looks killer with it 's rubber tracks . 
  judging by camo those seem to be either canadians or finns . 
  do n't count on it , this 50m increase to eventually just 100m is n't even enough to account for the massive 1 billion drop of around 2008 . 
  aside from that a portion of the dutch defense budget is set aside for more and more pensions that need to be paid out . 
  making the 1,3 % of gdp even less . 
  nice to turn it all around and blame the '' we '' . 
  should europe forever open the door to unskilled africans that increasingly take the boat if they notice their family members have made the journey successfully ? 
  where does the number game end ? 
  millions of africans ? 
  billions ? 
  what are the acceptable numbers and how much of an increase of crime would you like to see in your area ? 
  will you still send your children to a public school full with immigrant children that make your children in turn lag behind in education ? 
  will you dare to have your blond daughters near an asylum centre or be free to walk alone at night ? 
  if the rising cultural problems , the parallel societies being formed , instead of intended multicultural ones , are n't halted and we do not enforce tougher rule of law on immigrants only more profiteers will follow , with that more crime and deteriorating abilities in social housing , welfare and social cohesion . 
  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/rotherham-child-abuse-inquiry-over-1400-children-raped-trafficked-by-men-pakistani-heritage-1462666 this one shows some of the perpetrators . 
  willem is only about 3 % dutch , he 's german . 
  though the dutch are a germanic people . 
  maxima is germanic argentinian most likely . 
  their children will be 1,5 % dutch . 
  [ wiki ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ikea ) tells me the hq is registered in the netherlands , most of the news articles surrounding ikea '' being dutch '' tell it 's dutch . 
  [ based on this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/90/ikea_corporate_structure.svg/422px-ikea_corporate_structure.svg.png ) i 'd say we 're both right . 
  actually reading a bit further i think you might be right , it became liechtensteinisch recently , in 2013 . 
  no , it is registered as a foundation type in the netherlands . 
  making it effectively a dutch company . 
  ca n't believe this trite is on europe 's frontpage . 
  what hogwash . 
  why are so many stories being linked to aljazeera , us media rather than european ones ? ... 
  oh wow such big news , i bet the x crowd is creaming their pants now . 
  i bet this illustrates somehow who 's in the right in this conflict . 
  total shitpost with appeal to emotion and biased news source and op . 
  edit : this shite being frontpaged perfectly illustrates this . 
  not only the mistral cooperation , but a number of french companies are jointly developing apcs , ifvs and atvs with russian companies . 
  this was a nice , soothing video with a catchy soothing guitar tingle . 
   if it had a soldier petting a kitten or kissing a small child it would be perfect . 
  is anyone keeping track of russian state movements - that fall back in line with old soviet era - ? 
  there have been a number of developments like this over the years , and just recently russia restarted a spying facility in south america . 
  adopt a briton ?
