  everyone here against the freedom of speech ? 
  jeez , i used to think better of this place . 
  these tend to be wildly inaccurate . 
  so this is how they 're trying to sell all the cut-backs these past few years . 
  . . and the netherlands ( 400 ) . . and the chinese ( 400 ) and perhaps soon germany as well . 
  not mentioning all the smaller '' peace-keeping '' detachments all over africa . 
  it stops at about hungary , poland for me currently . 
  how is that a racist remark ? 
  also , fuck [ martin schulz ] ( http://nos.nl/video/420619-schulz-bekritiseert-de-antimoslimfilm.html ), 
  even if he did say that with the wrong intent ( he did not ) expressing opinion should not mean juridical prosecution . 
  he also mumbled something like '' the minarets are our bayonets , the mosques are our barracks , the believers are our soldiers . '', 
  creepy to lead such a large promising country . 
  is that just the organisational cost for the winter olympics alone ? 
  it 's not as if the stadiums will never be used anymore , they 're trying to make sochi and surrounding area more touristy and attractive . 
  well , when this gets international rep the ruskies only need to dig up the fragment of him tonguing an underage child and all the commotion is dead in the water or countered on the netherlands . 
  clearly , you 're seeing what you want to see . 
  zlatan is an arrogant cunt . 
  whatever , i 'm not swedish . 
  i 'd say most would call converts or radicals that decide to fight for a foreign force ( which would mean losing your citizenship in country of birth in a lot of countries in the 20th century ) not very akin to something a '' true citizen '' would do . 
  you think such a religious radical even thinks of himself as swedish before his faith or his parents/grandparents country of birth ? 
  '' reddit user '' the dude has like 5 posts . 
  indirectly they do ; their parents welfare . 
  . . how do people think all the other young islamists fund their trips and stay ? 
  a : same way , most of it welfare money . 
  could you help find mine please ? 
  she 's good-looking , big on the front and rear , smart and athletic . 
  another isaf style operation ? 
  wait that 's already in the works : dutch army with 400 personnel chinese army with 400 ( one of the first foreign missions of the chinese ) minusma and an african variant ; dozens of african countries with army detachments on the ground . 
  us helping with intelligence gathering . 
  yeah , fusion actually and perhaps fission as well . 
  i 'm no rocket or nuclear scientist  . 
  oh i know of others that are more important like the fusion nuclear reactor . 
  actually the f-35a ( main export version ) is now at $ 150 million , probably reaching $ 120 million upon mass-production . 
  i believe a new , fully upgraded d block is at about $ 60 million . 
  what a kneejerk armchair-general response . 
  '' huge orders '' that 's not even a problem in the f-35 program ; they have a line of backing countries since the start-up plus israel and japan joined in later on . 
  there is significant drop in the amount that will be built because of the costs spiraling out of control not because of a bad international market for the f-35 per se . 
  also , in the wider range of geo-politics and the old , classic enemies : russia , india , china are all developing new generation fighter jets and china 's exporting to african countries , pakistan . 
  this got way less coverage than the announcements we might sell to indonesia ( former colony ) a year back . 
  low and behold from whom did the indonesians buy from ? 
  you guessed it : germany . 
  ( we did n't because of humanitarian concerns ; use against indigenous population , occupation of papua and such ) i 'm not too sure about the financial aspect but yes ; you 'll get a good deal since we put much emphasis on good and safe equipment and material . 
  so maintenance was continuous and they 're likely in a fine state . 
  finland borders russia directly , we 're central among germany , poland , france , uk , norway , sweden who all have main battle tanks . 
  that said ; the role of mbt is ambiguous ; the traditional ` enemies ' can easily manufacture man-portable tank-killers like the rpg-30 for just ten-thousand and creating a tank costs millions . 
  as most other armies we have the tech to combat other tanks , we have armored fast-mobility vehicles like the swedish cv90 and german-dutch fennek and boxer ( hundreds ) . 
  i believe there is hardly a role for leopard tanks in current hostilities in africa and such . 
  but o boy , i 'm going to miss seeing them in action up-close or even in transport on the highway . 
  just like that , with wide margin suddenly ` we ' jump over the finns ? 
  in any case ; pat ourselves on the back and move on . 
   being a part of reddit is an important part of how i see myself . 
  i am glad to be a part of reddit . 
  i feel committed to reddit . 
  . . what weird wording , ambiguous questions . 
  gas running out , plus they had a war . 
  yes , and we rank 1 or < top 5 ( with smaller population scandinavian countries ranked higher ) continuously in a lot of other studies . 
  frankly , i 'm tired of seeing these statistics . 
  pat ourselves on the back and move on . 
  easy there , just a mix-up because i hear more about romania nowadays then i do bulgaria . 
  of course , it 'll only be women that make the trip . 
  the children will also all grow up to be upstanding , law-abiding citizens . 
  true for netherlands , in varying extent for various media and politicians of course . 
  '' possible surge of hundreds of thousands of romanians/bulgarians seeking their luck '' there was also the rent tax fraud by some romanians past year : registered as living in the netherlands they were able to get ( collectively ) millions of euro 's . 
  i 've also seen reports about them possibly pushing poles out of the workplace , since they 'll work for even less and for longer hours . 
  yes , europe should just take in the hundreds of millions of poor africans and arabs , whilst immigration in last few decades has given a net-loss to the economy , increased crime-rates and a shopping lists of other religious and cultural problems . 
  interesting to learn about spain , still quite a catholic country . 
  yes '' we '' purposefully bomb all kinds of peace-loving muslims by the thousands , just because . 
  your comment is typical naive leftists bullshit from the sp and anarchist groups . 
  let 's all bend over backwards for intolerant cultures and religions '', 
  for several reasons , yes . 
  but this conflict is hardly comparable , as these internationals are more likely to suffer from ptsd and bring the fight to western countries . 
  from the numerous documentaries and reports in those regions i 've seen i often wonder how they afford all types of cars they have . 
  theft and illegal trade will explain some of this i guess . 
  but what 's more infuriating is those international jihadists and the seeming lack of prosecution they face in western countries for fighting in foreign conflicts . 
  http://www.nationell.nu/2014/01/07/sverige-tar-over-50-000-afrikaner-fran-israel/ according to this and haaretz it 's actually 50 thousand , i do n't see that being positive . 
  i think it 's one of the ugliest . 
  too many contrast with varying shapes in too tight of a spot . 
  there were also a few dozen more foiled and thwarted terrorist attacks across europe . 
  they 've been saying that every year since 2008 . 
  the current prognosis is for positive growth in 2015 . . '' free beer tomorrow folks ! '', 
  dutch manufacturing at record 57 , jay germany !, 
  our economy still stagnant though . 
  i need to believe that somewhere , someone in the deepest crevice in the pentagon is employed to aim a fatal payload of bombs on dear leader 's head at all times . 
  oliebollen , champagne and [ shooting carbide ] ( http://www.compactmedia.nl/wp-content/uploads/2012/12/carbid-schieten-2012-zevenhuizen-15.jpg ), 
  yes , she 's married to a dutch guy who studied architecture but suddenly , miraculously went to the board of directors of some gazprom-like company run by oligarchs . 
  i 'd imagine you to get murdered by the fsb first , kgb are near retirement age now . 
  putin 's daughter lives near amsterdam , the hague and rotterdam . 
  at least we 're quite safe , for now . 
  no , it was examplorary of certain ethnic groups overwhelmingly negative to a countries economy , new arrivals that are already steeply presented in organized crime , violent attacks and regular theft . 
  http://www.waldnet.nl/wn/nieuws/48475/armeense_fietsendief_55_komt_ten_val.html quite some actually , a few that do most of the crime though . 
  thanks for the usual and quintessential name-calling though it 's really mean and thought provoking over the internet . 
  you big meanie . 
  i 'd still rather have those from the caucasus and asia over north africa and the me . 
  so eh yes the people in that photo are even worse then those from the caucasus , generally speaking so eh thanks for providing the point . . 
  wow such substance , much argument . 
  so you basically desire no discussion , no other opinions in your own segregated groupthinik ? 
  how european of you . 
   oh do n't worry . 
  your comment proves that `` european society '' wo n't be able to degrade much further . 
  my comment ?
