  . . yes because a significant majority of the people in the european countries vote for this gay-as-hell cringefest ... 
  it is scary , and in norway they also have political camps for youth . 
  sad to see no governmental response akin to this though . 
  i only hear of belgium , france and the uk imposing stricter control and trying to prevent this beforehand . 
  thousands have gone all over europe , there is no way all the intelligence agencies can track and control all of them . 
  it 's really fearsome the mental issues , networks , bombing skills they take with them out of syria . 
  i suspect this will cause for attacks or strife for decades to come . 
  actually as far as research in the sciences and puplished papers per head of population goes ( please no stapel jokes ) we 're on par with germany and top of europe iirc . 
  there are other info-graphs about this . 
  this might mean a tax break war between the uk and netherlands . 
  have seen some parliamentary inquiries already . 
  and french . 
  some exercise with a fancy english name , mostly air landings out of uh-60s  12de and 13de bataljon 11 luchtmobiele brigade take part in exercise saker falcon in v\u00e1rpalota , hungary . 
  a lot of pictures can be seen on the official facebook page of 11 luchtmobiele brigade . 
  not to say this means anything because international exercises happen yearly and with different scenario 's and units . 
  belgium because of eu , brussel affairs . 
  poland as show of support given the whole ukrainian conflict and france because he did n't visit it on his last eurotrip . 
  is it just me or does obama travel to more countries on a single overseas voyage than his predecessors ? 
  nearly every comment in these type of threads every week is by heavily biased leftists i have noticed due to res . 
  some of it truly shows in the points they take to be ` news ' . 
  sad state of affairs . 
  in any way connected to the possible claim they can make due to the falklands proximity to the pole ? 
  ` tries to stop ' or enact rule of law upon them when their motives are clear or they have returned . 
  it 'll remain quite easy to venture toward syria either by boarding a plane in germany or traveling to eastern turkey by car . 
  i 'll put on my lederhosen and drink a jagermeister in his honor . 
  kharkiv , is the more common used name in western media . 
  bordering russia , and seems to be one of the bigger cities . 
  but they did sell to indonesia a couple years back . 
  i heard it might number some 100.000 strong around moscow and they might be used to counter-protest large demo 's . 
  any truth ? 
  well the idea is that having such a policy makes for less people to attempt the grande voyage north thus reducing the strain on immigration , border police in the long run . 
  i 'd say governments should cooporate more and arrest those that are illegally in europe . 
  a cheaper option would be to have military c-130 and a400m planes fly them to sub saharan africa . 
  most that make the journey are young males , so it should n't be considered ` inhumane ' . 
  that 's just one scenario . 
  i live next door to a center for asylum seekers and see qat-chewing somali 's and other sub-saharan and african immigrants on a daily basis . 
  moreover i went to a public school with a majority immigrants , sadly . 
  i can view how it works each day . 
  these people smell opportunity and a chance of a better live , but if they come over in unregulated droves ( as is the case now ) then only make europe worse . 
  the reports from scandinavian countries also clearly indicated the net-loss to the economy they bring . 
  have we not send in enough aid , peacekeeping-missions to africa and a wide range of assistance on a lot of fields to these african countries to now have them ( potentially tens of millions ) in our countries ? 
  and hundreds of thousands to millions more will come if europe does n't enact a strict no-entry policy . 
  [ yeah ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwsos2yghec ), 
  he seems to omit a liter of spit every furious debate he enters with cracked english and weird mannerisms . 
  over 3 or 4 posts now on the frontpage that close with '' thanks to putin '' is this subreddit rigged now ? 
  edit : aahaah !, 
  now i get it . 
  oh wow , i zoomed in . 
  you 're actually right  . 
  i ca n't figure mine out . . 
  a socialist passing reforms , that would make him and his party that much more unpopular given that reforms will have short-term tough impact . 
  we 've already seen nation-wide strikes over the slightest of changes over and over again . 
  erdogan once said that democracy for him is a bus ride . 
  `` once i get to my stop , i 'm getting off . '', 
  buses are quite modern !, 
   `` mosques are our barracks , minarets our bayonets , domes our helmets , the believers our soldiers . '', 
  that 's more like it . 
  well , can nato please expel turkey from their ranks or at the very least now pull out the german and dutch patriot installments close to the syrian border ? 
  rich people losing their fortunes , poor people depressed seeing all those rich people . 
  but moreso people decide to die in hospitals in other countries thus why other causes of death are lower than that of suicide . 
  that 'd be my guess . 
  enough with the swarje jerk already , it was also posted in worldnews and is upvoted solely on the basis of the sensational title , article makes no sense . 
  albania is the sea . . 
  no , it will not . 
  that would set a precedent and either way he has n't really called for violence or attacks , he merely voiced a controversial opinion which he later backpedaled somewhat rephrasing it to '' criminal moroccans '' but you want see that now in leftist media . 
  time to restart the nuclear reactors . 
  in the '' eeuwige jachtvelden '' aka limbo . 
  transcending depot to departure to finnish operational service . 
  i have seen the pictures : they 're in large depots , together with some rusty leopards 1s and aa-vehicles . 
   with an rpg can blow up a tank potentially , but even the modern russian rpg or german panzerfaust 3 needs to be in close proximity and even then under right angles . 
  leopard are up-armored beasts with protective angles and strong composite armor . 
  you 'd need the newest atgm ( anti tank guided missile ) typically to more effectively fight tanks , now guess what ? 
  you 've probably given away your position to the tank or another vehicles flir and other optic capabilities . 
  the cv90 purchase by the dutch mod was never intended to replace the leopards , the cv90 is an ifv ( infantry fighting vehicle ) a tank can attack other tanks far better . 
  imagine large-scale offensive or an open field battle , and you 'd be better off with an army of leopards firing from larger distances than the enemy can even see or fire at you . 
  also regarding the iraq war , no abrahams or challenger iis were lost to my knowledge but a number of bradleys were . 
  i do agree mostly that we do n't really need them as we wo n't fight offensively against a modern army , but no country needs an army in time of peace . . 
  our f16s might break down mid-air carrying those hefty b62 nuclear payload thingys . 
  polish jets stronk . 
  the ` transaction ' takes years . . 
  i do n't think any have arrived yet . 
  those are mostly cv90nl . 
  swedish combat vehicle 90 . 
  just check wiki . 
  seeing my own environment change for the worse due to low-skilled african and middle-eastern freeloaders or offspring of immigrants and the nimby attitudes or refusal to tackle and name the issues by the rich elite and politicians changed my political course . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6iuiwqxz34 http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=737_1343775329&amp;comments=1 these are n't isolated incidents either . 
  * / * on white crime is far more frequent and silenced by the media , just last year immigrant moroccans killed a volunteer-dad at a soccer game by kicking him in the head when he was down , the media and politics reacted by starting a renewed offensive to combat '' violence in sports '' . . [ such racist and intimidating incidences ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oh8-wjx4bxk ) i have endured myself , simply because they seemed bored and i was an easy target at age 12 . 
  i ca n't help but think life , for many people , would be better off without this uncontrolled immigration . 
  [ spanish enclave in morocco , increasing footage of asylum-seekers . 
  500 yesterday . 
  notice the lack of women . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/hddjzclnzxa ) edit : other reports talk about 2000 . 
  this is n't an isolated incident anymore in any case . 
  nothing new under the sun , multinational exercises are held in varying nations with varying countries , small or big and large-scale or small-scale or even special forces annually in all seasons . 
  exercises in czech republic , poland and other eastern countries are also nothing new . 
  heck , even macedonia is jointly training with bigger nations . 
  too bad we sold all our leopard 2a6 and the large stock of 2a4s though . 
  i believe their reasoning was that constructing such large plans would come at the costs of the indigenous taxpayer and increasingly makes for less jobs for those with dutch passport . 
  whilst a lot of the eastern europeans are just temporary laborers , who work hard and live in relatively shitty conditions cramped with sometimes a dozen people in a small apartment on their own accord so they can live better in eastern europe . 
  plus , free market , tewk ewr jerbs .
