i never finish . 
  i saw authentic , natural titteys . 
  * i 'll be watching this . 
  what is the release date ? 
  oh yes , sorry for the offense i mixed up a few reports with kierkegaard it seems . 
  point is swedish rationale is not to be found in the arab governments and populace at large . 
  can he send them to the surrounding arab countries as well , you know the ones that held massive demos against sweden after a cartoonist drew a picture . . ? 
  in any case it 's no tmuch of a retort as israel has had dialogue and cooperation time and again . 
  global warming is gradual and might only get problematic in like another 100 years . 
  if you were the average dutch person at present day you 'd have none of that . 
  the last big disaster was the storm surge of '53 which gave rise to large constructions that can be put into place to stop oceanic storm waves . 
  there 's just that slight percentage of a '' perfect storm '' like high tide due to a close moon coupled with a funnel effect created by a typhoon ramming down water from next to the uk downward , but wind is n't usually from that direction . 
  groningen = last bastion of dutch stillborn communism . 
  also one of the poorest regions for a long time along with drenthe . 
  it 's only 1 color off and perhaps just slightly lower than the rest , does n't say all that much . 
  it 's not , but to the south it says griechenland . 
  cool , so this means we get borkum back ? 
   basically : the part of the panel that was ` israeli ' had to shift all the blame to hamas , otherwise any defense in that matter would fail . 
  ( . . ) i fail to see the overarching ` wrong ' in that as hamas seems to be tightly in charge of gaza , be it media , police , reconstruction and foreign oversea negotiators and it 's leaders in 5 star hotels in qatar . 
  especially after killing near 200 fatah members their faction has effectively ousted opposition and dialogue . 
  fatah , hamas , plo all involved in dozens of terror attacks internationally responsible for hundreds of deaths . 
  then there 's the hamas charter that calls for the death of all jews . 
  i understand those weened on leftist media often believe the palestinian 'cause ' is righteous and the palestinians are the underdog somehow but history has taught me otherwise . 
  any and all progress toward peace , reconciliation , two-state solution comes from the west or israel politics or the large liberal israeli community , it will only be reached when hamas is out of the equation . 
   those schools were targeted because , according to israeli intelligence ( and i urge you to back down here a bit , as we really do not know for sure ) there was hamas activity near those schools . 
  again , israel in majority of those cases needs to react fast to a sudden guerilla attack in the vicinity of a un complex , un buildings that number over a hundred in gaza . 
   that however does not give the idf carte blanche to bombard schools , schools to which the israeli government knew were being used as schelters . 
  some of those u.n. schools were actually harboring thousands of people , and many lives were put on the line for the thirst for revenge . 
  to my knowledge 3 schools were hit , some schools contained stockpiles of rockets . 
   for the thirst for revenge . 
  so thirsty israel waited for days , enacted several negotiations and attempted several ceasefires which were promptly put down because hamas of course does it all for the attention , they know they ca n't '' win '' in a conventional regard . 
   that 's the pickle : iron dome prevents qassam missiles ( how criminal the launch of those missiles might be ) from actually causing havoc within israeli borders . 
  the statistics speak for themselves : missiles shot from the gaza strip rarely succeed in actually killing someone . 
  does that mean that israel can not respond ? 
  of course not , but the question is how israel should response and to what extend a response is proportional . 
  fair point , there is however an increase of homebuild missiles , iranian supplied weaponry ( idf stopped several large container vessels these last few years ) and mortar fire close to the borders where the iron dome is useless . 
   the statistics speak for themselves : missiles shot from the gaza strip rarely succeed in actually killing someone . 
  is war now a monty python sketch wherein each side needs 50 % 50 % casualties for '' fairness '' ? 
  this fails to mention one of the key aspects of this operation ; tunnels from which hamas planned terror operations , some carried out on motorbike . 
  tunnels build by supplies meant for gaza housing construction . 
   of course not , but the question is how israel should response and to what extend a response is proportional . 
  you realize this conflict is relatively compared one of the most '' peaceful '' when you look at the timeline , asymmetrical nature and urban surrounding , amount of civilians that have died ? 
   terminology aside : a lot of civilians were killed , way more than should be allowed . 
  i think the idf has done aplenty to ensure civilians are warned , both in strategy as in their attempts at negotiations , ceasefire proposals and not wanting to do a ground op for several weeks . 
   engage in peaceful negotiations with the palestinians . 
  by that i mean accepting the two-state solution and no further acts of aggression ( i.e. 
  building more colonies on the west bank ) . 
  as long as israel keeps this image as a boogyman , the hordes of youth that want to become ' a martyr ' will keep seeing justification for their cause . 
  and hamas and co will just dissolve ? 
  turned out great around 2005 . . 
  the two state solution was offered with 98 % of the agreed upon borders offered by israel ; turned down after the accords and promptly started the second intifada . 
  plenty of erdogan quotes to show he really thinks like that , the man is a full-on conspiracy theorist and i believe he 's only had elementary education ( ? ) . 
  before the syrian uprising he actively sought closer ties to iran and syria , cancelled large scale military cooperation with france and israel . 
  turkey under erdogan should not be part of western , eu and nato cooperation . 
   let us just ignore the un school bombings you fail to point out if and how these schools were targeted if even . 
   let us just ignore the fact that so much collateral damage was inflicted on the gaza strip during the hunt for hamas terrorists . 
  undoubtedly damage also done by hamas with rocket barrage misfires , israel does take out these systems and hamas terrorists in the city where they hole up . 
   no matter that of the 2000 people killed , the vast majority were civilians not too sure about that , might be around 50 % . 
   israel in my eyes is nothing but a rebellious child , that gets ever more high on new types of drugs . 
  what is israel to do ? 
  when they withdrew and opened gaza in 2005 they got more indiscriminate bus bombings and terror attacks . 
  is israel not to respond to a terror organisation being in charge of gaza and ensuring a deadly future for it ? 
  does the idf need to remain dormant when rockets are fired upon it 's populace ? 
  have to say i do n't quite think the belgian justice department and police can get off the hook for all that . 
  seems like every year there 's a movie-esque jail escape by helicopter . 
  you should draw along the rhine part isntead of some arbitrarian bavarian outline . . 
  yes , german , dutch and swedish diesel-electrics all managed to do that in the case of the dutch and germans half a carrier battlegroup . 
  thing is during these simulated exercises things like advanced sonar ( kills or damages marine sea life ) are turned off and the full range of equipment is not used . 
  b. . but then the larger antifa crowd joins in , beats the right wingers simply for showing up and then we have salami + anarchist mix . 
  salami will defeat antifa leftists radfems because they simply ca n't fathom there being something wrong with x religion or sect . 
  so , we 're left with the most ideological salamis . 
  oh no , wat do . 
  italian crusaders pizza baker mario 's i call upon thee !, 
  ~ creative copyright licensing ~ ~, 
  they even use and involve their children in their criminal activities and often throw away given opportunities for education . 
  i 'll never forget the sight of one filthy gypsy mother smoking while heavily pregnant with child , squatting on a farmers land . 
  this was in the netherlands of all places , i 've personally seen worse in france . 
  well said , i really see an increasing amount of crime and hostility from immigrants in my local area and it saddens my heart . 
  there 's a multinational naval exercise ongoing in the baltics , perhaps relevant . 
  this includes submarines . 
  i 'd be seriously pissed if at 20 the media still described me as a boy , then again he does kind of have a babyface . 
  there was for the belgian ones , they uploaded themselves to facebook iirc . 
  a year ago there was also a dutch group showcasing the is flag in an obstacle run course . 
  [ as did germany ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2013-12/schengen-raum-bulgarien-rumaenien-veto-friedrich ), 
  either way , op might be a bot mechanism thus this is all semantics . 
  / grapje . 
  it 's a play on '' diepvries '' . 
  best i could come up with in 1 minute . 
  '' . . and so this is why / u/themadfleming is called ` the mad fleming ' . '', 
  ( movie voice ), 
  there are sizable groups which have sizable radical groups in turn among them such as chechens in germany . 
  of course larger groups like moroccans and turks that also show growing trends of islamism is more worrisome . 
  lol , the dutch bit is of a commercial banking tv-commercial . 
  it 's one of those cringey self-promotional faked news style . 
  most of the others seem to be genuine reports . 
  mostly because it 's national pastime to complain and nag about nearly everything . 
  nothing is ever good enough . 
  nothing new , kurds and turks been battling for years now frequently in the netherlands as well . 
  just goes to show the negativity 3rd world immigration brings europe . 
  their problems and regional thinking , clashes do n't just disappear when they 're in europe or classified european citizens .
