  [ a shitty source ] ( http://cyclehelmets.org/1258.html ) but that gives 138 for the netherlands and 104 for the uk , in 2009 . 
  still , i believe the uk has the least amounts of deadly car accidents , even slightly less than denmark and the netherlands . 
  yes , i figured as much given the new tank concepts and other indigenious designed craft these last few years coming out of poland . 
  however , as many other countries , it is still heavily supplied by numerous german weaponry and that will only increase with such a pact and increased spending . 
  i doubt the know-how and military tech industry is there yet to replace the main battle rifles for example . 
  no question a good day for german tech companies once again . 
  no , let 's just not take part in censorship is all i 'm saying . 
  no need to upvote him to the top , like that will happen . 
  he has his opinion , he can voice it just as much as he is free to do so in public . 
  you use an almost two month old thread , with 10 commenters at most as proof ? 
  very weak case . 
  personally , i like the diversity ( hue ) and discussion these figures bring , no need to censor . 
  perhaps his posting history was , ca n't judge now due to the censorship here . . 
  he just ascribed his opinion in a somewhat direct way , in words , on a corner of the internet . 
  big deal . 
  easy there , some people have preferences . 
  can you confirm the news i gathered ? 
  vkontakte , russia 's largest social website ( russian counterpart to facebook ) has been effectively taken over by the kremlin after kremlin-friendly oligarchs bought the majority stake in it some 2 months ago , possibly pressuring the founder and owner . 
  remarkable in both instances , what 's happening . 
  he 's already 18 according to his twitter account . 
  did n't get that impression . 
  he did n't create the sub , that was / u/blinkin some 4 years ago , he left a few months ago due to reddit 's policy changes . 
  i 'm guessing / u/noctarchy than got the '' main-mod '' position , i have no idea why - given his post history . 
  never thought such people ` existed ' in a serious manner . 
  i hope for his sake he 's just an impressionable 12 year old . . 
  interesting , did n't the kremlin ( or rather oligarch friends to the kremlin ) acquire the majority stake in vkontakte last year ? 
  ( the russian counterpart to facebook ), 
  probably just a plastic bag from a clothing store or one dollar shop , american/english writing is considered luxurious in many places . 
  fair enough , however this is not an article . 
  i just take it at face-value as a video diary of the day-to-day happenings in that region currently . 
  yes , he probably just looked for a quick karmagrab with the old , incorrect '' hurr durr france white flag '' comment . 
  there are no french movements onto the black or baltic seas . 
  just a delivery of a french-made vessel to the russian navy . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  they sell two of this type of ship to russia . . 
  should have used the black censor as a mustache for germany , such a missed opportunity . 
  we actually sell most of that gas and what we do use we use mainly for heating purposes as it 's low-caloric compared to high-caloric russian gas . 
  it 's said to have already surpassed it 's peak output and we have to focus on supplementing it now . 
  there 's also a weird arrangement to sell part of the gas to italy for a very low price as it was feared back in the day italy would be too dependent on russian gas and influence . 
  dutch government has acquired a 9 % stake in the northern russian gas line as well as other ventures with norway and such . 
  why point out ikea ? 
  it 's technically a dutch company . 
  what are you on about ? 
  quick reaction alert is normal for many other countries , also in the ranges of a few jets at standby 24/7 . 
  in case of actual tension-build up or full scale assaults i bet ` even ' sweden has dozens of jets ready . 
  so any inclination toward the neutrality ? 
  are there international journalists present and asking questions ? 
  good , it 's high time the zeppelin made a comeback . 
  quick karmagrab to jump on the amerikkka literally hitler hate-wagon ? 
  i feel like pointing out there are numerous medal rankings by several big media that portray it in differing ways . 
  report yesterday said they were all holed up in their hq , some 75 apparently '' escaped '' the facility . 
  no , the news reported it as if they directly shot bullets into swimming people . 
  in reality those people just plainly drowned due to being bad swimmers . 
  neither is netanyahu in any way you want to distort the meaning of ethnic cleansing to fit your biased view . 
  [ link that does not require a log-in ] ( http://www.youtube.com/v/dipjov01pr4 ) possibly nsfw yadda yadda, 
  [ here is one livefeed , i happen to have bookmarked ] ( http://www.ustream.tv/channel/euromajdan/pop-out# ), 
  and 60,000 more if we just let them all in , another 120,000 after that and on and on untill tens of millions of africans are at our doorsteps . 
  the moroccan immigrant was actually a jewish moroccan immigrant ( to my knowledge ) which makes it that more poignant . 
  i wonder how much this is the work of external players like large companies and factories outsourcing or moving to romania . 
  they do n't seem to mention that , but they do mention the lowest '' economic turnover '' that is agriculture having a good year . . 
  i 'd like to thank the brits for being our left-at-sea neighbors and thereby taking most of the pummeling from a lot of storms . 
  to my knowledge these are private companies working on orders and payment at request of british authorities , probably also cooperating with british companies . . or is this too much nuance ? 
  in any case , the few reports i 've seen so far indicate this wo n't be a one-time issue if nothing is going to be done about it in the future . 
  i would watch the croissant out of that . 
  outsourcing is one hell ` uva economic drug . 
  if you 'd be so kind as to point me to the little tidbits '' proving the opposite '' . 
  sure hope these reports are fair enough to mention sewage and modern plumbing and water facilities were originally created by israel and they were subsequently stopped from doing maintenance/upgrade work , but perhaps i 'll get that from these or other reports when i get to reading them some day . 
  the whole notion of the eu somehow boycotting israeli goods is ridiculous for dozens of reasons . 
  most they 're going to realistically boycott are produces from the occupied territories/settlements . 
  he was n't labeled a nazi , far as i 'm aware from the media i 've been reading thus far . 
  this slight stir in parliament , was like it or not caused by that stupid good-for-nothing gaffe by schultz in the first place . 
  knowing the person and far-left ideology he espouses , i 'm inclined to believe he sought such confrontation . 
   that 's not how you improve the relations to the eu . 
  two-way street basically , especially with right-wing bibi in charge . 
  all in all i 'd name this incident unworthy of attention , namely because ( german ? ), 
  media tries to hype one right-winger going awall as the whole of israel government attacking schulz for speaking german and so forth . 
  oh wait , the hype is mostly reddit that seeks articles critical of israel daily . 
  that 's nothing remarkable , bibi and schultz could hardly be any farther removed from each other on the political spectrum . 
  the fact he put that factually false bit of information by an unverifiable source into it , to me , shows the bias of mr. schulz . 
  reactions were a bit strong , but then again that 's israel and schulz was primarily in the wrong there with his statement/assertion as were the right-wing members that went the '' holocaust and german language route '' . 
  but how remarkable all the top voted discussion here is about how '' commendable '' his wrong words were and how bad the israelis were ( the one right-wing member ) yawn , schulz the naive leftist social-democrat got what he came for and the press got what they wanted . 
  i 'd say it is relevant ; he does not even stand up for freedom of speech , he rather condemns a badly made movie by a koptic egyptian immigrant to the us to arabian countries than talk about the human rights abuses in their countries . 
  shows what a spineless populist leftist he is , to now use factually wrong information in his speech in israeli parliament . 
  and now discussion does n't pertain to this wrong statements , it 's suddenly about him and his persona being '' under fire '' . 
  the man has a 38 person staff , he can do all the research he wants pertaining to the usage of water or he could 've just asked the responsible minister , his whole speech was intended for quick gain in the popular leftist european media for his '' commendable attack on israeli treatment of palestinians '' . 
  and look how that worked out , it 's reached reddit . 
   one right-wing parliament member . 
  ein junge mann , quite ambiguous in german . 
  i often see it used to refer to either boys or teenagers , thus child . 
  there might be ` reply ' speeches , but of course him being the visitor and in the international context he gets the most press , as evidently true because it 's posted here now . 
  and he knows his factually wrong words and his '' commendable '' words about a false issue are cause for media attention . 
  normally such speeches are mellow and devoid of criticism , see his speeches with arabian countries like saudi arabia or morocco , far worse human rights abusers . 
  therefore it 's quite easy to see him ( the biased naive leftists social-democrat ) using this for pandering . 
  he could have asked that the responsible minister or do the research himself , his intent is not to know the answer to the question . 
  because such quintessential speeches to parliaments worldwide are a dime a dozen and quite boring . 
  firstly he 's using the '' young child '' tactic and he knows they ca n't easily talk back or give the answer to him straight up . 
  his intent was to piggyback on the anti-israel sentiment , quite logically as he 's a socialdemocrat known for [ spitting in the face of freedom of speech ] ( http://nos.nl/video/420619-schulz-bekritiseert-de-antimoslimfilm.html ) and now the stir has been created , he gets all the attention for being '' so brave '' or as you point it '' pretty commendable '' . 
  now , get your reddiquette opened up because you 'll most likely watch me get downvoted for elaborated factual information regarding this . 
  . . yes he speaks honestly about unverified claims that later turn out false with wide margin . 
  [ it 's clear where his alliances lie ] ( http://nos.nl/video/420619-schulz-bekritiseert-de-antimoslimfilm.html ) edit : downvotes ?
