  turns out these immigrant groups are also un-educated and probably not quite suited for life in first world countries ; other culture and non existent or bad parenting . 
  but they do n't stay in italy indefinitely right ? 
  iirc highest italian officials now threaten to just send them north bound if the eu continous ignoring this issue . 
  i see quite a lot of new large somali families , very thin and weak and eritreans arrive at my local asylum center as well as the municipality building . 
  and not a woman among them , single , young and poor . 
  the streets in europe are going to be so ~ ~ safe ~ ~ clean with all those new aspirant community workers . 
  some other , earlier quotes : '' democracy is like a train , i step out when i 've reached my destination '' `` mosques are our barracks , minarets our bayonets , domes our helmets , the believers our soldiers . '', 
  you can exclude luxembourg for their tax and banking image , norway for their oil overload , switzerland for banking . 
  netherlands 3 . 
  sweden you 're welcome . 
  i have , in porno 's and a few strip plazas along lake balaton . 
  budapest was nice though . 
  sweden is just ikea 's image . 
  it 's actually a dutch company now . 
  they 'll still have a shot to pass the preliminary , which they probably will . 
  to be fair some high delegates of the eu were also present at the stage and gave speeches at maidan . 
  erdogan quotes : '' democracy is like a train when i 've reached my stop i get off . '', 
  `` mosques are our barracks , minarets our bayonets , domes our helmets , the believers our soldiers . '', 
  there 's also an anglo-dutch amphibious marine landing force ; [ uk/nl landing force ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_marine_corps#uk.2fnl_landing_force ) also outside of a joint us-nato training base in germany there are shared facilities , namely an indoor '' skydive '' training centre and also diving towers and such . 
  [ us advising their citizens not to walk alone in oslo at night . 
  ] ( http://www.thelocal.no/20120118/us-embassy-do-not-walk-alone-in-oslo-at-night ), 
  there is no such thing as a european city or a unified way of excitement or growing up in europe . 
  '' elite '' ? 
  i would describe marsof or kct , being sof , and marines as elite . 
  uploaded on his ` own ' youtube channel . . / r/ruledbynarcissists, 
  no , of true cultural and historical value was the voc and the time of the dutch republic . 
  the only reason we have royalty now is because we liked the napoleon king that ruled us , willem i was said to be a good king , ii and iii not so much and about all other kings and queens after that are not without their scandals ( nazi-alliances , lockheed affair , pseudoscience and interfering with government ) . 
  we ca n't know if they really bring more value than they cost , is germany not doing well despite lack of king ? 
  what is the benefit of having a more expensive king if you can instate a president far cheaper ? 
  why do we need a qatar-based muslim news network under qatari government control bringing this news ? 
  ca n't we have a spanish outlet ? 
  this coming after turkey - under erdogan - called off traditional exercises with the french and israelis a few years ago . 
  why is the eu once again meddling in turkish affairs ? 
  with the current state of affairs i ca n't see turkey joining the eu in some 5 decades nor is there the will to join by the people of europe as well as the general turkish populace ( figures into the 70 % now ) . 
  what about such issues as the german turks with dual citizenship needing to either fulfill compulsory military service of a year or pay the state of turkey a sum of a few thousand euro 's . 
  the eu already suffers the detrimental effect of these unintegrated minorities , has some of them being controlled by shady turkish governmental agencies or even domestically educated in turkish '' gulen '' schools and turkey collects a fair share of those with dual citizenship buying off their service with euro 's . 
  this seems just another leftist hobby spending money into a bottomless well , achieving nothing . 
  meanwhile we have erdogan calling on turks in germany not to integrate or assimilate but to remain turkish , playing on the rampant hyper nationalism . 
  he 's known for such quotes as : '' the mosques are our barracks , the minarets are our bayonets , domes are our helmets '' - and '' democracy is like a train . 
  you take it where you have to go and then you get of '', 
  and get some 7 odd years in lenience and wait to be found guilty only to get some 10 years in jail ? 
  i hope they meet their end , you ca n't change these people . 
  this is just a really mundane advert that a dozen emerging economies have running constantly on cnn , it 's not really good either . 
  the first two were to set the mood in hate-mongering . 
  last one seems adept :  so when they were insolent about that which they had been forbidden , we said to them , `` be apes , despised . '', 
  2:65 5:60 7:166 edit, 
  jews and christians are described as apes and pigs in the quran , it 's more than just a branch of islam . 
  hatred of jews is kind of commonplace my experience dealing with muslim immigrants tells me . 
  [ 75 % of dutch muslims consider those travelling to syria for jihad as hero 's ] ( http://www.volkskrant.nl/vk/nl/2686/binnenland/article/detail/3448325/2013/05/28/driekwart-nederlandse-moslims-vindt-syrie-gangers-helden.dhtml ), 
  [ this post is currently pronto frontpage ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/270o87/frenchman_has_been_arrested_in_marseille_over_a/ ), 
  there have been a number of thwarted attacks last few years , but i ca n't recall attacks being carried out in europe by those who went to syria . 
  we 'll see more of that though , thank the lax governmental response and rule of law for that . 
  and there you have it , the first case of a domestic born-to-immigrants muslim on jihad to syria coming back with weapons training , mental problems and a new network of friends reigning terror in europe . 
  is n't marseille known for it 's very troublesome arab population and increasing crime rate ? 
  i suspect part of the reason the netherlands is highly represented is also because it 's a delta region where water takes a long time to spill out to sea . 
  no , there 's this other / r/europe commenter survey where the polled responded to their political views : close to 50 % leftist , 25 % liberal . 
  then have a look at the frequent polling or see a number of daily op 's that submit ( often highly upvoted ) far-left viewpoints . 
  no , their economic policy is utter shit these days . 
  in fact that is why many intellectual members left the party . 
  yes but aside from that scandal in germany not very active in western europe last few decades especially random killings or terror attacks . 
  there have been a number of thwarted muslim terror attacks last few years in germany , france and belgium . 
  of course those get far less press . 
  strict but lesser so than the netherlands iirc . 
  also a few times around the start of the millenium a few military depots with machine guns were emptied of thousands of rifles . 
  a journalist also made a documentary last year about how she could buy an ak-47 within a day in brussels . 
  the fuck does that work ? 
  how is being a muslim a race ? 
  why is it racism to discuss about the most likely culprit of this attack ? 
  i do n't see how you can bring racism into the conversation that quickly . . of course people think muslims did this , there 's a high probability of that . 
  this is integration , multiculturalism ? 
  this is what i call a fail in that respect , this is parallel societies . 
  both the fact erdogan is popularizing and pulling the strings on germans of turkish origin and having tens of thousands protest - sometimes clash - in a completely different country . 
  . . this really is n't it , as much as some europeans would like to wish it so . 
  i seriously doubt many people were aware , or even cared enough about that alliance to decide not to vote for wilders . 
  in any case this is just a preliminary guess , and with such few seats ( -2 for pvv to 3 ) it can easily turn back to a 4 for example . . 
  he actually had his own media buzz in the netherlands about a remark where he asked the public if they wanted fewer moroccan immigrants . 
  [ schulz is a creepy figure ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=js1t6nxgbpw ), 
  with less than 2 % of dutch people working in agriculture i fail to see how that makes as much an impact . . 
  i once met a young roma fellow in a downtrodden neighborhood in france , century old house completely broken down in two was where they made camp . 
  polluted and stench everywhere , needles . 
  never seen such a sight , the children were filthy and wore filthy clothes with gaps . 
  a pregnant mother staring curiously at what this vacationing family was doing in their remote part ( we took a wrong road ) while smoking . 
  one young boy asked my dad to show him a fifty euro note , he pointed at his own . 
  only years later would i understand my dads rough reaction to this young boy that acted sincere . 
  that 's perhaps the most infuriating and most hateful thing of all ; that they would raise their children like that , employed in their easy tricks and schemes , thievery . 
  often not providing proper care or benefitting from offered solutions like free housing , education . 
  at least this is offered frequently in western countries . 
  that 's far from a tank , infantry fighting vehicle more like . 
  over a week ago . . 
  is n't the whole '' european court of human rights '' somewhat of a farce ? 
  it does n't even have far reaching jurisdiction , and basically only advices or creates for public attention . 
  what 's the fuzz about ? 
  multinational exercises are frequent and annual happenings ; cold response is one of the largest up north . 
  probably dozens happen with differing mission , units , settings and scale throughout europe . 
  staged and cringy . 
  i was just describing wrong or wishful thinking in regards to  europe made a powerful statement , even countries like lithuania , where this sort of thing is frowned upon , voted for her . 
  it 's really silly and naive to think the outcome and scoring of this event is any indication as to what the general populace of a certain country thinks of lgbt people . 
  i do n't mind how or who people love or what they do in their bedroom , i ca n't really stand the flamboyant and exaggerated stereotype behavior , and i was alluring to a vast number of european people that could care less for this politicized and gay event . 
  i can imagine those that frown upon ` this sort of thing ' just do n't care or watch this event . 
  also , scoring is n't exactly fair iirc .
