  all of his points are heavily biased and way too short , but that 's the atmosphere here . 
  yes to some in this group he apparently is , as evidenced by the photos in that article , probably because he has openly made remarks about his desires for islamic-expansionism regarding the ottoman empire or a caliphate . 
   ` the minarets are our bayonets , the mosques are our barracks , the believers are our soldiers ' a direct quote . 
  some think the economic rise of turkish economy is all due to him and his ak party . 
  in addressing germans of turkish descend he called upon to them not to assimilate . 
  you 're right , thanks for mentioning , source mentioned them as muslim countries , gaffed it up . 
   i guess we 're safe ah , but are you ? 
  i read reports about saudi , kuwaiti influence in creating more fundamentalist mosques in bosnia and surroundings . 
  europe 's backyard , stay safe for our sake :p . 
  hizb ut-tharir is calling for one unified khalipate under sharia law . 
  the fact that even 400 people show up for such a protest in a small western country is worrisome to me . 
  it is active in over 40 countries and has mass gatherings in london , they actively try to combat assimilation of muslims or immigrant arabs , they denounce capitalism and democracy as ` godless ' and immoral and want to fight against it . 
  it is even forbidden in a number of arabic countries and pakistan , most poignantly . 
  regarding the situation in denmark , you 'd better ask a dane . 
  my translated version talks about them demonstrating against the slaughtering of muslims in africa and seemingly protesting against lax intervention in their view . 
  * france and other un detachments are on ` peacekeeping ' missions in car , mali etc * violence comes from both sides , in car said to be started by muslim radicals fair enough they 're protesting against mass-killings of people by other people , but in the same breath they 're seemingly advocating for islamic influence and sharia law , accusing france of ` cannibalism ' and the usual colonialism and capitalism accusations . . '' who gives victory ? 
  '' who gives life ? 
  '' who decided rule of law ? 
  islamic writings , iconography of erdogan and other muslim icons , segregation . 
  neatly shows parallel societies rather than integrated minorities or multiculturalism . 
  shame . 
   judge an entire group of people by borderlines i do not . 
  i have made nuanced statements regarding criminal moroccans and high percentages of misdemeanors in those of moroccan descend , you can look up the percentages from cpb reports . 
  i guess if you 're the one that decries racism in every statement critical of the integration , or rather lack thereof , of those of moroccan descent and end discussion there , this country is better off without you . 
  please do tell my mixed moroccan-dutch girlfriend that i 'm a racist piece of shit , that 'll be news to her ear . 
  the sooner they start referring to themselves as dutch people of ` moroccan descend ' ( leftist news hardly does this ) this already helps integration , because they do already have dutch passports . 
  lol no , central europe starts with czech republic . 
  edit : [ or germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe ) depending on certain criteria . 
  . . how do you take that to be racism ? 
  really , how am i judging a whole race ( i 'm talking about nationality and tendencies ) of berbers here ? 
  you want some quotes from a range of politicians regarding troubles in the moroccan community ? 
  or just look at the crime reports , neighborhood watches , opsporing verzocht . 
  how about : i 'm not racist because i 'm not juding people for the color of their skin or their heritage . 
  nowhere did i state that all moroccans are ciminals . 
  also using '' biased science '' to illustrate social sciences is just absurd , it does n't come close to ` real ' science dealing with analysis , empiricism and the like , but i explained my position on that already . 
   you will soon see that the world has stopped believing the myth that the netherlands are so liberal . 
  no , i do n't actually and certainly not from one blogpost out of 2003 during elections , regarding many liberal issues and compared to many other western countries we 're still lax and liberal . 
  really , the narrative of biased news-reports from all those naive leftists channels and news media seems to have taken it 's toll on you . 
  i suggest reading some differing news sources , that 's good for your critical development . 
  perhaps live a few years among immigrants , enjoy new cultures foods but also experience hardships from discriminatory foreigners and their violence . 
  see what life is like outside politician palaces , grachtengordels and places like wageninen with a nimby attitude . 
   it 's just you and your fellow subhuman filthy lesser pvv-beings . 
  how quickly you got to show your true colors , and then some people are calling pvv voters nazi 's . 
  also : i do n't even vote pvv or particularly like their mps and leader wilders . 
   i would argue with you , but meh , do n't think it 's useful . 
  no , instead you fall to ad hominems and want censorship , want to see racism where it is not . 
   only an hour ago you discarded social sciences and two news sources , and then you proceeded to talk about the ` traditionally na\u00efve left wing i feel stupider for reading this , i did not discard it , i voiced my opinion and said it 's very open to external influence and personal bias . 
  also i do not consider merkel that naive anymore , i explained that  filthy pvv  warped world view solid argument all around , all those that do n't agree to yours have the warped one . 
  i guess i can find another warp drive world in your comment history . 
   both retarded and racist ( . . ) astonishing to read , really . 
  i guess you should inform my turkish , kurdish and chinese friends . 
  i ca n't see where you got that from , but i guess you need to feel better by placating silly truisms . 
  sorry , are you accusing me of racism when i 'm clearly talking about other issues involving nationalism and my own experiences/general tendency regarding the troublesome moroccan-descended population ? 
  in that case : do you have a plate in front of your head or is it just the eagerness to fall to ad-hominems by denouncing everything that you ca n't discuss or agree with as racism , the low-effort truism ? 
  * bad parenting and a bad situation at home from lowly ( or not at all ) educated parents , a lot with conservative views and a perpetuating cycle of the fact their parents were lowly educated , sheep farmers to put it crude . 
  * leads to lagging behind in school , already starting in elementary . 
  * emphasis on unifying group behavior , regarding clothing brands and behaviors , way of speaking . 
  the moroccan immigrant group as a whole should be in it 's own category of ` remarkably ' , given the vast percentages active in crimes , fraud and unemployment . 
  discrimination is simply too lame of a '' white guilt '' cop-out excuse to whitewash all that . 
  fact is about all other large immigrant groups do far better , especially so after multiple generations . 
  and the moroccan group 's youths are actually showings signs of radicalizing and following more extreme versions of islam . 
  there is an exception among some females , increasingly becoming better educated . 
  but once again we can see the bias in the left-wing media making it out to be far bigger than it was reported to be . 
  wish-washing i call it . 
  another brim-reality : long time groenlinks leftist leader and feminist pulled her children from a '' zwarte school '' in favor of a more '' witte school '' in fear of her children lagging behind because of the immigrants . 
  that 's in a city where less than 50 % are dutch natives . 
  most poignantly we now observe chosen electives mainly in the labor party that appear more loyal to morocco , and meet with imams and the king of morocco . 
  people are even creating posters in moroccan , rather than dutch and these people are increasingly voting for moroccan politicians , even to the point where some parties are wondering what to do with this issue and a lot of under-qualified newcomers . 
  i guess that 's their freedom , but it shows the lack of integration and them voting along moroccan lines of conservatism , islamism . 
  then , regarding social sciences like the scp : i do not consider them on same-footing with other annual reports from other ministries . 
  sociology is simply devoid of any empiricism like we can see in the economical activities reported by epb from which you can deduce far more . 
  sociology is open to far more personal bias and influences . 
  it 's also easy to see conflicts of interest and '' brand-loyalty '' [ in some of the persons running such bureaus ] ( http://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_schnabel ) . 
  though i guess that 's more conspiracy material . 
   it is exactly the antagonistic viewpoint of people like you that drives a wedge between the autochton and the allochton population that hampers the integration of autochtons . 
  yes , harsh words in response to increasing crime and wrongdoings by a failed immigrant group are clearly what 's wrong here . 
  their refusal to integrate and other parties reluctance to tackle the issues or even naming the group responsible is what causes large gains in pvv seats . 
  well , he did pay for a study from what 's said to be an independent , prestigious english think-tank which said it was '' doable '' and he 's pointing to norway and switzerland doing well without both . 
  of course those are totally different countries , and we rely far more on our exports to european countries but there 's a certain tendency among some people that it would be better with our '' gulden '' back . 
  plus , some people think rightly/wrongly that we give to the eu more than that we profit from it , and with all the billions going to bail-outs , that 's easy bait for wilders to accuse the labour/liberal ministers every time when they have to come back on their promises that we would see '' every penny returned with interest '' from greece , cyprus . 
  '' the social sciences '' aka the confirmation bias sciences . 
  i bet you watch nos and read volkskrant too now ? 
  the netherlands is still one of the most tolerant and accepting nations . 
  it 's sad that the moroccan image has been so tarnished by their lack of integration , violent youths and scape-goating by community members , not looking inwards but accusing others ; like you are doing now . 
  we 're effectively seeing the emergence of parallel societies rather than intended multicultural ones , and with the rise of differing right-wing parties all over europe even the traditionally naive left is now admitting to just that . 
  merkel for example has done so last year . 
  i should mention that over 75 % of male moroccan-descendant youths have been in contact with the justice department for crimes committed . 
  did n't you read the tweet ? 
  apparently he has an endl\u00f6sung . . 
  but seriously , he 's very popular among the students , elderly for not supporting reforms and cut-backs in healthcare , tougher on crime . 
  tougher on crimes from immigrant groups which seems to be burked by all other parties . 
  and partly he thinks stepping out of the eu and possibly abandoning the euro would be a better economic solution . 
  i believe their reasoning was that constructing such large plans would come at the costs of the indigenous taxpayer and increasingly makes for less jobs for those with dutch passport . 
  whilst a lot of the eastern europeans are just temporary laborers , who work hard and live in relatively shitty conditions cramped with sometimes a dozen people in a small apartment on their own accord so they can live better in eastern europe . 
  plus , free market , tewk ewr jerbs . 
  what discrimination ? 
  they get offered the same chances , education and are equal in the eyes of the law as any dutchman . . 
  `` i say that because ( moroccans ) are heavily overrepresented in criminality and welfare dependency , '' he said . 
  that 's reasonable concerning criminal moroccans , i 'd rather we 'd be speaking in terms of '' of moroccan descent '' for those non violent ones . 
  sadly a lot in this group hardly considers themselves dutch and it is as he said heavily overrepresented in violent crimes , fraud and thievery .
