  i wonder when will france ask the people in their colonies about sovereignty ... britain was n't obliged to do so and yet they carried out this vote , same as with scotland and according to legal system . 
  i do n't see any change in rhetorics here . 
  the weird thing is to ignore that and propose some negotiations with another state about the fate of the people which they 've decided already . 
  what is the purpose of that ? 
  downvote all you wants , but corbyn is just another lefty nut and as a such he values more his utopic ideas than the interests of people or the country . 
  did putin send his congratulations already ? 
  except that this penisula was invided before , occupied and de facto annexed by another state against every possible international or bilateral agreement . 
  you see the difference ? 
  this is normal in poland , demonstrations are usually small and peacefull . 
  considering that i 'd say that 7.000 is quite a bit , espeically if authorites tried to ban it and obviously nobody was promoting that in mainstream medias . 
  also , it 's usuall that in the lefty protests majority are politicians , celebrities , activists or journalists and i can bet it was the same in this case . 
   stop spreading spanish-nationalist propaganga loled, 
  the name of spain ( espa\u0144a ) comes from roman province hispania . 
  it 's still hiszpania in polish . 
  leon , despite its name , comes not from any lion , but from a legion , i can only guess that castille is becouse of castles . 
  mind that kremlin put big money into german edition of rt and other german speaking news or youtube channels , all of them pretending to be somehow `` underground '' . 
  they 're exploiting quite popular anti americanism , which is the only ideological leftover of the soviet `` empire '' . 
  i guess they quickly forgot about divided germany and difference between brd and ddr . 
  thanks , you could also try the original source . 
  this is nothing new for me , not just becouse i 'm following stratfor , it 's actually just another chapter from our long history in this lovely neighborhood . 
  friedman was also writing in his book that wwiii is going to be between turkey and poland , so ... anyways , despite the outrage and insults here , i have quite a positive opinion about germans and still i hope they will understand what kind of a danger is russia . 
  i hardly doubt they 'd like to share a border with them , again . 
  error 404 . 
  yea , i think that [ poland is your biggest trading partner in eastern europe ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/poland-now-germanys-most-important-trade-partner-in-eastern-europe/a-17463227 ) . 
  you can buy the same resources from reliable and peacefull norway , but you wants to save a buck by sucking a pipe of a regime which is thretening whole europe with its nukes , sponsors nationalist and anti eu political movements and most of all violates international agreements and runs its proxy war at our border . 
  you 're another clueless arrogant . 
  i 've said it already that we 're constructing lng port , it will be finished in the next year and it 's going to replace 80 % of russian gas imports . 
  we both know they ca n't make the same money with china . 
  i see no reason why always we need to improove relations with kremlin when it 's doing the exact opposite . 
  you may know nothing about it , but our current gov opened borders for kaliningrad , allowed russians to study here and send the americans with thier abm away . 
  in return we get constant embargos , ballistic missiles on our border and provocative manoeuvres with belarus which scenarios included crackdown of polish minority or nuclear attack on warsaw ... russia is already a breeding ground for extremism and nationalism , it simply hates everything that the `` west '' stands for and you 're just naive to belive that we can appease them . 
  every concession from our side is viewed as a weakness and is exploited . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  we do n't control yamal pipeline , it 's a company europol gaz in which we have 48 % shares and we do n't take any transit fees . 
  when was poland `` meddling '' in other countries or `` blackmailing '' germany ? 
  do as you wish , but do n't expect our applause or `` solidarity '' , which you 're just trying to force on us under pathetic threats . 
  edit :  who 's stopping you ? 
  you are . 
  the nord stream is blocking access to the lng port in \u015awinouj\u015bcie for bigger tankers . 
  your `` enviromental '' policies are forcing us to close the mines and buy russian coal becouse of their dumping and we need to pay the highest prices for gas in europe becouse eu guards only your interests . 
  most of imports ( about 80 % ) is crude oil and i agree that we should find alternative sources , which does n't mean that extending dependence on russia is a good thing . 
  i do n't see a reason why should n't i criticise it . 
  ... we do n't want europe to sponsor the russian army . 
  quit this arrogant bullshit . 
  somehow lithuania and poland wants to buy lng instead of sponsoring russian army , it 's just about the lower prices or simply corruption like it was with schroeder . 
  you 're screwing the whole region hand in hand with moscow , just like it always was . 
  fuck you, 
   the situation is similar in poland . 
  only 50-60 % ( depends on a year ) of our gas supplies comes from russia and soon it will be much less . 
  poland takes no transit fees for yamal ... 
  the problem is that your companies would loose money if they 'd look for alternative sources insterad of sponsoring the russian arms race . 
  we can manage , do n't worry , but ukraine is screwed . 
   had nordstream landed in gdansk we do n't want to sponsor the agressive , militarist regime at the european borders . 
  poland is looking for alternative sources since many years and constructs lng port which could replace up to 80 % of russian supplies . 
  it will be operational the next year and later its capacity will be expanded . 
  no , i think they somehow bypassed these to earn thier $ at the cost of europe 's dependence on russia . 
  nothing is settled yet about this retarded idea of `` refugee '' quotas , our `` problem '' are ukrainian migrants ( 408.000 applied for work visas this year ) and you 're just stabbing them in a back . 
  there 's over a 1,3 million idp in ukraine and soon they 'll start knocking at our door . 
  we 'll manage on our own , soon the lng port will cover 1/3 of our needs and already we 're getting half of our gas from alternative sources . 
  we 're not going to pay for the growing army of a hostile regime . 
  sanctions prohibits exports of certain oil and gas related equipement , technologies , services and restricts the access of russian state owned companies to eu sources of capital . 
  i guess you had to bypass these restrictions somehow ... 
  this is going to be another pipe on baltic , after the one constructed by your corrupted chancellor . 
  you 're not fooling anybody , it is related to politics . 
  is it the european `` solidarity '' that germans are talking about recently ? 
  yeah , i wanted to mention that it 's the same melody as `` hey slavs '' . 
  it used to be also the anthem of slovakia in wwii and wiki says that 's still unofficial second anthem . 
  no offence , but i prefere the polish tune becouse it 's much more dynamic . 
  actually the anthem of ukraine has quite similar lirics , at least the part `` ukraine has not yet perished '' . 
  ok , but i do n't see anybody complaining about you , or some organisations , asking mps to consider some opinion . 
   religion and state should be separate they are , which does n't mean that religious people should be separated and not allowed to express their opinions or not to be represented in politics . 
  i do n't agree with them in many points , i 'm not religiouns , but the way that lefty radicals treat these people is just discrimination . 
  you 're a fanatic and a hypocrite . 
  you wants freedom of speech and `` meddling '' in politics just for yourselve and the ones you agree with and to discriminate the ones you disagree with or just hates and insults them ... 
  typical lefty `` tolerantion '' . 
  except that england was n't forced to do so by some `` powers '' , one of which created and armed an artificial etchnic conflict . 
  i agree this is wrong , no matter that britain is not as peacefull as you picture it , but your comparation is absolutelly wrong . 
  depends on the origin of that property . 
  there 's no more ussr and russaia ca n't just take property and lands beyond its border , not even in the former soviet `` republics '' . 
  that 's a different thing , they can be contiuators of whatever they want , but the sucessor states are the former members of that `` union '' . 
  these were the soviet `` republics '' , members of the `` union '' , the same like rfssr was ( russian federation soviet socialist republic ) . 
  i know . 
  the same thing happend to countles castles , palaces and manor houses . 
  they 've destroyed gda\u0144sk even if it was n't any `` festung '' and there was almost no opposition to red army . 
  i agree that 's dangerous and germany will pay for its `` open minded '' policies with crime rate and etchnic conflicts . 
  i just say that 's not so simple as you picture it and switzerland is a one of examples . 
  i doubt that 's the case of any country and i do n't mean just the immigrants . 
  you can get mugged or beaten by the locals as well , so maybe the point is to move to a city which is just safe . 
  actually switzerland has the biggest % of foreign citizens in europe . 
  russia was obliged by the riga peace treaty in 1921 to return the artworks and manuscripts stolen during partitions . 
  you can imagine how much they gave back ... 
  it was the same during the `` liberation '' in 1939 and 1945 , even recently there was some case of a painting which was discovered in some american gallery , `` owned '' by some soviet soldier . 
  according to the ministry of culture and national heritage , about 63,000 objects stolen during wwii are still missing . 
  and so is ukraine or belarus . 
   compensated by poland and why should poland compensate them if it was occupied ? 
  this guy makes no sense , it 's just gold fever . 
  so what do you expect him to do in these few days ? 
  he have n't said that and i see it rather the opposite way , the pm is literally begging for a meeting of national summit bureau for no apprent reason just to show the lack of cooperation that you and the lefty massmedias are talking about . 
  he was meeting with the ministers that he should cooperate with , defence and foreign relations . 
  the latter one clearly undermined president 's position before the visit in germany and criticised him for the same opinions that fm had a while ago .
