  poland was n't the nicest place for ukrainians then , but noone was killing them or stealing their food so they 'd just starve to death . 
  it all depends on settings and requirements set by our ministry of defence , i know for sure that apache is the strongest , but maybe it 's just too much for our needs ( and too expensive ) . 
  since we 're most probably getting those transport helicopters from france i think it 's not necessary to get more ( for political reasons ) and augusta could give some extra work in its polish factory for servicing , so `` mangusta '' ( t-129 ) sounds like a reasonable choice . 
  oh come on , not that bullshit about `` russophoby '' again . 
  just because many people dislike the regime of putin it doens ' t make them hate oridinary people ... tbh turkish politics are also quite criticised here and all is for a reason . 
  becasue the russian sanctions are ridiculous , banning food is all they could afford . 
  you have n't heard about it , but since many years they were setting and lifting embargos on polish food so nobody was even suprised here and the exports got actually better since the other markets are far more valuable . 
  to be honest , since russia has none of very little standartds , the food exported there was the worst quality crap . 
  i guess , as i 've said also we have augusta westland factory so servicing should n't be a problem . 
  i would n't be so sure , currently we 're getting about 70 long range tactical transport helicopters `` caracal '' from airbus even if we have a factory of sikorsky and `` black hawk '' was a strong competitior . 
  caracal is just better and france also promises to build a factory , but some says that was just ... corruption . 
  not sure , anyway it 's not as easy as you say . 
  i 'm not making decissions . 
  i know it 's just easy to say , but i thought rather about fighting them in syria and iraq since that 's their powerbase and source of income . 
  yes , we 're going to purchase 30-32 attack helicopters by 2018 or earlier . 
  besides of t-129 / mangusta there 're apache and tiger airbus competing for the contract . 
  apache is the strongest , but the most expensive one . 
  pity we do n't make such helicopters anymore even if we have factories of sikorsky and augusta , i think [ this was the last ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhn37fy2hzc ) of our own designs , but it 's a multirole helicopter . 
  agreed , i always thought that turkey is overlooked and kinda ignored in our politics , but it does n't mean that we need a bilateral military alliance . 
  no offence , but i 'm kinda suspicious about your politics and the issue of kurds and daesh , i think we should support france even if that means tolerating assad and russia . 
  ok , i really like turkey , but ... what for such an alliance ? 
  nato is far stronger . 
  if we have any common ( i gues ) interests in the region it 's to defend georgia from russian influences and we failed already . 
  i guess ukraine is like in between our countries , separated just by the black sea , so i guess it 's also in our interest to keep it out of kremlin hands . 
  we have alliance already . 
  great game  playing poland is like a nightmare , if germany is not attacking then it 's russia , or both at once , but still you can kick their butt pretty hard . 
  i know it 's far away from britain , but we 're bordering ukraine and russia . 
  we ca n't just ignore their behavior . 
  anyway our army has alot of outdated equipement , navy is a barely floating museum and it should be upgraded sooner or later . 
  i agree , but most of all we need to be albe to service this equipement and keep it operational so we need technology . 
  thanks , i used to listen to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/defencejournalist/about ) vlogger , he seems to be honest and well informed , but i may be just an ignorant . 
  read about modernisation of the polish army . 
  the move is so `` populist '' that i 've heard nothing about it in the massmedias , but anyway it seems that 100.000-120 .000 personel is too little for a country of this size . 
  you have a point . 
  and there 's another one in spain and italy , but those are short and medium range * defensive * systems . 
  there was no cooperation with russia to begin with , so i have no idea what was cancelled . 
   previous promises again this bullshit ... look , there was no such agreement , not even any serious discussion about it . 
  it 's just gorbachev who says that he heard such words at some party . 
  some of the arms , radars and more tech is polish , not sure about engines . 
  in 2010 donald raised vat , but it was because of excessive deficite and just for a one year , of course he lied as usually . 
  anyway , it 's not related to military spendings . 
  btw . 
  how much is poor russia spending for military ? 
  4 or 6 % of their gdp ? 
  yanks are coming ... yeah . 
  yes , but it 's incapable of constructing submarines ( will be ordered from germany or france ) , upgrading its tanks ( germany refused to sell technology for leopards 2a4 ) and long range tactical helicopters will be ordered from airbus even if we have factories of sikorsky and augusta . 
  at least we 've made minehunter [ orp `` kormoran '' ] ( http://www.legendamorska.pl/typo3temp/pics/kormorani_e78fc55011.jpg ) and patrol boat [ orp '' \u015al\u0105zak '' ] ( http://fyr.blox.pl/resource/slazak_.jpg ) . 
  several ships like that will be constructed in few years . 
  that 's just a theory , or excuse , impossible to proove . 
  anyway , it does n't change the results and if the `` idealists '' just do n't bother to vote , despite the massive propaganda , then maybe they just are n't serious about their `` ideals '' . 
  in poland the turnout of elections is usually quite little , but when it comes to ep elections it 's just pathetic . 
  you may have a point here since a one ( really ) anti eu party got several meps in previous elections and they 're cooperating with fn . 
  still , this is something marginal , seriously strong parties cooperate with cdu ( po ) or torys ( pis ) . 
  since 2009 there 's no conscription in polish army . 
  those are just professionals at now , at least in theory . 
  in theory poland has 120.000 active personel , but in reality many units do n't have their full capacity . 
  the previous gov `` reformed '' the army , resigned from conscription but it was a mess , at least for some time . 
  suddently they discovered that a war in region is a possibility and rapidly started to spend billions on equipement , it 's just a next step and i do n't think that about 150.000 is too much as for a country of this size . 
  what irony ? 
  you really do n't get it ? 
  people elected their representatives , not just a one , unless you mean president and i 'm really sorry if you do n't like them , but that 's the `` people power '' , democracy . 
  my opinions are irrelevant here . 
  except that nationalists are even less popular , few of them got to the parliament but just becasue they joined kukiz . 
  massmedias are full of internationalists and there 're several promoted parties , but the major ones tries to appeal to the public and do n't scare them . 
  that 's just your bold interpretation . 
  i do n't see anything like that in these articles . 
  fat chance , lsd was replaced by po as the main opponent of conservatives and i do n't see replacement for pis anywhere around . 
  anyway , still i 'm quite sure that if we follow this tradition then nowicka should n't be a chairman and a club of zp or whatever should have a one . 
  zsl was refused it for obvious reason , the ruling party needs to have some stable majority also in this body . 
  you should n't let it affect you . 
  thanks . 
  eh i do n't have to be elected to know the results of elections . 
  it 's really simple , people votes for some parties and their policies , that 's called democracy . 
  sure , look up in pkw . 
  still , president can just ignore them . 
  dude , i 'm clearly sarcastic . 
  so the new act was passed and also sent to tribunal . 
  nowicka was representing nobody when she defected from the club . 
  in 2002 pis could n't get a vice chairman , but samooborona got it , if you really need to `` spin '' it the way that just elected party can have such a position . 
  oh , like i care about downvotes , 
  too little , but still far bigger than the one for opinion polls . 
  does n't work , not even greeks wants to get out of eu and as far as i know that 's the only way out . 
  for some reason there was n't a survey asking exactly about federation , but since elections have much bigger participation and the far left , internationalist parties gets up to 7 % then i 'd say this is the number of poles who supports this idea . 
  ... the people elected this `` eurosceptic '' goverment and that 's what we 're talking about . 
  i do n't use facebook . 
  so it says that the judges are obliged to swear an oath , not that the president has to take it . 
  not sure about such details , but were n't they all elected after the `` coup '' of the previous gov ? 
  i guess you ca n't tell me which two of them are controvercial . 
  fine , then i guess it would be allright to choose an independent deputy speaker or someone from the german minority instead of a member of zsl . 
  anyway , you was obviously wrong to say that this is some extraoridinary practice , not to mention the accusations of manipulating . 
  another brilliant comment . 
  i 've heard the same pathetic excuses when the other party won elections , just from another side . 
  it 's funny how people ca n't stand the reality when they 're on the loosing side , not to mention the fanatics incapable of facing any kind of criticism towards eu . 
  you 're laughtable . 
  so why is that flag such an issue here ? 
  i should be more specyfic . 
  eu was about to have a common economic policy , but not internal or foreign , not even fiscal . 
  it changed alot since we joined ten years ago and already it was far from the original project . 
  yeah , except that it 's not about the politics of previous gov in regard of eu and recent case of so called `` refugees '' and their quotas did n't helped . 
  the support for eu was never in question here , just the `` importance '' of some flag and as i 've said , the people cares about much different things .
