  i can link some surveys about common currency if you really wants , but i guess you knows the results already . 
  as long as it serves the interests of its members instead of enforcing some ideologic inventions and artificial identity you may call it whatever you like . 
  o'rly ? 
  show me the point in which it says that president ** have to ** take an oath from anybody . 
  since the parliament decides what 's legal ... actually this kind of things should be in constitution to prevent a regular majority from meddling with it . 
  ok , but still they were elected together , with the new law . 
  now , tell me which two of these five judges were appointed before the terms of their predecessors finished ? 
  what manipulation ? 
  each and every deputy has a mandate , it 's not finishing when they change the club . 
  since nobody asks about some eu flag i 'm assuming that not even the polling companies cares . 
  you know as well as i do what kind of issues are important for the people , but if you [ insist ] ( http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1342,title,sondaz-cbos-89-proc-polakow-popiera-czlonkostwo-polski-w-ue,wid,16563749,wiadomosc.html ) ... allright , but still the foregin relations or the position of poland in eu is a matter of debates and campaigns . 
  it 's not the only , but surely a one of the most important issues . 
  not sure about that , but if they 're not sweared it , they 're not judges yet . 
  they accused this law to the tribunal , the problem is that the same judges would decide their own fate , not to mention that they would do it in about a year . 
  now they say it 's possible in december ... five judges were elected in accordiance to the new law , so all of them are controvercial , but i guess they are n't just `` pals '' of po , right ? 
  besides , why the previous gov , together with tribunal and some controvercial judge tuleja were working on their chapter in secret ? 
  it was publiched just becouse the main administrative court ordered them to do so . 
  zp , sp or whatever . 
  12 members of sp and 3 of pr gives ... ? 
  if nowicka left her club , then she should left her office , but the ruling parties still supported her when it was voted . 
  either you 're manipulating , or just quickly forgetting the previous cadention . 
  we spoke about it , you know my opinion . 
  first time i read about extending the number of judges to 20 , the idea is to extend the so called `` full lineup '' from 9 to 11 , but it does n't change their number in tribunal . 
  the previous gov also changed the law to elect the judges before elections . 
  as for ther deputy speakers , it was done in almost every cadention , previously the club of sp was left without deputy speaker , but there was still some nowicka representing nobody . 
  sure . 
  oh forgive me if i missed the word `` majority '' . 
  do you know any opinion polls to back up your claims about the polish diaspora ? 
  or are you just assuming ( like many leftys ) that every polish migrant fled the country becouse of political reasons ? 
  according to the previous gov and its blind supporeters who excused exactly the same or worse actions . 
  i do n't like everything they 've done , but it 's absolutelly understandable and in line with already established `` standards '' . 
  all of them are hypocrites and they whined the same in opposition , the only difference is that they were ridiculed . 
  sure , alot of people on reddit . 
  just face the reality , internationalists and euro onanists are a little minority in poland . 
  yeah , if just they would really * `` throw money around and beat on the opposition '' * . 
  so far i failed to notice anything like that , but maybe that 's becouse the new gov is in charge since about a week . 
  the question was why the poles supports eu and still elects an euro `` sceptic '' gov so excuse me if i 'm referring to the opinion polls and elections . 
  i can also add that the majority of poles is against monetary union . 
  i 'm trying . 
  you could try and point out my mistakes if you have nothing else to say . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  very funny , but since you said that we 're just taking and giving nothing in return , then i gave you example to proove you worng . 
  so what else it is when some german or austrian politicians threten us to cut the funds if we do n't support blindly their ideas ? 
  nobody would notice these few thousand migrants , especially if we took tens of thousands chechens and hundrets of thousands ukrainians . 
  many parishes answered to the call of pope and prepared resources , accomodation and even jobs for the `` refugees '' , poland as a state is obliged by un to consider asylum applications , but ... they do n't want to come here !, 
  the idea to force the migrants into some country is absolutelly unfair especially for those people who were at first invited to germany . 
  also , we contributed some 40 bln $ to the fiscal compact , for example . 
  our developement was faster before we joined eu , but it 's another story . 
  the funds are used mostly for infrastructure and often abused , it 's improoving the standard of life , but not necessary the gdp growth . 
  open market and private investments are far more important . 
  sounds pretty rational that a national gov takes care of its duties and represents the national interests . 
  it 's not contradictonary to eu interests , especially if we 're a member state so a part of this organisation , but when it does n't serve the interests of its members , it should be opposed and criticised . 
  the eu flag is a simbolic of this organisation and we 're talking about the gov meetings , not eu or international summits . 
  ... do n't try to blackmail me with the money , we 're contributing to the $ compact and bailing out countries like portugal . 
  we 're taking eu funds just like portugal was , but at least we have stable and developing economy . 
  i 'm not so much convinced , considering the debts , but most of all about the way those money are spent . 
  it 's also just a temporary situation and most of govs have short sighted politics , not considering the situation in which we 're going to be net contributors . 
  neither do i , but i just hate it when people tell us to shut up becouse we 're getting eu funds . 
  recently i 've heard enough of arrogant threats from european leaders trying to blackmail us with these money just to enforce this idea of `` quotas '' . 
  it means that they 're supporting eu , but not when it 's working against our interests or identity . 
  or , like i 've said , it 's just for show , propaganda and this gesture with the flags is like that , meaningless and just for show . 
  front ? 
  anyway , this party was strongly advocating for eu acession , they negotiated and signed lisbon treaty even if it was criticised . 
  unfortunatelly eu changed alot since we joined it ten years ago and i do n't really care if every criticism is labelled as euro `` scepticism '' . 
  oh fuckow , why do n't you complain about spain or greece ? 
  it 's not like poland got the idea of eu funds and since you 're giving money away , we 'd be fools to not take it . 
  besides , that 's a little fraction of our own gdp and the local govs are getting in terrible debts just to absorb these funds . 
  that 's not an answer for my question . 
  the thing you was saying was * `` even now in the very nationalistic government they are a fringe group '' * , now you 're just making poor excuses since even you knows how ridiculous this accusation is . 
  actually i was talking about the people in poland . 
  there were some ridiculously skewed surveys made by some eurobarometer in which most of poles wanted some `` federation '' , but both , the local surveys and elections prooves otherwise . 
  in contrary to some paranoid comments , the new gov is not euro `` sceptic '' at all , they just put national interests over the internationalist ideology , or it 's just for show . 
  so who and how can kick out a member state from eu ? 
  becouse the people do n't care about some eu flag or `` identity '' , the people are for common market , freedom of trade and movement . 
  nobody , except for a pack of loonatics , wants any political union , not to mention some federation . 
  so what else was doing the previous gov ? 
  i think we should , at least to show our support to france becouse i hardly doubt that air strikes will have any significant effect . 
  the problem with afghanistan and iraq was that there was no local force or authority to replace the previous regimes and occupation or `` democratic '' goverments could n't fill that gap . 
  as for syria or libya , the local opposition prooved to be weak and divided which resulted in civil wars . 
  it would be far better just to tolerate the previous regimes , but now it 's too late . 
  i do n't know much about the current situation of assad , but i 'm sure he 's still more capable than the fsa which is supported by the `` west '' or kurds , which are concerned just about their own interests and their regions . 
  not to mention that turkey will never support them . 
  me too , but something has to be done and if poland does n't want france to collaborate with russia ( and assad ) , we need to aid them . 
  not to mention that we 're partly responsible for the mess in iraq . 
  we have some airforce and maybe it would be just decent to help our allies instead of complaining that they do n't help us , which is also bullshit . 
  fare ? 
  i do n't get you . 
  and i 've asked if you 're nuts . 
  so , if you insists that there 're some `` antisemites '' in this `` very right wing '' gov then i 'm asking for their names . 
  nevermind if you confused it with local goverments or just parliament , i want some examples , not empty accusations . 
  send in troops and occupy it just like in afghanistan and iraq , becouse that worked so well ... 
  since we invaded iraq there 's ongoing sectarian war between shia and sunni muslims , the `` democratic '' gov has no power , nor authority and nobody wants any `` democracy '' in there . 
  so what if americans gave iraq billions $ worth equipement if half of their army just defected to the `` caliphate '' ? 
  lets face it , no matter how bad saddam , assad or gadaffi are or were , what comes after them is far worse . 
  what about those `` antisemites '' in the current gov ? 
  i 've never said that , but as for that anti `` zionist '' campaign that was just and only about the far left regime . 
  and a one more thing to add ... 
  when a one weekly magazine `` wprost '' revealed the tapes with recorded politicians ( all of the medias got them , but only one published ) their office was raided by an agency of internal security or watever , an anti terrorist unit and the reporters were forced to give their laptops and pendrives . 
  even some of the `` correct '' journalists were shocked , but soon started to excuses their beloved authorities as usually and together attacking that paper . 
   even now in the very nationalistic government they are a fringe group .
