  get real , emotions and opinions of / r/europe are not representative for europe and most of member states and if you know some opinion polls showing major support for `` federation '' then i 'd like to see that . 
  so what was the plan of eu for secession of uk ? 
  as for now i see only a bunch of childish arrogants offended that someone does n't want to play with them anymore , so they 're going to take the toys , spit on the brits and kick them out of sandbox asap ... 
  do n't listen to these fools . 
  uk is in europe as it always was and i hope we can keep civil or even friendly relations despite everything , at least i know our gov will respect your choice even if it hurts poland quite a lot . 
  absolutelly , i agree with every word . 
  i can only add that the `` establishment '' has to learn it , they need to abandon some unpopular policies and back off from centralising power . 
  the real problem is that too many competences were given to brussiels without any real benefits for the members states or people which just does n't feel represented . 
  no matter if eu is guilty of some problems or if it 's just a scape goat , when it has power over the national goverments it has also responsibility and it fails to solve any issue . 
  this is a wake up call , the anti eu opposition is rising and you ca n't just ignore it or whine but most of all you have to back off from this centralisation and federalisation lunacy before it will destroy the union we have or used to have . 
  dude , do n't let a pack of nuts and sore losers ruin your opinion about whole countries . 
  i wish we will keep cooparation in nato and other international organisations , not to mention trade , if eurocrats are commited to revange and harming uk as much as they can then they 'll harm eu the same . 
  it 's just some emotional reaction and hopefully they 'll come back to their senses in few days or weeks . 
  i hardly doubt it , these people just do n't see anything wrong about their policies or rhetorics . 
  britain was actually not a part of schengen area , the movement was restricted and the problem is not about that but rather abaut inability of greece and italy to secure their borders and unwillingness of european leftists to do it at all and execute the law . 
  i 'm still pro eu but i feel like these internationalist loonatics are just destroying everything and radicalising opposite extreme . 
  they thinks that `` more integration '' is the one and only answer for every issie and they do n't see that this is the problem for many . 
  how ? 
  seeing the furious and irrational reaction of internationalists i 'd not be surprised if they ban referendums and eurosceptic parties ... 
  they just do n't get why anti eu opposition is rising and they do n't even care what people thinks . 
  the people voted against current eu more than against ukraine , they 've had no other way to express it . 
  the `` elites '' ca n't ignore the people forever , preventig referendums or representation ca n't be a long time strategy . 
  of course , it 's still a shock and i guess you know how much it can affect our country , diaspora and even the ruling party ( torys are in ecr ) . 
  this is more than just `` venting '' , the same kind of `` arguments '' you could hear all the time , i remember even few days ago germans and french literally thretening britain with harsh consequences of leaving eu . 
  everyone will be affected by this voting , old and young , women and men and not just in britain but it ca n't excuse bashing some group of people for voting the `` wrong '' way , in this case it 's just ageism . 
  i do n't think eu was ever in such a bad shape in every way and most of all , the people are becoming `` eurosceptic '' , even majority of spaniards wants out , the same danish and dutch and a big part of sweden or france . 
  it ca n't be ignored , banning referendums and isolating anri eu parties with some strange pro eu coalitions is not the solution . 
  we 'll see how it goes but i 'm really getting pesymistic about the future of eu . 
  yes , of course demonization and negative campaign is just a part of democratic game but the leftists are supposed to be better , `` elightened '' and not at all populist ... also there 's a major difference , politicians are fighting each other and that 's what they do , but attacking people , voters ? 
  this arrogance is not just wrong but also counter productive , foolish . 
  it was no less a big deal before referendum , if they ignored and ridiculed it then they 're even dumber than that . 
  anyway just look around , even on / r/europe you have the top links about how british are dumb , how old people are bad or how to dismantle and harm uk ... only one renzi dares to be a bit self critical and think about changing eu from inside . 
  how can i be optimistic if i 'm pro eu but anti `` federalist '' ? 
  bashing poland and interfering into its internal problems is a minor issue but for sure it did n't helped to convince brits that they 're partners in an union and not the subject of centralised burecratic machine . 
   hopefully the eurocrats will stop sleepwalking . 
  i 'd like to be as optimistic as you are . 
  wow , the only major eu member state leader which is able to admit the fault on our side . 
  ufortunatelly all the others are self righterous arrogants frustrated about british people and goverment . 
  i disagree about schengen , we just need to protect the external borders and actually execute laws instead of ignoring them and tolerating criminals . 
  i have exactly the same opinion . 
  the arrogance of leftists works against them and when they fail then there 's anger and frustration about the institution of referendum , `` stupid old people '' , foolish cameron and evil eurosceptics ... literally everything 's wrong except them , their `` elites '' and ideology . 
  now all they thinks about is how to get `` revenge '' on uk , destabilise it , separate scotland , northern ireland or gibraltar , kick them out immidieatelly , block trade or harm it in every possible way . 
  wow , that 's a big and nasty strawman you have in there . 
  i just say that the `` populists '' knows the people better and knows how to get to them while the `` elites '' sits in their ivory towers , scratch each others backs and whine about the `` baddies '' . 
  then please explain it instead of lebelling them or insulting and complaining ... 
  the numbers are not too complicated but too boring and either you ca n't exaplin it to convince the `` stupid voters '' or you 're just wrong . 
  he did what he promised , a rare example of a honorable politician . 
  exactly , the same people will blame the voters , some `` right wing populists '' or everybody around except for their beloved establishment and eu which are perfect by definition . 
  i 'm sure that this arrogant attitude and threats convinced millions to vote remain ... 
  as i 've said , most of politicians are like that , it 's just working for their electorate and that 's what matters in democracy . 
  and what are the other parties ? 
  i was rather referring to the majority of epp which turned out to be rather moderate `` progressives '' than `` conservatives '' but most of all just cynical opportunists without any backbone or ideology . 
  what else if not populism is fearmongering about `` fascism '' and appearing as some special `` elites '' or `` experts '' ? 
  lol what ? 
  nobody cares about a bunch of `` seculars '' . 
  it 's not , we suspended it also for euro 2012 in poland / ukraine , now it will be suspended again for world youth days and nato summit . 
  hey , we have also barszcz ukrai\u0144ski in shops and the regular polish barszcz is usually with dumplings . 
   majority has decided this is true for each and every democratic choice , unless you wants to follow our way and give everybody a veto right ... it could work in xvi-xviic but it did not ended well in xviiic . 
  seriously , you 're repeating the same mistake that will lead to even worse troubles . 
  it 's not the fault of ukip and nationalists , they did n't just won the vote but rather the internationalists and arrogant eu establishment lost it . 
  we 'll see what is going to happend with opposition , what nationalists can `` offer '' them but whatever eu offeres to the european people seems to be less and less attractive and i do n't mean just british . 
  something has to change if you do n't want to see more members leaving the union . 
  too late , there 's already cheap labour there and barszcz in every polski sklep . 
  it 's not as great as britain but you 're welcomed in poland anyway . 
  which `` crazy people '' and what are the american economic and politicial interests here actually ? 
  us is pating for its own army , we do n't get a thing and actually we buy american hardware for billions of usd . 
  the reality is that usa works closer with the strongest few countries , nobody cares about decorations like donald and federica . 
  is n't it ? 
  someone forgot to tell it to our `` liberal '' media . 
  i think it 's already a label , just abused to demonize several parties and people . 
   apocaliptic threads , like the uk will be walled off and left to wither and die ... 
  i 'm afraid this kind of comments and arrogant threats from germany and france only convinced more brits to vote out . 
  as a polish person i 'm not just worried about our immigrants but also about what you say , the overwhelming dominance of germany . 
  britain was in many ways our closest allie in eu and nato , torys were in the same faction as our ruling party and cameron opposed some of the actions against it in ep . 
  what is ? 
  british gov is also content but somehow britain leaves eu and blaming cameron for organising referendum or `` stupid people '' for voting out and of course the `` right wing populists '' is unfortunatelly the only explanation that the great `` elites '' can think of . 
  everybody 's content and everything 's perfectly well but something does n't work . 
  silencing the people and preventing referendums because of some shady establishment coalitions will not change the minds of people , actully it will only convince more to oppose it . 
  you ca n't ignore people forever . 
  no , it 's not . 
  the real thing that is happening is that anti eu opinions are rising amongst the people and the `` elites '' thinks they can solve everything on top . 
  they 're just alienated , ineffective and impotent . 
  sure , everyone can have different opinion ( at least in theory ) but are n't you just suspicious when everybody around repeat this mantra ? 
  absolutelly , they 're calling for a referendum because opinion polls shows support for their agenda and that 's the real issue which ca n't be just ignored . 
  blaming that on some `` right wing populists '' or another `` enemies '' is just offensive and ca n't convince these people . 
  this is going to have huge implication to eu , europe and the whole world . 
  i hope eu will survive , but i 'm afraid it ca n't go on like that , some conclusions has to be made and some reforms but i do n't see any reflection amongst the self righterous `` elites '' . 
  sorry guys , federation and more integration ca n't be the answer for everything , but it can be a problem resulting in secession from eu . 
  ok , so why the mainstream leftist or `` christian '' democrates are not labeled like that when they clearly fit the definition at least in big part of their rhetorics ? 
  ok , but what for should i label them at all ? 
  also the comon theme is that every party which is opposing the `` establishment '' is being insulted by it and is insulting them back , so ? 
  i do n't actually get it , you say it like referendum and direct democracy is something wrong just because it 's supported by the people you disagree with when it serves their agenda . 
  were n't you voting in accession referendum to join eu ? 
  am i getting angry ? 
  most of politicians and parties are populsit but only few of them are branded like that for a clear reason , to discredit them . 
  it 's not even criticism but a cheap insult . 
  this is a one of many definitions but that was not my point . 
  you ca n't deny that just some , selected parties and politicians are branded with different , usually considered as negative , labels . 
  does it make any difference , is it helping anybody to understand this or the other group of people represented by that parties ? 
  i do n't think so .
