  the birth is provoked with some strong `` medication '' and the child is thrown out to the garbage . 
  the gov of donald tried to `` normalise '' relations with russia since they took over in 2007 and after the plane crash in which the `` russophobic '' president died there was a new one elected from the `` liberal '' party . 
  it was just a simbolic gesture , one of many , but there were more serious actions and obviously moscow was not impressed enough to spare us constant embargos , provocative maneouvres with belarus , threats or just insults . 
  this naive policy ended finally when ukraine was invaded and finally there 's consensus between both parties as for the relation to kremlin . 
  not when i 'm just referring to the long established scientific definitions , but please feel free to believe in whatever you wants , there 's a freedom of expression and religion ... or just downovote , that will prove something . 
  and how does it prove me wrong ? 
  the hivemind does n't like my comments ... oh well , i 'll need to live with it somehow . 
  no idea what 's a `` clump of cells '' , but i 've seen this strage term too many times today . 
  self sufficiency does not determinate if that organism is human or not . 
  strange , because in this point it seems that this exact religion says the same what biology . 
  your beliefs unfortunatelly contradicts science . 
  not mine , but i guess it has some supporters which are downvoting me . 
  why opposition to killing humans is `` weird '' ? 
  no , i 'm actually an atheist , i was studying biotechnology and i just like humans . 
  i wanted to make it clear what 's ironic in my comment because some people takes ideologic slogans seriously . 
  he had less of time , bur he was a mass murderer anyway . 
  in [ ossow ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/pomnik_nagrobny_%c5%bco%c5%82nierzy_bolszewickich_w_ossowie ) , a one of the legenadry places in which the hardest fights of that battle happened . 
  i guess they wanted to show the russians how after death of the previous president they 're going to open a new chapter in our relations ... or something . 
  follow the rest of conversation , or at least that part which was not censored . 
  failure at preventing fertilisation is not yet an argument for allowing to abort that human . 
  considering the circlejerk of local hivemind -18 points are still quite impressive . 
  the `` funny '' thing is that the so called `` westeners '' are aborting much less humans than ukrainians , belarussians or russians , but hey that 's all the fancy `` progress '' and whatever ... 
  excuse me , but how am i shooting myself in a foot ? 
  i 'm not even propagating any `` pro life '' agenda here , but merely explaining what 's a human , life and how does it reproduce . 
  ok , i respect your beliefs , but i 'm atheist and biology leave no or very little space for interpretation here ... every human is a `` lump of cells '' with human dna , you 're a `` lump of cells '' as well and your size or number of these cells does n't determinate if you 're a member of human specie . 
  i 'm not strong in so called humanist sciences so i have no idea what 's an `` advantage to society '' , but it sounds like eugenics to me . 
  so who has this idea ? 
  so far i 've seen it only in some some pseudo ironic comments , like yours . 
  is it really worth to defend this kind of behavior just because you disagree with a person that was attacked ? 
  you 've said about learning from life and i 've said about learning at school . 
  it 's never too late , please reconsider continuing your education . 
  so contraception is suddently `` idiotic '' ? 
  whatever your not so `` idiotic '' opinion is , there 're some ways that civilised people communicate , desperate swearing and insulting does n't proove anything . 
  do you have a kid ? 
  i wonder , will they remove also the monument that the previous gov and president built for the bolsheviks ? 
  no joke , they did it to `` commemorate '' the battle of warsaw 1920 . 
  so it seems that there 's no biology in your `` modern '' world . 
  fortunatelly i 'm still living in a real world . 
  there 's no death penalty in europe , it 's even enforced by the council of europe and that 's why belarus is not a member of it . 
  kiling in self defence is allowed . 
  comparing defenceles and innocent humans with murderers is what i call a thoughtless bullshit . 
  so who 's measuring whose life is worth more ? 
  good to know . 
  at least it 's not 40s when progressive germans were eliminating `` unwanted '' humans . 
  and how 's that forcing people to breed if we 're talking about aborting already existing human ? 
  an offspring organism is obviously not your organism . 
  i do n't make the rules , sexual intercourse leads to reproduction , creation of another organism . 
  you should 've learned that in school already ... 
  depends on a definition . 
  no , not `` whatever '' , but specyfic claims and fantastic comparisons . 
  if she gave her ovum and took sperm from the father willingly then yes , she gave her permission . 
  unless she 's uneducated and not awared of the way that humans reproduce , but it 's hard to belive in europe . 
  if you say so ... 
  except that we 're talking about two different organisms ( bodies ) so that legendary `` autonomy '' should applies to each of them . 
  we 're also not talking about obligation because that 's exactly what rape is and nobody defends it , hopefully . 
  and more of ponintles comparations ... again , we 're not talking about rape , so your whole point is false . 
  yeah , unfortunatelly many people are silent when they should correct all of these misconceptions and false propaganda . 
  no idea what happend to the phisicians and biologists these days , they seems indifferent or scared . 
  you mean the richer parts and i mean that it 's not an argument and is not related . 
  ... so a guy which is giving the `` wrong '' opinions is a `` troll '' these days , but the other one which is swearing and calling him names is n't ? 
  zygote is just the primary stage of embryonal development and foetus is an organism in this period which resembles morphologic features of a mature organism . 
  in general both are human organisms in this case , just in a different stage of life . 
  if `` western values '' are about killing humans then indeed you 're right , except that there 're far more humans aborted in romania , ukraine , belarus and russia than in any other european country . 
  i 'm an atheist , but do n't confuse me with anti theists . 
  sorry if i 'm not fitting the stereotype . 
  it does , unless you believes that humans are some `` magical '' creatures which are not affected by the rules of natural sciences . 
  i 'm so fucking tired of repeating that ** gametes and somatic cells are not living organisms ** . 
  another pointless comparison with made up anecdote . 
  no idea why is it so hard for some people to stick to the point , but lets say that ... no , nobody should be forced to give a kidney , nor harmed in any other way and especially not killed . 
  no , cancer is not a living organism . 
  so what 's an argument according to you ? 
  some feminist manifesto ? 
  actually it 's all related . 
  besides , criminals according to the existing law should be prosecuted and punished , unless that law is changed . 
   do n't force people to get children and who wants to rape women ? 
  the country should be safe for all the humans , since the beginning of their lives till the end . 
   it 's a child when it 's born so what about premature births ? 
  it 's a human organism since fertilisation . 
  you remember definition of life from biology classes ? 
  another pointless , illogical comparison . 
  it 's always your choice if to have or not to have a baby , or if to kill it , but there 're consequences . 
  we 're not talking about your womb , do what you want with it , but when you pit another human there , then it 's not just your `` body '' anymore . 
  based on biology . 
  i got confused . 
  except that you 're using them in wrong way . 
  unfortunately . 
  no idea , it 's enough they 've installed their puppet far left regimes . 
  natural sciences are not debatable , or at least not by some ideologists , politicians or clerics . 
  such `` philosophers '' can have hundreds of contradicting theories or subjective opinions serving their interests or bias , but if we 're talking about reality then i 'd rather stick to the biologic definitions . 
  if the law allows aborting humans then yes , you 're entitled to remove your baby . 
  no , it is n't because the `` doctor '' which aborted a human is not punished . 
  maybe you confused me with somebody , i 've never said about it . 
   forcing people to have children rape is illegal . 
  if you do n't want your baby anymore , give it for adoption . 
   forcing an adult to be a host that 's called rape , an adult should be educated enough to understand what 's reproduction . 
   my body a human during embryonal period of life is a separate organism , or `` body '' if that 's easier for you . 
  if that `` clump of cells '' is a living human organism then obviously it 's a human . 
  personally i do n't think that only independent humans should have a right to live secured by the law . 
  i agree and the organisations which created this project also . 
  it would be equally disgusting as it 's the opposite way , law should treat every human equally , but it should n't punish humans for aborting others in defence .
