  so in fact segregation , separate laws for each selected group of people and privileges for those considered as `` handicapped '' or `` mistreated '' . 
  i do n't care if muslims are behind or ahead according to some ideology , they 're just different and their ways of life , relation to other people and especially women are simply intolerable . 
  no offence , but really these slogans and labels pinned on some ideas sounds like from a bad tv commercial . 
  what does it even mean that some idea is `` ahead '' of another and why should i even care if it is ? 
  no need to thank me , we 're just exchanging opinions and information , that 's what conversation is about  maybe you 're right , but that security was coming at price of a total control and insane restrictions . 
  it 's all still changing and if you wants to see , i was just posting [ crimes in poland between 2001-14 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4drsuf/criminal_poland_crimes_per_100000_inhabitants/ ) few days ago on / r/mapporn . 
  some countries did n't handled that at all , ukraine is just a sad example , but many other post soviet countries are n't much better , many just have natural resources but crimes , corruption and central gov and services control did n't changed that much . 
  that was just the `` right wing '' , or more exactly the non communist side and `` democrates '' , the communists that were kicked out of the party in 1968 in a wave of anti `` zionist '' campaign , before invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  finally it resulted in emergence of two major camps , or parties and a one just replaced the post communists as a `` left wing '' , but both have roots in `` solidarno\u015b\u0107 '' or around it . 
  you 're obviously right , sorry for that . 
   rotana group ( arabic : \u0631\u0648\u062a\u0627\u0646\u0627 , r\u014dt\u0101n\u0101 ) , also known simply as rotana , is the arab world 's largest entertainment company . 
  it is primarily owned by the saudi prince al-waleed bin talal , with an 18.97 % share held by news corp and 21st century fox . 
  i was n't completely serious , but also i ca n't remember when bulgaria or poland had a racist , segregating laws . 
  excuse me , but are you kidding or are you seriously believing in these `` progressive '' slogans ? 
  what the hell is actually `` balanced society '' and what 's '' morally and socially behind '' or ahead ? 
  this kind of `` arguments '' are good for an advertisement of some washing powder , not for politics . 
  as everything under that far lefty regime , it was partly illusion . 
  medias and even some official reports were n't reporting many crimes and reporting others for political reasons like demonstrating or writing and publishing censored opinions . 
  if you wants to include nutrition , medicine or living and working conditions then it gets even less safe . 
  in opposite to 90s it was just stable and predictable , now we 're back to more or less the same at least in this regard . 
  many people knows about stasi in eastern germany , or at least heard about it . 
  i think that 90s were similar in most of post communist countries , russians often likes to whine that it was so bad in there and of course it 's the fault of americans , as always , but it was just bankruptcy of communism and central planned economy all around . 
  poland was poorer than ukraine , literally bankrupt , besides of the mentioned events this was also a time of political instability when pms and govs could change every two months , dozens of minor parties in parliament and unstable coalitions . 
  crazy times , but still i remember it as quite a good time because i was just a kid . 
  same can be said in opposite way . 
  the western europe and actually usa compensating ages of slavery , colonialism and abusing homosexuals with crazy pc and privileged position for selected minorities . 
  they also view eastern europe as `` morally handicapped '' , victimise these chosen minorities and tries to force their `` morality '' . 
   the middle east media research institute ( memri ) is a not for profit press monitoring and analysis organization with headquarters in washington , dc . 
  i mean that regular policemen ( then militia ) were n't the worst and for sure not the most influential . 
  the secret police ( s\u0142u\u017cba bezpiecze\u0144stwa ) and secret services ( wsw , wsi ) were able to create with their contacts , knowledge and of course secrecy a kind of criminal or semi legal system with help of many corrupted or blackmailed politicians . 
  some people in poland have a hard time accepting inconvenient facts , but that `` genius '' wa\u0142\u0119sa just pardoned a boss of mafia , so called `` s\u0142owik '' . 
  the chief of police gen. papa\u0142a was just murdered in front of his house and the only motif revealed by the `` investigation '' was a robbery of his car ... daewoo espero . 
  i can go on with murders of former communist pm jaroszewicz , some ministers or this kind of mafia like executions , which were never really investigated ... 
  terrible and not a single official of that far left regime was ever judged for these massacres , just like in the rest of communist occupied countries . 
  poland is not a modern country because it 's still developing , it can be not considered as such because people are conservative and leftists use `` progressive '' slogans to brand their ideology . 
  so yes , we need some better pr , but i hardly doubt it 's possible to challenge the `` modern '' politicians and mass medias . 
   police more like the secret police and services than regular policemen . 
  is legatum institute really a credible source ? 
  somehow i do n't trust anne applebaum and left extremists like sierakowski which she 's hosting there . 
  yeah , it was said that he knew all of these languages but he had nothing to say in any of them . 
  interesting , i guess latin and greek was taught in schools then , but i 've had no idea that in protestant england someone would want to read books published in latin . 
  it was . 
  such kings were weak , poor and powerless , there was n't a central authority taking strategic decisions . 
  finally since the great ( third ) northern war , election of august ii wettin and defeat of stanis\u0142aw leszczy\u0144ski , they were dependant on foreign powers which forced and guaranteed their rule . 
  august iii was elected by his own supporters on the eastern bank of vistula with assistance of muscoviye army , when others elected lesczczy\u0144ski again ... 
  finally the last king stanis\u0142aw poniatowski used to be lover of catherine holstein-gottorp and happened to be a traitor which just signed partitions , took money to pay his debts and moved out to petersburg . 
  not just in there , it 's a global thing . 
  ok maybe except for spain where such heretic names like jesus or judas are tolerated ... hehe one of my great grandpas was a railroad engineer . 
  they were mobilised by germans just like policemen and forced to work or just get executed . 
  he was driving people to the camps , but helped to hide and escape several of them ... his older brother died in wwi ( in russian army ) , parents died for typhus and he was alone with two sisters . 
  i still have his pictures from the polish - bolshevik war , a teenage volunteer scared as hell , but still on a horse with sabre . 
  sometimes i really ca n't imagine how these people could live and survive such conditions , or i must be really lucky to live here in such good times and i 'm taking everything for granted . 
  i guess you must feel similar when hearing these stories , absolutely unreal , like from some hollywood movie . 
  go back to caucasia , pls !, 
  yup , was there once and it was a blast . 
  i remember a one huge cave we were visiting and funny language . 
  my grandpa was considered a `` ku\u0142ak '' , his family just had a bit too big farm , no matter that there were eight siblings to share it . 
  so , he was not given extra points in school as the other `` proletaryans '' and not allowed a space in dorm . 
  he had to work and fight for everything but still he managed to get his architect engineer degree and a serious job in warsaw . 
  he never in his life joined party or collaborated with regime and this is why he was not promoted over some level . 
  he was also a forced laborer , a slave worker in germany during wwii when he was barely 14 . 
  well , the name is very jewish , but i knew people with names like moses or samuel . 
  david or adam , not to mention jakob are some of the most popular names in poland even at now . 
  it is some problem to keep national identity without a country and a state , a political and international representation , but then there 's language , tradition and religion , especially when it 's a national , not global , religion like judaism . 
   ussr if i may ask a personal question , was your father a member of the party ? 
  internationalism was a policy of communists so it 's hard to talk about nationality or identity of its followers . 
  no offence to your father , but if not language , religion and traditions made his identity , then what else ? 
  just family ties and ethnic background ? 
  sure , you just need to wear a one and others will follow ... they will , trust me . 
  confirmed . 
  i 'm wildly not paying attention to german opinions about our elected persons and i 'd love to argue with someone about that . 
  also , i 'm stronkly boastful . 
  i guess it was the same all over this part of europe then . 
  until renaissance documents and literature was published almost only in latin , then it was both , also with local language or mixed local with many latin words . 
  in poland even many peasants spoke latin , there were quite a lot of jesuit schools and the catholic masses until quite recently were only in latin . 
  maybe that 's what austrians considered as `` foreign languages '' then , or just a quite multi national society . 
  there 's also an elected `` person '' . 
  even after we saved their sorry asses in battle of vienna , that arrogant prick leopold was disrespecting sobieski and his son because they were just some nobility and he was some fancy `` emperor '' . 
  no , it 's always more complicated . 
  it 's not a matter of belief , but a fact that there were such jews and quite a bit of them , many were just kicked out of russia to its pale of settlement which included the areas of poland , some followed hasidism and other ideological or religious movements which isolated them . 
  illiteracy was a serious issue of pre war poland generally , but jews had their own private , religious schools also and to learn local language it 's enough to use it , practice , just speak with the people . 
  the public schools and universities were obviously teaching in polish , but they were n't teaching basics , universities were n't for everybody like today and there was also `` numerus clausus '' just like in usa . 
  majority of jews were probably like majority of poles , working and resting , listening to the same tango , swing of fox and watching the same movies except for those made in yiddish and there were lots of these . 
  it 's sad that people learns only about negative things , holocaust was terrible , the whole german occupation was just insane brutal and inhumane , but that 's just a final chapter in a very long story . 
  for centuries jews lived here in peace , preserved and developed their culture and identity when everybody around was just expelling and killing them , alienation was an issue but that 's also because nobody was forcing them to assimilate . 
  well , i see some people writing more or less the same . 
  i guess majority was integrated and learned about their roots just when germans told them about it , but ca n't say for sure if i do n't know the stats ( if there were any ) , it just seems unlikely that majority could be isolated and live in their own communities . 
  i guess they mean [ kontusz ] ( http://193.187.64.80/image.php/5006/70_pic_galeriaportretow_antoni_szczuka.jpg ) . 
   how old is this ? 
  officially since 1573 and it was also a monarch , not just a `` person '' , but of course it was not an equal of some austrian emperor which was chosen by a god . 
  poland was in general `` progressive '' or just developed a different political system which happened to be less effective than `` enlightened '' absolutism . 
  he forgot to add that issues were resolved by unanimous vote , not the qualified majority . 
  still , it worked quite well for several centuries , but imagine that now a single mp can say `` veto '' ... 
  no , i do n't think so and you just confirmed that . 
  you still consider society as a group of competing interests , a kind of class war ... 
  there 're few issues specific for each of two sexes , but most of them are just universal , everybody eats , sleeps , most of people wants to get decent education and work . 
  no , you see a one not very serious expression , but that 's how an open minded person would judge the people , right ? 
  yeah and the redheads represent the redheads , left handed represents ... etc. 
  that 's how the `` progressive '' left creates elitist society of alienated , conflicted groups fighting each other for the status of biggest victim . 
  then it 's called `` equality '' .
