  not all of them . 
  also , they are n't exactly citizens . 
  some years ago polish gov issued a [ `` pole 's card '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karta_polaka ) for the poles and their relatives in post soviet area wherever they were settled . 
  simlar burecratic troubles are facing poles in kazkhstan and other places when they wants to move to poland . 
  moscow never supported the russian colonists in crimea and that was the whole point . 
  you invaded it and annexed just to screw up ukraine and only some heavily brainwashed fool can belive in any honesty of kremlin or its care for the local population . 
  russian was never a [ state language ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_language_in_ukraine#russian_language_in_ukrainian_politics ) in ukraine , but it was n't a problem just until recently when kremlin propaganda made up stories about bloodthirsty ukrainians dreaming about opressing the poor little russians . 
  yeah , we invaded moscow some 400 years ago , is your butt still hurting you ? 
  in opposite to moscow , we never had any central organised policy of enforcing language or religion and yours failed miserably in xixc when you actually started to write any literature . 
  ... so moscow was or was n't theretening us with nuclear weapons ? 
  do n't cry when nato answers with its own drills on your border , you get what you asked for . 
  the russian `` peacekeeprs '' were attacking georgia as well , to reduce the whole conflit to some one sided assault of tskhinvali you have to be ignorant , or just another product of kremlin brainwashing machine . 
  our gov said nothing about this baltic pipe , in opposite to you we do n't need orders to act or speak our minds . 
  poland opened the borders with kaliningrad , let your citizens to study on our universities and sent the american abm away . 
  in return we get the constant embargos , provocative military exercises and ballistic missiles in kaliningrad . 
  not to mention the way you deal with the investigation of a death of our president , general staff and other officials . 
  you 're literally asking to have enemies in all of your neighbours . 
  mind that a lower wage job in britain , norway or iceland ( in these countries poles are the biggest minorities already ) is not equal to a lower wage job in poland . 
  for the other hand , purchasing power is already higher than in quite a `` western '' portugal and it will be improoving but only when our growing economy would be supplied with workforce . 
  yea , it 's sad that most of russians supports this little asshole , but besides of politics they 're just people . 
  all i say is that you 're welcomed . 
   will crimea be the next nagorno-karabakh or abkhazia ? 
  it was n't becouse of what i 've said . 
  your gov never gave a fuck , just until recently and you 're not fooling anybody that it 's not related to the whole situation of ukraine and the fact that you lost your influence over it . 
  nobody buys the stories made up by kremlin propaganda about how the etchnic russians and your language was in danger . 
   your government and media this is not russia ... 
  if poland would ever force its language or religion on lithuania and other lands aquired by the unions , not any conquests , just like you did on conquared lands , there would n't be a single ukrainian or belarussian there . 
  no , you really [ did n't ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/poland/6480227/russia-simulates-nuclear-attack-on-poland.html ) simulated a nuclear strike on warsaw . 
  of course that was denied in [ 2013 ] ( http://sfppr.org/2013/05/russias-aggressive-war-games-threaten-nato-borders/ ) and if kremlin says so it has to be [ true ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/russian-nuclear-threat-could-vladimir-putin-really-push-red-button-1494821 ) . 
  you hypocrite , for years you were setting embargos on our vegetables , fruits or meat and that 's why we were prepared for another pathetic embargo so our exports are growing faster than ever . 
  all the wars in post soviet area were made up or supported by your regime , including the gergian [ genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_georgians_in_abkhazia ) in abkazia , you hypocrite . 
  ... i do n't give a fuck about your gas , our lng port will replace 80 % of imports from moscow anyway . 
  just stop whineing and do n't expect our support for your retarded regime which is theretening us , sweden , finnland and everybody around , not ot mention the invasion and destabilisation of ukraine . 
  it 's enough our naive gov tried to `` normalise '' relations for the past eight years , beloved leader putin showed us a middle finger in return so do n't act suprised . 
   our novels nobels , or oligarchs and they were not `` ours '' , they got assimilated , adopted our religion and language . 
  do n't think so , we do n't mind opening borders with kaliningrad from where many russians are coming for shoppings or just for tourism . 
  also , they can study in poland , same as ukrainians and belarussians . 
  the last time i visited my former univestity it was full of them . 
  an average pole rather hates kremlin , but not the russians . 
  poland needs workers , ours are already in britain or norway . 
  our economy is growing quite well and unemployment in some regions is below 7 % , so employers encourage migrants and asks for another 400.000 ukrainians to be given work visas . 
  germany alone invited these migrants and granted them asylum status with no legal reasons , it 's their mistake that they wants to share with the others . 
  immigrants do n't want to stay in eastern europe , not even in france ( look at calais ) , so germany also wants to force them to stay where they do n't want to be . 
  the problem is that these people do n't follow the rules and they 're encouraged by germany which permits them to stay without any legal reason . 
  so they 're going to give all of them permits or refugee status and then force them to stay in the countries like hungary , which they just crossed on their way to german `` paradise '' . 
  also , do you know that there 're over 400.000 ukrainians in poland , some 32.000 wants to legalise their status and 408.000 applied for work visas just this year ? 
  the 'd probably want to go to germany , but just poland allows them to work and study here . 
  nobody wants to force the others to share this `` problem '' . 
  syrians and albanians from kosovo would also be able to stay and work here , even with help of the church and other ngos , but they just prefere to get free money from germans ... 
  there 's about 800.000 idp in ukraine and over 300.000 fled to russia ( [ source ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/pages/49e48d4d6.html ) ) . 
  most of ukrainians in poland are economic migrants from western and central ukraine . 
  another 408.000 ukrainians applied for visas with a right to work just this year . 
  as for universities , since some time we 're allowing rusans , belarusins an ukrainians to study in poland . 
   the eu as a whole needs to act according to the agreements that were made regarding refugees . 
  sure and that 's why we have to stop guarding borders and give refugee status to everybody that is crossing it illegally without any documents ... 
  i 'm not much into the french politics , but why sarcozy would want to destroy eu ? 
  your regimes never cared about any people , never spoke about anything else but military baeses with ukraine and suddently it 's all about `` self determination '' when you failed to keep whole country in your hands . 
  there 're legal ways , but instead of that you wanted to humiliate and break ukraine apart . 
  i repeat my question , what `` empire '' ? 
  it has nothing to do with the subject . 
  you 're thretening everybody around with your nukes , issuing embargos since years and attacking your puppets when they wants to get out of your toxic influence . 
  the same with poland , you just ca n't stand that your former colonies can make their own choices and care for their own interests instead of yours or the others . 
  according to you everybody is someone 's puppet and you do n't need to care about anything except for the `` powers '' . 
  except in the case of armed invasion and violation of international and bilateral agreements . 
  what `` empire '' ? 
  obviously you have some problem with poland , but indeed we do n't want a hostile and agressive state to have any influence over us or our allies . 
  are you suprised ? 
  the crazy russia is thretening everybody around with nuclear strikes , or invasions , issuing constant embargos and plays with gas prices , but you wants us to bend over and just ignore that ? 
  national self determination is a good idea , unless you wants to rule over these nations . 
  anyway , that 's not the point of this conversation , but if you wants to talk about history i could very well recall the opressive etchnic policies of russia towards these nations , including ours . 
  moscow does n't fit in the position of a `` victim '' very well . 
  another pointles , nationalistic generalisation . 
  fyi poland has its own interests , it 's a country that was for too long ignored and played by west and `` east '' , call it as you wish but our interests are often opposite to these of russia . 
  amusing projection of your imagined idea about me and my identity . 
  it shows just that you 're lacking serious counterarguments and needs to resort to ad hominem . 
  baltic states would probably also join . 
  [ oh no , not again ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbfhvt1zrfu ), 
  exactly . 
  anyway this is some paranoya , just like in case of these jewish student trips guarded by the armed mossad agents ... 
  i 'd love to see a video provocation of a hasidic jew walking in warsaw . 
  i can bet the worst thing would be some curious looks behind his back . 
  ... and this is a mistake that many people does . 
  internationalism and communism goes against any national or religious identity , which is also a reason why so many stateless jewish people followed it , but then it 's just a contradition to call them jewish . 
  cosmopolites are homeless , they do n't have nationality at all . 
  czeka , a predecessor of nkvd was founded by a genuine pole , feliks dzier\u017cy\u0144ski . 
  so what ? 
  all i know are these stereotypical views of jewish people plotting or being rich and crooked , but it never goes beyond nasty jokes and comments , just like in any other case . 
  the people here just do n't care much about any political correctness or self censorship , but i would n't say that they can harm any jews or the other people . 
  they are most likely not catholics . 
  many parishes in poland offered their help , some hosted several families of syrians , gave them flats , accomodation and organised jobs . 
  then they 've escaped to germany at night ... 
  euronews are a bunch of lefty clowns sponsored by eu , their reporting is just embarassing . 
  yeah , screw the people , lets give away our lands to appease other countries and do n't expect a thing in return . 
  now , give me your wallet if you wants to repair our relations . 
  the evil people of falklands put their island too close to argentina and too far from britain ... 
  great argument , comparing me to some brainless zombies blindly following the great dictator ... just after defending his lawless decissions and a brit who supports that . 
  really putin is making miraccles binding left and right extremists or just useful idiots all around europe . 
  so british politics towards falklands and argentina are `` agressive '' ? 
  are you for real ? 
  politicians are hired by the people to represent their intertests , that 's how democracy works .
