   drunk from all that vodka [ very funny ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o0weqte.jpg ), 
  sadly , when i was in italy i was n't visiting any , just pere-lachaise in france . 
  i 've seen almost all the historic graveyards in warsaw and even if i liked mostly the catholic part of [ pow\u0105zki ] ( http://obiezyswiat.org/index.php?gallery=2483 ) i still appreciated the jewish and protestant parts of it , even a little muslim one is somehow exotic and interesting . 
  the nearby orthodox graveyard is really nice , the church has amazing paintings and frescs , like most of orthodox temples , there 're also some graves of gypsy kings and even very strange tombs of karaites . 
  i ca n't agree that orthodox religious art is `` low profile '' , it 's absolutelly colorful and rich in details . 
  ok , so what was n't right in my comment ? 
  you do forbid people to use their own names , you do n't allow double street or town names and when a one guy put such a sign in his private property , he was sentenced to pay a fine for that ... you do [ insult ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgfb5wbep_y ) us in your medias . 
   kremlin provides him money source ? 
  the other guy said that poland pays awp , which is also bs . 
  massmedias and authorities completly ignores our minorities , emmigrants or the whole diaspora . 
  only once donald came to meet with polish lithuanians and as he always does , he made alot of promises and all of them were lies . 
  this is the only reason we keep positive relations and it 's your gov , with your president which are sh ... ing on that since they know that we 'll do nothing about it . 
  hmm , i 've heard and seen some pictures from the romanian graveyards and they were amazing . 
  church or not , graveyards often are packed with amazing artworks . 
  sponsored by gazprom and kremlin , lucky basatards . 
  interesting . 
  i guess you also have all saints day , which is quite important holyday in poland . 
  there 're few orthodox churches and graveyards in warsaw , some of them are quite old and intersting . 
  eh , such is life ... p.s. 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm just fooling around but seriously i have nothing against islam , unless some psychos throws granades like in malmo recently , but there was/is much more of that in sweden . 
  turks and tatars are by far my favorite muslims , 
  ... i 'm not going to comment every lie or bullshit that you just wrote and especially not the pathetic attempts at insulting us . 
  none of the vilnius [ censuses ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographic_history_of_the_vilnius_region#censuses ) claimed that lithuanians were majority , not even the one made up by german nazis and lithuanian collaborators . 
  the lithuanian one of 2011 even says that the poles are still 52 % majority in vilnius municipal district . 
  as for `` stabbing in a back '' , bolsheviks occupied this area , lithuania had no choice but to allow them to cross its territory when we were at war with them . 
  it was not like we just attacked for no reason , by suprise and becouse we 're some demonic , evil bastards ...  persecution of lithuanians source ? 
  if you would n't mistreat the polish minority , forbid them to use their language , close schools and insult in your massmedias , then maybe tomaszewski would n't cooperate with russian minority . 
  we do n't do that to the lithuanians , they have all minority rights like in the other eu countrties even if they live just in few villages . 
  if every voter of `` liberal '' and lefty parties wants $ , which is hardly doubtful . 
  where ? 
  i 've never heard that word in my life . 
  yes , now i know that , but you just said that volga germans also can get citizenship , so i 'm asking again ... ca n't they also move freely ? 
  or what do you mean by that they ca n't reunite ? 
  i 'm awared that they exist ( ed ) , but i was obviously reffering to the reunification of germany . 
  anyway , it 's strange what you say , the people with german citizenship ca n't move to germany , or what ? 
  i did , but it 's still confusing for the ones who do n't know the meaning of these words . 
  do you learn about the polish - bolshevik war in schools ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm just curious , but ... do you have in history classes the whole context of vilnius takeover and its demographics ? 
  too late , they 're in transnistria on vacations . 
  at least this looks more probable than the other stats , but still i hardly belive that 32 % of people supports $ in poland . 
  also , 55 % in hungary , seriously ? 
  enjoy islam , 
  that 's a linguistic confusion . 
  res publica is not exactly what `` commonwealth '' in english is . 
  ... and i know that your museums are just storage of our stuff . 
  keep it , germans or russians would steal that anyway . 
  me neither , but the national identity changed in xixc already , especially becouse of pesantry and it was related also with spreading literacy and awarness . 
  the identity you 're talking about was mostly limited to the nobility . 
  so it 's not a reparation and since they have romanian nationality and citizenship , they 're no more moldavian , or they hold double citizenship . 
  anyway i 've seen some statics and even posted a [ map ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2m5ws3/migration_of_specialists_in_europe_polish_640x1560/ ) about the brain drain , we all seems to have a problem of emmigration . 
  it 's not suprising if you open borders between countries with so different wages . 
  it was , but it was over in xixc . 
   hidden german option that was about the movement of silesian `` autonomy '' . 
  even better . 
  seriously , i guess you hates him in lithuania , but if we would n't beat the bolsheviks , all of the baltic states would end up as soviet republics , or worse . 
  reparations for what ? 
  it 's different since romania could n't reunite with moldova . 
  great . 
  so what 's your favorite herbata ? 
  ok , so do you actually give your citizenships away for every moldavian who comes here ? 
  if so , maybe that 's the reason they 're fleeding westwards and i doubt this could be tolerated in schengen . 
  i thought we were talking about moldavians . 
  i 'm fully aware that romania is eu member and as a such has these rights . 
  you mean the lithuanian socialist juzefas pilsudskis ? 
  i do n't think that the polish people are afraid or against romania joining schengen . 
  maybe you have no problem crossing a border to another eu country , or moldova , but it 's not that easy in the opposite way . 
  we allow ukrainians and russians from kaliningrad to cross the border , but only for short time and just for those ukrainians who live in the border area . 
  also they , as well as belarussians are allowed to study here , but the borders are secured tight and you ca n't just cross without proper documents . 
  ok , but do n't tell me that schengen area does n't care about its borders since i know how many things we had to do to secure ours . 
  what 's that ? 
  so that would be something else , but nevermind . 
  really ? 
  i have no idea about romanian orthodoxy , but ukrainians and belarussians have a different calendar for sure . 
  i 'm not saying that in any despective way , i mean that common holydays could be a good thing to socialise . 
  how ? 
  romania is not in schengen , but i guess the risk is worth it and they can adapt in the latin countries , just like romanians . 
  it 's a pity what happend to moldova , a country with such a great wine should n't be so poor . 
  there 's no more 2nd world , cold war is over . 
  as for religion , orthodoxy was always respected in poland , but it 's different , especially the calendar and holydays . 
  i was learning deutsch in high school , there 're some borrowed words and all the european languages took alot from latin , but the grammar is absolutelly different . 
  not to mention the spelling , but it could be harder for a german to pronounce polish than the opposite way . 
  what about moldova ? 
  ca n't you allow them some short term work permits like we did with ukrainians ? 
  commonwealth aliv !, 
  do n't care about any nominations or awards , their reports from war zones are really good and i do n't mean just ukraine . 
  their coverage of isis and especially videos made in al-raqqah are even more thrilling . 
  when it comes to the other , non military subjects , they 're actually pretty lefty . 
  they should concentrate on serious reports instead of pushing some ideology like the others do . 
  not to mention that simon was once `` arrested '' by the donetsk junta , he was kept in a cellar for several days , interrogated and beaten . 
  btw . 
  hundrets of such `` volunteers '' were caught red handed becouse of their posts in social networks . 
  the famous german humour ... 
  learn some history . 
  russia is never giving anything back . 
  according to the riga peace treaty of 1920 they were obliged to give back what they 've stolen , but they obviously never gave back a thing . 
  in 1794 , after the second partiotion they 've stolen entire [ za\u0142uski library ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/za%c5%82uski_library ) , a one of the first and biggest public libraries in europe . 
  what was n't destroyed during the transport , was either put in the st. petersburg library or just sold by corrupted soldiers for pennies . 
  same was with the paintings or sculptures , most of the royal jewels were stolen by the so called `` prussians '' , gold was just melted and the gemstones were sold . 
  actually all the european museums hold artifacts stolen from the countries they occupied and colonised , except for the museums in the countries that were colonised . 
  you do n't get me , i ment imposing `` abortion '' on the babies .
