  i do n't think that history , evolution of legal codes , political systems and ideologies is subjective . 
  if you consider `` european identity '' as a so called social contract , an idea created and defined by the politicians , which in most cases are left intrnationalists , then indeed this kind of `` identity '' is challanged by the `` radical '' right . 
  personally i think this is artificial and often goes against traditions , religion and other factors that used to unite people and define the common identity . 
  [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_kmmyqiseg ) is all about the false friends between czech and polish , 
   ( no matter the reason ) there 's no such word in there . 
  in a chart below it stands that only 15 % are convinced and 29 % rather are , it 's misleading to say that both groups are the same . 
  the differences between us , besides of economy which is the result of xixc industrialisation , is that we do n't like the others telling us what to do . 
  call it a `` martyrdom syndrome '' if you really have to . 
  catholicism is what differed us in xixc from ortohodx russians and protestant germans , as well as from anti theists in xxc and it will continue in xxi as long as we 're going to be pushed around . 
  it 's more ceremonial than actually serious in poland , most of people cares only about holydays , marriages and funerals , mostly for social reasons . 
  i guess it 's just easier to explain people 's different opinions by `` stupidity '' , but you 're not going to convince anybody with insults . 
   never ever touch the thema you just did . 
  i know it . 
  was you actually reading that , or just the headline ? 
  so amongst that 45 % is just 7 % poles who supports unconditional `` aborting '' on demand and 38 % under conditions , mostly those set already by the polish law , as it 's written in the latter parts of the survey . 
  source ? 
  usually political parties and especially such movements gain power becouse of propaganda and populism . 
  the only thing i would consider unfair , but understandable , was a humiliating reduction of military . 
  the thing that germans complain mostly about , the war reparations , were imposed becouse of the occupation and horrible exploitation of the low countries and the occupied parts of france . 
  also , everybody suffered becouse of econimc crisis and hyperinflation . 
  especially britain was quite supportive of their demands and i would n't say that france was powerless even in 1940 , it may be just the fear , but the result was the same . 
  i guess that was the violation of munich agreement and takeover of bohemia what was the last straw . 
  sure , there 's no point going that far . 
  by no mean i 'm excusing germany , all i say is that the soviets were as well preparing for the war and the same they wanted it . 
  weimar germany was as well contesting the outcome of wwi , refused to acknowladge the borders with poland and even establish diplomatic relations , it was hitler who did so , but only after he was a bit `` bullied '' . 
  they also cooperated with ussr and secretly build army there , hitler was just more open in his revisionism . 
  yes since that was their propaganda , but its reviosion was also a cause of wwii . 
  besides , both france and britain let germany to reverse many points of it , including some of the territorial changes . 
  maybe it was too late since national socialists were in power already . 
  i could and i thought that 's exactly what we 're talking about in regard to the second war . 
   protest on the streets but of course people are [ protesting ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/marsz_dla_%c5%bbycia_i_rodziny ) , just the people from the opposite side . 
  there 's not going to be any important lefty party here as long as the cynic platform gathers all the anti conservative electorate . 
  even without them there would be about 10-15 % support for such a party . 
  as much as i 'm opposing leftys , i 'd welcome not just their serious perliamentar representation , but most of all some honest debate instead of emotional rants and insults for amusement of massmedias . 
  it was sarcasm , obviously nobody 's discussing that since it 's clear , but the problem is somewhere else . 
  sorry , but what kind of slogans am i using ? 
  it 's just annoying to face the people who ca n't tell a difference between a reproductive and somatic cell or a living organism , i do n't even want to list all the misconceptions which i was wasting time for . 
  everybody have a choice , as i 've said many times there 's anticonception and adoptions , a sex itselve is not forced unless that 's a rape and i guess some irresponsible people should just resort to masturbation . 
  there 're some priorities and life itselve is more important than its quality and comfort , how 's that even rational to say that not loved kids should be deprived of their lives and terminated ? 
  i agree that the state should take better care of kids , but it 's another subject . 
  rather protecting the right to live . 
  how is `` aborting '' people a `` right '' ? 
  nobody made the rules of nature . 
  how am i going to discuss with you if you 're obviously lacking basic knowladge and refuse to gather it ? 
   life indeed starts after a certain amount of time that 's what i 'm talking about . 
  just embarassing . 
  really , i wanted to write more , but i see how pointles this is . 
  what for all of this arrogant , pseudo scientific talk if you do n't even know the basics ? 
  is it so hard to google the definition of life , read about reproduction or embryogenesis ? 
  this is primary school ... 
  yes , it 's philosophical question if to kill a human or not , but i 'm not going to discuss it ... 
  same goes for a concept of a `` person '' . 
  the consensus amongst the biologists about what 's a life , how it reproduces and develops was established a long time ago . 
  why are you bothering me with this pointles bullshit ? 
   kids wandering around without any purpose and without anybody taking care of them go and tell them that they should be `` aborted '' . 
  for f. . . sake , nobody tells people when and with whom to make babies . 
  it 's just not allowed to `` abort '' them once you made it . 
  yea , i 've noticed . 
  how 's that an acheivement ? 
   foetus really starts to resemble a human and when it does n't ? 
  human foetus is an organism in embryogenesis that resembes morphologic features of a grown human organism . 
  correct , as long as murder is termination of human 's life by another . 
   developed organs reproductive organs develops during puberty . 
  in general your descriptions are vague and unclear , just subjective . 
   a line has to be drawn somewhere it was , there 's no debate about the definition of life . 
  your opinion about requirements that a human organism has to fullfill in order for you to be considered a `` human '' , is just your opinion and it has little to do with any science . 
   life only starts after a certain amount of time you 're disappointing me . 
  amusing . 
  really it does n't matter . 
  it 's all subjective since that 's just your opinion about when it 's right and when it 's wrong to end a human 's life . 
  this is emotional , as well as such euphemisms like to call it `` abortion '' and silence quite natural for the social species empathy . 
  so tell me , what 's a `` full human '' ? 
  omg , i 'm not a philosopher and this is not about some idea of `` personality '' . 
  it 's not just my opinion , i 'm not making up definitions of life , or a human , i 'm merely referring to biology and official definitions . 
  you can have whatever opinion you wants , you can even contradict the science , but it 's really annoying to hit that whole wall of ignorance and slogans , nevermind the downwotes . 
  opinions are the one thing , scientific facts are another and there 's no discussion about when the life begins , or what 's a human ... unless you wants to have some philosophical debate about `` beings '' , then i 'm not a right person for it . 
   not resemble a human being that 's exactly what foetus is . 
  your idea to consider removing humans which are dependent on the others is just irrational since all the mammals need mothers to survive and some , like humans , are dependent for many years . 
  each and every excuse and condition for allowing people to live are subjective and `` emotional '' . 
   can not be considered fully human since when ? 
  i 'm not going to play with some religions , philosophy or ideology , the science is quite clear about it and is not dependent on these subjective ideas . 
  life is a process and embrogenesis is just the first stage of it . 
  i 'm afraid you do n't even know the difference between a belly and uterus , besides of the other things . 
  really , there 's never too late to learn something . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  please go back to some forum of wyborcza or another lefty rag and stop embarassing yourselve . 
  ok , few weeks old human organism , better ? 
  every law is abused , that 's called a `` crime '' . 
  chazan was wrong , this is my opinion , but i 'm not a judge and i do n't know what 's your point in here . 
  if someone decides to have sex , needs to consider the consequences . 
  i do n't belive that in xxic europe there 're mature people who do n't know about procreation or anticonception . 
  ... every politician `` tells people what to do '' . 
  this is really a retarded argument which is used just to silence the people you do n't like . 
  depends if you consider biology or ideology . 
  there 's a clear definition of a living organism , you know ? 
   bag of genetic material you mean nukleus or what ? 
  again this `` argument '' ... every , i mean every goverment is `` forcing '' something on the others that oppose it . 
  you ca n't just force the people to not have their opinions if they 're just different than yours . 
   own belly go back to school . 
  ... so the ones who criticise it are molesting women ?
