  i 'm an atheist since high school and never had any problems with belivers , they for the other hand are constantly bashed and insulted in recent years . 
  er , you know those are eastern orthodox crosses ? 
  eh , you know them very well , except that i guess you do n't like what they 've done . 
  the point is they 've won a democratic mandate to realeise their promises and so they did it . 
  it 's not just about some slogans and banners like you 've said , otherwise there would n't be a reason to bash them and scare the people . 
   extremist so it 's not the case . 
  the other thing is that duda was almost unknown several months ago and komorowski was very popular , at least according to the opinion polls . 
  indeed , until he won the first round , nobody thoght that duda can be a president . 
  they or just some preist and even if , how 's that a serious criticism ? 
  dude , they 've done alot when they were in power , some good , some bad things , depends on your opinion , but that was what they 've promised in campaign . 
  quite the opposite was done by the ruling `` liberal '' party which promised `` miraccles '' ( literally ) , rised taxes , deficite , confiscated money from private retirement funds and increased retirement age . 
  are you old enough to actually remember their promises ? 
  it seems to me that you 're making excuses , poorly . 
  except that fn is pro rusian and really anti eu , pis is just conservative , but quite etatist and interventionist . 
  oddly , when they ruled eight years ago they 've decresed taxes , terminated some of them and decreased deficite , but that was the time when we had 6 % annual gdp growth . 
  ... i used to be brainwashed then , indeed . 
  i grown up and i 'm not that hysteric anymore , especially if i 've heard all about their `` crimes '' everyday for the past eight years . 
  and just so you 'll not forget , lpr currently supports the `` liberal '' po and its former leader is not a `` fascist '' anymore , apparently . 
  get serious , nobody cares about some stupid self made banners on a demonstration , this is not politics . 
  ... pis has nothing to do with fn , but indeed ` this article sounds ' like they 'd be nationalists , anti european and so on . 
  if anything , they 're strongly anti putin , like they always were before it was `` mainstream '' opinion . 
  and how 's that related to his opinion on eu ( if he has any ) ? 
  since when kukiz is `` anti european '' ? 
  and the nationalists , both of them marginal and meaningless . 
   in the years 2005-2007 , when law and justice was in power , poland witnessed a deepening of internal conflicts , a strongly conservative turn in domestic policy and a more nationalist foreign policy . 
  what `` internal conflicts '' ? 
  the real `` conflicts '' are happening all the time under the ruling `` liberal '' party and i do n't mean just the typical fights between the coservative people and the progressive `` elite '' . 
  i mean strikes and protests of miners , farmers , even doctors and students . 
  the conflict between the main two parties benefits both of them and that 's why since 2005 the post communist left has no support , their electorate was taken by the `` liberal '' party . 
  also to picture opposition as `` anti european '' is a typical , primitive simplification especially if they supported acession . 
  i guess if you have a different opinion on internal eu policies you just have to be an `` eurosceptic '' and just a bad guy overall . 
   rebuilt a lot you 're talking just about the old town , which was rebuilt in accordiance to its look from xviiic . 
  the paintings of canaletto ( bernardo belotto ) were useful , but that was n't all they 've had . 
  also the royal castle was rebuilt in 90s . 
  the old town was not the only historical area and many buildings that survived the war were also demolished just to make a space for some socrealist constructions . 
  still there 're ruins not just in praga ( eastern part ) , but also wola and other central districts , some of them are being reconstructed or renewed by the private investors . 
  warsaw is not so bad and it 's getting better all the time . 
  not everything and i do n't mean just submarines . 
   anti-air , anti-ship , anti-land , and even anti-ballistic missile so they can be more useful at the open sea , but we should invest in protection of our coast anyway . 
  destroyers or not , the polish navy is a floating ( barely ) museum and even if i 'm not any expert , it 's obvious for me that we should do something about it . 
  we have quite a bit of tanks . 
  mind that poland is not a landlocked country and our coast should not be left unprotected , especially considering kaliningrad and its proximity to gda\u0144sk with the whole `` tri polis '' . 
  i 'm not a naval expert , but i was always interested in history and wwii . 
  am i right that destroyers ( kontrtorpedowce ) are used to fight the submarines ? 
  if it 's still what they do , then i guess we should consider protecting our ports and coastlines . 
  holandia , sometimes niderlandy . 
  in older polish it used to be `` oleandry '' and there are several towns and villages in pl called like that becouse of dutch ... immigration in xvi-xviic . 
  in 1990 it was , since 1991 it was renamed for the third republic , but it 's just a name . 
  so far you prooved nothig what i 've said to be wrong , but i admit you 're doing a great job of changing or dissolving the subject . 
  i have no time to read publicists right now , maybe tommorow , or maybe not since someone 's opinions on soviet `` politics '' are no facts yet and those i know quite well . 
  trotsky would rush with sabres and lances to conquare the whole world , stalin indeed was more pragmatic , but the goal was the same , global revolution . 
  the picture you 're making in which stalin was almost like `` forced '' to gracefully accept the dominance over the half of europe and begin a cold war , which was as well about communist expansion , is just laughatble . 
  the expansion of the soviets started at least in 1939 , hand in hand with germany , if not earlier considering komintern and the wars in south america or spain . 
  it 's true that stalin took the empty space left by hitler , but this was not accidental , it was the idea from the beginning . 
  unfortunatelly for stalin , hitler was faster and `` west '' resisted just for few weeks . 
  the really ironic thing is that the international socialists slaughtered far more people than the national ones and still , the first ones are considered the good guys . 
  imgine that . 
  i 'm tierd of listening to your insults and i 'm not going to give you satisfaction by repeting these . 
  i 'm bored with trolls . 
  it 's like you said , a `` circus '' , never those negotiation were serious for any of these sides becouse they 've had no interest in it and no honest intentions . 
   you are saying that i 'm spouting conspiracy theories you really should stop wating tv . 
  i 've never said about `` conspiracy '' , i just said that 's merely a theory and moreover , created by the soviet goverment and its services , for the propaganda purposes . 
  soviet intentions were purely expansionist , not defensive and most definetly not `` noble '' , this is what you and your gov is sugessting and this is what i 'm calling a `` theory '' . 
  bullshit , jews had exactly the same rights as all the other citizens . 
  if you talk about sentiments of some political or local organisations , or just the people , then indeed , some were trying to discriminate some , not just thins one , minorities and they ... failed . 
  the polish state never followed these marginal ideas . 
  french should have those plans since many years , also i must admit that the polish staff was concentrating on the east for years and just since may 1939 it started to develop a plan of defence from germany . 
  france had no other potential enemy and they 've invested quite a bit in an alliance with czechoslovakia , romania or poland , they wanted to keep a `` balance of power '' but just with the other 's hands . 
  there was fighting in norway , dennemark , but also in finnland , romania and baltic states just gaved up their countries or pieces of them and eventually had no choice but to join germany . 
  until i saw the british newsreels i thought that was just a joke that raf `` bombed '' germany only with propaganda leftleats . 
  ok , sure the detils and tactics differed , but the whole idea was the same . 
  to defeat france in a `` blitz '' , through the neutral low countries , and concentrate the forces on the other font . 
  if you thinks they 've had a different statute than the other people , then please explain and maybe then we can both laught at this `` joke '' . 
  you gave me nothing . 
  give me a one of those `` hundrets '' of sources and when you 're at that , explain what for you needed a `` defensve '' or a `` non agression '' pacts with the so called `` west '' . 
  it could and that 's why the soviets waited , at least there was such a possiblity that they did n't wanted to risk . 
  the whole german plan in this , or the previous war , was `` blitzkrieg '' elimintion of each opponent separatelly and rapid movement of forces from one to the other front . 
   also served as time to prepare for both britain and france so what did you done in that time ? 
  i 'm afraid that germans took better advantage of it and your govs still hoped for `` peace in our time '' ... bef was already in france since about march 1940 , you 've had an advantage on sea and the land , raf was not used much in french campaign becouse your gov knew it was lost already . 
  faf had obsolete planes , but french armed forces were much stronger than the british , not ot mention polish . 
  i see you 're having fun , that 's nice . 
  keep pretending that you know anything and ignore my comments , but the next time you 're going to mention how desperate and ignored by the `` west '' stalin was , i 'll ask for some sources . 
  do n't worry , the big bad poland is not going to invide your poor , innocent country . 
  sleep well . 
  ... when was the bef transferred to france ? 
  the invasion of poland gave you about four-five weeks , you gave the germans the whole winter to rearm , move and resupplie their armies . 
  then they 've attacked and used exactly the wwi ( schlieffen ) plan ... exactly for the same reason , to not face the war on two fronts . 
  the war they could have and would probably lost in 1939 . 
  ... are you serious ? 
  soviets knew very well , at least since the joint gestapo-nkvd conferrences but even before that i 'm sure they were fully awared . 
  the `` problem '' was that the soviet measures were at last the same brutal , if not worse . 
  it 's not me who 's making expectations , but you 're trying to excuse and relativise crimes of a one regime by the brutality of the other . 
  it 's a `` well known '' theory , which i also find reasonable , but it 's still a theory . 
  spare my that commie `` messianism '' ... or martyrlogy . 
  what `` heavy persecution '' they 've faced ? 
  as for the sympathy for the `` fascism '' , i guess the whole soviet gov with stalin himselve were guilty of it , nevermind the differences between national or international socialism and fasicism , who cares . 
  you 're a real comedian . 
  no , i do n't have access to jstor , but i 'm reading quite a bit and not just the commie writers emphasising the `` desperate tries '' of uncle joe to join the `` allies '' . 
  also i know what 's wrong and what 's lacking in our education , still there 's not enough about the brutal far lefty regime that ruled us for about a half of century . 
  oh , such a poor , lonely soviet state ... it had no choice , it was necessary to have a `` defensive '' pact with a country that the soviets shared no border with .
