  as far as i know these people still likes eachother , for sure czechs and slovaks have great relations . 
  that 's because it was used by russua for its politics and we were partitioned , occupied and mistrearted by them . 
  yeah , just like podolski , or that was our idiotic federation which ignored him . 
  btw . 
  nice game at wednesday , no idea how could you not qualify with this team in that group . 
   how much control does the government have over national tv ? 
  you obviously are n't polish so let me tell you that the `` public '' media here are controled by the gov since ... always . 
   `` my lost empire and relevance '' that 's exactly what hurts russia . 
  the `` lost empire '' feels diffrent , do n't blame them . 
  this looks like fun . 
  our [ dictator ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p5hf-qqkbqe ) was too serious and boring , that 's why he was n't executed . 
   you hate us we do ? 
  in general people have * strong feelings * here , but you know that hunderets of thousands russians visits poland every year ? 
  we established visa free movement with kaliningrad and russians ( belarusiians and ukrainians too ) are allowed to study in poland . 
  now ... how often do you hear that these people have problems here ? 
  imagine they did , few years before on few ocassions . 
  actually the people were still tortured and executed during negotiations , but these were just few preists so who cares . 
  so , how do you feel celebrating `` democracy '' with this kind of people ? 
  there 're idiots in the opposition which talks about it , but this is not going to happend . 
   anti-communist revolutions of 1989 how do you feel about kwa\u015bniewski and other prominent communists celebrating alleged collapse of their regime ? 
  ... does it really matter ? 
  first a one side is hating elders , takes their ids ( great joke !, 
  ) , then the other laughts at them , but why the heck is it a problem ? 
   eu regulations [ very funny ! ], 
  ( http://blogs.reuters.com/breakingviews/2016/06/01/because-its-france-no-basis-for-eu-budget-rules/ ), 
  first of all i know just a one pro `` western '' gov of ukraine so far and secondly it 's not just orange revolution now , russia invaded ukraine , annexed part of its territory and made up an armed separatist junta in a region with russian minority . 
  it 's moscow which really antagonised ukraine , labelled its people as `` nazis '' and denies the very existence of this nation . 
  it should be , but it is n't , everybody 's a hypocrite . 
  ... it 's exactly where it is in case of each and every crime in ukraine . 
  cut the crap , these people were fighting before that day and several ukrainians were killed , then they took a bloody revange . 
  i do n't justify nothing , i just say that it was n't such a simple , one sided fight as it 's propaganted and used by kremlin . 
  communist , soviet or whatever is confusing for national identification in post soviet area , the so callled `` russian mir '' , where the orphans of ussr supports the russian politics . 
  are you surprised that they wants to get rid of russian influence ? 
  i agree they do it often in ugly way but it 's not much different than before or how it is in russia and whole post soviet area , not to mention the `` new russia '' . 
  still , it was not any political repression when a bunch of football hooligans fought a bunch of communists in odessa , unless at least a one part was controlled by a one , or the other government . 
  how ? 
  so that 's a repression ? 
  or it 's just the failed post soviet state ? 
  neither it 's post soviet client state and it 's a completely different league , different than russia already . 
  i suppose , they also do n't like when people complain about their politics , so basicly all of their neighbours except for the post soviet client states . 
  i thought that russia is butthurt constantly about something , but i guess it depends on persepective . 
  also our previous gov and president were very `` nice '' to russia before invasion of ukraine but it seems to work the opposite way . 
  i thought so . 
  the important question is , why russians consider poland as `` enemy '' and not germany ? 
  is that all about the money and gas ? 
  also , how about the napoleon invasion of 1812 ? 
  is that celebrated somehow ? 
   political repressions and how 's a that fight in odessa a political repression ? 
  both groups fought each other and there were victims amongst both of them . 
  every number is scary , but there 's a difference between criminal murders and military combat , even with self proclaimed donbas junta . 
  honest question , you do n't think that 400 years makes quite a big difference between these ? 
  also , putin introduced this holyday to replace some soviet event and the whole mythology of `` patriotic war '' is far more important and celebrated , as it always was . 
  still , germany is not on the `` enemies '' list so this ca n't be related . 
  nice guy . 
  i do n't remember a single of our former presidents being judged , ever and there would be some things to judge them for ... well , i remember only the previous , then acting president komorowski when he testyfied in a one case , but he was n't charged . 
  is that legal in france ? 
  i know for sure that people without citizenship are not allowed to sponsor electoral campaigns in poland and they ca n't contribute more than 15 times the minimal wage , unless there 're more elections in a year , then a single sponsor is allowed to give 25 times minimal wage . 
  what ? 
  when , where and how nato invaded ukraine ? 
  you 're ridiculously brainwashed ... 
  i 'm not gong to stand up against the militaray alliance which guarantees my security and defends europe from moscow since the cold war . 
  why do n't you stand up against that crazy putin and stop listening to his retarded propaganda ? 
  i must admit , he played it well to milk both cows , already eu lifted most of the sanctions against him and since some time even before invasion of ukraine there was some dispute with moscow . 
  make no mistake , the ukrainian scanrio can happend the same way in belarus and i 'm sure that lukashenko knows it very well . 
  if shit hits the fan , he will have no choice . 
  not everywhere , it would be easy to find a place where never was any flood and construct a plant in there . 
  these groups are made of volunteers which begun organising in 2014 or even before russian invasion of ukraine . 
  the correct gov was collaborating with them as well . 
  also ... what kind of a gov would ** not ** portray itself as a defender of the country and its interests ? 
  come on , who cares about these guys , except for russian `` media '' ? 
  arresting this clown is just some message to russia . 
   internal opponents funny thing is that 's also the narration of local leftist media and their foreign comrades , except for the russia part because there 's * putinisation * in poland . 
  the white polish reactionary regime already arrested [ mateusz piskorski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mateusz_piskorski ) , the brave leader of the opposition and publicist of the only true websites and independent media . 
  our fight continues ... 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  it 's not very funny but it happends and it 's just a quite drastic example of what it 's about , false promises of dream jobs abroad . 
  belarus and russia are [ union state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belarus%e2%80%93russia_relations ) and there 's also kaliningrad . 
  still , even if their invasion would make no sesne we should be prepared for every scenario . 
  i have my doubts if these units could be effective , but people organize anyway and there 's quite a bit of volunteers so it would be better if gov will cooperate with ( and control ) them instead of ignoring . 
  also few years ago we resigned from conscription ( it was a mess under that minister ) and army personel was reduced , people do n't have any [ weapons ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qkdlju2.jpg ) and very poor training in the schools . 
   nowadays , some polish libertarian politicians complain that current tax burden is heavier than most serfs had to contribute to their lord ... 
  i 've heard that from prof. gwiazdowski few years ago , but i 'm not listening to the libertarian `` politician '' ( if you mean the `` king '' ) and i guess he could repeat after gwiazdowski . 
  would you like to be a fasion model in ~ ~ poland ~ ~ eu ? 
   russia only wants peace and stability how cute ... you really ca n't be serious , putin isolated himself by invasion of ukraine , no matter what his little bitches says , he made a terrible mistake . 
  that 's the main threat to the peace in europe , not nato which is the same like eu stabilising whole continent . 
  no , gda\u0144sk was inhabited by germans , dutch , scots , jews , some poles and local kashubians , which identify as polish anyway . 
  it was a huge , extremaly rich and powerful city in the mouth of vistula which managed almost whole trade going out of poland and half of ukraine . 
  when germans took it in partitions the city was made to pay terrible taxes and it was cut out of vistula . 
  the people got totally germanised or emmigrated and after wwi there was built gdynia which dominated baltic trade by 1938 . 
  well , communism was the system of workers , or actually poorly paid , fed and exploit workers doing massive public projects for nothing ... ok , maybe it was not just that because something completely different was made with kaliningrad . 
  good point , everybody should know what are the consequences of living in dirt . 
  also there 're no earthquakes or tsunamis in poland , it 's far more safe than in asia . 
  but i doubt that it really depends on common people . 
  i mean in general . 
  germans are actually closing their nuclear plants and use coal which is just irrational . 
  sure , but why nobody was complaining like it 's now ? 
  since years i hear about problems with electricity and coal mining , what did the previous gov about it for eight years was clearly said by bie\u0144skowska , but the tapes were `` illegall '' so everything 's alright . 
  the current gov just patched it with more money ... 
  i stand corrected , thanks . 
  you mean using electricy to reduce consumption of gas and oil ?
