  both rape and aborting offspring is traumatic and dangerous experience also for women . 
  i know it 's extremaly painful , but i do n't make the rules , mammals reproduce by fertilisation and then they develops in female uterus until birth . 
  there 's no other way of reproduction . 
  i 'm not going to sink into this level . 
  good day . 
  i agree with most of these points except that i 'm also considering the rights of newly created human and i do n't think that neither of parents should be allowed to terminate its life . 
   people died which people ? 
  i agree it should be done sooner , all of the services of far lefty regime should be replaced and controlled by democratically elected representatives . 
  in civilised countries there 's zero tolerance for criminal activity in administration and services . 
  i disagree , rationalisation of aborting humans is dangerous , especially with something so trivial and egoist like comfort . 
  the biologic function of sex is reproduction , pleasure is just a `` side effect '' . 
  contraceptives are ways to `` cheat '' the nature and have the second one without the first , but when it hapends then it 's another human organism that we 're dealing with . 
  what 's a `` person '' ? 
  sorry , but such unspecyfic and vague terms are subjective and can be established or abolished at will of some politician . 
  truth is , even if we consider developement of central nervous system or whichever condition to consider that human worthy , we ca n't determinate exact time when this happends . 
  it 's all just estimation . 
  yea , i get the joke , but unfortunatelly for you i 'm a non believer and in opposite to many people around here i know the difference between a living organism and gamete such as sperm . 
  sorry to not fit in your convenient stereotypes . 
  what about them ? 
  we condemn these people for their deeds , like * aborting * millions of lives , not because we do n't like their moustaches . 
  well , obviously since you would n't exist . 
  typical misconception ... gemetes and somatic cells are not organisms , this begins with fertilisation ( exactly with first mitotic divisions ) . 
  just because we do n't see or register something , it does n't mean that does n't exist . 
  sure , that 's why i say that parents ca n't control the `` bodies '' of their babies and decide their life and death . 
  no , i do n't . 
  is there any ? 
  different names for the same result , which is death . 
  so why do you abandon humans which , for whatever reason , you do n't consider worthy ? 
  and this is called `` progress '' by some ideologues . 
  birth is not the census , not even in countries which promote aborting humans . 
  i still do n't see how comfort of mother can excuse termination of another human if it was conceived through a willfull act of sex and as for medical conditions , it 's very rare , pregnancy is a natural process which brought us all to life , including women . 
  calling it a `` torture '' is just wrong . 
  this is a secondary issue , even orphanage is better than death , but adoptions should be promoted and encouraged anuway because even unwanted people deserve some love and happiness . 
   debilitating parasitic relationship some humans at age 30 are not able to survive without their parents in the real world . 
  and again , offspring organism is another `` body '' . 
  so work on a way how to save humans instead of removing them , that 's what is medicine for . 
  the offspring body , organism actually , is not mother 's organism . 
  it 's defenceless and ca n't claim its rights . 
  ask your biology teacher , the `` baby '' is just a common name and no , sorry but we do n't grow from tadpoles . 
  the laws come and go , but i hope that science is not voted in congress , all the mammals are incapable of surviving without their mothers and thanks to the progress we were able to save countles numbers of prematurely born humans . 
  i 'm not a mosquito , are you ? 
  mosquito zygote is probaly the same alive and `` aware '' as human zygote . 
  cell biology was just a one course in my uni . 
  you should know the difference between somatic cells , generative or gametes and a living organism . 
  you should also know that mammals are dependant on their mothers for quite a long time after birth , without thier milk and defence they 're just * aborted * . 
  this way we can argue against every law , against penalising murder , thevery , rape , whatever ... 
  this is the problem in my opinion , a conflict between a human life and comfort of another , on which that life depends because of natural conditions . 
  once again i repeat , fetus is just a human in pre natal stage of life and birth is not the beginning of life . 
  no arguing here , it 's just how it is . 
  well , you actually did when you compared humans to yeast and bread ... but i wanted to be polite and answered . 
  humans until more or less age 3 have no long term memory and self awarness . 
  making up conditions under which it 's allowed to terminate a human is a dangerous , slippery slope ... first of all , i never said that every stage of human developement is equal . 
  what kind of `` developement '' would that be ? 
  secondly , it 's again this `` sacred sperm '' fallacy , so i 'll repeat ... gametes , or generative and somatic cells are not organisms . 
  do they also teach about the cycle , how to know the fertile and `` safe '' days ? 
  i was studying biology and biotechnology , but i must say that also my high school biology teachers were quite open and helpful . 
  the pupils attention and willingness to learn was another thing ... 
  i 'm suspicious about these organisations because they 're usually filled with leftist activists spreading their ideology rather than science and confuse both . 
  then i see people arguing that fetus is not a human or is not alive ... which is obviously a bs . 
  no , not just on reddit , but they 're just looking for arguments like in every discussion . 
  of course i disagree with these points and challange them , but it 's kinda hard to fight so many people folowing such a strong lobby ... 
  i do n't mind downvotes , even if i do n't feel like my coments deserve these . 
  i 'm not expecting that and many times i 've said it 's unrealistic ( there was some user which advocated it ) . 
  it 's unrealistic , but factually correct that without intercourse there 's no possibility of fertilisation . 
  unfortunatelly i 'm a non believer , but natural laws never change , we can only discover and describe them . 
  the progressive ( human ) laws are memrely our creation and i hope i do n't have to bring examples of bad , stupid , or even barbaric laws that there used to be . 
  humans are not perfect and neither their laws are . 
  it 's very relevant . 
  bacteria is not a representative of my specie , all of these pointless comparations are just dehuminising and leads to ridiculous dead ends like cannibalism . 
  you 're just debating whether humans are bacterias or fungi ... 
  very identified and no , not after nine months . 
  no idea what 's a human `` being '' , i 'm not a philosopher and with all my respect to humanist sciences i do n't think they 're materialistic and objective . 
  i 'm sorry to say , but phisical , natural sciences are on my side and according to them a `` ball '' of even 2 living , growing and multplying , metabolising and reacting cells with human dna are a human organism . 
  the only way to justify aborting humans is to argue against their developement and ability to feel the pain or emotions , which is again highly subjective and ca n't answer their ability to develop these features . 
  still i ca n't agree that we have no control over the choice of our partners and experiences that we share , which is sex in this case . 
  failure of contraceptives is just an accident , like miscarriage , it ca n't be controled , as every accident it 's just unintended . 
  nobody should be treated with contempt and especially nobody should be punished and terminated because of actions of the other people . 
  the advatage humans have over the other animals is that their brains can control their instincts and shape the enviroment in accordinace to their needs . 
  again i repeat , a sane and civilised person ca n't be unawared of relation between intercourse and procreation , so if it happends then it ca n't be against their will , except for rape . 
  and i say that the first and foremost reason for existence of gov and code of laws is protection of humans . 
  the argument for adjusting the law to the criminals is a fallacy , there will be always crime no matter how hard we fight it and i mean every kind of illegal activity . 
  once again , i absolutelly agree on that , education and access to each and every possible method of contraception should be a standard . 
  pregnancy is still a natural process and except for few extreme cases it 's not fatal for monther or her offspring , especially now with the progress ( the real one ) of sicience . 
  i do n't see how a human is guilty of its parents deeds , it 's not like a baby is brought by a stork to the women uterus ... 
  human organisms matures after puberty , at least in phisical way . 
  life is a process and maturing takes many years in case of mammals , especially humans . 
  well , we had that `` technology '' in stone age already , but then we developed more refine and less harmful ways to deal with our nature and organise our societies in less violent ways . 
  this is not sparta anymore ( joking ) and i repeat that rape is not allowed so the whole point about women `` soverignty '' is invalid . 
   pathetic , parasitic collection of cells we all once were this is revolting ... ca n't say if you 're just another uneducated ignorant or simply demoralised , inhumane troll . 
  it 's xxic and still some people do n't understand what is life and how it 's reproducting , but i will give you a free lesson ... 
  the life begins with `` conception '' ( fertilisation ) or more exactly with the first mitotic divisions , it 's a living organism according to every scientific definition . 
  and if they also consider their own cycle and use this knowladge then it 's close to impossible . 
  it 's a shame that these things are not taught in the schools . 
  government does n't make the laws of nature , if it 's not a rape then nobody 's forcing women , it could be just unintended fertilisation . 
  somehow our mothers managed with that and billions of others too , at least for that we should be thankful to them . 
  again , goverment is not forcing people to procreate , that 's a ridiculous claim . 
  health issues , especially lethal should be considered of course , but how can a gov value a one life over the other ? 
  it should be the choice of mother , but only in extreme conditions . 
  i agree about contraceptives , but there 's also developement in this field and it will continue for sure . 
  thanks , as you can see it 's more complicated .
