  this is the same thing , short sighted policies , under the pressure of big corporations , massmedias or politicians . 
  unresolved issues will always come back and hit you even harder . 
  it was all about the colonies . 
  britain was not interferring much on the continent before or after that , it was the `` holy '' alliance led by russia which ruled in xixc europe . 
  was n't it tony blair who found the `` weapons of mass destruction '' in iraq ? 
  in my opinion he should be put on trial , next to george w. bush and that drunker kwa\u015bniewski , also for the secret cia prisons . 
  it 's a shame we took part in it , we 're all partly responsible for the current situation in iraq . 
  uk was kinda isolated from continental politics , it was about the colonies which were challanged by france . 
  dude , i do n't know what 's your point . 
  why ? 
  i 've said it already that we have no agreement which oblige us to tolerate illegall migrants . 
  the countries which ca n't or refuse to protect their borders are breaking the intrnational law . 
  it is a matter of power , or money , which we can and should use for keeping these immigrants from being smuggled ( illegally ) to the schengen area . 
  there 's just no political will to do it . 
  yes , is n't it pathetic that oh so powerfull eu ca n't track these smugglers or protect its borders ? 
  becouse noone even tries to do anything else about it . 
  this is not the only , but the easiest solution for these `` elites '' and it 's not temporary since they do n't even consider the future problems that will surely come after . 
  it 's so easy to label every opposition by some insultive slogan and just force your ways upon everybody . 
  call me a `` racist '' or whatever , i do n't mind it anymore , i just do n't want intolerant , muslim fanatics in my country , i could however accept the christian people which are being persecuted by these muslims in the middle east since it 's a matter of their survival and not just their comfort . 
  pick them up and send back to the smugglers . 
  we can help these countries and `` convince '' them to take these people , even for economic help , it would be cheaper and less problematic for europe . 
  lybia is a war zone for a reason and i hope we can all agree that was a bad idea for europe to depose gadaffi ( even if he was a dick ) . 
  i disagree , it 's just the easiest solution which does n't involve un and the other states , but makes europe responsible . 
  also , i do n't see anybody talking about it , as usually i do n't see any long term solutions proposed by the european `` elites '' . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_haitian ) you have a wiki article about them , i remember some french and polish docus on our tv also . 
  read about prince [ j\u00f3zef poniatowski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j%c3%b3zef_poniatowski ) , marshall of france . 
  also a one uncle of mine is kozietulski , a relative of a [ jan kozietulski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_kozietulski ) known from the charge of somosierra . 
  borders are as well on the waters . 
  they just needs to be protected . 
  there 're another solutions . 
  we could have agreements with the countries that the migrants are passing by , help them return on our boats from international waters , but most of all ... we could help these countries they 're coming from , or at least we could stop destbilising them . 
  migration is not a solution , the real problems are deeper in these countries and we should adress that . 
   with an emperor elected by the people , mind that napoleon did n't just usurped the title . 
  back where they came from . 
  if they have no evidence of citizenship , that 's the problem of a country which allows them to pass its border . 
  so is europe obliged by some international law to take them , or is it just about emotional compassion ? 
  just that it was either france or the `` holy '' alliance , mostly russia , which could set the `` order '' in xixc europe . 
  in poland he 's admired by many , even our current [ national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2nmfhubvqta ) ( yugoslavia borrowed this melody ) comes from these times and napoleon is mentioned there . 
  personally i 'm a bit confused , since he was an allie of russia at some point of time and gave them bia\u0142ystok , attacked spain and used our troops , which were quite cruel in the siege of zaragoza , or sent them on santo domingo ( haiti ) where they joined the rebels and stayed . 
  napoleon was a great man , not a perfect one , but even his enemies had to respect him . 
  poland accepted thousands of greek migrants in 1940s , i think we should take christians from middle east since they 're in danger , muslims are n't , they 're dangerous and people do n't want any problems here . 
  the question of russia and ukraine may looks `` funny '' from a greek perspective , from here it looks very serious , especially if we 're helping ukrainian immigrants . 
  btw . 
  we contributed with 40bln $ for the fiscal pact to help $ zone , even if we 're keeping our currency . 
  greece should be never admitted and should leave it a long time ago to devaluate its currency , it would be better for you . 
  slightly problematic ... 
  remind me , which treaty makes all of eu members to accept portions of ( illegal ) migrants that arrives in some country . 
  do n't get so much dramatic , i 'm not talking about attacking and sinking the boats of migrant smugglers , but there 's no law which forbids rescuing them and sending back . 
  bismarck was later , read about the congresse of vienna and the `` holy '' alliance . 
  not to mention the revolutions of 1848 and pleanty of others in france , belgium or poland . 
  wwi was more about domination on the continent and in colonies , not about the political regimes and national self detrmination which were `` acidentally '' results of it ( thank you pres. 
  wilson !, 
  if it would be just possible , unfortunatelly the nature hates void . 
   weed all i know is that most of it in warsaw comes from chinesse plantations in suburbs , not vietnamesse . 
  in general i think the asian immigrants are not misbehaving and they 're peacefull , in opposite to the muslims or gypsies and this is why people are `` intolerant '' or just have their ( negative ) opinions about them . 
  it works both ways and it 's just annoying how `` tolerantionists '' pretends like there 're no problems with migrants , but rather with the locals . 
  yeah , i 've seen the arguments against deportation of illegal ( underline ) migrants , but still they 're not convincing for many . 
  i see no reason why australia can do it and europe ca n't . 
  than maybe it would be better under french `` hegemony '' . 
  we 'll never know that , europe had to wait until wwi for the final demise of these absolutist monarchies and the establishment of national states . 
  was europe under russian , prussian and austrian hegemony a better place ? 
  pity that napoleon lost to the colaition of absolutists . 
  for the whole xixc this un-holy alliance was keeping `` order '' in europe until wwi . 
  i wonder how many of them are displaced becouse of religion , especially in syria and iraq . 
  we have quite a bit of vietnamesse in poland as well , never heard people complaining about them , lots of people likes their food . 
  in my primary school there were two black guys , kacper and masele , kids were more interested about them than `` intolerant '' . 
  thanks for the coffee anyway . 
  so how 's that `` intolerance '' manifested ? 
  i see just a survey about `` negative opinions '' , is it not allowed anymore to have opinions ? 
  good question . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  recently , in presidential elections , there was discussed the subject of christian refugees from syria and as far as i remember , noone opposed it . 
  people are afraid of muslims , it 's not about the unemployment . 
   poland is taking a different stand brace yoursleves , elections are coming . 
  i just hope these 500 christian families from syria , which applied for help , will not be left alone for the `` islamic state '' . 
   private company gazprom is not a private company . 
  this is , as well as north stram , not an economic , but a political project organised by the state controlled gazprom . 
  there 's no other reason why to build a pipeline bypassing poland , which is not even taking any fees from the gas transit along jamal pipeline . 
  construction of south stream is the same , irrational from the economic point of view . 
  i hope that former chancellor schroeder gets not just bashing , but criminal charges for corruption . 
  half a million in a country of about 70 million population ... 
  in opposite to germany , three and a half millions polish jews had exactly the same citizens rights as everybody and somehow nobody considers their citizenship when it comes to casualties . 
  do n't know how would these jews feel if they 'd be considered `` germans '' suddently , like you 're sugessting , i hardly doubt they 'd like it . 
  anyway , it 's not the subject of this thread , the policies of german goverment were n't the same in every place of this continent they 've occupied , not to mention the allied and collaborating goverments , which were quite independent in their internal politics . 
  what germany did in general government is not comparable to anything and it should be never forgotten , or excusesd by putting the blame just on a one party . 
  what collective guilt ? 
  everybody knows that germany then was ruled by the national socialist party and that germany now is nothing to be compared . 
  it 's about history and i do n't like poland to be confused with germany just becuse present germans refuse to accept the history of their country . 
  and millions of slave laborers exploited and abused by germans . 
  listen , this is going nowhere , i have no idea why it 's wrong to call these camps `` german '' and why it 's right to call them `` polish '' , why you feel offended and why we should n't . 
  this is not just about double standards , but it looks like germans are ashamed of national socialists ( quite rightfully ) and you wants germany to not be connected with them , which is unfortunatelly impossible . 
  unfortunatelly these camps are being connected with poland , which has nothing to do with them , except of their preservation and commemoration of victims . 
  this is about history and by no mean related to post war generations of german people . 
  yes , i can imagine this is just a `` creative '' journalism from rt , but given the experience of north stream and gazprom , which is a state controlled company , it sounds kinda suspicious . 
  why is that not `` fair '' if that was the name of the country recognised by everybody , including germans , then ? 
  it 's not about `` fairness '' , but about the truth and i 'm not suprised that germans do n't want to be `` confused '' with national socialists . 
  ok , so the jews , homosexuals etc were germans , the national socialist goverment of germany was n't german , now i get it ... as for the jews , there were very few of them in germany , which makes the national socialist propaganda even more ridiculous . 
  the first plans were already in 80s , they 've started construction in \u017barnowiec , but abandoned it . 
  later from time to time this issue was coming back in some political discussions , but now they 've made a `` company '' for that , put some guys in the offices and gave them handsome salaries . 
  as for the lithuanian power plant , i 'm not even sure if we 're still invsting into that or how 's that going .
