  start looking for that `` homophobia '' in my comments , i 'd really like to see what 's that according to a fanatic . 
  there 're many things and people that i disagree with and many annoys me , which does n't mean i 'm ignoring or hating them . 
  i understand what equality means , i just didsagree with the redefinition of if which means just equality between two groups of people . 
  should i give examples of people which are not homo , nor heterosexual or do n't live in relationships between two people ? 
  you still refuse to acknowladge existence of them and the whole point i 'm making , i have no idea if you understand it since you do n't even try to adress this question . 
  also , the current institution of marriage gives privillages to the ones that have a right and will to access it and i see no reason for that . 
  it 's not just about these or the other people , but about the whole institution . 
  do n't be so sensitive , especially if you was sugessting many negative things to me as well . 
  no idea how can you notice the `` tone '' of a written text , but really i have no intention to insult anybody or to answer to provocations . 
  i can be cynical or sarcastic , but that 's nothing personal . 
  it 's not about me and it 's not about making whole society equal , just to make several groups of people equally advantaged . 
  you wrote the other half , i just fixed that for you . 
   but sadly , not true sadly , you 're again repeating the same slogans and accusations , which is quite amusing , but makes absolutelly no sense . 
  you may call that `` truth '' or `` arguments '' , but that 's just primitive trolling and i do n't see a reason to respond in the same manner . 
   read up you should do it first before ranting about it and when you 're at that , try to find something `` homophobic '' in my comments . 
  i guess it 's enough to have a different opinion to be called `` enemy '' by the fanatics . 
  you still do n't get this example of `` discrimination '' . 
  i 'd say that i 'm disappointed if i 'd expect rational discussion with you . 
  ... for privillages equal to the heterosexual couples . 
  you makes no arguments , just repeat slogans , so do n't expect me to take it seriously . 
   ca n't refuse arguments start making them . 
  calling someone a `` homophobe '' ( whatever that is ) and whineing about ad hominem is not any argument . 
  there was no argument there to discuss with . 
  again this hypocritic whineing ? 
  i 'm not going anywhere at least for now , but i 'm kinda loosing hope that you 'd be able to bring anything else but these slogans . 
  you 're wasting my time . 
  wow , you actually wrote such a long a comment with no apparent content . 
  that 's some acheivement . 
  please , let me know when you will grow up . 
  classic example of your lack of understanding . 
  i 'm not putting words in your mouth , i 'm just exaplaining again and again what 's behind this slogn of `` equality '' , it 's just for the chosen ones , so what kind of equality it is ? 
   discrimination !, 
  so , do you finally see how ridiculous is that martyrology ? 
  or do i have to use the label of s/arcasm to make it easier for you ? 
  dude , you are making drama together with the rest of leftys , if you feel offended when i mention that , then i 'm just sorry for you . 
  guess that should be labelled as `` hate speech '' as well and censored , i 'm a `` homophobe '' after all and just a class enemy that is going to die ... you whine too much , also about that `` ad hominem '' , but just to give you a reason , i 'm calling you a hypocrite . 
   history has many examples ... and present has many examples how these people , after getting equal civic rights , are promoted and supported since they 're still disadvantaged , at least according to the far left . 
  one more thing from history is that poland was the only country that never criminalised homosexuality , noble women could inherit properties and they could even vote if they were paying taxes . 
  that , together with religious tolerance , was already here since ages . 
   `` mohair berets '' the `` midgets of reaction '' ... really , the time goes by and the lefty hatred is not changing a bit , but fortunatelly it 's only a narrow extreme today . 
  if that makes you feel better , keep dreaming , but it would be better to calm down and face the reality . 
  were n't we talking about the demographics of conservative electorate already ? 
  do i have to quote everything in order for you to not get confused and mess everything up ? 
  no , you never answered to the point i 'm making all the time , that you wants to privillage just another people , while to keep `` abusing '' the others . 
  i guess you do n't get the fact that there 're other people than just homo and heterosexual couples . 
   why just two and why adults ? 
  obviously that was about `` inequality '' since you exclude these people from benefits . 
  indeed , it 's funny how you wants to ... `` discriminate '' them . 
  seriously ? 
  what 's the point of repeating the same thing which i 've answered for already ? 
   what changed geocentrism blablabla you 're really a drama queen ... and moreover , you did n't get the point , again and again changed the subject for some absurdal theories . 
  keep whineing about the strawman . 
   when people like you die out is that a promise , comrade ? 
  just face the facts , polish society is conservative and the `` progressive '' brainwashing is not working , we have a new president and soon there 'll be a new gov while the lefty radicals will be out of parliament . 
  i guess you still do n't see a difference between `` it 's hard to ignore '' and `` i want to ignore '' ... but that 's just your problem . 
  what `` equal rights '' activists and what `` rightist propaganda '' ? 
  i 'm not propagating anything and i 've never actually heard anyone telling what i just do . 
  you still refuse to understand that giving benefits to another group of people is no `` equality '' when the others do n't get it . 
  how is that rational ? 
  i 've never called you a `` stupid activist '' or insulted in any other way , but you 're obsessed about this fetish of `` equality '' and just for a one group of people , which makes absolutelly no sense . 
   anti-minority so apparently if you disagree with the lefty inventions , you must be `` anti '' someone , or just a bad guy overall , right ... no , it 's exactly what they wants , to have privillages that another group of people have , not everybody . 
  they are n't any more disadvantaged than anybody else who 's not married for whichever reason . 
  fine , so do n't discuss it , stay with your dogma and insult everybody who 's challanging it . 
  now you 're making it up , i 've said it 's hard to ignore this noisy minority and their belivers such as yourselve , if i 'd want to ignore it , i could finish this conversation a long time ago or just stay out of this lefty portal , which is going to consor me sooner or later . 
  that `` equality '' is just an empty slogan , homo and heterosexuals are not the only people ... how many times do i need to say that before you finally understand ? 
  instead of making up stuff and accusations why do n't you just answer ? 
  that 's no contradiction , i 've said what 's my personal opinion and what 's the opinion of legislators . 
  also becouse of the other , mentioned people i think that just the minors should be protected and supported and the idea of a state regulating marriages should be abandoned . 
  you are making a drama over something that exists only in this martyrologic propaganda , these are not any `` facts '' . 
  just becouse someone is not granted the privillages that the others can enjoy is not `` abused '' yet . 
  besides , this whole discussion started with some paranoid whineing about the elected president while the previous one and their goverment did n't done nothing to appease these deamands of homosexuals and left extremists . 
  so , what 's going to change in this matter ? 
  nothing . 
  ffs you started it and i really do n't want to continue conversation on this `` level '' . 
  so is it also `` idiocy '' to say that the heterosexuals have special rights ? 
  i guess you call everybody who disagree with you an `` idiot '' and then you whine about `` hate speech '' . 
  it 's hard to ignore these annoying activists , politicians and journalists when they 're pushing this martyrologic propaganda on every ocassion . 
  extreme ? 
  i 've changed no position and still we 're discussing your accusations of `` discriminating '' homosexuals . 
  why just two and why adults ? 
  there 'll be always `` discriminated '' people if you grant privillages to selected groups of people . 
  i 've said it already , the state should n't organise any marriages or relationships between the people . 
  i 've said just that there 's at least some reason to sanction the relationships between heterosexual people becouse of the kids . 
  again this drama ... there 's no discrimination or abuse allowed , it 's only that the heterosexual couples can sanction their relationships which gives them both , privillages and responsibilites . 
  ... i could say that you 'd like ernst rohm , but that would be the same retarded `` argument '' . 
  first of all , calm down . 
  secondly , a strawman is something else than misundarstanding and i 'm afraid that 's the case here . 
  you still ca n't understand that not everybody is homo or heterosexual and that 's no `` equality '' when you give privillages just to these people . 
  we have been over this and you still do n't get that the others would be still `` discriminated '' . 
  why irony ? 
  honestly i think you should n't use this kind of `` arguments '' . 
  i have no idea about america . 
  laughter is a valid response to these demands . 
  in general i advice you all to relax a bit and think rationally . 
  unfortunatelly i must agree and i wish you the same . 
  ... and the leftys wants to tell you that you can marry few more persons , while the rest ca n't do so and it 's supposed to be `` equality '' . 
  the marriage serves mostly the security of women and children , it 's rational and i can understand this privillage even if it 's `` unequal '' and even if i think it should n't be granted to anybody . 
  britain and several other eu members also refused to sign this charter . 
  what `` discrimiantion '' ? 
  i tell you once again that it 's all about giving privillages to the other group of people , not to everybody .
