  ... no matter if people are `` stupid '' , as long as you have democracy you have to respect their opinioins and if you disagree then you should rather try to convince them instead of insulting . 
   trust people if what you learned is that we should limit democracy then i 'm really sorry to inform you that it 's not goin to work for a long time . 
  as for media , that 's nothing new and works in every direction , except that in britain there 's no clear domination of a one side . 
   balance democracy and sovereignty of its member states how ? 
  the ep is not really democratic as there 's no european demos , people vote for the local parties more than any issues or factions which are just alliances of these parties . 
  actually the ep elections have very low turnouts in every member state because people do n't really see any point in it . 
  ep is useless and has a little legitimacy , the people elects their representative in national elections and they should represent them in international organisations such as eu . 
  milosz zeman is an embarassing drunker and even if just 49 % of czechs are in favour of staying in eu , barely 34 % wants to leave . 
  parliament would not support this idea and debate on a referendum goes on since at least march . 
  there 's a war in ukraine already and if putin would want to risk a full invasion then it would happend some time ago . 
  still , neither eu nor nato has any obligations to defend neutral states and this is also why russia invaded it . 
  the support is little and i doubt that anybody knows about it , it 's also support for baltic states . 
  no , it 's not funny and their ideas are exactly the reason they should n't be ignored . 
  typical insults and accusations of `` nazism '' or whatever does n't work , it 's just not serious and nobody would be convinced by this type of `` debate '' . 
  besides , these organisations are reaction to the german `` mainstream '' politics which failed or even refused to take these people seriously and adress their concerns . 
  they turn to russia and moscow use them just because of that and it 's only getting worse with welcoming the `` refugees '' , enforcing internationalism and centralisation of power in eu . 
   pro-european shithole is it ? 
  the case of moldova is not related , it was before nato and eu even thought about joining the post communist states ( except for east germany ) . 
  yes , i know there exists something like that but it 's not really efective or considerable deterrent , rather a stabilising or policing force . 
  ok , i guess i 'm still confusing intervention ( un resolition - french execution , with some aid from eu members ) with stabilising and actually training mission conducted by 200 instructors and 150 soldiers from france , czech rep. and spain . 
  do n't get me wrong , i support such missions and i wish poland would engage in more un or the other stabilising and policing missions . 
  we should also immidieatelly after the parish attacks join the french anti isis coalition , but ... we should n't go on `` adventures '' to iraq before , for example and others should n't intervene in lybia . 
  you 're again making excuses , the truth is that france and italy do n't care about ukraine , baltic states or poland , they would rather like to ignore russia , give it a free hand in post soviet area , trade and cooperate as usuall . 
  sorry , the fact that usa gives most of the muscle to nato , engage in these recent exercises and just reacts to the politics of russia is just so obvious that i was n't even considering that . 
  of course i 'm grateful but also i 'm disappointed that some of our european allies do n't really want to support us . 
  sure but there 's no compromise anyway . 
  i mean also the maneouvres which are ongoing annuwaly since at least 1999 and includes scenarios of nuclear attack on warsaw and supressing an uprising of polish minority in belarus . 
  neither your media , nor nato answered , there were no exercises here until recently so there 's no way to talk about equivalents , not to mention that even the biggest so far `` anakonda '' 2016 was twice smaller than any `` zapad '' . 
  i 'm not talking just about russians but your media in general and theur relation to other issues that the russian propaganda is using , for example the so called `` refugees '' or smearning some organisations like pegida or afd with typical slogans and insults . 
  the `` nationalist movements '' will not be replaced by some social engineering and childish propaganda . 
  the [ polls ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.07_brexit-00.png ) indeed change , but even that little `` rebound '' was below 2004 and that 's quite a long perspective . 
  do n't trust me , look at the opinion polls and trends , especially in western europe . 
  maybe if your media would bother to report about russian and belarussian exercises , embargos and other actions in past decade then maybe people would understand it but also there was n't any reaction from nato and eu until recently . 
  i do n't see you making any compromises and i do n't think that 's a big effort to send few units to exercise right behind the border . 
  russia does a great job on the field of propaganda , i must admit that but the european `` elites '' makes their work so much easier ... 
  especially mass media which seems to be completely one sided and repeating each others with just a one set of accepted opinions . 
  there 's no eu defence structire . 
  we do n't need any foreign adventures and the action in mali was issued by un and i do n't see how does it explain french absence on nato drills in poland , baltic states and baltic sea . 
  it 's not a serious explanation . 
  also , what about italy ? 
  i do n't see how we can enforce the surreal idea of eu taxes for many , very different countries and i do n't see how 's that related to security or nato which is the real thing and not some unclear and controversial idea . 
  we 'll see about trump but so far i can see mostly american commitment and some ridiculous excuses from some of our neighbours and allies . 
  not going to happend , ever . 
  no , not okay . 
  i want to know when nato or its members ( i guess you mean poland ) tried to `` overthrow '' goverment . 
  what 's wrong with lithuania ? 
  poland gets that much money just because it 's big ( estonia get more per capita for example ) but it 's really not that important , we joined eu just in 2004 and our gdp was already double of that in 1991 and developed even faster before . 
  the important thing is freedom of trade , exchange of services / work and movement . 
  what history and culture ? 
  you mean xixc under russian empire and xxc under soviets ? 
  sorry to say but current belarus looks like a museum of communism , it 's stuck in the past , isolated and dependant on russia . 
  yes , lets not turn it into absurd . 
  it 's just a simbol but it does n't work well when allies publicly express doubts , supports narration of russia and refuse to participate in common exercises , it makes the whole alliance looks weak and unstable . 
  nato invaded no countries , rather executed un resolutions and just once or twice , approved also by russia which does n't bother to do it when it was invading dozens of post soviet states , including our neighbour ukraine . 
   overthrow government here when ? 
  i guess you 're confusing opposition protests with military invasion or repeats the old soviet propaganda in which czechoslovakia was rescued by the warsaw pact from a nazi conspiracy ... 
  ok , same goes for czechia , hungary and poland ( at least now ) which have similar position about the `` refugees '' . 
  there 're many differences and conflicts of interests or opinions in eu , it does n't mean exactly that slovakia has a bad reputation when it disagree with germany . 
  i 'm not exactly worried about poland , more about ukraine but this kind of moves and politicians in the western europe just supports russian politics and makes us all ( eu/nato ) look weak . 
  that 's a big difference and a one of the reasons that our ways were different . 
  all the post soviet states have considerable russian minorities and big influence of moscow except for baltics where it 's neutralised by the influence of `` west '' and ukraine ( maybe also georgia ) which is torn between west and east with both concepts competing since many years . 
  that 's just no conservatism but rather `` progressivism '' , moderate in comparation to the `` liberals '' and socialists which are coooperating together anyway , especially in ep . 
  i know , even if gazprom and nord stream is another stain on these relations and i mean that in more general , longer context . 
  no idea what was good about him , unless you thinks that corruption and service for foreign states is a hood thing . 
  i do n't think they 're `` mess '' but rather colder than before when poland was ruled by a german follower and praised for that . 
  anyway the most important is that germany is the biggest trading partner for poland and poland for germany at least in the east and surpassed russia few years ago . 
   france is expected to contribute a 250-strong company to the uk-led force that 's not even funny . 
  besides , it 's still just `` expected '' and i failed to see a single french soldier on any exercises in this region , but maybe it 's just my `` complex '' or maybe i just missed something . 
  i 'm not worried about him but rather ca n't trust him and this kind of excuses does n't make it any less stupid , maybe even worse . 
  i thought that was explained in comments above , at least in general that 's what french and german fms proposed ( again ) recently . 
  it does n't work like that usually , like for example about the `` european solution '' for the migrant influx to germany which was enforced by qualified majority vote which is possible since rge lisbon treaty , which was again , enforced against the will of goverments and people with just a little bit of compromise . 
  yes , it 's also written in the article and i do n't mean exactly germany , even if your assistance on exercises is very thin , not to mention the idiotic decalrations of steinmeier . 
  thanks but that 's your domestic issue , ca n't see how this can affect the foreign relations of slovakia . 
  so what kind of ideology that is ( if any ) ? 
  that 's your domestic politics , from our perspective cdu appears to be better but still interferes into our domestic politics and the same is internationalist as every `` correct '' party in eu . 
  anyway , this kind of declarations and actions of steinmeier or schroeder really makes me doubt in our relations . 
  that 's even worse , it means that the whole party wants to appease russia and ignore its actual provocations or threats , which steinmeier was not commenting afaik . 
  looks like the style of schroeder is still present there ... 
  it 's also terribly irresponsible to use this kind of `` arguments '' and play with diplomatic position of alliance for petty domestic politics and i guess compete with some communist nuts from die linke . 
  many things changed in 70 years . 
  more like the french and italians , even spaniards sends troops on nato drills here . 
  i would n't mind german `` broomsticks '' , but if their retarded fm says that exercises are `` provocation '' against russia then i 'm just wondering who are we alllied to . 
  yeah , we want to invade you and take all your potatoes but only mother russia prevents us ... 
  and why not the lithuanian or polish level ? 
  you have another neighbours and examples of post soviet or post communist countries that chose diferent way . 
  ukraine 's problems are much deeper than just the recent `` revolution '' , which changed nothing actually . 
  not to mention the russian invasion and separatism which would be most likely the same in case of belarus . 
   soviet countries who joined the eu . 
  that would be the baltic states . 
  the others were puppet states ruled by brutal leftist regimes . 
  also siding with europe did n't worked well for georgia or ukraine , totally not becaise of russian interventions ... also there 're some useful idiots in eu which excuse that , even former presidents of france of chancellors of germany . 
  even the current german fm said that the `` anakonda '' exercises are provocation against russia but of course said nothing about russian and belarussian drills before . 
  siding with europe is not that easy and now it 's not a good time to do it . 
  for how long are we going to discuss the same issues that most of member states and most of the people oppose ? 
  the system you 're talking about would be a federation or just a single `` super '' state . 
  still you enforced the double majority bullshit with the ~ ~ constitution ~ ~ lisbon treaty and we 've had to fight to put some limits on that . 
  enough of this centralisation and crawling internationalism , eu should be an union of sovereign member states . 
  and we will never be . 
  not even usa is totally integrated and only some policies are federal while most are actually local , dependant on the states . 
  what do you expect ?
