i admit , i 'm no expert , but i know at least a bit about how vast and expensive are the social privillages granted especially to all kinds of public workers . 
  bankia is not foreign , but maybe i missed some other banks that were bailed out and i 'm not sure if this or the consequnces of thier bankrupcy would be more expensive . 
  thier ideas , together with admiration to lenin is enough for me to label them as extreme left . 
  this is not important anyway , most of thier policies are either empty slogans or just irrational . 
  ... but you 're wasting money to spread glitter and help russian homosexuals . 
  those relations are becoming more and more expensive and i do n't mean just money but also stability and reliability . 
  besides , we are already paying price for embargos , but apparently some poorer countries can take it , while some richer ca n't stop complaining . 
  from what i see they 're doing some shy and moderate reforms with little , but positive results and still people ca n't stand loosing thier privillages . 
  lets face it , socialists ruined your economy and just gaved up to let pp clean it , but even with some drastic measures it would take a long time to recover . 
  i can only guess that was the whole idea of psoe to return in glory after four years of a mess caused by them , but apparently they could n't predict competition of a new , far leftist party . 
  i 'm not suprised why people could be disappointed by both major parties , but left extreme is going to make it even worse . 
  you 've seen [ nothing ] ( http://img.audiovis.nac.gov.pl/pic/pic_1-h-210-2.jpg ) . 
  ... i will never understand if leftys seriosly belive in the bullshit that they 're spreading , or just trolling . 
  mainstream media are euro onanist , absolutelly everyhing that involves eu makes them wet , you 'll not find a word of critic there . 
  the `` independent '' is by far not the biggest opposition website ( it would be rather wpolityce or bloggers platform salon24 ) and opposition is not anti eu , but i supose you just ca n't swallow any kind of criticism . 
  instead of spreading misinformation you could do your homework . 
  the only anti eu parties and organisations are liberal knp and nationalists , but thier websites and papers like `` najwy\u017cszy czas '' have very little audience , just like thier popular support is marginal . 
  implying that communist regime is anything traditional or conservative sounds like bad joke ... also as far as i know homosexuals have exactly the same rights as the other citizens of russia , except they ca n't promote thier ideas and this is more about the freedom of speech , which is limited equally . 
  it 's maybe the time some people should realeise that the world do n't revolve around several chosen minorities and pay some attention to some general and real issues . 
  no matter what putin says , he 's not a serious and trustworthy leader anymore , at least not outside of russia . 
  if we 'd have anything to say , belive me it could be different , [ besides ] ( http://www.defence24.com/news_poland-ready-to-ship-armament-to-ukraine ) ... 
  saragossa manuscript first of all . 
  i can only guess that at least thier supporters are belivers . 
  experimenting on a living body of a country is not going to end up nicely , but the thing that saddens me is that spain was ruined by far left , which gave up and let the country to be run by moderate `` right '' and now many spaniards wants even more lefty party to solve thier problems ... 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  corruption is a criminal matter and not resrved for juat a one party , but if it goes for policies pp is slowly heading in a right direction . 
  sure it hurts the people when they loose thier privillages , but they should n't be given so much of social care from the start . 
  sure , but those relations would be better if you stay in the same organisation . 
  obviously uk will not be isolated , but you 'd loose your influence on eu , which you 're not taking advantage of anyway . 
  ah , so which is the other type ? 
  look , i labeled it this way and that 's quite accurate , but it does n't matter , it 's still just some insane utopy . 
  i just warn you , happy hippies , it 's going to backfire at you and all the other , regular people . 
  why is it so essential and why is it so hardly promoted ? 
  i 've said `` whatever '' and that should be a keyword :d but anyway , i guesss that 's a `` codeblock ' , as you 've said . 
  the point is that 's kinda ... annoying , so i 've switched to ( ' ) instead of ( ` ) in the glorious / r/reddit . 
  yup , but dem redit ( look above ) ... 
  still learning . 
  english needs some love and i should polish it 24/7 . 
  eh , i know that , but our beloved reddit considers these apostrophes as some link , or whatever , i just got used to this mark just hoping everybody will understand . 
  appreciated :p, 
   asgard as a child i 've lerned a bit of norse mythology becouse of [ thorgal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thorgal ) . 
  that was such a legend - wait for it - dary , piece of a comic book . 
  ok , after seeing the way kfc makes their `` chicken '' ( haha ) nuggets i 've decided to never eat there again ( never did anyway ) , never tried max ( they are n't here , sadly ) , but chicken always looks cheap and suspicious . 
  ffs why those companies like sibylla and frasses do n't try to compete with macd in here or just around the europe ? 
  should i visit ikea every time i want to try some swedish food ? 
  such a cute martyrology ... come on , grow some balls and act as an european power . 
  nobody listens to germans just becouse they have good beer and sausages , money talks and you have it . 
  i was never to britain , but we 're all speaking english here ( ok , trying ) , my generation was watching britcoms and bbc docus in our tvs . 
  we know you and your history , even my parents listened to beatles and rolling stones , everybody knows monty python or rowan atkinson . 
  your `` soft power '' is comparable only to the one of usa . 
  it 's a mistake to isolate and let the others make decissions , you have alot to offer and you should contribute more . 
  i 'm still learning english and i 'd appreciate every help , 
  it 's always easier to complain , but seriously ... uk is , as it used to be , a major european nation . 
  maybe the `` european '' politics could get more `` moral '' or `` competent '' if germany and france will have some serious ... partner ? 
   max was the first hamburger restaurant ever to outcompete mcdonald 's restaurants good job . 
  we have no `` traditions '' in case of burgers , but i miss the hot-dogs we used to have . 
  now you can get a one for 1 z\u0142oty ( 25 $ cents ) in statoil or ikea , but this is kinda ... suspicious . 
  local pizzas and few chains ( like spanish telepizza ) destroyed pizza hut in here , but still `` turkish '' kebab and vietnamesse bars are the best and cheapest fast foods . 
  mcdonald ` s ? 
  come on . 
  are there some local or european fast food corporations and restaurants in sweden and norway ? 
  here we go again ... why is that every week there 's someone pushing this `` progressive '' invention in / r/europe ? 
  internationalism failed , even communists understood that , it exists just in some wet dreams of rosa luxembourg , feliks dzier\u017cy\u0144ski or the other `` social democrates '' of poland and lithuania . 
  get over it and move on or you 'll have even more internal troubles in eu and more of so called `` eurosceptics '' . 
   pro-eu europeanists internationalism , as every far left , utopic ideology is delusional by definition . 
   germany is probably the most ... 
  probably not , but why do n't you british join them and the french as a leading power of eu ? 
  the same said a russian ambassador to venezuela few days ago . 
  they were always making the same excuses . 
  remember what they 've said about the invasion of czechoslovakia in 1968 few months ago ? 
  they 're just repeating the communist propaganda . 
  it 's mostly a one party in coalition with several minors , which left that party some years ago , they 're all in opposition since eight years and before they ruled for less than two years . 
  i can only guess that creator of this picture considers the party of donald as `` conservative '' and the former communist party as `` social democratic '' , so i say it 's a bs . 
   social democrats what ? 
  that 's just a communist party under a new name . 
  this diagram is a bs . 
  conservatives in poland are actually more social orientated than the former communist party ( i guess `` social democrates '' in this picture ) . 
  mind that they 've just changed name and they also won elections , twice . 
  currently the lesser party in ruling coalition with `` cionservative '' ( lol ) po was a communist satellite . 
  they were , but in opposition . 
  when donald was appointed to be a pres of eu i 've heard that he 's a `` conservative '' ... also , what social democrates in poland and what happend to the communists ? 
  this is just laughtable . 
  you have no idea . 
  until quite recently there was peace between turks and kurds and if that 's escalating seriously at now , then the kurds could be recognised as `` refugeees '' in the nearest peacefull country , not somewhere far away in germany . 
  indeed , i was plenty times in polish tatra mountains , just once or twice in slovak . 
  yeah , it was the main reason why gemans could n't invide you . 
  do n't know about the british law , but at least you can control illegall migrants if you 'd just want to . 
  carpathian mountains are not so bad , just tatra mountains are quite high and slovaia is lucky to have them . 
  just like the finns are doing on your border ? 
  it 's imposible for the people t secure border there , it 's a very low populated area with forests , hills and mountains . 
  the state should fulfill its duties and stop crminals , human traffickers and others illegally crossing the border . 
  lucky slovakia to have high mountains . 
  since when there 's a war in turkey ? 
  according to this biased article . 
  also i 've said `` no ** serious ** person '' ... 
  indeed it is , but no serious person does it . 
  oh and btw . 
  you 're also confusing illegal immigrants with refugees . 
  that 's just you opinion . 
  you 're right as for nato , but there 's for example cyprus in eu which has its own territorial issues with turkish rep. of cyprus .
