  i do n't say it 's illegall , but that it 's just arbitrary to say what 's a `` specyfic '' issue and force your agenda on members which disagree like it was done in this case . 
  i 've never said that ec is undemocratic , but i 'd say that ep is because there 's no european demos and the ep factions do n't represent people . 
   eu treaties like schengen or dublin treaties which were violated by germany ? 
  i do n't know a single eu treaty about quotas of displaced people and if you mean the deal signed on eu summit then a german lapdog donald deliberatelly made it a majority based vote and stripped member states from their veto rights . 
  great , lets abort criminals , or at least potential criminals . 
  like this is in any remote way related to forced displacement of people ... 
  i know . 
  that 's short sighted politics . 
  poland was offered to join nord stream and if it would ignore russian agressive politics it could not have the highest gas prices in eu , constant embargos and other nice gestures from russia . 
  getting even more dependant on a monopolist and giving it free hand to mistreat our neighbours is not very wise . 
  no , poland is in eu for big money ... joking , but this was supposed to be mostly economic union and the funds were made long time before we joined . 
  weaimar triangle is meaningless and donald always followed merkel even against our interests , but he knows how to make good impression . 
  we have hard time with every of out govs , but german reaction now is just hysteric . 
  that 's not what i was asing for and i can imagine that there 's much more of `` hate speech '' against muslims in german net , but this is not politics . 
  ambassador was called because of `` anti polish comments of german politicians '' , that float was much later . 
  in germany holocaust denial is punishable and punishing people for lies about german death camps is just an idea so far , besides it was adenauer and his nazi secret services which run the campaign of whitewashing german guilt and blaming poland instead . 
  hard to compare , this is another league . 
  kaczy\u0144ski likes to be controvercial i guess and build his image as a strong leader , but these are words and really i ca n't see a single anti german thing in his policies . 
  we should criticise each other honestly instead of pretending that there 're no differences , poland should n't just blindly follow germany and germany should n't get annoyed when poland push its own agenda instead . 
  nord stream is mostly against ukrainian and slovak interests , germany would benefit from it and poland could also , but everybody understands that russia wants to divide us because they 're always the stroinger side when dealing with each european country alone . 
   efta there was also cefta before we all joined eu . 
   prussia back ok , as long as it 's going to be our vassal again ... 
  seriously , i hope that germans can find their identity without going from a one extreme to the other . 
  arbeiter is worker , `` gast '' means guest and i guess you know what is `` gas '' . 
  well , there was also that carnival `` comedy '' show when some clown was joking about twins from two eggs and that a one of them fell down and broke . 
  steinmeier was having a great fun , but somehow i do n't get jokes about dead people ... 
  your turn . 
  sure . 
  for example martin schultz thretened to use force against `` nationalist '' countries which refuse to follow the german migrant policy , he also said that what 's going on in poland at now is a `` coup '' . 
  many thretened to cut the european funds . 
  as for the medias , there was a lot of that over the years , but more against the people and society than the obedient gov of donald , from the recent publications i think that my `` favorite '' was berliner zeitung which wrote that `` hungary and poland are more dangerous that isis '' . 
  what kind of cooperation are we refusing ? 
  i think it would be just natural if our gov will guard our interests , but what you 're calling a ` good partner ' was the previous gov which blindly followed merkel and supported her policies in eu unconditionally . 
  they also tried to `` normalise '' relations with russia and made quite a lot of concessions towards them . 
  this naive politics resulted only in constant embargos , provocative drills with belarus , ballistic missiles in kalingrad and ended when ukraine was invaded . 
  talking about `` endagered democracy '' and other comments made by your politicians are not serving our relations same as rhetorics of our administration , but these are just words . 
  you should consider that there were few elections and governments changed since then . 
  that deal was called off by a post communist government for economic reasons , or at least that 's what they 've said . 
  the incorrect party when it was in charge about eight years ago begun construction of lng port which the correct party could n't finish until recently and now the gov resumed talks with norway about that pipe . 
  i fail to see how poland would profit from stopping the construction of nord stream , but i see how russia ( and chancellor schroeder ) will if the pipe is going to get constructed . 
  they should . 
  there 're countries like spain where unemplument is just terrible and eu is also about free movement , trade and work , it would be just in everybody 's interest to support each other . 
  only if you follow the definition of `` zionism '' , but i was reffering more to the ideas spreaded for example by the russian gov medias and their followers . 
  not sure if i understand . 
  anyway nationalists in poland are just a noisy minority , but most of people just do n't know a thing and do n't care about such exotic countries . 
  no , that 's at least since 2013 . 
  i 'm sorry that reality does n't fit your expectations , but that 's not a reason to get angry and whine . 
  not from our point of view . 
  afaik the reason is that there 's a dispute ongoing since many decades and still the oil goes to germany without any disruptions . 
  so , what 's about that `` attitude '' ? 
  lol that was unintended typo that turned ugly ... honestly . 
  background maybe , but not the identity . 
  in case of jews i guess it 's more complex because they have n't had a state until recently and even now some do n't live in it while still keeping their religion and traditions . 
   judaism , but also the state of israel yeah , it always amazed me how internationalist and atheist ( if not anti theist ) leftists were attributed with their etchnic background when it 's just a contradition . 
  it could be that , or some other , no less irrational reason , but really i ca n't understand this short sighted , self destructive attitude . 
  after initial `` refugees welcome '' even the leftists are changing this tune and their medias slowly replace that label for `` migrants '' . 
  this will have ugly consequences for germany and the rest of europe . 
  i doubt that 's the issue . 
  germany was probably the last country of eu to allow polish workers and you should know already that there 're plenty of them . 
  they could as well invite more turkish `` gastarbeiters '' like they did some time ago already or take ukrainians like poland does at now . 
  all of these people would be much easier to assimilate , educate and employ with lower social costs . 
  edit : typo, 
  look at german unemplyment rate . 
   difference between antisemitism and anti-zionism is it ? 
  anti zionism was and still is used as a disguise for the same anti jewish sentiments . 
  if we 're talking about the left , it should be mentioned that the communists ran their anti `` zionist '' campaign when israel sided with america . 
  in communist occupied poland , in 1968 exactly there was this kind of campaign run by the party and it was also a faction fight when a one accused the other of `` zionism '' , so the `` zionists '' were removed from offices , army and administration and once again the jews were fleeding poland . 
  i 've seen how the leftist medias labelled the victorious faction as `` conservatives '' or `` polish patriots '' ( deutsche welle ) , which is ignorant if not just a deliberate lie . 
  i beg to differ . 
  also , totalitarism is not exclusive for righ wing and actually was implemented on many more ocassions by the left wing regimes . 
  france does it better . 
   attitude toward us what `` attitude '' ? 
  there 's going an oil pipeline along poland already and we do n't even take any trasit fees . 
   right wing media with nazi pictures are not the things german likes same can be said about your left wing medias which abuses this `` nazi '' rhetorics , or just insults . 
  the head of pis is no more `` anti german '' than many other european politics . 
  same way it could be said that your politicians are `` anti polish '' just because they criticise our gov and i do n't even want to mention erika steinbach ... again , do n't mess emotions with politics . 
   hates do n't mess emotions with politics , this way you can dismiss any kind of criticism and interests , this is what kremlin propaganda does sine years labelling its critics as `` russophobes '' and it looks like eu use the same shallow rhetorics . 
  the gov of poland is not `` hating '' germany and eu , they just consider some differences and tries to work in our interest ( the way they see it ) which are often , but not always common with germany and eu , which in theory should be composed of equal partners . 
  i know it 's easier to have just obedient followers as it was with the previous gov , but it ca n't last forever and you should n't take differences and discussions as `` hatred '' . 
   considering the opinion of poland and others are over oh , so when these times started ? 
  mind that poland is far bigger trading partner of germany than russia is . 
   also we can use this as leverage in the future , when germans will ask as to do something against us national interests . 
  good luck with that . 
   this was raised to 50 % it was done in poland many years ago , the eu accesion referendum was valid just because it was taking place in two days , which is kinda controvercial from the legal point of view . 
  referendum petitions also needs to have at least 500.000 subscriptions and then it has to be approoved by the parliament majority , which never happends . 
  president also can organise referendum and it has to be approoved by the senate . 
   kaczynski he wish that his party would be as popular as fidesz is . 
  as for now it 's just rhetorics , hard to say what he 's actually copying except for that . 
  not sure about hungary , but in poland it 's not `` sudden '' at all , even if in a way it 's a reaction to the `` progressive '' inventions forced on european people by the leftist `` elites '' . 
  in genral it 's also reaction to the far lefty regime that used to rule in this part of europe . 
  the `` liberal '' party owned its sucess and held power for two cadentions also because it was at least pretending to be moderate and not so much revolutionary , but some of the inventions they 've passed to appease the leftists could cost them many votes . 
  none and why should there be if he 's just a private person at now ? 
  it will only tarnish his reputation , but he was suspected and accused many times in the last years so the new documents will not make a big difference . 
  it 's really hard to say what was the role of him and relation to the `` security service '' then , but his presidency ( after jaruzelski , chosen in popular elections ) was a disaster . 
  he called for premature electuions in which the `` post '' communist party won and after him there was chosen a `` post '' communist president for two cadentions . 
  not ot mention that wa\u0142\u0119sa pardoned a boss of mafia . 
   autocratic , socially conservative the `` liberal '' party in the previous two cadentions ignored dozens of referendum petitions , some of which gathered over a million subscriptions . 
  they were also collecting these when they were in opposition and then just shredded it , then a one of former founders of that party admitted it was just a `` traning for the activists '' . 
  the only referendum petition that they let to be discussed in parliament ( it needs to approove it before ) was a one about preventing abortion and it was done in campaign for obvious political reasons , two years after subscriptions were gathered . 
  another and the only that was actually organised was proposed by `` liberal '' president after he lost the first round of elections and it was a cynical move to get the voters of the third candidate , only 7 % voters showed up to participate in it ...
