  i do n't ... 
  i just quoted a shorter part this time and unfortunatyelly i got confused . 
  sorry , you was right , i was just in a hurry , but still i think the polish railroads are pathetic and should be seriously moderinised . 
  still 200 km/h is less than this minimum . 
  were they actually upgrading these rails ? 
  are iskanders outdated ? 
  no idea how many soldeirs are there , but polish army is too little anyway . 
  the treaty is not valid anymore . 
  i guess usa refused to respect it some time agho and russia deployed iskanders to kaliningrad . 
   a missile defense shield just makes poland more likely to be attacked when things go wrong . 
  how ? 
  poland is already considered as a target , russia and belarus manifested that on several manouavres . 
  the shield is not changing much in this matter . 
  russia already have iskanders there and already exercises with belarus scenarios of nuclear attack on warsaw . 
  the shield is useless for poland and actually for everybody since russia has topol-m and other mirvs . 
  times are changing . 
  at least russia di n't lied about deployment of ballistic missiles in kaliningrad , after the obama 's `` reset '' . 
  suddently . 
  again :  minimum speed of 250 km/h, 
  after wiki :  minimum speed of 250 km/h ( 155 mph ) on lines specially built for high speed and of order 200 km/h ( 124 mph ) on existing lines which have been specially upgraded . 
  sure , you can buy some fancy trains and put them on the old tracks just to brag about it . 
  the gov is fooling only the ones who never saw a high speed rail . 
   the idea what idea ? 
  there 's nothing but some wishful thinking , utopic slogans and absolutelly failed multicultural policy . 
  at the place of internationalists i 'd rather be worried about greece or britain leaving the union . 
  come on , this study is just ridiculously wrong . 
  look what kind of parties are being elected in hungary and poland , even the ruling `` liberals '' have to pretend that they do n't want $ since that 's unpopular . 
  yeah , hungary and poland most supportive , sweden and finnland the least ... do you seriously belive in this survey ? 
  i do n't . 
  pff , [ pan twardowski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pan_twardowski ) was there a century before . 
  and the pesants of wandea . 
  it was about the arms and ammunition . 
  aha , so that was the real case . 
  how was it important then ? 
  i just wanted to add some context . 
  it 's not just about bosnian waffen ss , but more about grand mufti of jerusalem . 
  allright , but it should be also added that the grand mufti of jerusalem was recruiting that waffen ss in bosnia . 
  he also organised anti british rebel in iraq and called for a jihad against the jews in radio berlin . 
  as someone mentioned here , jews and poles were n't allowed to join waffen ss . 
  it was similar in here , except that just the party members and higher officialls were avoiding church . 
  there were some executions , `` nationalisation '' of church property and collaborators called `` priests patriots '' , but it 's not so easy to control a global organisation . 
   stigmatised and considered amoral how else could be considered removing babies ? 
  i do n't care much about religion or a church , i have another reason to be against `` aborting '' humans , but it 's just suprising to hear that orthodoxy is ok with violation of basic commandments . 
  yeah , political prisoners ... ok , every state makes up some national mythology , but this thing about bastille is just hilarious . 
  so ... how many people were in that prison actually ? 
  they do , except that they 're populists so they need to consider popular opinions . 
  in 2008 donald said it will be realistic to introduce $ in 2012 , of course he was wrong , as usually . 
  so you do compare slovakia to greece , which is wrong as well . 
  that 's nice , i have a mate living in ireland and once i 've met some irish on st. patrics day in warsaw , it was fun . 
  as for emmigration and demographics , it 's a serious problem here . 
  it could get worse if we 'd adopt $ now , the same economic inequality is a reason for people to emmigrate and it will not change just becouse of a common currency . 
  it 's always nice to hear something positive about your country , thank you . 
  if it just would be true ... 
  i 'm sure that after the next elections the image of poland in the massmedias and poliical saloons will turn upside down and nobody would even question that . 
  the problem is that the personal career and connections of `` radek '' and `` donek '' have no relation to the economic and diplomatic `` muscle '' of poland . 
  not even opposition declares that we will never join $ . 
  so basicly like in every other issue , there 's no serious debate , just stertetypes and insults or primitive propaganda . 
  mind that there 're pro $ politicians currently in power , since eight years actually , so it 's not like everybody has the same opinion . 
  it 's also impossible to not tie greece with $ zone since that 's a member state of the monetary union and the others have to pay for its problems . 
  also , not just slovakia , baltic states adopted common currency too , but to compare these countries to the 6th biggest economny of eu is just naive . 
  russian orthodox church was always controlled by the goverment , whichever that was . 
   even abortion i was always wondering why in such a `` right wing regime '' of putin there 're so many humans being `` aborted '' . 
  pretty `` swell '' indeed . 
   turn violent i do n't suppose there can be anything more violent than the assasination of marek rosiak or the counter `` protests '' over some cross in warsaw . 
  hopefully there 's going to be just alot of barking , but it 's goin on for years . 
  oh and lets not forget that still there 're `` tapes '' which were n't published , not yet . 
  it was barely finished and would be the biggest building of the city in which lived very few orthodox people . 
  pillars taken from it are currently a part of the exit from the royal graves in wawel . 
  good , we should help the abused people , but not the ones which are abusing them or just looking for easy money . 
  since many years christians are fleeding iraq , egypt or syria and idiots are whineing about `` islamophobia '' in europe . 
   in the west the opposition always seem to outweigh we have also some left extremists , but they 're even smaller minority than the `` nazis '' . 
  the nationalists actually run in elections and they 're getting up to 1 % votes , it 's not like le front nationale or jobbik . 
  also , except for that annual demonstration of the nationalists , or rather thugs and football hooligans , all of them are extremly peacefull and nothing comparable to the mess which is far left doing in western europe . 
   because you are brown bullshit , there 're many asians and some blacks in warsaw , even in my primary school in 90s there were several . 
  you 're just paranoid . 
  no , you have a problem with freedom of speech and opinions . 
  no idea what do you mean by `` extreme '' , but it 's allowed to have not just lefty opinions here . 
  this kind of funds will be over by 2020 , we joined union in 2004 , so it 's about 16 years . 
  majority of these money are going back to the foreign companies , mostly construction sector and the real benefits for us is the infrastructure . 
  obviously since poland is the biggest of the new members , it 's also the biggest receiver of the funds and usually the most effective . 
  when we were asked to contribute 40bln $ to the fiscal compact , we did it , even if we ' not a member of monetary union . 
  we 're not asking anybody to help us with chechen and ukrainian refugees or immigrants and personally i would n't mind few thousands more , but there 're hundrets of thousands arriving each year and it 's going to be worse since ukraine is de facto bankrupt . 
  also i do n't think that immigration is a real problem here , it 's rather the opposite way , emmigration of about 2 millions people since accesion . 
  just the very idea of migrant quotas is not going to work , it 's naive and kind of an excuse to sweep the problem under the carpet . 
  not just poland , every member state receives different funds from the common budget , the new member states were and are just getting more in the first years after accesion . 
  to use this as an argument for enforcing demands and silencing opposition is just disrespectful . 
  the `` solidarity '' is a keyword which you can use for absolutelly anything and still it 's impossible to share every problem or to agree on a solution . 
  also , how are you going to keep these illegal migrants in the poor countries when they 're obviously trying to get into the richer ones ? 
  not even france seems to be good enough for these who set camps in calais now . 
  the migrant quotas is not going to work . 
  do n't think so , it 's not as user friendly and intiutive , but it 's good that there 's competition . 
  thanks for the link . 
  everybody 's lobbying in their own interest , but to call a moonshine made of garbage a `` vodka '' ?!, 
  and you call that `` quality '' ? 
  wtf is wrong with you ? 
  my views ? 
  my taste is that i like the real food , not the corporate crap . 
  it 's rather that your excuses serves your views , but the consumers are left with trash on their plates . 
  pity , i can always google pictures of german cities , but it 's not the same . 
  as for the net analphabetism i guess it 's even worse here , actually the oh so `` modern '' and `` liberal '' ruling party is a laughting stock of the polish net , they whine about `` haters '' and forgets that it was the opposite way many years ago .
