   burning cars ... is n't a rare thing to see i 've never seen a burned car in my entire life . 
   culture of diminishing crimes hmmmmm, 
   american show australian . 
  today heroes in sweden are handicaped guys on scooters ... 
  these policement are also a simbol of everything that is wrong with `` progressive '' societies , they 're worried not to `` provoke '' the criminals from some chosen minority , but not about the crimes . 
  same way it was in rotherham . 
  that 's really cool . 
  i always loved the idea of parks , forests and wild animals somehow integrated with the major cities and always felt proud that there 's all of that in warsaw , together with semi wild vistula crossing the city and few major forests on the outskirts in almost every direction . 
  good job bucharest . 
  so it 's a conspiracy ? 
  joking ... you 're still attributing some ideology or idea to these people , i say that opportunism is their only modus operandi . 
  their only agenda is power and money . 
  btw . 
  it 's not xixc . 
  anymore , industry was replaced by services and there 's no more `` proletaryat '' , today it was replaced by the `` opressed '' minorities , but nevermind the details . 
  the whole point is that `` liberals '' are used by the leftists to introduce their revolutionary inventions and they 're used by the `` liberals '' for propagandist support . 
  you may call it `` mockery '' or whatever if you 're more radical , but it 's just a fact that these policies are being smuggled and enforces on the european nations by a group of cynical and alientaed `` elite '' . 
  of course we 're different , you seems to be quite leftists and i 'm ... not . 
  as i 've said , internationalism , multiculturalism , feminism and the whole `` sexual '' revolution ... now , as for that `` exploitation '' , many times i was writing why that 's not the rationale of germany ( if there is any ) . 
  it was the last country to allow access to the work market for the citizens of eu member states that joined in 2004 , they did it in 2011 which was the last possible moment to avoid fines from ec . 
  they were waiting until 20014 for romanians and bulgarians , which joined eu in 2007 . 
  now , all of these cheap , but also easier to integrate and employ workers are already in britain , ireland and even spain . 
  which has a terrible unemployment . 
  they could also `` exploit '' ukrainians , that million works in poland just becuse they ca n't get to the richer countries and we let them in to replace our emmigration . 
  again you 're ignoring the policies that i was talking about . 
  you 're still looking at these people through their declarations instead of actions which are neither conservative , nor liberal , but `` progressive '' and socialist , just they 're moderate and not revolutionist . 
  then you should read more because there 's not just criticism of liberal fiscalism or foreign policy ( like that would be rightist / leftist ) , but also conservatism or national identity and there 's clear promotion of `` progress '' and internationalism . 
  ther 's nothing liberal or `` new '' about it . 
  sure , right after turkey will repay for hordes of captured and enslaved people , not to mention centuries of occupation of balcans . 
  it does , or at least some of its member parties in their countires and feminists are not representing women , so do n't equate them . 
  you ignored the point about internationalism , i could also add migrant and `` multikulti '' policies , but nevermind . 
  i know it 's all relative , these factions are composed of quite different parties also and the clear and exact definitions are outdated anyway ... 
  if you wants details about that feminist policies , i 've said i know po of donald quite well , for obvious reasons . 
  so , for the eught years they were in power , the whole party shifted to the left , took quite a lot of high ranking former members of post communist party and endorsed feminist , homosexual and other leftist organisations . 
  they introduced parity in elections , clearly a feminist invention , pm donald was visiting meetings of feminist `` congress of women '' and hired several activists in govermental offices such a ministry of education or some strange ofice for `` equality '' . 
  they sacked a one minister and deputy minister after a whole smear campaign in leftist medias just because they were catholic and actually not ashamed of it . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's not just my opinion and actions speaks louder than declarations of politicians . 
  these `` christian '' democrates are neither right , nor left , they 're just cynical opportunists without any backbone . 
  they just follow the agenda of leftist medias in order to get their ptopagandist support . 
  no , why are you asking ? 
  simple , but somehow homosexualists fights for privillages instead of declared `` equality '' ... 
  so you wants `` equality '' and privillages ... and why should n't a single person have these ? 
  privillages for everyone !!, 
  i see you still do n't understand ... what 's a `` change '' ? 
  were n't we talking about fiscal privillages ? 
  if that was n't you , then i apologise , but i can only repeat that relations between adult people should n't be sanctioned or privillaged by the state and i mean any kind of ralationships . 
  ok , you got me there , but as for krak\u00f3w it 's still not the same league as paris , rome , barcelona or venice , not even prague . 
   1,385,922 german tourists in 2014 maybe . 
  and it 's cheap . 
  today travelling is easy for all of the europeans , especially in schengen area . 
  were n't we talking about it already ? 
  that was some time ago in a one leftist newspaper ( gazeta wyborcza ) , it could take me some time to find the exact article ( if you realy wants it ) but anyway her husband ( then polish fm ) spent public money for private dinners and expensive wines . 
  he was caught because these conversations were recorded and published by a one weekly magazine , rhen its office was raided by anti terrosists ... applebaum together with the rest of leftist and pro gov journalists was defendimg these actions . 
  she should n't even comment the actions of her husband and his gov , it 's just unethical . 
  no , i do n't think it 's a `` conspiracy '' because it 's quite clear who is she supporting and what 's her agenda . 
  some time ago i also thought that she 's tustworthy and professional , but now i just ca n't read her articles without considering that she 's able to bend even the most basic rules of journalism for private interests . 
  it is n't , but still that 's a good score for quite a `` cold '' country with almost no mountains or world famous historic and natutal sites . 
   not too many tourists in poland 17th most visited country in the world, 
  she lost all of credibility in my eyes when she was defending her husband 's abuse of public money . 
  that 's indeed her agenda , or rather interest . 
  i do n't mind americans . 
   voicing some dissent to germany 's criticism of pis when ? 
  he was always supporting germany in each and every situation , thanks to him the idea of quotas was voted by qualified majority with a sudden support of his party nd its gov , against previous promises on v4 summit in prague . 
  he 's either playing the `` good '' policeman or fighting for his re election , which is doubtful . 
  his party members voted against polish candidates to several european institutions , breaking a non written agreement that everybody supports each other . 
  they even boycoted a project of via carpathia ... 
  i do n't see how donald could be proposed by polish gov for a second cadention in this sistuation . 
  [ we have ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/4f/95/10/z17387599o.jpg ) . 
  it 's the last line of defence against immigrants . 
  looks kinda [ gay ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kj95aww1t0e ) , but it 's not a drag queen yet and he can sing . 
  i do n't care for this contest anymore , but we should send [ margaret ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5noqvm_62rm ) , no idea why she lost eleiminations . 
  you 've said about a one already , internationalism and i 'd also add support for some feminist and related ideas , political correctness etc. 
  in details i could explain it just on example of po of donald , it 's not ideological , but cynical and there 's absolutelly nothing `` christian '' about these `` democrates '' . 
  anyway , it 's not easy to put these factions in one category , not even the separate parties today represents pure doctrines . 
  epp is run by cdu anyway , while ecr is completely isolated by it and the leftist factions which are gladly cooperating with these `` christian '' democrates and supporting basicly the same ideas . 
  epp is full of `` progressive '' parties or so called `` christian democtrates '' , which are basicly just cynical opportunists slowly pushing the leftist ideas , just in a moderate way . 
  as for that fiscal liberalism , it 's hard to say about any in the countries ruled by the epp members . 
  i 've said about just the state , eu still is n't a one and probably will never be . 
  obviously it depends on your personal opinions , but there 're many unsolved issues in eu and many problems which are not resolved and some are just created by european establishment , which is basicly just epp . 
  democracy , or rather `` populism '' , which is typical for each and every politician . 
  ok , but what kind of things are you talking about ? 
  true , anyway . 
  excuse me , but merkel and her epp stooges tolerates illegal migrants and instead of securing borders , they 'd rather criticise countries which does it and bend to demands of turkey which is obviously exploiting their weakness . 
  no idea what fidesz is still doing in that faction , but i guess it gives them a stronger international position anyway . 
  afaik they 're not preeching the same things , whatever that `` euroscepticism '' is , their approach to eu is based on a different idea of a state and this is a major difference . 
  what anti `` gay '' laws ? 
  i 'm not going to write all of that because it 's not the point here ( unless you really wants to know ) , but there 're arguments against extending privillages on `` non-standard '' relationships and especially against * aborting * humans ... leftys , instead of discussing and prooving their points are usually repeating such slogans as above , fearmongering and creating false martyrology , exploiting emotions instead of rational points . 
  racism or xenophoby these days are usually reaction for irresponsible and again , irrational migrant and `` multiculti '' policies , lacking assimilation and isolation of foreign cultures . 
  national identity will not be replaced in europe by an artificial , internationalist identity , but ... nationalism is not the same as conservatism and is usually misrepresented by thugs and football hoologans , which you 're confusing with conservatives . 
  no , they do n't , it 's just another old slogan which prooves nothing , but at the same time ends every discussion . 
  interesting . 
  this description should be updated after the recent behavior of akp , but it seems that everybody puts interests over sentiments , except that turkey explots the current soft and naive leadership of eu , which is not ecr . 
  that 's great , except that nobody does it . 
  you 're really confusing europe with middle east . 
  paranoid much ? 
   alliance has also affiliated itself with some non-eu parties like turkey 's akp interesting . 
  can you link some source about that ? 
  downvote them to oblivion , that will show them who 's right and who 's left ... 
  i mean wrong . 
  i was sarcasitc obviously and as i 've said it 's hardly any serious criticism here , more like labelling and mixing everything .
