  no no no , we 're not going to talk about the subjects you do n't like . 
  it 's the same since another loonatics belived that the jews and others are `` exploiting '' them . 
  besides , communists started their `` polish action '' few years before the germans and that 's just a one example of their etchnic policies . 
  no other system enslaved and starved to death as many pepople as the communist one . 
  i hate tzarist russia the same as the red one , both killed and enslaved my relatives . 
  and which war they wanted ? 
  the civil war and invasion on baltic states , georgia , belarus , ukraine and poland ? 
  i 'm sure that everybody was so much interested about the world conquest ... excuse me , the world `` revolution '' . 
  i was never to uk and when i read that it makes me pity the ones who emmigrated there and send their kids into this brainwashing machine . 
  i do n't mind people having their opinions , but teachers should leave it out of the school , or at least try to pass the actuall knowladge without demonstrating their bias so openly . 
   young people are just naturally more left leaning can confirm , it was my case as well , but that was more the high school . 
  at unversity , instead of politics i was interested in the ... other things . 
  it 's the same as killing people for being smarter , wealtheir or just having differtent opinions . 
  that was not a world war in which died millions of people but rather a disaster for the russian authority which was always retarded anyway . 
  well , lenin was a founder of maxism-lenininsm and discrimination against the `` burgeoise '' minorities was the core of this ideology . 
  actually the most discrimnated were the workers and pesants , but thats the difference between `` altruist intentions '' and reality . 
  no , the motives were differtent . 
  mind that this was all hapening in poland as well , since it was under russian occupation , so i know the reasons and consequences of that . 
  besides , there was no wwi in 1905 yet , so where was that tzar sending the troops again ? 
  i 'm afraid you do n't know what you 're talking about , but please continue , it 's amusing . 
  ok , let me try it your way ... nazism was ok , but `` hitlerism '' was bad . 
  oh and i just forgot to call you names , think about some nice insult . 
  if i may ask , where are you from ? 
  would it be excused to have a hitler bust in the calss when teaching about national socialism ? 
  anyway , i would n't trust such a teacher and it 's quite disturbing to see that the public ( i guess ) education allows such open ideologic demonstrations . 
   no idea why though . 
  i can only guess that they were hired by the local goverment , or every teacher in your country was brainwashed the same way so the cycle is closed . 
  true , that 's some next level abuse , but i 'm not sure if that 's worse than beating people or destroying their property . 
  all of that is just disturbing . 
   why is the `` european '' in european left in quotes ? 
  becouse the homeless internationalists have no national identity , they spit on european traditions and history , they consider national identity as a problem for their cosmopolite ideology . 
  czechoslovakia was a satellite , not soviet state . 
  as for these commies swaggers , they 're expanding , but mostly becouse of the `` western '' influence and lefty massmedias parroting foreign press ... 
  i remember the un climate summit in warsaw , a bunch of clueless school kids came from belgium ( i guess ) wearing guevara shirts and waving red stars . 
  when they were asked what 's that for , they 've said it 's their simbol of fight for enviroment . 
  surely they were n't reading anything about marx , lenin or stalin and the others , but their teachers were ... 
  i guess the difference is that petlura was more an official leader of a central govermenent , while bandera and the orthers were the popular rebels . 
  you know that russia is doing the same , just in the opposite way , making it a `` holy war '' between supposed to be `` nazis '' and `` soviet liberators '' . 
  it 's not just about the turks , swedes , russians ( or muscovites ) , but rather about fighting for your own land and in this way , unfortunatelly for a reason , the fight against poland is another example , even with the guys like kosi\u0144ski . 
  the old simbols are good also becouse they do n't affect the living people and their relatives , it 's also giving some perspective about how old is your identity . 
  yes , like those pricks from die linke and such . 
  i see redditors are downvoting , so let me make it clear ... i 'm talking about the people i 've seen attacking the others , vandalising the public spaces , setting churches or synagogues on fire and generally acting violently . 
  i just forgot to metion the gray wolves and salafists . 
  better ? 
  many people avoid it and even escape abroad . 
  conscripts have low morale . 
  these people are willing to fight and not just against russia , they also protests against the current goverment and against the cease fire . 
  they may be a minority , but they 're dangerous . 
   centuries-long state-sponsored policy to oppress a minority that 's a bullshit . 
  before partitions the central gov could n't sponsor anything since it was limited by the parliament and local nobility . 
  for the most of time your religion and language was respected , the first books printed in cirillic were made in krak\u00f3w and sometimes orthodox ruthenians were majority in senate . 
  just in few years on xxc there were destroyed some orthodox churches and some people arrested , mostly from oun-upa and that was after they 've carried out terrorist attacks . 
  well , i think that symon petlura could be a good example , even if unsucessfull , there were many more ukrainian leaders at that time which deserves some recognition . 
  actually bandera and his followers were n't sucessfull either and it 's quite pathetic that even germans ignored collaborators and joined `` district galizien '' into the general gouvernment . 
  bandera was actually arrested and spent most of the war in a camp . 
  also , you have many more good role models from older times like mazepa , konaschewych-sahajdachny , or konstanty ostrogski , but i may be biased becouse of my nationality ... 
  i 'm just afraid that the followers of oun-upa , which are fighting now , will be the new heroes and role models for ukrainian youth . 
  that 's how it should be , unfortunatelly eu is unable to condemn communism . 
  as for poland , we do n't have a single day to commemorate all the victims , but rather anniversaries of the exact events . 
  also , lots of monuments , especially about the german occupation . 
  in warsaw there 're thousands of plaques on the building saying that in this place , that day was executed a number of people . 
  often , under the same streets there were burried the victims of communism and we 're just discovering it since recently . 
  especially in the gravetyards , imagine that these sick communists burried people in common graves and then they put their own graves over that . 
  oh ... you evil bourgeoisie , how dare you , 
  eh , ctr + f directs to some comment and this is quite a poor source , no matter if that 's gp or gw , comments are equally stupid . 
  that 's what i was talking about and i do n't like it , but it 's a populist move to appease the radical nationalists . 
  still , this is just a noisy minority which is present in most of european countries . 
  would you call germany a `` nazi '' state just becouse there 's some npd ? 
  i 've said it in general , not about you . 
  as for history , we should deal with it in some civilised manner , with mutual respect . 
  i do n't like some of the policies of pre war polish gov towards the ukrainians , but most of polonisation was a natural process of assimilation going on for centuries with absolutelly no goverment interference . 
  the `` dude '' is a cool guy , he can laught at the haters on twitter and genrally he has some distance to himselve . 
  also [ bonus track ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvdur6qa2om ) , 
  or maybe he 's just not speaking as good as the pres of estonia is ? 
  that guy has a really good spelling and just imagine what would the medias do if he 'd speak like [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cef-xq3tdjc ) . 
   he speaks 4 languages where have you heard that ? 
  it was said he speaks english and a bit of german . 
   polinization of lithuania say what ? 
  you do n't allow double street and city names , until recently people were punished with ridiculously big financial fees for having such names on their private houses . 
  lithuania did nothing to have positive relations with poland , quite the opposite and still our goverments were super friendly . 
  support for your independence and teritorial integrity , as i 've said once on vice youtube channel , this is also a matter of our own security . 
  i 'm glad that poland was the first country to recognise independence of ukraine . 
  you 're making a big mistake by praising bandera and supporting some neonazi thugs . 
  it will not be tolerated by anybody in europe and especially not in poland . 
  the `` nazis '' are a bunch of punks with no representation in parliament , while in the neighboring russia , the `` liberal democratic '' ( lol ) party of zhirinowski clown has over 10 % support ... 
  it 's just a shame that ukraine has to resort to employing these `` nazi '' thugs as paramilitars , arm and train them and later praise such figures as stafan bandera . 
  sooner or later it 's going to turn against them . 
  p\u00f3ti\u0144 . 
  anarchists , communists and now nazis ... 
  quo vadis germany ? 
  lets not confuse war with genocide , it 's not always the same thing and , like i 've said , nobody could expect germany to commit such crimes in few years . 
  the soviets had their teritorial claims as well , not to mention the whole internationalist idea which basicly was about world conquest . 
  i 'm not talking about any international tribunals , but about the national courts which should serve the justice after the so called `` collapse '' of communism . 
  i 'm also talking about the simbolic judgement and education , this was actually the begining of this discussion when i criticised the leftys for reducing the communist crimes just to stalinism . 
  i do n't blame them for the crimes of another people , that would be a collective guilt , but this is also the reason they do n't want to be confused with these `` wrong '' communists . 
  in my country i 've seen anarchists and the other left extremists refusing the people with communist flags to participate in their demonstrations and calling them `` provocators '' , but in the `` west '' i 've seen different pictures ... not to mention the violent character of these protests , which is almost never happening here . 
  you do n't have to explain yourselve , i do n't mind talking with communists , i just do n't like radicals and fanatics of any sort . 
  actually , i was defending socialism here when some guy equated it with communism and personally ... i 'm a bit socialist , even if quite conservative . 
  the other fact is that the soviets aided the `` republicans '' , while germany and italy supported the opposite side . 
  also , at that point of time germany still looked quite innocent while the soviets already had tens of millions victims of collectivisation and purges on their account .
