  and what 's about that whining again , what `` demonizing '' you 're talking about ? 
  so , `` she '' is hiding in that warsaw gay hostel because of parents from southern poland ? 
  totally not because ca n't pay for another place ... why did n't `` she '' call the police or child service when parents mistreated `` her '' ? 
  and again , completely unrelated to the previous comments . 
  one question , what 's `` backwards '' ? 
  there 're no `` openly '' heterosexual people and somehow nobody cares . 
  stop fooling around , it was another clear accusation of some terror or fear because of it ... in reality people which were taking in gays and trans or whatever to the parliament just lost elections . 
  that looks really familiar , except that in poland most of corrupted politicians and journalists never were judged , only a guy which was capturing them was sentenced . 
  unfortunatelly most of the criminals have party comrades and business partners but also voters , readers and believers . 
  do you think the cleaning party is honest ? 
  every mature citizen can subscribe contract with another person , or a group of people . 
  marriage is a contract between man and a woman and there 're few privillages , which is wrong and not that another noisy group of people ca n't have these . 
  read the comments before answering to them . 
  let me guess ... they say that 's all a political opression of the fascist government ? 
  they have equal rights , they can run in elections and vote , some of them won seats to the previous parliament but none in the last elections ... so what ? 
  every day i hear worse things said by politicians and journalists , not to mention some commentators . 
  the only problem here is that some special snowflakes ca n't stand other than affirmative comments . 
   part of a union you mean united kingdom ? 
  [ no , it was n't . ], 
  ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r2xhnlp0lwu ) the `` controvercy '' was made by some british tabloid media and [ sol campbel ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5pbjd8hrhns ) throwing accusations and demanding to cancell the tournament . 
  you obviously ca n't read because that was not the point here . 
  crimes by definition are prohibited , prevented and punished and i see no reason why to make exceptions for some chosen people . 
  except they are n't . 
  what report ? 
  i 'd like to know who made it and where i can reads it . 
  it 's also said that the `` hate crimes '' they 're taking about are mostly against immigrants . 
  this at least sounds beliveable . 
  what `` hate crimes '' ? 
  the crimes in general are decreasing and gays are n't any special people to be considered more important than the other crime victims . 
  they can vote as every other citizen , they do n't have to love the gov and they can even make up this kind of ridiculous martyrology , but they 're just another little group of noisy political activists . 
  the original design is very much different and they updated all the important parts , including engine and these ef are n't even much newer design ( 1994 ) or production ( 2008 ) . 
  keep building this paranoid victim complex . 
  imagine that i do n't care about special treatment for some chosen people and gays in poland have exactly the same rights as every human and citizen . 
  apparently we 're not `` progressive '' enough to find some homosexualists and expose them in gov positions just because of their erotic taste . 
  i see people hating poland even in this thread , do you see me crying that they wants to kill me ? 
  besides , none of the politicians i know used this kind or similar words , ever and i 've asked for something serious , like quotations , not your imagined comparations . 
  exactly . 
  that 's also why they put some feminists and genderists into the gov officies , kicked out some deputy minister for being too much catholic or enforced partity ... 
  in general they cared more about appeasing the leftist `` elites '' than the people or some serious social groups . 
  that 's not `` direspect and contempt '' , grow a thicker skin and learn to discuss with different viewpoints instead of screaming bloody murder ever time someone demonstrate or says something you do n't like . 
  oh noes , someone called me a phobe ... forgive me , i 'm going to hang myself . 
  it does matter , that 's a completely different technology . 
  the next year they will be and we 're also purchasing jassm . 
  old ? 
  the polish f-16c / d block 52 + were constructed in 2006 , if i 'm not wrong only saudi arabia has newer models . 
  also , i do n't think that it 's worse than gripen . 
  every or most of media is , the russian are just gov propaganda . 
  there was no nato invasion of ukraine in 2008 . 
  and until russian invasion in 2014 there were few and little drills in eastern europe , except for the russian and belarussian manoeuvres like `` zapad '' or `` vostok '' of course . 
   the parade was staged against the backdrop of a perceived rise in hostility towards lgbti rights under the law and justice government . 
  what hostility ? 
  are these poor people seriously thinking that police will start beating them ? 
   the current polish parliament has no transgender or openly gay members terrible , how dare they !, 
  polish people just elected this party , they 're still popular and they 're not going to loose support just because few paranoid gays dislikes them for no clear reason . 
  do n't compare poland to turkey , there 're no shootings , nor bombings here , demostrations are almost always peacefull . 
  both anti gov and homosexualist or any other political groups can protest in poland and they do it since the leftist regime collapsed in 1989 . 
   politicians of the ruling party regularly show their disrespect and contempt citation needed . 
  beating people is illegall , ridiculing or ignoring is not . 
   english fans and russian thugs sounds fair . 
  wasted , maybe some but it 's not that easy to steal it . 
  i remember how we got the funds suspended for some time because of suspicions around construction of highways . 
  still , as for infrastructure , even after corruption `` tax '' there was done quite a lot . 
  you 're messing different parties , people and a one policy , but if you wants to tell me that 's a `` protest party '' then of course i agree , we have a one or two appearing in every elections , taking few mp seats and then disappering . 
  this is something more . 
  btw i do n't think that spain has a worse economic situation than polsnd and actually i 'm wondering why spaniards do n't emmigrate if they 're allowed to and other eu member states have shortages of workers . 
  ok but there is n't any far right party while podemos gets quite a lot of suppport . 
  i 'd hardly consider pp as a right wing , but i guess it depends , for me this kind of parties and most of epp are just opportunists without any real ideology or beliefs . 
  i guess in every country there 's something like el pais , a powerfull leftist newspaper or media corporation which acts like a lobbyist or just political force and i 'm sure it was also able to influence goverment policies , no matter if psoe or pp . 
  not in france apparently , i 've seen the same excuses when russian state controlled bank started to support them . 
  i guess that in spain , the same as in poland , political campaigns ca n't be sposored by citizens of the other states and however that 's not exactly the case with tv , it 's still just unethical and even more bacause that 's an opressive state run by religious law . 
  besides ... in this time and age i know some youtube channels getting more views than the regular tv . 
  ok , so at least according to iran the far left parties destabilise europe , but the same does russia , not just with far right parties and the common ground is euroscepticism so maybe that 's the real intention behind it . 
  that 's really not the same thing to take money from some private investor which may have different personal opinions and to take money from a different state which has different policies and not necessary honest intentions . 
  also are n't most of the medias in spain quite leftist already , like everywhere ? 
   pablo iglesias claimed that the iranian government is known for financing certain far left media in western countries because they see it as a way of destabilizing their enemies . 
  so iglesias just admits that and people still votes for them ? 
  incredible . 
  i doubt that anyone in usa knows about some minor events in poland , if not for deliberate manipulation and confusion of a regular and primeval forests i think that not even europeans would care . 
  the pefect addition would be our drunk and beloved leader juncker telling france that they do n't need to respect eu rules `` because it 's france '' . 
  that actually happened for real . 
  op artcle :  soviet troops killed more than 500 peaceful demonstrators and injured 13 wiki :  as a result of soviet military actions , 14 civilians were killed and 702 were injured . 
  first time i 've seen that 500 people i was shocked , even if the leftist puppet regimes were equally brutal as soviet overlords , i do n't remember that many casualties of a single massace and i was right to be suspicious . 
  maybe you 're not a nationalist after all ? 
  or maybe not isolationist because eu as every international organisation is by definition reducing sovereignty of each member . 
  federationism is obviously exclusive , as it 's internationalist agenda . 
  because big fish eat small fish . 
  wars and repressions have far longer history than nationalism , not to mention that internationalism can be also violent and many times it was . 
  we 've won 2-0 last year in qualifications to euro and lost 1-3 in the second game . 
  of course germany is far stronger , but not unbeatable . 
  oh noes , they laught at our beloved establishment . 
   are you going to say lithuanian partisans and freedom fighters were also nazis ? 
  dude , why are you surprised if that was exactly what their propaganda was and still is preaching ? 
  every , i mean every single person or a country that oppose the russian foreign policy myst be a `` nazi '' by default ... 
  it 's also the same with leftist propaganda , nazis and phobes everyewhere . 
  i could imagine that , but leftists are usually anti `` western '' anyway . 
  iran is hardly spreading shia islam in europe , but of course weak and divided europe would be welcomed by many even if i doubt that could affect the british or french foreign policy and especially american in middle east . 
  the more i read about podemos , the more i 'm surprised that so many spaniards support it , not that i think the other parties are great but this one seems just suicidal . 
  edit : you 've said also that it 's proven they were taking money from iran and some other redditors says that the courts dismissed the accusation , so how 's that actually ? 
  or just it was n't judged because that 's not illegal ? 
  i was kidding obviously but the point is that we support your policy and now you tells me that it does n't matter , so why was you asking us in the first place ?
