  central planned economy will never work in a long term . 
  and that 's my point from the beginning . 
  that 's not any news , moscow says so since a long time , the only reason they left ukraine alone were the `` friendly '' goverments and a hope to turn them into another belarus . 
  if you 'd folow the russian opinions on internet , which are just parroting the oficial propaganda , you 'd not be suprised about their actions against ukraine since they never accepted its independence and dissolvement of ussr . 
  fortunatelly for the baltic states , they 're the members of nato and eu , otherwise they 'd end up like ukraine , or worse . 
  russia violated the international agreements first of all . 
  you could negotiate it with ukrainian gov in 1991 , but all that mattered were the military bases , which is as well the rearson to invide and annex it now , except that it involves destabilisation of ukraine , which was the real reason to do so . 
  just face the reality , kremlin never cared for he russian people , it was the same during and after wwii when they kicked out local tatars and settled russians like cattle which you can chase from a one field to another . 
  they 're going to look for a job , steal or beg , but most of unemployed people here are just alcoholics collecting bottles and cans to exchange them for little money they spend on ... alcohol . 
  seriously , i 've said it already that i 'm not any radical , i think the state is to serve the people , but taking money from them and giving to the others is not helping anybody and in the long term it 's just making it worse . 
  then the problem is with your welfare system and that basic `` income '' idea is not going to fix it . 
  you know there 's a difference between helping minors , sick and retired people and `` helping '' everybody by giving the others money away . 
  it 's not a real help actually since it discurage people from improoving their skills , education and seeking jobs , they 'd rather stay on comfortable welfare and do nothing , that 's why i 've said it 's demoarlising . 
  i like your absurd sense of humour , but i doubt the murdered and starving people would appreciate it . 
  ok , it 's fully understandable , but just mind that theese people are not paing taxes for real , they 're paid by the others taxes . 
  personally i 'm not a radical , i think the people who really ( underline ) needs help , should be helped , but they also should n't pay any taxes since it 's pure nonsense . 
  also , it 's not a real help when you just give money away without any other perspectives of work , education and just social advance , theese people will just stay on welfre and never move on . 
  the example of your friend should be also put in a perspective of taxes that she/he was and is paying , becouse these are hers/his money that could be spent by her/him and not by the goverment . 
  the salary would be just much different without it , or with smaller taxes . 
  you 're also just giving me another argument abut how demoralising is the welfare since it 's not worth to have a decent job and honestly earn money if you can just get them for nothing . 
  why to even bother doing anything useful if you 're going to get robbed by the state and sponsored by the taxpayers if you do nothing ? 
  tell me , are your unemployment offices offering some professional courses and work offers , are they cooperating with employers ? 
  do they even demand the unemployed people to seek the jobs , go on the interviews and accept offers ? 
  co kraj to obyczaj - same proverb  glad to hear that . 
  if i can `` sell '' you a secret ... try talking few words in broken polish , the people will love you instantly and do whatever to help ( even if you do n't need it ) . 
  it 's true i know very little about the finnish welfare system , but i was rather criticising the very idea of a basic `` income '' ( how 's that income actually ? ) . 
  if that 's an improovement as you say , then i 'm really sorry about how exploited are the finnish people . 
  do as you wish , we got bankrupt and reformed our conomy the same time exactly , except that it costed us alot and we 're still a one of the poorest eu countries . 
  wish you 'll come to your senses before it 's too late . 
  ok , i know the idea , but following this way you should as well tax everything since the life itselve is dangerous , not to mention that some people have just genetical predispositions for some illnesses . 
  would you tax women just becouse they have breasts and thus higher probability of cancer ? 
  this is a nonsense . 
  you convinced me , i 'm moving in . 
  sure i did , but since we started to talk about the very idea i thought it would be good to put it in some perspective . 
  thank you for prooving my point . 
  still i ca n't see a reason to give money for nothing . 
  no , just the state and its services have no such means , or the will , to close everything . 
  they could be as well corrupted or just `` tolerant '' since policemen are also people grown in the same enviroment as everybody . 
  yes , it 's still expensive and it could be much better if gov could just do what it done in portugal , decriminalise it . 
  it 's hard to compare with your country or uruguay as well as it 's hard to comapre the prices of oranges or bananas , which we ca n't grow in poland , the amount and quality of the crops will never be the same and the same goes for the price . 
  come on , you just mentioned some of he `` social '' costs of using the pot . 
  anyway that 's all just an excuse for extroritng more money from the people and i 'm quite sure the gov will not loose another opportunity to take even more . 
  maybe in finnland , here you have to actually work first before you get unemployment fee when something happends and you ca n't just live forever on welfare . 
  no , you 'll not `` make '' but get these money and someone needs to earn them first to pay the taxes . 
  the money do n't grow on trees , you know ? 
  how ? 
  besides , it depends on a system and it does n't make them any more or less reasonable . 
  ca n't say , but most of weed here is local , grown in greenhouses . 
  if farmers here can grow tomatoes and paprika , despite the cold weather and terrible soils ( mostly sands ) , they could as well grow cannabis . 
  i do n't supose that everybody grows potatoes or rye in a backyard , but you can always buy a bread or vegetables in the shop or market . 
  it 's demoralising since you do n't have to do a thing to get money while the others needs to work hard and they 're being punished for it . 
  instead of giving others money away , the gov should consider to not take them in the first place . 
  that would be far more efficient , but most of all , fair . 
  if you wants to throw your money away , be my guest , it 's yours and i respect your liberty , but i 'd rather encourage people to make their own enterprises , employ people and live like satisfied citizens ... not useless and pathetic beggars . 
  the solutions which you 're advocating are not improoving the numbers and standars of employment , they 're just promoting unemployed people living on welfare . 
  still that 's quite expensive compared to poland where you can get that 1/8 ounce ( 3.5 gram ) for about 47 $ . 
  for about ten years it used to be 26 $ until quite recently . 
  there 're also discounts if you buy more at once . 
  anyway just compare the us taxes and regulations to eu and as for the `` competition '' there 's none in the market of tabacco which prices are directly determined and regulated by the gov , you ca n't sell it cheaper . 
  i just do n't think that the gov will loose such a chance to extort even more money from the people . 
  ok , that 's how it is in france i guess , in here the `` cartels '' selling weed are mostly some local thugs or just regular guys who work as middlemen between the farmers and customers . 
  i 'm sorry if you have gangs and mafia in france , but as you just said , they 'd only get a little bit less wealthy and smuggle it anyway . 
  the only solution is to let everybody grow and use it if you really wants the mobsters to get bankrupt . 
  still i do n't know what 's so great about it . 
  the state should not be some `` charitiy '' organisation which gives away the money taken from the others , by force . 
  if anything they should help , but most of all do n't disturb the people who wants to earn honestly . 
  it would rather make the gov to be a cartel . 
  i 'm not going to lie , i like weed and most of people i know in poland knows very well how harmless it is . 
  in my opinion the problem is that when gov will replace the `` mafia '' in its job , the prices will grow far higher becouse of taxes and i 'm quite sure they 'll establish concessions for the ones that can corrupt them . 
  just like it is with tabacco . 
  i say , do n't legalise , just decriminalise and let the people grow their stuff like any other plant . 
   employer mafias comrade , i do n't know how 's that in us , in europe most of the companies are small and medium private enterprises . 
  if you steal their money , they 'll not be able to employ workers , the big corporatons will always survive either by outsorcing ( more unemployment ) or corrupting the politicians . 
  and why is that a `` right '' direction ? 
  giving money for nothing is not just demoralising , there 're the others who need to pay for it and they 're the ones disadvantaged here . 
  goverment earns no money , they 're just taking them from people by force . 
  it 's not just that germany refuse to confront russia , they also have alot of common interests with them , their former chancellor schroeder was just corrupted by gazprom and they 've constructed a pipeline on baltic just for political reasons of moscow . 
  i 'm quite sure they 've also forced eu to excuse the russian invasion of georgia . 
  just for the sake of `` peace '' , to keep their good relations and busyness going on . 
  we 're looking to america becouse it 's not dependent on russian gas , it has no interest to excuse or support them , but most of all it has means and balls to stood up against their actions . 
  also , do n't think that 's just some romantic `` blowjob '' like sikorski said , politicians can do or say whatever , but the people knows that both germany and usa can sell us if it would just serve the interests of these countries . 
  i was worng , obviously . 
  listen you schweinhund , we did n't asked for these lands , nor for the money which are given to each and every new eu member and they ca n't be used for military . 
  as for who 's a thief , we 're still lacking thousands of artworks stolen by your retarded regime during the war , not to mention the pure vandalism of our cities , especially warsaw , slave labour and most of all millions of victims which ca n't be measured by any amount of money . 
  just halt die klappe . 
  sorry if i 'm laughting at the guy , he deserved notinhg else , but we both know how ridiculous and immature sounds the name `` radek '' in polish and that nobody is calling him like that . 
  i could n't link translation of [ pap ] ( http://www.pap.pl/palio/html.run?_instance=cms_www.pap.pl&amp;_pageid=1&amp;s=infopakiet&amp;dz=kraj&amp;idnewscomp=167022&amp;filename=&amp;idnews=170333&amp;data=&amp;status=biezace&amp;_checksum=1646591863 ) ( official press agency ) , but it 's as i 've said , included in the budget of the ministry of finances , ministry of defence said they just ca n't pay it from their budget becouse it would be against the rules . 
  also , i 'm finally not sure which ministry was responsible for what . 
   polish air force has 48 f-16 . 
  the price of one machine without weapons is approx . 
  42 million us dollars . 
  because such expenditure exceeded the possibilities of defense , established a special multi-annual program financing the f -16 . 
  the tender was settled at the end of december 2002 . 
  the results of these wars are horrible . 
  ep is useless waste of money and it never will represent people the same way as national parliaments . 
  you ca n't have democray without a demos and despite the expensive efforts , it 's not possible to create an artificial `` european '' identity . 
   forward with european project rather backward since that would most likely destroy everything . 
  greeks and brits will not be the only ones opposing this internationalist loonacy . 
  if you wants to ` fight ' for `` united '' europe , you 'll need to face europeans and i hardly doubt that a pack of eurocrates and left extremists is going to beat them . 
  i agree , except that the politicians are elected so the popular opinions matters .
