  it 's closer to saudi arabia from middle east , i wonder why are n't iraqs and syrians fleeding there . 
   radical right movements rather the opposite way , the `` radical right '' is not creating , neither destorying any european identity . 
  it 's what the radical left is doing , but i guess it all depends what do you consider the `` european identity '' . 
   defining the common values no need to `` define '' or redefine it . 
  neighbour ? 
  maybe it 's another `` false friend '' , but `` bli\u017ani '' in polish means more or less `` bliski '' , a `` close one '' . 
  it 's obvious referrence to catholicism also . 
  ok , but the question was who started the war . 
  if you consider just the point of view of france and britian , you can as well assume that they started it by declaration of war on germany . 
  look at the bigger picture . 
  the only way germany could share a border with the soviets was to invide poland . 
  they could as well occupy whole of it already in 1939 and have a hostile russia with its territorial claims on a one side and france on the other . 
  this is wwi scenario again and a war on two fronts that they could n't win . 
  instead of that they 've eliminated all the possible threats in continental europe , one by one , to concentrate on soviets then and this is also becouse france and britain did absolutelly nothing to fulfill their obligations and to invide germany on september 16 . 
  a day after poland was invided by the soviets , they understood that germany is going to win the war and only then they were able to take their share without any opposition from the `` allies '' . 
   their expansion what about the soviet expansion ? 
  what for germany needed a `` non agression '' pact with a country they shared no borders ? 
  ask yourselve , would germany invide poland if it have n't had an alliance with the soviets and thus the peace on eastern border after their victory ? 
  would germany risk invasion of france if they could face a war on two fronts ? 
  besides of that and the invasion of finnland , they also took over baltic states and together with germany divided romania . 
  north korea is the only anti religious country at now . 
  fell invited . 
  dude , look at the comments here , how many people complain about the source ? 
  and it 's not even official document of the church , not to mention the added video . 
  i 'm covinced , since now on i 'm giving money to everybody . 
  it will surely make me richer . 
  wait ... first i will take those money from you , ok ? 
  so please tax the hell out of these extremist sportsman . 
  ok , lets tax running since you can always break a leg . 
  well , i know people like that as well , but that 's just becouse they can , not that they absolutelly `` must '' . 
  maybe with a one exception , but this guy is just a looney . 
  i 've had this misfortune to live in the same area with `` brown '' heroine addicts ... that 's seriously fucked up . 
  i remember the guys from neighborhood hunting them and their dealers , beating the shit out of them . 
  anyway , i used to smoke alot of weed in high school , everybody was and there was always some ocassion , but since many years i 'm like ... meh . 
  i mean , i like it , but i can live without that for weeks or months and one puff is usually enough to cheer me up . 
  same goes for my cousins and mates , everybody 's relaxed about it . 
  i never tried vaporizing , but i 'm going to investigate it , thanks . 
  it was done with the constitution , but there was n't a clear concept of an `` official '' language then . 
  fuck , we spoke just latin until renaissance , right ? 
  i can imagine , here the immigration is not the case , but all the massmedias are lefty , they all use the same slogans , insults and stereotypes . 
  i also ca n't speak for the others , but i guess it 's the same way in most of europe , maybe with few exceptions where 's some pitful excuse for a `` debate '' , but you 're going to be labelled anyway . 
  that 's called ... bullying . 
  do you really know it ? 
  the last time we spoke about it you prooved to know some old documents of gay activists . 
  i 'm following the lefty medias and somehow i never heard about parents bullying their `` gay '' kids or such a thing . 
  for the other hand , i 've seen a guy who murdered another becouse he was from a `` wrong '' party , people bullied and mistreated becouse they hold some cross and multiple cases of graveyards or churches devastation . 
  are we living in the same country ? 
  or it 's mostly to discurage people since the tax revenue appears to be over 5 times higher than the expenses . 
  honestly , it 's an awful habit that i 'm unfortunatelly addicted to , but when the prices started to grow rapidly , i 've switched to regular tabacco and self made cigarettes . 
  here it 's allowed since 18 , but i 'm smoking since i was 14 , same goes for weed , drinking and even sex . 
  at least ocassionally since , like i 've said , tabacco is my only weakness . 
  i know all the arguments for taxation of it , but the same can be done with `` legal '' pot especially if almost every smoke has the same composition ( co2 + h2o , eventually co and stuff ) . 
  the difference is that tabacco addicts smokes constantly and as long as i live i failed to see a person seriously addicted to cannabis . 
  i 'll not even bother to read all of that , but the point is what i can see in shops and it looks like i 've said . 
  besides of that , the prices of alcohol did n't change at all since ages , eventually got lower ( together with quality ) . 
  good for the french , but i know for sure that their famous cheeses like camembert or brie are nothing like they used to and that 's all becouse of restrictions . 
  no idea about their wines , if i drink any that 's usually moldavian or bulgarian , as for champagne i can recommend only the spanish ones , but people drink the awful russian fakes in new years eve ( really disgusting ) . 
  fair enough , but they also can choose to cut those breasts out , just like angelina jolie . 
  ( i know it 's a bad joke ) not sure how 's that in britain , but do you really thinks that these money are going to the health system ? 
  i hardly doubt it . 
  really it 's impossible to say what is causing many diseases , injuries and illnesses , you can as well tax everything , including bad luck . 
  the next time i 'm going to insult all germans , that will not be personal . 
  see , that 's becouse of restrictions . 
  at least you do n't need to buy food on black market like we used to when it was reglamented by the communists ... you idiot , there 's everything wrong with taxes , it 's a pitful necessity , not a thing to cheer for . 
  about the beer , i do n't even know how did it happend that so many great breweries were bought out and destroyed . 
  the only bearable mainstream beer i know is \u017bywiec . 
  i do n't like strong alcohols , but the only two vodkas i was drinking ocassionally , \u017bubr\u00f3wka and krupnik , the most traditional and quite famous , were bought by russian standard which introduced their `` clean '' and cheap versions . 
  i could n't even buy the classic ones the last time i 've tried ... 
  it 's not just about the price , but also quality and with so many taxes and restrictions there 's a space just and only for the big corporations which can pay , bribe or avoid all of that . 
  sure , it 's a difference , it always amaze me to see some statistics and maps where it 's possible to see clearly where the border of ddr was . 
  it 's a bit different here as well since the people i 'm talking about used to be in opposition to the communists ( at least after 1968 ) and the post communist party was the biggest supporter of usa , which was n't preventing them to advice some dictator of kazakhstan or visiting the valdai club . 
  you 're talking about america , but this is eu . 
  anyway , i do n't even mind if they `` legalise '' it and drain the people 's pockets , in this case there 's going to be the black market anyway , as it always was . 
  it does and as you 've said the unemployment is relatively low , but i 'll tell you more ... many people works illegaly and claims social benefits . 
  in a city you can find a job without even trying , the only question is the wage and work conditions . 
  ... sure t 's not charity , since it 's not voluntary , people are forced to pay taxes . 
  you 're just making this up , investment is intended to return with profit , but there 's no profit if you just give money away without any expectations in return . 
  yes , except that when you 're caught that means you 're not spying well enough . 
  in another words , the us intelligence and couterintelligence is a crap . 
  i 've said i do n't mind it , not that i agree , it 's just not as relevant . 
  i 'm not so sure about wine , if that 's the case of france , than it 's good . 
  in poland that 's the least popular beverage , when it goes for beer and especially vodka , there 're just few corporations keeping the prices and `` quality '' on the same low level , or even decreasing . 
  just since few years there 's ongoing a `` beer revolution '' and microbrews or some local beers are expanding , before that carlsberg , heineken or russian standard bought out almost everything and destryed . 
  i do n't even want to start talking about tabacco since that 's a classic example of corruption ( even in ep ) and overregulation that i 'm afraid of . 
  so why do we let in these thugs instead of helping the ones that are actually discriminated by them ? 
  very funny , the same things they were talking about poland . 
  even our retarded lefty massmedias called the opposition `` russohpobic '' and our current goverment was ignoring or appeasing russia just to discover , after their takeover of crimea , that there 's something wrong about it . 
  we may not have russian minority , but we have fair share of idiots and unfortunatelly some of them are influential . 
   poland 's employment rate is rather low compared to other countries my point exactly . 
  ok , i 'm tierd of it , i do n't even mind the downvotes , but it 's really depressing to see how many people can belive that giving money for nothing is a good thing . 
  charity is when you give your own money willingly , but this is some opressive , communist loonacy . 
  it 's exactly what i 'm afraid of , to do with cannabis what was done with alcohol and tabacco . 
  it 's not just about vat , but the other taxes as well , concessions and regulations which makes the big corporations to profit and the people to pay . 
  you ca n't say that 's just like with the other plants , or products , can you ? 
  i do n't mind restrictions on advertising or age limits . 
  how 's that an `` income '' actually if you do n't earn it ? 
  when working and ( really ) earning money i 'm going to pay taxes for ... basic `` income '' , so i just wonder , will i pay more taxes than get in this `` income '' and if not , who 's going to fill the gap ? 
  besides , your `` traditional '' handouts are not the same as ours or the others and maybe that 's a one reason why you 're not motivated to work and others are to migrate . 
  obviously and that effect was far from positive . 
  in 1991 poland was poorer than ukraine , but that 's not the point here .
