  i can bet that romanians and bulgarians still migrate rather to spain ( unemployment over 20 % ) than germany . 
   if you want to be in the golf club , you got ta play golf . 
  so what kind of a game is playing greece or germany and france ? 
  i thought that they should follow maastricht or schengen treaties and if it 's all about the constitutional court why is luxembourg just dismissing it and nobody complains ? 
   if those changes break court habitability to act that 's debatable . 
  parliament is legislative power and this part of legislation is not regulated by eu , some member states do n't even have constitutional courts or constitution ( uk ) and luxembourg is just liquidating its own . 
   end public tv independence first there should be some independence if it could be ended . 
  the media council , which was appointing directors before , was composed from politicians chosen by parliament and president . 
  in 2010 , after the tragic death of president , the speaker of parliemant and deputy president ( later elected ) komorowski immidieatelly dismissed the annual financial report of the council , which ended their cadention and together with his `` liberal '' party appointed new council . 
  each and every conservative journalist was replaced , only a one hired back after some time , before that there was at least some pluralism . 
   public prosecutor prosecutor general was a minister of justice also until 2010 when these offices were separated , conservatives always criticised this change and if it was not a problem for eu when we joined in 2004 and until this reform , it should n't be now when it 's reversed . 
  ( personally i do n't like this change , but this is not the point ) yeah , i know that most of western european countries do n't mind far left ideology . 
  hair colour ? 
  i guess you must be redhead ... ok , seriously no idea where you live and what kind of people are you meeting , but you should watch out for thugs , especially drunken ones and not just in poland . 
  the `` segment '' of immigrants is not that small in here , besides of some vietnamesse there 're few chechens and quite a lot of ukrainians , it 's exremaly rare when something bad happends to them . 
  anyway i still do n't see relation to hollande and his threats from article ( forget the stupid headline ) . 
   fascism if forbidden in my country in mine as well , same as communism and every totalitarian ideology . 
  no idea why are you talking about `` discriminating '' people becuase that 's not the case here and hollande did not say a thing about it . 
  and that 's why you 're complaining about dwn or headline instead of commenting the article , right ? 
  no idea why euractiv is refering to it , but it 's not my fault . 
  quit making up stuff about me . 
  this is a clear personal attack . 
  yes . 
  why then a left wing , eu federalist and sponsored by ec euractiv takes it seriously ? 
  if i 'd know what kind of a source that is , probably i would n't post it here . 
   so they wanted to provoke exactly the reaction ... of euractiv . 
  i do n't know this paper and very little of german so stop blaming me ffs . 
  ok , so france is violating these famous `` rules '' that hollande was talking about , right ? 
  sorry , i do n't know contemporary history of france that well , but i know how it was with freedom of speech under far left regime in poland . 
  maybe i have a wrong image of france , but i thought that there 're already quite leftist workers privillages and other benefits for selected social , etchnic and whichever groups of people . 
  associated by the left wing competition ... 
  it does n't when you attribute one side with everything bad and the other with just the good things . 
  do n't worry , i 'm not reporting people to the censorship . 
  that 's quite a harsh criticism of hollande , ec and its sponsored portal . 
  so it 's `` whataboutism '' when i 'm taking about hollande , but it is n't when you talks about the source or messanger ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_in_france#the_twentieth_century ) for example or [ censorship of internet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_france ) ... and there 's more of that . 
  and what 's wrong with my flair ? 
  that 's cute . 
   note : personal insults and hate speech of any kind will be removed , and repeat offenders will be banned . 
  this is a moderated forum , high standards are expected . 
  before posting , consult the rules, 
  if it 's such a terrible paper according to you , why then a left wing portal is translating and publishing it and why is a left wing french president giving interviews for it ? 
  i 'm merely a simple redditor and in opposite to hollande i have no power . 
  ok , so it was , but still it 's not me who wrote it . 
   emergency state since when this is `` right wing '' ? 
  i may be quite ignorant on his domestic politics , but i know he was a candidate of socialist party and introduced some ridiculous taxes for the wealthier people . 
  and i 'm merely posting this translation so what kind of `` complex '' has hollande to accuse poland ? 
  he 's silencing french media and people first of all . 
  i 'm posting left wing euractiv which is sponsored by european commision and i have absolutelly no idea about that german paper which interviews a left wing french president . 
   a firm supporter of general franco , for instance who , me ?!, 
  the title , branded as misleading by censorship , was created by euractiv . 
  well , most of polish queens were habsburg and in every free royal election there was at least a one habsburg candidate . 
  one of them , maximillian ii was proclaimed a king in a way of a coup made by primate and `` ceasarian '' party , but soon defeated and imprisoned by nobility and legally elected stefan batory . 
  habsburgs were always stiff , proud and disrespected even sobieski which saved thier `` empire '' because they were `` emperors '' , not just regular nobility . 
   skandinavian kings not the swedish deluge again ^ ^ ^ please, 
  maybe , i do n't know french and very little of german so i ca n't judge the interview . 
  are you just saying that left wing euractiv ( sponsored by ec ) is plotting against hollande ? 
  that would be interesting ... 
  as we can see on example of mr hollande and euractiv , it is n't inherent to just a one ideology that they dislike . 
  ok , i just posted the link with original title . 
  entire . 
  i quoted just this part which is violated most often . 
  are you suggesting that hollande speaks for the right wing ? 
  ca n't see how throwing general accusations and empty slogans makes any sense . 
   where does he say that he is in favor of expelling members with right-wing governments ? 
  in the headline , i do n't write these for the left wing medias . 
   the societies of the member states are characterised by pluralism anyway , these rules are unclear and can be interpreted in whichever way to suit someone 's agenda . 
  looks like eu has not enough of troubles so leftist establishment would like to `` correct '' few more of them . 
  excuse me , but greece ca n't just keep transporting these people to their northern borders and expect macedonia or bulgaria to keep tolerating that . 
  greece should be helped by eu and maybe nato , but there 's no way that they can tolerate criminals and ignore schengen treaty . 
  in poland that would be `` pies '' ( dog ) . 
  not sure what do you mean , in contrary to your gov german people are considered competent and rational . 
  yes , but there 're other state owned channels in almost every country and most of the private ones are also not sparing criticism to russia . 
  fair and balanced journalism is in general very rare , most of medias have some agenda . 
  i 'd understand such a move in ukraine , maybe also in latvia , but it also supports their image of `` martyrs '' that are censored for inconvinient `` truth '' . 
  i do n't know the situation in medial market of the other countries , but there 're russian medias in poland , including sputnik and even a party `` zmiana '' which is clearly sponsored . 
  nobody attacks these clowns and nobody cares because they 're just meaningles . 
  should we take example from russia ? 
  banning or ignoring their propaganda is not going to make it disappear , it should be challanged and criticised instead . 
   international law like schengen treaty ? 
  you 're obliged to register each and every migrant and not to send them to macedonia . 
  i agree that we should help you securing borders and make you follow the rules . 
  more like conservative and i suppose that this stereotype is already around . 
  still , it all depends on your own political preferences and i ca n't see how is that related to stereotypes like mentioned one about working . 
  lets asume that 's all true , but this is just political view and it depends on what 's your own preferrence , there 're people which agree with it as well as those which oppose that . 
  also , do n't tell me that for example in denmark everybody supports the gov. 
   avoid turning your country orbanistic why ? 
  i know it works this way a bit , but politics should not affect opinions about people and especially like in this , completly unrealted case . 
   no upside for the us to invest in the defense of eastern europe besides long term stability of nato not sure about the baltics , but poland is replacing its utility and attack helicopters , sikorski `` black hawk '' and boeing `` apache '' are contesting . 
  there 're also plans for anti rocket and anti aircraft defence systems , submarines , combat drones , armoured personal carriers and so on . 
  ministry of defence plans to spend 42 $ bln . 
  for investments in the next years . 
  besdies , we just joined your anti isis coalition and we 're going to commit several f-16s , we supported your war in iraq and actually occupied northern part ... oh and cia bribed our politicians to let them torture prisoners on our territory . 
  i suppose you could do something in return but i 'm not rising my hopes for this years summit in warsaw . 
  oh come on , not another misunderstood joke ... 
  i 've had no intention to offend americans , or french . 
  sorry , but you ca n't deny that 's a funny situation and this kind of wrestling is quite `` american '' , no offence again . 
  cruz and rubio are senators at least and as for clinton , her experience is nothing positive . 
  unfortunately he did n't , but i 'd love to see him against cruz , rubio or clinton , or whoever . 
  american pres candidates should proove themselfs in extreme situations also , like in a gelly or mud .
