  you 're [ wrong ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-46/ ) . 
  i 'm afraid that isis will have no use of these bombs , especially if they 're exploding over their heads . 
  saudis buys weapons wherever they want , like in france . 
  besides , the american shale gas and oil is the real reason why rouble is a crap and dollar is doing fine . 
  calm down . 
  they could as well spent the money and keep this stuff instead of wasting it . 
  not the best investment , but i guess this is the easiest explanation for some . 
  i just compared the activity of these countries since you said that only uk and france are participating in wars . 
  to be honest , i 'm not proud of supporting iraq war . 
  poland controls ghazni province in afghanistan , but this is nothing comparable . 
  all i say is that we have some experience , but surely you 're right about france and uk . 
   according to a congressional budget office ( cbo ) report published in october 2007 , the u.s. wars in iraq and afghanistan could cost taxpayers a total of $ 2.4 trillion by 2017 when counting the huge interest costs because combat is being financed with borrowed money . 
   rarely do anything what about the occupation zone of iraq ? 
  also afghanistan , darfur , kosovo and other peace keeping missions . 
  comparation of military potentials would be ridiculous , but poland is participating in the same wars that you do . 
  france has its interests in africa , like lybia and mali , but i ca n't recall uk participating in the wars that poland was n't recently . 
  sweden brought a one , little ship this time . 
  do n't know what you 've done with your subs , but our navy is a floating museum and would use any kind of scrap metal . 
  sweden was proposing some form of an allience some time ago , do n't know if our brilliant goverment refused or just ignored it , but there was some cooperation in case of eastern partnership , which was useless anyway and could n't prevent the problems in ukraine . 
   threatening to nuke denmark that 's the russian `` diplomacy '' , do n't worry . 
  they were exercising with belarus in 2009 ( `` zapad '' manouavres ) a scenario of nuclear strike on warsaw . 
  this is just what they do , provoking and bullying . 
  what about norway and sweden ? 
  do n't know about any new agreements , but we 're having now baltops manouavres and danish fleet looks strong . 
  when are they going to start ? 
  it 's not worth the money they 've sunk in this war for the past 14 years . 
  yes and what 's worse , we could n't find any oil in afghanistan , just heroine ... murica cheated us :(, 
  it 's actually the same way in poland , but it used to be different and on some ocassions still older men are kissing men ( on the cheek ) . 
  there were some rules about when and who should be kissed in both cheeks , or three times , but i do n't think that anybody pays attention anymore , at least not in warsaw . 
  i have the same impression , especially if their polish correspondents are the members of a far lefty krytyka polityczna , same goes for new york times . 
  there 's no more visegrad group , it just dissolved over the issue of war in ukraine . 
  i just wonder if our great foreign minister sikorski bothered to negotiate with his counterparts . 
  what for ? 
  we 're constructing lng port and it should be finished by the end of this year , if this pathetic gov can handle it this time , that should cover 1/3 of demand and already about half is covered by other than russian sources . 
  this guy should be jailed , not just taxed , together with his political comrades already when they 've organised the `` privatisation '' of telekomunikacja polska . 
  the only ones who concentrated on the `` linguistic '' issues were lefty massmedias , just to belittle or cover it up . 
  in a civilised country just to use the public money for dinners and drinks would be enough to dismiss these ministers , but this is poland ... 
  ok , i guess it was nothing so important to make the `` news '' . 
  thanks anyway . 
  good for you . 
  if i may ask , were there similar situations in recent years when russia was making embargos on our pork , beef , or vegetables ? 
  was there any difference in trade between our countries then ? 
  i just wonder how many products could be `` smuggled '' through serbia then if now it was some serious issue , i guess some busyness ties were already there if they were used now . 
  oh well , we sold our apples anyway ( no idea where ) and our exports never were better . 
  hope yours are also well , but i just wonder ... how was taken in serbia the russian embargo ? 
  this is most of all a political statement and i just could n't imagine russia doing that to you . 
  wait , so finally russia put an embargo on serbia ? 
  i 'd never expect that considering your historical ties and i 'm sorry if our exports contributed to that . 
  well , u/benthetraveler did compared them and that 's what i was discussing with him . 
   two parties i guess you mean cdu-csu . 
  we both know those `` ideological '' guys have nothing to say and the real policies of these parties , as well as the whole epp , are purely cynical , often just lefty if it fits their interests . 
  which `` established conservatices '' ? 
  you mean the `` christian '' democrates and such cynical opportunists ? 
  the guy above tried to express his negative opinions , just like you are , but unfortunatelly i do n't see the label `` righ '' as an insult . 
  still i have no idea what 's so `` demonic '' about afd and how can they be compared to npd or some football hooligans . 
  you thinks the french will give up ... again ? 
  is there any contradition between theese two ? 
  you can be conservative liberal and there 's nothing strange about that , at least there was n't until the `` liberal '' label was redefined by the `` left-wing populists '' . 
  the parties on your `` black '' list have at least some ideology or ideas , while this pegida is a bunch of people gathered just becouse of anti islamist sentiment . 
  no idea how 's that `` right wing '' or `` populist '' , those are just some overused slogans , the point is they have nothing else to offer . 
  the only reson they 're getting support is the same sentiment amongst some germans and the naive multi-kulti populism of the left wing . 
  there 're people scared of islam , imagine that . 
  eh , i should make it obvious when i 'm being sarcastic ... 
  but you just said they have a `` right wing '' , so how many of these wings they have ( if any ) ? 
  nevermind that , but also becouse of liberalism i would n't put afd in the same basket with nationalists and all the other `` bad guys '' . 
  are you sugessting afd have a `` left wing '' becouse someone do n't want to get involved with pegida ? 
  it 's even hard to consider that `` party '' as a left , right or anything if all they care about is islam and immigration . 
  same in poland , the negative image of conservatism or just the opposition to the immanent `` progress '' makes people to be afraid of expressing their own opinions . 
   afd maybe i do n't know something , but how are they `` right-wing populists '' ? 
  or is it that every non lefty party must be labelled with some negative slogans ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't support any nationalists , football hooligans or such , but afd seems to be nothing like npd and it 's just primitive to insult everybody that you disagree with . 
  glowing eyes was not the best idea , but the statue looks quite ... serious . 
  i like it . 
  slovakia opposed sanctions , do n't know more details . 
  not sure if they put sanctions on russia , but after quick search i 've found news like [ that ] ( http://www.thenews.pl/1/10/artykul/201205,russia-threatens-serbia-with-embargo-to-stop-reexports-of-polish-apples ) . 
  serbia is not in eu , i do n't suppose that rf will ever embargo their products . 
  no idea about bulgaria , do n't know how much they were exporting to russia , but not as much as poland for sure . 
   their home countries are n't getting better ? 
  they 're getting worse . 
  most of these desperate immigrants are fleeding civil wars in lybia or syria , as well as the other wars and conflicts . 
  now we want to make thier homes `` better '' , but who actually made all of that mess in the first place ? 
  why `` instead '' ? 
  you can as well read this and listen to snyder , which i 'm also recommending . 
  i just do n't get why this guy gave his lecture in a far left krytyka polityczna , but i guess that 's all becouse of connections . 
   russia is a better market no , it 's just bigger and less competetive , but it 's not worth as much as european markets and constant embargos makes it unstable . 
  another russian embargo was actually a positive thing , at least for polish export , which is growing rapidly . 
  do n't worry . 
  also , as someone mentioned , it 's `` tzar '' or something , `` car '' is in polish . 
   xenophoby just negative sentiment which comes from ignorance . 
  lets be honest , gypsies are n't liked anywhere and people confuse them with romanians here . 
  i 'm quite sure it would be suprising for many to see a real romanian . 
  no , just the primary and secondary education . 
  i do n't suppose there 're enough of lithuanian students and especially academic teachers to organise courses . 
  was n't you told not to call the god 's name in vain ? 
  you know very well that the invasion of france and low countries was in spring of 1940 , after your ( another ) contract with germany was signed and before lend lease begun . 
   such you ca n't even quote precisely and still you tries to cheat me . 
  do n't be childish . 
  you have no reason to call me a liar , i have quite plenty reasons to call you like that , but it does n't matter at all . 
  i do n't care about your or my personal things , the problem here is that your gov is degenerating etchics of its subjects just to keep up the mythology of soviet union , at the expense of provocations and insults against your former subjects and neighbours . 
  so if i 'd call you a `` liar '' , would that be an insult , or just a statement of a fact since you just lied ?
