  i do n't quite understand how a one is related to the other . 
  there is n't any more democratic thing than a popular referendum and i 'd say that there 's little if any democracy in eu , even in ep it 's hard to talk about since there 's no common eu demos and meps represents mostly their factions which are just coalitions of national parties . 
   right wing populist this meme is getting old , you ca n't just explain opposition to eu with a bunch of slogans and insults and definetly you ca n't convince anybody in this way . 
  we have a defensive pact already and it 's called nato . 
  russia is too weak to control even whole ukraine and it has no interest in annexing little baltics or poland . 
  northern ireland is lacking . 
   and total ethnic extermination not total , actully it was the same policy of eliminating elites and exploiting lower classes / races . 
  you 're forgetting that not just the `` enemies '' were driven to the camps but whole families , including kids . 
  even after `` amnesty '' just the small polish army in ussr was given supplies which they had to share with masses of civillians released from the camps , even after evacuation to iran tens of thuosads died from starvation and diseases . 
  yeah , lets make it look like a grotesque or whitewashing of germany ... you was obviously wrong about 500.000 deported ( 1m is still a one of lowest estimates ) to the camps and you admitted it . 
  i do n't question the numbers , which are rough estimates anyway and i repeat that each and every genocide is wrong , no matter who is the victim or perpetrator , no matter how many people were executed or sent to the camps . 
  event and there was another in warsaw , without detonation . 
  so he was also taking money from kazakhstan . 
  i wonder why that old comunist fart nazarbayev hires former european pms and presidents , at least putin hired schroeder for some clear reason but what did blair or kwa\u015bniewski done for kazakhstan ? 
  no idea how are you adding these numbers , you 're also forgettng executions of pows and massacres of prisoners but again it does n't matter if just 1.5 million or 2 millions poles were victims of soviet etchnic cleansing . 
  it just happened and russia ca n't deny or excuse it , well they can do whatever but then they shoud n't be surprised why people dislike them instead of germans . 
  these estimated are linked in some wiki articles . 
  except that hit and run is an accident ( i guess ) , it 's a failed comparation . 
  about 1.2 million was sent to camps where at least half of them died in just a one year before germans betrayed soviets . 
  hundrets of thousands were murdered in that nkvd operation before the war , almost all of the 250.000 captured pows and big part of 500.000 prisoners were executed , at least 150.000 civillians were killed . 
  also i think it 's wrong to say that killing two people is twice as bad as killing one , it does n't work like that . 
  yeah , because it 's not your decission after all . 
  you 're talking about many countries and many millions of people , be more specyfic . 
  not sure about german law , but i doubt that mistreating jews was a `` crime '' in occupied territories . 
  the jewish genocide was also not the only etchnic cleansing and not only germans had such etchnic policies . 
  yes , by absolute numbers they 've exterminated less than two millions , by percentage it could be more and we 're not talking just about citizens because in theory everybody in soviet annexed territories was granted their citizenship , not to mention the ones executed before the war . 
  it was just an etchnic policy . 
  so that 's `` journalism '' these days . 
  i see only times , telegraph and that inews ( ? ), 
  not taking sides , at least on a front page . 
  even daily mail ( censored in here ) seens more subtle than guardian . 
  they 've both started from the top , executing all the educated , active or any kind of worthy people , soviets executed also pows , policemen , railroad engineers and even the mailmen . 
  big part of soviet industry was based on slave labour , much like german but only later and still i 'm not sure in which camps there was higher mortality . 
   killed 150k and deported 500k source ? 
  you 're obviously mistaken by a far margin , but i just woder where did you get this data from . 
   not genocidal like hitler and the ss i beg to differ . 
  who do you mean by `` eastern europeans '' and where any crimes were tolerated ? 
  not sure what they planned to do with the rest , but already in 1939/40 about 1.2 million polish people were sent to the camps and slave labour . 
  by percentage , i 'd say that 's more than what germans did in their part of occupied poland . 
  actually they 've started this [ etchnic cleansing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_operation_of_the_nkvd_ ( 1937 % e2 % 80 % 9338 ) ) already in 1937/38 . 
  germans did far worse things in poland , also because they 've had more time and also because of collaboration with soviets which etchnic and `` class '' policies were n't much nicer . 
  they were partners , you just ca n't deny their cooperation in that invasion , partitions of romania , even takeover of baltics was a part of their agreement , not to mention the vital for germany trade exchange . 
  germans found quite a bit of supporters and collaborators in ukraine , belarus , baltic states and even caucasia but there were also russian ss divisions under vlasoff and kaminsky . 
  especially in 2010 before that `` refugee '' crisis and the paranoid reaction that followed it in poland . 
  before the war there was 7 % jews and about 3 % germans in poland so it would be hard to miss these 5 % muslims now but still i 've seen maybe three chechens in my life . 
  same here , or at least in western europe . 
  imagine that some `` activists '' were driving to greece in order to help these criminals to cross the border to macedonia where they were arrested . 
  all of the lefty mass media and `` experts '' were in favour of taking in everybody without any registration , control or such fascist , opressive measures . 
  only after the new years eve and massive sexual harrasment , rapes and thievery the narration was changed and suddently the `` refugees '' turned out to be `` immigrants '' . 
   48 fighters 48 f-16s c/d ( d is two seat , can be used as trainer and fighter ) and 32 mig-29s and , well ... 18 su-22 ( fighter/bomber ) still in service . 
  i 've seen this information months ago , i guess now it 's just official and it will be just like german mission , three - four aircrafts on recon missions . 
  yup , also slovakia lost to wales which i was n't expecting since the slovak team in recent years was doing quite well and wales ... well , i do n't know it at all . 
  indeed , iceland is a sensation for me . 
   using a little bit of common sense , you could realize that the vast majority of russians probably do not approve of drunken fellow countryman almost beating people to death in a french town . 
  why then their authorities excuse or even approve this kind of behaviour ? 
  hooligans , thugs and just criminals are in every country and russia is no exception , but they should be deported , arrested and prosecuted , not excused , the russian authorities should not play into their annoying victim complex and accuse everybody of some prejudice . 
  like i 'd see narration of russian gov and its medias ... russia ca n't regain anything , it 's only loosing its influence and if we talk about `` multi polar world '' that 's rather china and india which are or will be the other `` poles '' . 
  russia is in a different league and lacks potential to compete with them , not to mention its beloved america . 
  show me a one `` western '' media which even comments that russian dream of `` multipolar world '' . 
  very nice , whole v4 on euro 2016 and doing quite well , except for czech rep. but loosing to the champs is no shame . 
  it does n't say clearly what kind of aid and assistance , similar with [ article 51 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chapter_vii_of_the_united_nations_charter#article_51 ) which could be used and abused , even nato art 5 is not very clear . 
  but sure , that 's some guarantee , de facto extending nato responsibility over the whole eu . 
  til , thanks . 
   eu already has a military alliance ? 
  really ? 
  sure , that gas to be some hysteria , pgoby or another emotional issue , as opposed to the very rational fear of defensive weapons . 
  now you 're just fighting your strawman , which is quite amusing . 
  read my other comments here or just follow the news . 
  not going to happend , on the previous nato summit it was issued already that there 's not going to be any aid , not even in arms sales . 
  france and germany guaranteed the failed minsk agreement and they 'd rather return make business as usuall if russia would only back off ay least a one step or show any sign of good will . 
  escalating conflict in ukraine even further is not a good idea , but nato should beef up its defences and finally start answering for every provocation or demonstration of power and threats . 
   borders and clients yeah , except that these `` clients '' and their borders are being violated . 
  nato is still very moderate and diplomatic in opposite to russia which is openly thretening everybody around and it 's also not the first request for russia to move out of ukraine , which is not going to happend anyway . 
  probably because of weak z\u0142oty and still quite low vat ( 5-7 % ) for food . 
  not homosexuality but homosexualist propaganda and i 'm talking about that many people gets arrested in russia for even smaller bullshit but nobody gets excited about it in / r/europe when it 's not about gays and this is also what the french gov tv tried to acheive . 
  then sorry for misunderstanding . 
  i hope noone was arrested then , but i would n't be surprised . 
  why do n't you read what these gays say and what happends to the other people , not just the chosen ones ? 
  you wasted this time to explain what i 've put in a one word , deterrence . 
  your point that russia is loosing second strike capability is just false . 
   can abm system stop weakened retaliation ( i.e nuclear second strike ) after more or less successful nuclear first strike ? 
  yeah . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  it can maybe stop one , two short or medium range old type of single warhead missiles . 
  if abm is so great and important then why moscow will not develop its own system or adapt its already existing sams ? 
  because that 's not the point and of course their warmongering propaganda is just what it is , a propaganda ... p.s. 
  calm the f. . . down before you loose it completely , comrade . 
  yes , like someone else wrote here , these lefty nuts that encourage criminals in calais or in greece , where also few were captured on border with maxedonia ... 
  but , most of all , the german government just let all of the unregistred criminals which violated schengen borders to settle in your country . 
  we 're fine without russia and america is a one reaason they 're out . 
  just because you 're naive to trust in public declarations of putin ( or any other politician ) it does n't mean that 's what 's going on for real . 
  they are not allowed by the city mayors since some years , not by the federal law . 
  i hope you 're joking . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_assembly_in_russia it 's not about homosexualist propaganda , the world does n't revolve around gays and not everything what happends to them is beacause of their erotic taste . 
  paris is not moscow ... and i 'm not sure which is worse . 
  that [ one muslim ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/selim_chazbijewicz ) is a long time member of the `` fascist '' party and actually oppose the illegal immigration . 
  you clearly have no idea about history , politics or military . 
  russia occupied half of europe until recently and before that `` liberation '' murdered tens of millions people , mostly ukrainians actually . 
  i do n't give a f. . . about the anti american obsession of russia , it only wants to makes us weaker which is not surprising but it 's not going to happend . 
  i see only you sucking a bottle of cheap vodka and talking bullshit .
