  i 'm trying to reduce emotions , etchics , morals and other subjective factors to bare minimum , but i must disagree . 
  it 's all about life . 
  there 're other solutions for contraceptive failure , like adoptions . 
  i have no right , nor illusions to tell irresponsible people to abstain from sex , but they should know and face the consequences . 
  excuse me , but it 's not about uneven `` rights '' , it 's the nature which made females and males `` uneven '' , which is also why we 're attracted to each othe . 
  i 'm really glad that women were emancipated and currently have equal civic rights , but there 're laws of nature which we ca n't just change by legislation . 
  we were able to reduce infant mortality rate , introduced artificial fertilisation , even took it out of human bodies but again , there 're limits that we ca n't overcome at now and one of them is that people need women 's uterus to grow . 
  yes , accidents happends , which does n't mean we ca n't deal with consequences in a civilised way , without killing each other . 
  maybe , it was rather comparation of uterus to a kidney , but still it 's another typical and false comapration between a natural process and patologic condition . 
  this or the other way , it 's a fallacy especially if both men and women willingly `` donates '' their gametes . 
  source ? 
  it depends on a method , the most sucessfull , but the least popular and unrealistic is just abstaining from sex , but anyway people should know the consequences of their deeds and they should face them especially if that involves another human 's life . 
  absolutelly , laws should protect humans regardless of their stage of developement or medical condition . 
  fetus is just an organism in prenatal stage of life , it 's neither an organ like kidney , nor a gemete like sperm , all of these typical comparations are simply false and based on ignorance . 
  we do n't have technology to breed outside of our bodies , there 's fertilisation on glass ( in vitoro ) and it 's possible to treat premature births , but ther 're still limits and unless there 's developed another way , humans will be reproducing sexually and growing in uterus . 
  is it typical for pro abortionists to not understand what others write ? 
  there 're some people arguing for so called post natal `` abortions '' . 
  hopefully it 's not going to be legal anytime soon , but i would n't be surprised . 
  because this view is not shared by most of people , then it 's unrealistic to expect this behavior . 
  there 're some legal limits , but the real one is the nature and sexually mature people will need to deal with their instincts in this or the other way . 
  they should be educated first of all and as for now even those which finished schools seems to not even understand what 's a living organism or how people reproduce . 
  then they should be improoved , but as for now there 's no better way to avoid fertilisation or stds . 
  it 's enough if people are a bit more responsible and use contraceptives . 
  it 's demoralising when sex is treated as just and only fun and humans like toys just because they 're immature and dependent on other people . 
  not to mention the amount of bs and ignorance that is spreaded to justyfie aborting these humans . 
  so which of my points do you disagree with ? 
  this is rational and biologic point of view , pleasure is just a mechanism which makes us to reproduce . 
  that 's why contraceptives were invented , people should use these instead of aborting humans that they 've created by `` accident '' . 
  call it as you wish , the point is that 's a voluntary act . 
  no , baby 's body is not her body . 
  if a man conceived it , then it means he has to face the consequences . 
  reproduction is the consexuence of sexual intercourse and if it 's voluntary then it means that both parents decided to risk the fertilisation . 
  ther 're foster homes and families . 
  leaving baby humans in trash is not allowed , at least not yet . 
  so if someone does n't like a shitty life , then he can abort himself . 
  yeah , except that 's not me , nor anybody else that puts another human in her uterus . 
  it 's both of parents and nature works this way no matter if you like it or not , every human was a `` small '' amount of cells ay once , then becomes a `` big '' amount of cells . 
   father clearly state on paper that he do n't want a baby and what if he wants and mother do n't ? 
   it was the mother decision to have it it was their both decission to have it , unless that was a rape . 
  true , but it 's not the case here . 
  no , once again i repeat that it 's another `` body '' ( organism ) inside women 's , it 's neither hers nor mine `` property '' . 
  if you 're talking about rape then i would even consider it as a point , otherwise if the people are adult enough to have sex , they should know what are the consequences . 
  then we disagree . 
  i say it 's a lesser evil because everything is better than death , but it does n't mean i support this proposal . 
  yeah , i like comedy movies also , but they are n't serious , you know ? 
  stoning and beheading is also allowed in many countries ... 
  this is not a valid argument to proove anything . 
   let him a lot no idea what you 're talking about . 
  it 's not allowed to leave babies in trash , at least not yet , because imagine that mammals are dependent on mothers for quite a bit of time after their birth so without care they get * aborted * . 
   amont of cells which is a living human organism . 
  imagine that your organism is also a compound of cells and yes , living alone is better than dying , obviously . 
  that makes no sense , just because some human is dependent on you it does n't give you right to `` abort '' or enslave it . 
  in that case there 's police and court to execute laws . 
  nothing 's worse than termination of life . 
  none of them should be allowed to `` abort '' humans and both should decide if abandon the baby and give it for adoption , otherwise they need to grow up and face responsibility for another human that they brought to life . 
  also , you 're wrong that men can just abandon their kids without consequnces , whatever the `` social stigma '' , the court can order child support and usually it sides with single mothers , which is good . 
  i was following it , but i guess that everybody 's `` wise '' after something hapends . 
  i 've seen some leaked and intercepted conversations of ukrainian leadership and no , they were the same shocked as everybody . 
  that 's how mammals are reproducing , but what 's your point ? 
   body of the woman this is not a woman 's `` body '' , it 's a separate organism inside her own . 
  oh well , at least no human gets aborted because of that , but both parents should take responsibility of their actions . 
  [ that was a good movie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ydbcbbknbzc ) best part : - kurwa , who are you ? 
  and how 's that related to democracy again ? 
  hard to say what 's the reason behind it , medias con only speculate , but i doubt that it 's going to have any serious effect besides of foreign opinions . 
  we lost already the whole general staff with all the commanders of every military branch in 2010 , so if we could deal with that then this is not going to make a big difference . 
   grounds that this was russian filled organization and that it was participating in illegal activity such as selling arms to terrorists in yemen and mobsters in estonia , besides drug dealing , spying on politicians and media and so on ... every single party in parliament voted in favor of `` destroying '' this mafia , except for post communists , obviously . 
   military intelligence you mean the mobsters which were mostly `` competent '' in drugs and arms dealing ? 
  the communist intelligence should be replaced a long time before and fortunatelly it was in a time of moderate peace in region . 
  polish emmigration to belgium is a much older story . 
  except for a small political emmigration after the failed uprisings against russia in xixc there was quite a lot of miners coming from germany and france after wwi . 
  in 1938 there were about 60k poles in belgium , they even organised their own resistance in wwii . 
  then the polish 1st armoured division was fighting there and about 10k soldiers settled after the war . 
  still i suppose that most of them at now came in recent years . 
  oh , what a pity ... we owe it to germans and communists , but still there 're some german and belarussian minorities , as for immigrants there 're some vietnamesse and quite a lot of ukrainians . 
  so no , we do n't `` suck '' that much . 
  i disagree , especially on `` racist '' accusation which was abused too often by the european leftists and their medias over the `` refugee '' crisis and reaction against islam , which is obviously not a race . 
  i do n't see todays misguided kids or just primitive thugs with nazi or communist simbolic as sucessors to these regimes , but still they 're treated in different way . 
  i 've seen people with communist simbolic in italy , even whole parties with their emblems , it 's just sad and no matter if they are or the others were the `` true '' communists , it 's the same offensive as swastika , but somehow tolerated . 
  do n't know any other sources reporting from german death camps and ghettos during war , but the official policies like collective death peantly for aiding jews and countles massacres were announced in public , so there was no way it could be hidden . 
  is used as a slogan to label usually unrelated , but unwanted ideas and people . 
  your despcription is not exclusive for fascism and many other regimes were far more effective in securing their totalitarian power , especially communist , but somehow it 's not that `` simbolic '' . 
  that was the intel . 
  do n't know if they did or did not believed , i just know reaction of british and american officials to these reports . 
  yeah , you may be right , but anyway they knew what 's going on . 
  i know , which also makes me wonder why `` fascism '' is used far more often than `` nazism '' as a boogeyman and insult . 
  i do n't mean it was good , but there were far worse regimes and i can even understand some nostalgia amongst few older people because in opposite to russians under communism , they were n't persecuted . 
   the polish government in exile were sheltered in london as well as czechoslovak and yugoslav . 
  you know what happened to that polish gov and soldiers after the war ? 
   allies didnt know what was going on in the kz 's they knew at least because of jan karski or witold pilecki , but they could n't believe and thought that 's only anti german propaganda . 
  roosevelt just mocked karski and asked him about condition of ... horses in poland . 
  red cross was probably shown some idyllic camp , there were such and i remember even some propaganda videos . 
  how many italians were killed by mussolini ? 
  not suddently , they [ never stopped loving him ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/poll-finds-stalins-popularity-high/476342.html ) , or [ excusing his terror ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/was-stalins-terror-justified-poll-shows-more-russians-think-it-was/518298.html ) . 
  do n't know the russian schools and state owned medias ( except for rt ) , but there 's obviously something wrong with education there . 
  second to mao . 
  seriously christians are persecuted in middle east , there 's ongoing just a religious genocide there and even if i 'm not a believer , it just disgusts me how leftists ca n't admit this fact because of their belief in `` equality '' . 
  sorry , but not everybody there is equally persecuted and not everyobody is equally guilty . 
  the pope should take care of it and just lobby in a name of these people at the european `` courts '' because nobody else would do it in these crazy times . 
  ok , it may be just my ignorance , but is n't catholic church a hierarchic institution where pope is the highest authority ? 
  sure i can see the difference and even i 've mentioned that the catholic commentators and publicists in poland are quite anti islamic , but i would n't blame the church for these opinions as you did .
