  yes , i have to admit that there were different periods in soviet politics , the one of stalin was probably worse than lenin 's and especially khruschevs . 
  even if it was less brutal then , people were still getting arrested , exploited and killed , it was not just about the freedom of speech . 
  there 're still many people responsible for that which should be judged , especially in the former satellite states which claims to be civilised now . 
  unfortunatelly in many cases the `` european '' left prevents that and criticise every attempt at exposing , judging and condeming the communists . 
  it 's just demoralising . 
  especially france with its `` popular front '' was very afraid of socialism ... 
  the biggest part in franco 's victory , besides of german and italian support , played the `` republican '' regime itselve and other left extremists . 
  it was a civil war , not a conquest of foreign power . 
  ok , i 've heard about this , that 's probably the only example of a communist criminal that was sentenced . 
  maybe another one recently in poland , but just for two years and the sentence is in suspension . 
  really , you ca n't deny that almost every communist criminal got away unpunished . 
  yes and many people does it . 
  that 's your `` logic '' , i 've said nothing about your nationality . 
  you 're talking about the february revolution . 
  the so called october `` revolution '' was just a bolshevik coup after elections in which sr and kerensky got majority of votes . 
  franco was actually supported by the usa some time after the wwii and spanish civil war , it 's not an example of a guy who came to power with their help . 
  ceaucescu and his wife were shot by the communist secret police after a staged trial . 
  this is not what i was talking about . 
  so you say that smith invented capitalism ? 
  it comes from the human nature , not some revolutionary idea that was forced on the people . 
  you and most of the communist apologists concentrate just on a one country or just a one man , i do n't mind scapegoating stalin , but it 's not so simple to blame a one guy and excuse the whole system . 
  the situation after wwii changed , but before and during the war they had exactly the same policies towards the `` wrong '' nations . 
  katy\u0144 could be compared to the aktion ab , both were consulted actually on the meetings between nkvd and gestapo , as for the german concentratiuon camps , they were used until late 50s by the soviet `` liberators '' and they also had their system of camps called gulag . 
  stalin was not the only communist criminal and it 's not me who 's writing the history , the winners are . 
   passively support what 's that ? 
  the border dispute between czechoslovakia and poland was unrelated to the german politics . 
  so what if they did n't existed ? 
  soviets also collaborated in training the german army . 
  especially they `` regained '' the so called `` galizia '' . 
  you could say the same about germany . 
  the pact was `` pragmatic '' from the point of view of two agressive totalitarian regimes . 
  it was necessary especially for germans since they did n't wanted to repeat the mistake from wwi and fight on two fronts , soviets gave them this opportunity and that 's how they begun the wwii . 
  soviets were doing exactly the same things , all of the mentioned countries were run by their puppets before americans reacted . 
  still pinochet and franco were far better than average communist dictator , but both are criticised and second one was also arrested . 
  i do n't know a single communist criminal that was sentenced and they 're usually excusesd or just ignored . 
  capitalism is not an ideology , nobody invented it , that 's just a description of an economic system which developed in a natural way . 
   contact with our enemies nice euphemism . 
  should we tolerate ideologies that tends to destroy our countries and establish foregin regime ? 
  soviets were n't the only communist regime . 
  yes , both americans and british throught that 's just anti german propaganda of the polish goverment . 
  for the other hand , they knew what was the attitude of national socialists towards the jews before the war . 
  and what does it say ? 
  they just refuse to face the unconvinient facts and gets offended when someone reminds them what communism was in practice . 
  i guess the neonazis would also feel offended by comparation to communists , but why should i care about their feelings ? 
  sure , becouse `` revolution '' was good , just the `` revolutionaries '' were bad . 
  closer than hitler and mussolini . 
  stalin was not alone , before him was lenin and after him there was not many `` enemies '' left . 
  we should and we do commemorate imperialism and slavery , at least these countries that were doing it . 
  just look at britain or netherlandes . 
  idiotic comparation , especially if the lefty internationale was directly dependant on kremlin . 
  also , nobody was murdering or enslaving them . 
  i guess you really do n't know what was ( and is ) happening in communist states . 
  so what if not a `` massacre '' is when the army shots dozens of protesting workers like it was in 1970 ? 
  after they get rid of `` spies '' and guerillas it was indeed less brutal , but still people opposed and were abused becouse of that . 
  the gulag survivors would agree with me . 
  how am i trivialising the holocaust ? 
  just becouse i say that the soviets had exactly the same policy towards the other nations , including mine ? 
  they started few years before germans with nkvd `` polish operation '' . 
  check my post history , i 've never called anybody a `` russian shill '' or `` commie pinko '' , whatever that means . 
  usually i 'm not accusing or insulting people . 
   did n't poland participate in the invasion of czechoslovakia ? 
  no , it did n't . 
  poland had a real non agression pacts with both germany and the soviets , without secret protocols about agressin against the other states . 
  if we look at the diplomatic relations both germany and the soviets were supporting each other since the pact in rapallo , both of them could n't get over the territorial losses and existence of the countries they 've occupied in xixc . 
  the ribbentropp-molotov pact was followed by many commercial and military deals giving germans the ability to wage the war on france , britain and the others . 
  ... what about mao zedong , kim il sung , pol pot and all the others ? 
  were they also `` stalinists '' ? 
  as much as i hate communism , i think it 's just wrong to equate it with socialism . 
  you mean the circlejerk of the offended lefty primadonnas ? 
  nationalisation , collectivisation , slave labour etc. 
  were parts of that criminal ideology , every regime tries to enforce its policies and prevent the opposition from challanging it , but the communists were especially `` effective '' at that . 
  and where to put mao zedong , the bloodiest massmurderer in history ? 
  you 're all forgetting that communism was not just in russia . 
  there were even bigger battles between the commonwealth and ottoman empire , but this one was extremly important . 
  pity we failed at varna ... but it 's all a history and we 're not forgetting the better parts of it . 
  i 'm glad that turkey is our allie now . 
  well , the cossacs were quite badass . 
  i like especially ataman petro konashewych - sahaidachny . 
  you destroyed the ottoman fleet , pillaged their cities , invided istambul and held their massive invasion at khotin ( with our forces ) ... come on , that 's quite impressive . 
  oh , you hurt my feelings ... 
  yes i can ignore the utopist loonatics and judge them by their deeds instead of `` altruistic intentions '' . 
  so , what 's my agenda ? 
  read some history book . 
  there 's a difference between theory and practice . 
  both of them started it , they were aliies until 1941 and communists knew very well what germans are doing in poland . 
  they were doing the same things , just against the other nations . 
  i agree , communists murdered far more people than the nazis . 
  hmm , may i know which museums ? 
  it did n't ended in 1956 , the people were still being massacred after that in 1968 , 1970 or 1981 , not to mention the tortures and murders done by the secret police which followed even after 1989 . 
  no communist was ever judged for that , just the pawns who folloed the orders . 
  it 's not called a `` day of remembrance for the victims of nazism and communism '' just becouse the `` european '' left extreme opposed it . 
  they forgot a guillotine . 
  do n't get offended , but i 've heard that the opposition and revolution in romania was organised by the secret services mostly , not by the people . 
  we 've had `` solidarno\u015b\u0107 '' with ten millions official members , but they were cheated ( in my opinion ) by the leaders who used to be communists before 1968 and were kicked out of the party . 
  as a result we ended up in 1989 with `` free '' elections ( 75 % guaranted for the party ) and a `` president '' jaruzelski , who was far worse than ceaucescu . 
  actually i 'm suprised about what you 're saying since that guy is quite infamous and considered a bloody dictator . 
  none of the communist criminals was sentenced in poland either , just the pawns who followed the orders . 
  the teachers are usually unable to finish the whole programmation so they 're ignoring even morte important things just to close the subject at the end of the year . 
  as much as i love the idea , which is an optimistic and strong simbolism , it 's not the most important event in the `` collapse '' of communism . 
  i guess most of people also have no idea about the singing revolution in estonia or many more events during that time .
