  besides , internationalism also existed before wwi , not to mention the `` multikulti '' empires . 
  the fact remains , they 're pro eu , campaigned in favour of accession , negotiated and signed lisbon treaty for which they 're hated by the real `` eurosceptics '' or just secessionists . 
  just because they have a different approach than the euro onanists it does n't make your comparation to ukip valid . 
  maybe they have a different idea of what 's `` for '' and what 's `` against '' our country . 
  i agree that the foreign support and just for this organisation is suspicious and shows the bias of eu commision , not to mention the president but we 're members of eu so it 's a conflict inside it , not just a `` foreign '' intervention . 
  however german media can be influenced ( like in recorded convesations between minister gra\u015b and oligarch kulczyk ) they 're not controlled by the gov. 
   kod , which are pretty much traitors i hate this kind of accusations or insults , it makes every kind of discussion impossible . 
  no , but in many other cases work can be outsorced . 
  it 's not representative , it just does n't do what democracy should be about , power of the people , through representants in this case . 
  i used to have doubts but looking at this kind of examples now i 'm totally against single member districts and other non proportional election systems . 
  even the 5 % threshold is not a very democratic idea . 
  pis has nothing in common with ukip , that would be rather korwin . 
  these labels are much closer to reality than the usuall loaded `` far right '' given by the `` far left '' mass media but these are still just subjective labels which does n't really matter . 
   call you a nazi , in case germany or nazi-collaborator in case of sweden wat ? 
  the eu funds and rules were there before we joined and it does n't work like you thinks , you do n't buy uncontrolled power over the poorer countries and treat them like colonies . 
  edit : besides , that 's the opinion of a former american consuel and ambassador to eu . 
  yes , now i know after checking that but the point remains , many voters are excluded , not represented and it does not matter that i do n't like fn , it 's just not a democratic system . 
  sorry if there 's paywall , here you have the whole article :  the european union 's current overreaching and meddling in poland 's legal affairs under the guise of its lawless , ironically named `` framework to strengthen the rule of law , '' provides a glimpse at some of the dynamics underlying last month 's brexit vote . 
  the framework , announced in march 2014 , did not directly factor into brexit , but it demonstrates the eu 's troubling propensity to harass its member states and dictate brussels-based solutions for domestic problems . 
  if pursued , the framework could further destabilize the eu . 
   at issue is a standoff between poland 's new center-right governing coalition and its constitutional tribunal -- akin to the u.s. supreme court -- regarding the validity of appointments to the tribunal . 
  the new governing coalition believes its appointees should be seated , while the tribunal believes the seats should go to the appointees of the outgoing center-left government . 
  which side is correct under polish law is less important than the complete lack of evidence that the impasse can not be resolved politically within poland , to say nothing of the lack of evidence that the dispute threatens the `` rule of law '' values enshrined in article 2 of the treaty on european union ( updating the 1992 maastricht treaty ) . 
   no matter . 
  instead of directing its energies to resolving the refugee crisis , calming the turmoil surrounding the brexit referendum or revitalizing its moribund economy , the eu is flexing its muscle to dictate its preferred result for poland 's internal dispute . 
  this would be cause for concern were the eu 's actions within the scope of its governing treaties . 
  but in this case , the eu is inserting itself into polish affairs because it sees an opportunity to institute its framework , an authority that it simply conjured out of thin air . 
   the relevant treaties establish two mechanisms for the eu to address transgressions by member states and to protect the fundamental values upon which the union is founded . 
  the first is article 258 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union ( updating the 1958 treaty of rome ) . 
  under article 258 , the commission can issue opinions detailing the alleged failure of member states to fulfill treaty obligations and prosecute them to binding resolution before the european court of justice . 
   the second procedure , set forth in article 7 of the treaty on european union , is more open-ended as to potential violations , but deliberately more difficult to invoke . 
  one-third of the member states or the commission may invoke article 7 by submitting a `` reasoned proposal '' to the council of the european union -- the heads of state of the member countries -- alleging that a member state is engaging in a `` serious and persistent breach '' of an article 2 value such as the rule of law . 
   acting by unanimity with the consent of the european parliament , the council may suspend certain rights of the member state , including its council voting rights . 
  this is a punishment that 's never been invoked before , and has been called the `` nuclear option . '' it is intentionally difficult to invoke and carries draconian sanctions because , absent extraordinary circumstances , member states should have full autonomy over their internal systems of justice . 
   rather than make its case against poland under either article 258 or article 7 , the commission instead invoked its framework . 
  on june 1 , the commission sent a rule of law opinion to poland detailing its concerns and setting forth its preferred solutions . 
  poland has so far refused to acknowledge the legal legitimacy of the commission 's opinion . 
   the framework is a misstep in eu governance . 
  not only does it precipitate unnecessary crises between the eu and its member states , it also represents a centralization of authority that has not been laid out by treaty . 
  and especially on matters regarding the domestic administration of justice , the eu should be particularly sensitive . 
   the framework 's defenders say that it is nothing more than a procedural bridge between informal consultations regarding potential rule-of-law violations and article 7 's nuclear option . 
  but the commission has at its disposal numerous informal , diplomatic tools to address such violations and has used them successfully in the past . 
  to the extent a rule-of-law crisis is brewing in poland , there is no reason to believe informal tools would prove inadequate to address it . 
   in truth , the commission invoked the framework to further centralize power in brussels . 
  the framework is a commission effort to grant itself the power to review and assess the quality of a member state 's justice system and to use threats that usurped authority to delay and impede reforms that it disfavors . 
  it allows bureaucrats within the commission to enforce -- unguided , and in secret -- their idiosyncratic understandings of article 7 's `` fundamental values , '' without adhering to article 7 's procedural requirements . 
   if the framework gains a foothold in eu law , it could enable the commission to assert control over member states ' justice systems as well as their human-rights and antidiscrimination laws . 
  that is not how the eu , founded upon national sovereignty and sovereign consent , is supposed to work . 
  and it is more a denial than an affirmation of the rule of law . 
   given the eu 's unpopularity in some places , the last thing it needs is yet another incident sparked by the commission 's unelected bureaucrats against a member state 's elected leadership . 
  europe is under enough stress at the moment . 
  invoking the ill-conceived framework now will only further strain the union and delay its ability to craft and implement solutions to the truly existential problems currently besieging it and the continent . 
   mr. gray was white house counsel from 1989 to 1993 , and the u.s. ambassador to the european union from 2006 to 2007 . 
   .8 in the second so what was your comment about ? 
  apparently that 's the `` ass '' i took this from so forgive me for not checking if you 're writing bullshit again . 
   pool of supply is limited no , it 's not . 
  it will only be limited in britain but there 're other countries around . 
   wages that you ca n't live on if you have to stay in the country you know that most of them also stay and somehow they can live . 
  banning these people will result in companies outsorcing or defaulting . 
  yes and i 'm not their supporter by any mean but how is that related to terrorism again ? 
  sorry , i just do n't know such details about domestic politics of other states . 
  so , who 's going to be the next president of france ? 
  8m voters have no representation and you 're happy about it because these are the `` wrong '' voters ... no idea how does it happend , but is france ( or britain ) actually a democratic country when so many people are just excluded ? 
  why ? 
  and why ca n't we take other steps ? 
  i just hate this kind of non alternative , pre determined `` progress '' that usually leftists talks about , it 's a kind of irrational fanatism which makes reforming impossible . 
  the `` mess '' has many fathers and faces , secession of uk is just a one of several problems we have and which were n't solved neither by ec , nor by the nation states . 
  will we solve the debt issues and $ crisis in several southern eu states by centralising more power in hands of eu institutions ? 
  will we secure borders with the `` tolerantionist '' attitude and more responsibility in hands of people like schulz or juncker ? 
  the list goes on ... 
  i do n't mind germany playing big role , it 's natural , i just do n't think they 're playing a positive role sometimes , nobody 's perfect . 
  i 'm always eager to learn new things but i do n't see how terrorist attacks can be related to the support for eu . 
  you 're confusing two different parts of this study , one shows if people wants more or less powers for eu or their goverments , the other shows general attitude to eu and the whole trend is clearly negative . 
  iy shows the biggest members and greece , there 's also hungary in the first poll . 
  ok but i disgree with that guy , i think the whole eu establishment with him is failing and knows just a one way of doing things , they 're incapable of self criticism or any reform , only pushing forward with their ideology . 
  eu should take a deep breath first of all , calm down and maybe consider a step back . 
  easy with insults . 
  it is unfortunatelly the attitude towards the eastern eu and not just on reddit . 
  me too , except that these `` hard core antisemites '' would never harm a fly and only talk embarassing bullshit . 
  that 's hasidic , but i 'm no expert and sorry but i 've never seen a one in muranow , even when i was attending these jewish movies and meetings with their creators . 
  they all looked like regular people . 
  i do n't really care anyway , it 's just sad to see that , whoever does it . 
  i just showed you a [ pew research center poll ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.07_brexit-05.png ) exactly about that , i can give you the [ whole thing ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/ ) also and you 've seen the results of british referendum , even if both sides were close . 
  there 's more of that and it seems that we have a [ growing problem ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.07_brexit-00.png ) , just do n't deny and do n't pretend that everything 's fine . 
  thanks for an instant downvote ... and a lot of accusations , excuses , whining and no answers either for the failure of eu in referendum or interpretation of this poll made by the ep institution . 
  euro circlejerking will not solve any of these problems . 
  i used to know some jewish people , one mate from neighborhood `` discovered '' his new identity , attended jewish school , trips and parties and i was also few times . 
  my ex was a member of kik ( klub inteligencji katolickiej ) and organised festivals of jewish films ... 
  i 've never seen an `` orthodox '' ( i guess you mean hasidic ) jew . 
  things are not bad , the jewish trips with armed bodyguards are actually dangerous and ridiculous for locals and other tourists . 
  there was a lot of stupid graffitti about anything , mostly football teams or such but i guess you was n't in poland since 90s because a lot of things changed . 
  that 's madness . 
  we have international treaties and conventions about refuge and asylum already but then these `` refugeees '' would need to use legal way instead of forcing borders and smuggle whatever they wanted ... 
  it does n't fit other , independent polls . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/files/2016/06/pm_2016.06.07_brexit-05.png ) is quite confusing but most of all the eurobarometer included uk which just voted out and in that poll they seemed to support eu in most of question . 
  how can you explain that ? 
  it was the same story in poland , except that a private foundation brought few hundrets people directly from syria and hosted them in some catholic parishes which offered everything , flats , schools and even god damn bikes , internet and jobs ... 
  they left for germany at night . 
  that 's not the concept of schengen to have open borders with turkey , serbia or bosnia but apparently angela do n't get it . 
  that 's a different referendum .
