  they even considered hiring some `` trolls '' lol, 
  i was rather thinking about drones , or tv helicopters flying higher or just in the public spaces where they can also have a wider view . 
  it 's obvious that peoples privacy and property should be respected , but there 're ways to avoid violation of these rights and still provide peoople with this useful service . 
  it 's just a pity . 
  great , just great ... eu watching the value and quality , so caring for the consumers . 
  yeah , that 's why carrot is a fruit and snails are fishes ... not sure how this case was resolved finally , but how restrictions about smoked meats increase their quality ? 
  fortunatelly the french lobby failed to redefine vodka as every high vol . 
  alcohol made of leftovers . 
  in my opinion it is , unless that 's the personal data . 
  still , private people makes much more pictures and many publish them on the social networks , including google . 
  it 's also much harder to control them , if the gov really have to . 
  true , but it could be as well restricted to several places . 
  i see no reason why corporate project like that should be treated differently than the private people , especially if this service is for free and could be helpful for tourists . 
  i see it the opposite way , often journalists are just pushing their own agenda instead of reporting what 's important for real , they decide what is . 
  many places are n't safe and this is the reason why people should know it , if some brave journalists could infiltrate isis , they could as well go to transnistria , abkazia or xinjiang . 
  the problem is , like you said , that nobody has interest in it and especially not the politicians . 
  yes , someone said it already , i should rather ask why `` panorama '' is allowed . 
  it is , but what does it say about our politicians and journalists , which in theory should be independent ? 
  sounds fair , but why then the google street view in public places , or at least bigger cities , is not allowed ? 
  for me this is a great tool when i 'm considering if to visit some place , how to get around and not to be lost . 
  you just ca n't see the same things on a map . 
  and how did it changed ? 
  you just do n't know and that 's the fault of these `` journalists '' about several wars in post soviet countries , the wars in chechnya and other caucasian republics . 
  do you know that there were at least three wars in georgia and just a genocide in abkazia ? 
  nevermind these manouavres , insults , embargos and provocations , we learned to live with that ... how is such an `` appeasment '' beneficial in the long term we can see right now , it was just benefitial for several corrupted politicians like chancellor schroeder . 
  few others are `` advisors '' for some post soviet dictators in central asia . 
  nationalism = / = monarchism, 
  eu , british commonwealth , usa , the so called `` west '' . 
  ok , i know the freedom of speech is abused in there , but it 's not a problem to criticise russia sudedently and to not complain about china anymore . 
  did something changed in these countries in regard of medias , or just `` our '' medias changed ? 
  do n't we have some journalists ? 
  the problem is also that they do n't report such stuff , up until quite recently the only problem with russia was about homosexuals `` rights '' , but it was ok for them to invide georgia or slaughter chechnya . 
  nobody heard about their annual maouavres and nuclear threats to poland , the ones who criticesd them were labelled as `` russophobes '' and not just by their propaganda . 
  sure , i just wanted to learn some details from local people , especially if `` panorama '' is not forbidden . 
  exactly . 
  same goes for saudi arabia and the others , apparently the rich ones can get away with anything while the others are being bashed for any kind of bullshit . 
  also i guess the case of tibet was useful only when it served others interests , which is nothing new actually . 
  so why it was forbidden finally ? 
  i can understand that someone do n't want to participate in it , but this should be resolved by private prosecution or just a simple declaration . 
  rather , why is it not forbidden , yet . 
  ok , in this way your question makes alot of sense , i 'm just forgetting that someone would be insane enough to prohibit photographs . 
  it could be also for commercial reasons , to force the people to buy postcards or some `` official '' pictures , but as for google street view ... i 've never paid anything for that . 
  and most of the other countrties . 
  i guess that 's becouse it was n't forbidden ... you do n't have to allow people to buy a camera , take a picture and publish it . 
  they can manage it on their own without goverment `` helping '' them . 
  this is just a retarded argument . 
  are drones or helicopters forbidden as well ? 
  what about the people living on upper floors and looking down on the others possesions ? 
  they 're not allowed to take and publish photos ? 
  poland elections are coming . 
  govermen makes promises , opposition makes even more , both are bashing eachother . 
  the ruling party and pm do n't know how to run campaign , their mistakes and petty lies are laughtable . 
  opposition makes a three day long convention with debates , panels and speeches , today there was [ eric maskin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eric_maskin ) speaking . 
  is n't google blurring the people 's faces , registration plates and such ? 
  i suppose there 're privacy rights in the countries where it works . 
  well , china is actually abusing the rights of its minorities , should n't the leftys protest against that too ? 
  the other thing is absolutelly unacceptable violence , no matter this misunderstanding becouse chinesse touruists do n't deserve it as well . 
  honestly ... how many of you would distinguish korean from japanesse or chinesse ? 
  can you even tell a difference between germans and french ? 
  ok , but why is google street view not working in germany ? 
  say , why are we paying compensations to these prisoners kept in your secret prisons ? 
  shifting blame you say ? 
   your government is so weak ours for sure is , but i agree that they 're responsible and should be judged for violation of human rights and constitution . 
  similar , except the part in which i 'm referring to turkey . 
  accusing slovakia of colonialism is just retarded . 
  besides , there 's much more about the islamic slavery to talk about . 
  emirate of cordoba was full of `` saqualiba '' , egypt was even ruled by the mamluks for some time and i could go on forever about it ... do n't lecture europe about exploitation of the conquared people . 
  i do n't suppose that all of them are dumb . 
  this guy just tried to insult me , nothing special about it . 
  do n't know why you 're trying to convince me . 
  of course it 's offensive , the same as demands to obey every order just becouse we 're net recipent of eu funds ... for now . 
  sure , especially slovakia and the rest of central-eastern europe which was constantly plundered by you and your crimean vassal . 
  you forgot to take your tents from vienna , they look better in krak\u00f3w museums anyway . 
  i hope that not every french is like that , but unfortunatelly i see also some british and germans here with this annoying superiority complex . 
  i do n't mind it since i know they 're just wrong . 
  i 'm not electing your politicians . 
  i do n't care about these funds , most of which are used to pay the foreign construction companies and the rest leaves the local communities in debts . 
  in return we get just infrastructure which is not stimulating our gdp growth directly . 
  it will be finished in 2020 anyway . 
  what really matters is free trade , free movement and security . 
  most of our companies are in services sector , just like all around europe , they contribute most to the budget . 
  i was never to britain or any other english speaking country , but i was in paris and cannes ... on vacations . 
  i would n't want to see dirty streets and shit poor immigrant neighborhoods in warsaw . 
   equal no , i thought you 'll be just another foreign power telling us what to do ... take your dirty money together with this colonial attitude and stfu . 
  also , learn some english , half of your idiotic comment makes absolutelly no sense . 
  guess so , but i was rather talking about un peacekeeping missions , with exception of iraq . 
   i 'm pretty sure poland had a deal with the us regarding their middle-east operations , and they got shafted hard . 
  yes , a deal for a box of money ( literally ) to give bases for cia prisons . 
  this corrupted drunker kwa\u015bniewski should pay these compensations assigned by strassbourg court and take the blame instead of a whole country . 
   ex-soviet countries you mean baltic states , right ? 
  no idea about them , but since 1989 the polish army was present in haiti , palestine , darfur , kosovo and several more places ... not to mention the failed occupation of iraq . 
  united army would be disorganised and useless , an alliance is far better idea , but we already have a one and it serves mostly the interests of a strongest member . 
  i wanted to keep it civil , but you 're just some biased prick with absolutelly no idea about our history , culture or `` mentality '' . 
  and this is talking a guy from the country which kicked out jews , abused catholics and homosexuals , not to mention that half of the world was occupied by britain ... get some f. . . education . 
  we can as well close our borders , just like some other shengen countries did several times , but somehow i 'm not afraid that these illegall migrants would choose to live in here . 
  there 're rules also about giving refugee status and it does n't allow them to leave the host country if they want to keep their privillages . 
  so why are you pointing fingers ? 
  the resposiblity lies on the people which commited these crimes , but you 're just throwing collective accusations against the whole countries and people who had not even idea about secret operations of foreign services . 
   right wing pro-war cunts are you nuts ? 
  this subreddit is just full of self hating , `` progressive '' retards capable only of repeating slogans nailed in their heads by lefty massmedias .
