  you know that every ** person ** can have different issues , experiences , knowledge and opinions ? 
  thatcher was not a pm of just female british and present feminists are only usurping their right to speak in a name of women which never chose them . 
  no idea why downvotes . 
  before wwii there were many integrated jews , but also many which were completely isolated , religiously orthodox hasidic and avoided contacts with gentiles . 
  there were some conflicts , as it 's always between different groups of people , but never anything major and never the state policy was in any way anti jewish . 
  we do n't like russians either and their mutual relations are not important here . 
  it 's probably just islam at now . 
  depends , they would n't make a thing without support of medias and politicians which wants these medias to like them and bash the competition , obviously . 
  i remember there was a party of `` women '' some years ago in poland , they get 1 % , maybe 2 % in elections , but it was not a problem for them to enforce their agenda through the previous gov which also hired several of them in education and some useless `` equality '' offices enforced by eu . 
  is a male politician representing all of the men ? 
  i guess there 're some more important and general issues than someone 's physical appearance , sexuality or hobby . 
  typical , first big butthurt and then you admit that i was right , at least about kopacz ... no , she had no power and donald himself is a puppet of merkel . 
  he removed everybody who would be able to challenge his position , so what we have now ? 
  schetyna with neuman ... so very charismatic figures that nobody cares about . 
  actually kaczy\u0144ski took back almost every secessionist , maybe except for dorn , but their position is obviously minor . 
  and why these criminals do n't pay ? 
  was there anybody arrested in this or many other , similar assaults ? 
  so who made the feminists the only representatives of women ? 
  just like donald , except that he 's controlled by a woman . 
  every gov and pm is controlled by the parliament , they have to have majority in order to govern . 
   polish people have more urgent problems yeah , so why are the leftists making such a shitstorm because of a one of many civic projects which was not even passed to the parliament yet ? 
  the opinion of church or conservative politicians should not be surprising for anybody and vast majority of poles oppose aborting people , but most of them are rather used to the existing law . 
  once again , it 's another human body . 
  or maybe people in this world are allowed to have different opinions ... fortunatelly . 
  sorry , but i 'm not going to count these people by myself . 
  we live in this world just because of reproduction and embrygenesis . 
  this way we can close every dsiscussion , on any subject that is not affecting us directly , or censor the `` incorrect '' opinions ... 
  it 's not soviet union either , if you really likes such pointles comparisons . 
  no idea what 's `` your world '' and why exactly i 'm wrong . 
  you can declare and believe in whatever you wants , but that 's no argument for me to share your beliefs . 
  we do n't have to agree , that 's what discussions are about . 
  i 'm not feeding trolls . 
  good day . 
  every complex organism is a `` bunch of cells '' ... 
  it 's not about reproductive system , but about already reproduced human organism . 
  why are you bothering me with your religious or idologic beliefs ? 
  i 'm not a believer and you makes no point . 
  selecting and terminating `` unwanted '' humans is clearly eugenics . 
  yes , it seems that some people are lacking basic knownaledge of biology . 
  source ? 
  i 've heard in medias about this not so very specific number in case of warsaw , but no idea which is the source also in this case . 
  obviously ... 
  yes . 
  `` you 're wrong '' is not an argument . 
  i thought that 's clear , but every organism is a `` bunch of cells '' , except for unicellular organisms of course . 
  it is clearly a living human organism . 
  humans until more or less age 3 develop self awarness and long term memory . 
  why some physical condition should be an excuse to eliminate a human ? 
  this looks like eugenics , if not worse ... 
  i belive there 're people which would remove unwanted humans regardless of law , but it 's not an argument why removing humans should be allowed . 
  it was sarcastic . 
  if that `` bunch of cells '' is a living human organism , then obviously it is a human . 
  but she did n't aborted your mother and that 's also why you 're alive and talking with me . 
  should i feel bad about that she hurt herself trying to abort her baby ? 
  excuse me , but you do n't see who 's the real victim here . 
   is wrong now you convinced me ... 
  no , i just do n't want the foreigners to be confused if they do n't know the language . 
  and why should you ? 
  just because a one human is dependant on another , it 's not yet a `` property '' or a slave ... 
  i was once a foetus , we all were so that 's also why i `` preach '' about empathy . 
  yes , but the post is about krak\u00f3w and your comment was about warsaw . 
  that 's from warsaw where gathered `` few thousands '' ( according to supportive mass media ) and article is about a protest in krak\u00f3w . 
  again , it 's a different human organism , not yours . 
  the law should guarantee and defend rights of every seaprate human , regardles of its age , physical condition or dependence on other humans . 
  since always , if it 's a human foetus of course . 
   definition of life except that in this particular case it 's actually the same as the biological definition od life . 
  i 'm afraid that the leftists are irrational here . 
   topics like these to keep cropping up just like it always was . 
  so it 's not true that 's `` your body '' ? 
  it 's a `` business '' of law to protect humans , also from their parents . 
  oh wow , another protest for or against something ... 
  there 're protests in defence of human lives as well , fortunatelly in poland they are n't attacked by the left extremists like in germany . 
  so , how many people were protersting in krak\u00f3w ? 
  hundred ? 
  or 40 like in friday ? 
   my body it 's another organism ( body ) . 
  human rights should protect every human unconditionally , no matter its age or physical condition . 
  why do n't you make a balanced documentary showing both sides and arguments for and against eu membership ? 
  citizenship is not exactly nationality or ethnicity , there 're also regional identities and even separatist movements in some european countries . 
  to be a citizen of poland means that you have rights and duties given by our legal system , it also gives you rights that comes with the membership in the international organisations like eu and bi lateral agreements like visa free travel to many countries , but not to usa ... national or ethnic identity is different as it 's more universal and not sanctioned by any state , but quite the opposite way since it was created in xixc , in opposition to german and russian states , in defence to their central policies of assimilation and colonisation . 
  that means we 're neither protestant , nor orthodox , we value our language and literature , but most of all , we 're conspiring , plotting , opposing and cheating the government and establishment . 
  i would n't mind it , but we do n't really have a problem with border security . 
  good points . 
  not sure if our previous gov did a good thing when forbid sweets , chips and candybars in schools when they were still aviliable in vending machines and kids were just ... smuggling these from outside , some were even selling that like drug dealers . 
  anyway , the good habits should be taught from the childhood , also not sure if it 's still that way but i 've seen long time ago that japanesse workers exercise together before work . 
   germany and greece were invited but did not come wtf ? 
  this is in their interest , especially greece which is unable ( or unwilling ) to secure its borders and now will not be able to dump the migrants at the border of macedonia or bulgaria . 
  not much of details and not the original project , just legal explanation based on existing law . 
  i 've mentioned this one just because there 's this short time between fertilisation and mitosis . 
  it has all the other characteristics of life already so anyway the `` modern '' supporters of aborting humans are simply showing their ignorance when they deny this fact . 
  islam will not be banned and people should be protected by the law , not oppressed and aborted . 
  there 's no such thing as `` safe '' abortion since at least a one human gets aborted in this way . 
  you 're right that there 's no way to eradicate criminals completely , but it 's not an argument to legalise crimes . 
  could you link the text of this project ? 
  that 's so very specific ... 
  no idea what are you talking about . 
  reproduction is a process in which the offspring organisms are created , sexual reproduction involves gametes and when the female gamete gets fertilised by the male gamete then it becomes an offspring organism , or it is at least since the first mitotic divisions because growth is a one of characteristics of life . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong instead of repeating these boring slogans . 
  then it does n't mater how old or developed that human is , the moment it gets out of the mothers 's uters it 's siddently becoming a `` child '' ? 
  also , how about that humans are aborted usually in this way ?
