  i do n't beg for any sympathy , but i 've met people who could n't belive that , they were taught all their lives that just the jewish people suffered under occupation . 
  and that 's why it 's `` unfair '' to call these camps `` german '' ? 
  just becouse someone could relate it to present germans or those few ones who opposed national socialist goverment ? 
  the reason why people could call wehrmaht the `` nazi army '' is the same as they say `` nazi state '' instead of germany , so either this army as well as the policies of the state ( like camps ) were german , or nazi . 
  make up your mind . 
  btw . 
  i 've never heard from a polish veteran that he founght the `` nazis '' . 
  there were few people like that , most germans supported the policies of their state , either for opportunist reasons , or a fear , but it does n't matter . 
  the point is that it was oficially german state , recognised both by germans and by every other state . 
  no , there are no more camps , just museums and graveyards . 
  it means that whoever writes obama speeches does n't know who made these camps for whom . 
  are you dumb ? 
  the whole thread is about how to call these camps , you say that 's `` unfair '' to call them `` german '' and i say it 's really unfair to call them `` polish '' or `` jewish '' . 
  got it ? 
  bullshit , everybody was hit by the crisis and it would continue if not his reforms . 
  there was no hidden anti jewish conspiracy behind it and besides of some stupid comments made by some of these politicians , there were no anti jewish policies . 
  i 'm asking for serious policies , not some opinions or comments which had no effect on jewish population . 
  you mean anti nazi posters ? 
  i 'm over it , that 's not my point , all i say is that this term got common . 
  aha , but the camps were `` polish '' . 
  just stfu idiot . 
  ... and what else are we talking about ? 
  would you like sweden to be called a nazi collaborator ? 
  and who call you nazis ? 
  are n't you confusing some jokes or trolls with serious politicians and massmedia outlets ? 
  should i ignore millions of their readers ? 
  since some of these papaers are the major ones , with millions of readers ... nobody attributes them to present germany . 
  these graphics were made by some amateurs and i agree that the one with contemporary german flag is wrong . 
  probably , but why then the same papers used it again , even after they were forced to apologise the previous times ? 
  i guess they need to learn the hard way , in the courts . 
  apparently it 's enough common to include it in a presidential speech . 
  i 've asked for a source . 
   anti-german atmosphere after a century of colonisation and abuse of local polish population , which was treated as second class people by the german regime , it 's not suprising . 
  still , an `` atmosphere '' is not an official state policy , which was never directed against germans or the other minorities . 
  i guess you 're talking about emmigration , not a displacement . 
   there was no german-polish community any longer of course there was , there was even a german party in parliament . 
  so i say it again , there was no poland when the camps were constructed and operated . 
  their location was in germany or german occupied territories , but apparently to call them `` german camps '' seems to be `` unfair '' for germans . 
  ... obama for example , should i list all of the papers which called these camps `` polish '' ? 
  unfortunatelly some people do and this is why many poles feels offended . 
  you moron , why should i care about how `` unfair '' it 's for the germans if nobody cares about how unfair it is for their victims ? 
  and why not `` german death camps '' ? 
  it was organised by the german state , not a national socialist party . 
  no , i do n't even think he 's writing his own speeches , but this shows how far it goes when people assume this phrase is something commonly used . 
  how do you know that ? 
  some of those papers are considered `` respectful '' . 
  i saw such phrases in die welt or spiegel , sometimes in a context of `` polish antisemitism '' . 
  insane or uneducated , but there 're people like that anyway . 
  i 'm trying to be calm , but it 's annoying how germans tries to whitewash themselves and put the blame on their victims . 
  which prooves that calling these camps `` polish '' becouse of their location is just wrong . 
  so you say that the people who slander poland for the policies of german state are `` nationalists '' ? 
  wow , i pity the author . 
  in 1920 there was a global crisis , hyperinflation and terrible poverty , thanks to the reforms of grabski we could actually build a functional state after wwi , bolshevik war and most of all a century of partitions . 
  to connect it with some strange opinions of a one senator or to picture it as targetted against the jews , you just have to be either ignorant , or simply dumb . 
  same goes for the other things , empty accusations and not a single referrence to the official policies , documents or activity of public services . 
   unfortunate instances of them being called polish death camps your president did it once , when awarding the highest american distinction for jan karski ... 
  ca n't find original report of fm , just secondary articles , but anyway ... 
  in 2009 about 103 times there was used this phrase in foreign medias , 20 times in german , 16 in american and spanish , 8 times in austrian , 6 in canadian and italian , 5 in french . 
  source ? 
  i 've had these conversations many times , none of the nazi apologists was able to proove these accusations and war propaganda . 
  what a bullshit . 
  there were no policies against any minorities , only against soviet communists and ukrainian nationalists , as well as the polish ones . 
  bishop hlond was the first man who reported about what germans are doing in poland , also to the jews , his reports were broadcasted by vatican radio , which was of course forbidden in germany . 
  konzentrationslagers were located either on german annexed territory or general goverment . 
  now they 're on territory of poland , but not when they were constructed by the german state . 
  they were built by germany and used by germany on a german or german occupied teritory , in poland there were no death camps . 
  so is it fair to call them `` polish '' ? 
  why not `` jewsih '' instead ? 
  there was no poland then , it was either territory annexed by germany or general goverment . 
  no , not everyone knows that german state constructed these places and filled them with jews , poles , gypsies etc. 
   polish nationalist ffs is everyone who cares about his country and its reputation , a `` nationalist '' ? 
  national socialists were just a party , but this party won elections and run the state of germany . 
  every state is run by some goverment and nobody 's changing the name of a country after every elections . 
  the first victims of those camps were etchnic poles , to call these places `` polish '' is not just wrong , it 's horribly unfair . 
  note , these are some amateurish graphics , not any official campaign . 
  i think they should leave eurozone a long time ago and devaluate their currency . 
  not to leave eu . 
  i was just commenting your arrogant opinion about them not being important and not contributing . 
  there 's no relation beteen vat and health care , there 's another `` tax '' for that and in poland it 's 75 % of average wage , about 2.000 z\u0142oty ( 500 $ ) a month . 
  i know , but once you join some club , you 'd expect to be treated at least with some decency and respect . 
  the only people responsible for your problems are your `` politicians '' , but you 're not recovering also becouse eurozone do n't want to let you go . 
  the least responsible are the greek people and some just forgets about it . 
  well , eu members have different vats , also for different products . 
  i 've said 23 % , which is the highest one in poland since donald promised to rise everything for a 1 % , he said it will be just for a one year ... 
  anyway , as you can see , states in this union can also have their own fiscal policies . 
  eh litwa , greece is as much important member of the union as you , or germans , are . 
  ffs this is the union , not a reich . 
  ha ha ... now , pay 23 % instead of 8-9 % murican sales tax . 
  ha ha !, 
   the phalanges , allies to the israeli defence forces , were ordered by the idf to clear out sabra and shatila from plo fighters , as part of the idf maneuvering into west beirut . 
  this was the reason , not just the religion . 
  i do n't mean all of the muslims , but many of them just ca n't accept other cultures , also the native european culture of the countries which are nice enough to host and support them . 
  if they dislaike europe , why then they do n't move out to some islamic state ? 
  there they would n't face `` racism '' or `` stereotypes '' . 
  sure , and this is why they 're slaughtering christians in the middles east ? 
  do n't lecture me on `` racism '' since muslims are by far the most intolerant people around . 
  except that some ideas works and the other do n't , but personally i 'm a big fan of science and natural law . 
  the lefty idea of a `` social contract '' and social engeeniring goes against the nature . 
  the `` progress '' in this meaning is just an empty slogan , quite overused by the leftys . 
  i prefere julius verne than marx , his visions were actually confirmend in reality .
