  it does n't matter anyway , that 's not the point . 
  you 're just paranoid and biased if you sugessts the worst intentions to the ones you 're arguing with . 
  then please , if you disagree , point out the laws and treaties which makes us to host them . 
  so far there 's just a discussion to create such a law and these quotas . 
  the only responsibility italy has is the marine law which makes them rescue these barely floating rafts . 
  how would italy give them shengen visas if they do n't even have ids ? 
  i guess illegally ... 
  which comments ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  those prisons were secret , exteritorial and operated by cia . 
  stop being a retard . 
  like the western countries do n't do the dirty work for america when they go on wars in lybia or iraq ... 
  rather corrupted . 
  there 's no responsibility to host illegall migrants . 
  our gdp growth before accession was higher and it 's not going to change without few roads . 
  we did n't joined just for easy money and if the price is to be abused as secondary class members , then there 's no point to continue membership . 
  what you and the other arrogants are talking about is not the `` union '' , it 's just your dictate . 
  migrant quotas is a retarded idea and not any solution , especially if these illegall migrants will get back to the richer countries where they can freely abuse social privillages . 
   mentality another ... how can a country have `` mentality '' ? 
  there 're people responsible for these crimes ( it 's against unhr , as well as against our constitution ) , but i 'm quite sure you do n't even know their names and they 'll never be judged . 
  i just wanted to say the same thing . 
  there 's however no obligation to share the pitful consequences of these failed operation equally . 
  mind also that we 're not talking about quotas of illegall migrants for un or nato members . 
   that mentality so , in another words the countries `` completly '' dependent on the eu structural funds needs to shut the f. . . up and obey the orders . 
   insisting that european culture is somehow `` better '' so how am i insisting on that ? 
  it was n't me who started it , i was n't even trying to talk about culture , but since i was asked i 'm just answering . 
  i disagree , it 's the very point of this conversation to compare both , you 're actually doing the same . 
  so what 's spiritual about russian culture then ? 
  if you mean religion , it was always controlled by the central authority , like almost everything else , and served just political goals like expansion westwards and `` unfication '' of ru\u015b . 
  no offence , but it 's not the country know for its philosophers , that would be rather the ... technologically developed germany . 
  eh , it was just an example since someone started to play this game of comparations . 
  technology is a one thing , the other is that there was no need for printing and reading literature in muscovy since there was none of it . 
   the first time european influence has been brought to russia was the time of reign of tsar peter the great and that 's my point from the beginning . 
  besides , even if that society was always just serving the highest authority , it was not possible to force them to act like europeans and this is also a reason why it was necessary to employ and settle loads of germans in russia . 
  how am i downplaying moscow when i say about their `` way of developing '' in comparation to the european , just like you are ? 
  is it really offensive to say that was different ? 
  ru\u015b , not muscovy or russia and i know most of these works which are typical for medieval period , but none of them was created in moscow . 
  you misunderstood me , i do n't say that religious texts are unimportant , i just say that besides of them their literature was poor . 
  i 'm not , i just say that your worries are groundless and that 's what insecurity is . 
  do you feel offended by comparation to turkey ? 
  it had a big influence over the whole region , including poland and it was as well influenced by europe , it 's just a fact . 
  warsaw was completly destroyed in wwii , the soviet occupation which followed it , is the reason for construction of this `` landmark '' and many others . 
  the reconstructed old town is typical renaissance and something that you 'll not see in russia . 
  better visit krak\u00f3w or countless of the other smaller towns to see the difference between the european and the soviet cities , even lvov and the other places in westeern ukraine or belarus . 
  petersburg is the best example of my point , a city built in xviiic , in contemporary european neoclassicist style , a simbolic place for the time when muscovy opened itselve for the west . 
  you 're just paranoid , nobody talks about any `` superiority '' . 
  russia or muscovy is just different and it was only influenced by europe in some points of its history , the same as turkey . 
  today it does n't matter anyway since the current popular `` culture '' is global and mostly comes from america , but if we talk about the politics and history , it was like i 've said . 
  the influence of russia existed only in xix and parts of xxc , considering the occupied territories and it was mostly negative . 
  i know , there was also latin . 
  that 's just your primitive and paranoid oversimplification . 
  muscovy was just different and it did n't follow the evolution of european cultural , political and social changes until it started to copy and emulate it in xviii/xixc , mostly through the german influence . 
  printing press was just a one example to picture that the russian culture was developing in poland while it was still backwarded in muscovy . 
  you started to make comparations and i do n't even want to follow with gothic , renaissance or baroque , which were almost non existing in muscovy . 
  interesting , so baltic languages also used the nassal vowels ? 
  in slavic languages it was quite common , but all of them except polish abandoned that . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  that was more the european contribution to russia than the opposite way . 
  before xviii/xixc the russian literature was poor and almost entirely religious , even the first books in cirillic were printed in krak\u00f3w , many years before printing press arrived in moscow . 
  if you do n't know the amount of artworks created in poland since renaissance then it 's just your problem . 
  also , it was n't about the culture , but history . 
  czech script has alot of accented letters , we just have nassal vowels , if you can call these `` accented '' letters . 
  i thought that was for political reasons in xixc , also becouse poles were opposing the russian idea of `` panslavism '' which was supported by the czechs and spreaded in austria-hungary . 
  actually , when was the croatian script created ? 
  try nassal vowels like \u0119 and \u0105 if you want a challange . 
  you tried to switch us in xixc and failed . 
  this script also does n't fit our spelling and has no nassal vowels . 
   the guardian this is a `` journalist '' of gazeta wyborcza , the same lefty as guardian , but also shamelessly pro govermantal , unfortunatelly most popular rag in poland ... usually the `` polish '' subjects are covered there by krytyka polityczna , the left extremist , but at least some honest and independent ( even if sponsored ) organisation . 
   refugees most of them are n't refugees at all . 
  the polish migrants in eu are also looking for better life , which does n't mean they 're fleeding some persecutions or wars . 
  why do n't you take ukrainian , chchen or vietnamesse immigrants ? 
  why is that we have to `` share '' the immigrants ( illegall actually ) between eu members suddently ? 
   kicked out in 1968 by the ones which are being praised and excused by such `` journalists '' in this pathetic newspaper . 
  in opposite to them , i do n't consider the communist controlled puppet state as `` modern poland '' . 
  in 1991 ukraine was richer than poland . 
  bohemia was the most industrialised and literate part of austria-hungary , czechoslovakia was also the richest part of comecon . 
   warshau speak english . 
  ... warszawa is a city that never welcomed the communists , nor the nazis , literally millions of people died here becouse of that . 
  war is not fun . 
  besides , this city has a higher gdp per capita than berlin or rome and quite probably higher than your hometown , whichever that is . 
   massive role on the continent 's history in xixc the role of a `` policeman '' of absolutist monarchs , in part of xxc the role of occupation force for half of europe and a threat for the rest of it . 
  turkey also used to be influential , but doest it really matter if you call it `` european '' or not ? 
   geographical nope . 
  russia , or muscovy to be exact , never developed feudalism , parliamentarism or another form of popular control of the goverment . 
  they followed rather the idea of `` samodzier\u017cawie '' , which means basicly absolutism and not very `` enlighted '' one , the ruler owned everything and everybody was just a servant . 
  this included the religion and culture which was mostly greek , orthodox and just like in protestantism , completly dependant on the central authority . 
  asia or europe , it does n't matter , it 's just different . 
  you 're messing everytinh up . 
  nationalism was a peoples movement in xixc , against the conservative monarchies . 
  like it or not , it 's a fact at least since literacy , education and poilitical awarness spreaded . 
  no idea what 's a `` humanistic multiculturalism and solidarity '' , but the people fought for their national states , often agaisnt the others trying to impose their identity on them , and they 're opposing another centralised policy proposed by the ruling `` elites '' , but not in a radical way , at least not yet ... 
  these politicians are risking the unity and peace between the european states which agreed to unite and cooperate with each other , the neighboring `` powers '' like russia are just taking adantage of that . 
  i see no benefits in it . 
  i never lived outside of poland , i was just travelling alot , but why do you live outside of europe ? 
  i love this place and i do n't want it to get destroyed by the left extremists and their foollish utopism , for the cosmopolites it 's just a point on a map , but for me it 's a home . 
  not just you , the very idea of creating an artificial identity and forcing people to follow it , is crazy . 
  there 's nothing `` civilised '' about revolutionary destruction of existing social order and usually the measn in which it was happening were extremly violent . 
  religion plays no significant role in european politics since ages , the reasons for the most destructive wars on the continent were completly different and often involved `` progressive '' ideologies . 
  the growth of these `` radical right '' parties is also a reaction to such politics of the ruling `` elites '' , besides of the immigration issue in western europe , which is as well a result of this naive `` multi kulti '' idea and example of failed assimilation to the `` european '' identity . 
  depends .
