  no offence , but it was n't exactly like that . 
  gov was formed from scratch , mostly with opposition to the previous one , president raczkiewicz was appointed sucessor of mo\u015bcicki . 
  everytying was legal continuation , but it was n't just the `` pre war gov '' . 
  you 're right , but the movement was reactive , slow and disorganised . 
  the whole plan was outdated because that was a rapid war of combined forces , not a trench war anymore and french tanks , even if stronger , were far less mobile and worked without cooperation with infantry . 
  armee de l'air was quite outdated and even raf resigned from supporting it just to save their machines when it was clear that luftwaffe has crushing advantage . 
   plenty of mountains unfortunatelly not . 
  only a bit of carpathians on far south . 
  the rest of the country is flat like a table . 
  that gov was at first in france , moved to angers from paris and then in london . 
  king george vi even welcomed president raczkiewicz on his arrival to london , see [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9wzp9iiwib0 ) . 
  can you see me ? 
  these are words and some are serious , some are n't . 
  brits had a bit different policy , but i can understand why france relied on defence of maginot line and was unwilling for offensive actions . 
  it was by far outdated and ineffective strategy . 
  also the line was not extended to the belgian border for diplomatic reasons and germans invaded through there ... again . 
  wwi was brutal also here , even if poland did n't participated because there was n't such a country then , more polish fought in the first than in the second war and both passed our territory taking a deadly toll of civillians . 
   puppet state no puppet state for untermensch . 
  gov of gen. sikorski and president raczkiewicz was a legal continuation of pre war authority passed by president moscicki . 
  small ? 
  polan stronk !, 
  i just made a joke about french because some murican mentioned bombing them . 
  i do n't want france to be bombed , do you ? 
  it was just a joke dude ... do you visit sometime polandball ? 
  i do n't mind some stupid jokes and mocking poland , i moved on far from that , but still can not into space . 
  if he loses , can i cut his hair ? 
  no , i 'm afraid they 're going to accept it and deal with russia like nothing happened , sooner or later . 
  regaining crimea is unrealistic and as for donbass , i have my doubts . 
  not without a fight , but you should invade germans 16 days after they 've attacked us instead of waiting half a year for them to execute an old schlieffen plan from wwi , again . 
  that was so f. . . ing dumb . 
  yeah , i wonder how would you deal with germany and russia at once . 
  ok , i have a different opinion . 
  busyness is not administration , he 's the same unexperienced as `` berry '' obama . 
  they did gave up in the same place , in the same train that germans signed capitulation in wwi . 
  which was obviously a simbolic humiliation . 
  ok , it was a dumb joke and i did not wanted to offend anybody , but for the other hand ... france was obliged to invade germany when we founght most of their army and they did nothing which was plain stupid . 
  i 'm convinced ... 
  seriously , i 've seen some of it and do n't get me wrong , i even like trump in a way . 
  he 's entrtaining and i guess honest , but this is not a material for a president , he has no experience in administration and most of all , he 's not serious . 
  he should stay in real estate and showbiz . 
  more like five weeks , except that was with soviet invasion also and without british help , but most of all there was no giving up . 
  i know what he 's reffering to , but he 's just wrong . 
  they just do n't want a war with russia . 
  eu and some nato countries are helping , not with lethal weapons and military assistance , but most of all not about crimea which ukraine just gaved up . 
  the us and french coalitions have a mandate of un in syria . 
  really ? 
  i forgot when we gave up , can you refresh my memory ? 
  show me , 
  how ? 
  they 're neutral , not a member of any alliance and nato does not allow countries with territorial issues , which is also why probably moscow does it . 
  it 's just too late to reverse it , but it should be a warning ( anothr one ) for which there has to finally serious reaction . 
  how dare you !, 
  american wrestling is a serious sport . 
  too late , they gave up already . 
  my bad , it looked like elections at first sight . 
  sure it is that , or just corruption , but i have to disagree on ukraine ... 
  it 's too late to fight for a territory of a neutral country , unless you wants to fight an open war . 
  russia , or any other country should be just seriously awared that it 's not worth to play around and invade countries in europe , even neutral . 
  what happened is a consequence of weakness and appeasment , at least partly . 
  all of the agressive and provocative moves of kremlin for the past decades were ignored and their complains were listened , but this time they went too far . 
  politics is a cynical game , they all know they ca n't do a thing about crimea , some wants just to ignore it and make money with kremlin oligarchy . 
  we all need gas and oil , but they need our money even more than that and it should be our strenght while it 's another wekness ... 
  good , good ... but still i prefere something less vulgar , with a [ british phlegm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sda505kpxo0 ) . 
  i miss rik mayall and adrian edmondson ... 
  it is and that 's also what i 've said , defend your borders or loose them . 
  yes it is and that 's not just a one aspect of this weakness , not the first one in relation to russia and if you want to do something then first of all we need to stop feeding them ... we need to stop sucking that pipe and look for alternatives . 
  sorry to be rude , but there 's no other way with moscow , they laught at weaklings and they hate the strong ones , guess which one is eu . 
  you do n't have to tell me that and i just hope that nato is serious about its obligations , but it has to develop some means to back it up because at now it 's a joke . 
  [ donald fights for election ] ( https://youtu.be/5nsrwh9i9ve?t=55s ) america wtf , seriously ? 
  in `` asymetric '' conflicts between the weak and the strong one . 
  lets get cynical !, 
  contracts signed with russia are worth as much as your power which prevents them from screwing you over . 
  your territory is legalised by your army ... 
  so who benefits from a treaty which is respected just by a one side ? 
  you know , medias reported also that they 've exercised with belarus a preemptive nuclear strike on warsaw and pacification of an `` uprising '' of polish minority , but hey ... this is less than 500km and who cares anyway . 
  no , you ca n't and they are n't asking , so why should we listen to their complains ? 
  that 's what i mean and stoltenberg should grow some balls instead of talking about a `` dialogue '' all the time because they just do n't care . 
  until recently there were no nato exercises on any scale , at least not around here . 
   novorossian region are you for real ? 
  the puppet donbass junta would not survive a day without support from their overlord . 
  got it , but why are these missiles there anyway , is n't it a violation of that agreement as well ? 
  i 'm quite sure that developements in this and the other russian policies are consequences of appeasing them . 
  where was the nato answer for `` zapad '' maneuvres and why actualy there were n't any drills since the cold war ? 
  so called `` reset '' was in 2009 and however russia declared to resign from its threats , iskander-m were deployed in 2013 . 
   cold war was n't there some agreement about reduction of this kind of weapons after the cold war ended ? 
  or was it just one sided deal which forbids unimportant countries like poland to have ballistic missiles ? 
  you 're welcomed in poland . 
  you both are n't wrong . 
  ukraine could defend itself or avoid invasion if it was n't neutral , but now it 's quite too late for that and it 's probably the reason for russia to make up these puppet separatis republics . 
  europe ca n't even secure its borders and stop illegal migrants , some countries would rather keep ignoring and appeasing russia just for some nice gas and oil contracts . 
  obama was cheered and awarded with nobel peace prize , then made his `` reset '' with moscow and scrapped the abm program , nobody even noticed that putin answered with deployment of ballistic missiles in kaliningrad . 
  not sure about denish armed forces , but during baltic naval drills `` baltops '' they brought some serious navy . 
  that 's just your strawman . 
  reality argues with these sites better than i would . 
  there was not a single `` pro life reform '' implemented , so how are they working `` actively '' to change this situation ? 
  how can you claim to believe in some idea if you do n't follow it ? 
  as for the `` pride '' , it was never gone anywhere and putin just exploits it by creating a hybrid of soviet with imperial russia and narrowing it down just to the show of power . 
  christianity obviously did not flourished and the church is , as it always was serving the secular power much like in protestant countries , it 's just a decoration . 
   lenin or stalin same as to other mentioned figures , they were hypocrites and opportunists just like putin is . 
  there was no feudalism in russia , it was always despotism known as `` samodzier\u017cawie '' which evolved into absolutism for a while when it was copied from europe .
