  in a different context . 
  i was clearly saying about foreign occupation . 
  no problem , some people said it before me , but anyway i guess there 're many myths and manipulations created about this gov , so do n't believe everything before checking that . 
   enforce it how do you imagine state enforcing people to breed ? 
  some officials raping women ? 
  that 's just ridiculous ... 
  that 's something else . 
  it 's not allowed to promote crimes in poland . 
  in independent polish state , yes . 
  does it really matter ? 
  a civilised state should n't allow terminating human lives , in past , present or future . 
  just because a one human is `` unwanted '' by the other , has a miserable life or another problems , is not a reason to abort it ... 
  this kind of materialistic and egoist `` arguments '' for removing humans are probably the most disgusting i 've ever heard . 
  nope . 
   topic started by the bishops no , this is a civic project , bishops can say whatever they wants , as every person in a free country and they just made a comment which is in line with their doctrine , obviously . 
   undermines individual freedom aborting humans by the others is not their `` individual '' freedom . 
  quite the opposite way , aborting humans was allowed just under the german and soviet occupation . 
  how could they be if there was n't this project yet ? 
  it 's a civic project , there are n't even subscriptions gathered and there 're three months to get 100.000 of them ... as usually , instead of serious conversations we have fearmongering , propaganda from both sides and emotional pseudo arguments . 
  no , it 's not true and no idea who made up this story . 
  obviously politico `` forgot '' to mention that the origin of this expression is a conversation of sikorski , better know for `` blowjobs '' ... 
  still , it does n't excuse the current fm . 
  murzyn is not `` negro '' , the word comes from `` maur '' ( moor ) latin `` mauri '' . 
  do n't be surprised when it happends . 
  not to mention that according to the peace treaty of oliwa you 're obliged to give everything back . 
  no surprise , the first rulers of that `` new russia '' were girkin and borodai , the `` volunteers '' from moscow . 
  now they put some local puppets in charge , but it 's just for show obviously . 
  you know there 're people which can die without proper medication ? 
  so yeah , there 're more severe consequences than fertilisation if you do n't take a pill in five days after sex . 
  five days during which you can visit a doctor , get prescription and buy the pill . 
  the only question here is that if the pill is safe enough to risk its misuse by teens which are irresponsible enough to not use any other contraceptives . 
  this is not a question for me , but for the competent people and ministry of health is responsible for taking this or the other decission . 
  this pill is not aborting any human . 
  do you even know what kind of a pill is in question here ? 
  this pathetic article somehow ommited even its name ... everybody makes it to be an ideologic dispute and of course takes the `` correct '' side , but this is purely medical question which should be answered by competent people and ministry of health is responsible for that . 
  am i actually ** defending ** this control by prescription , or just explaining what 's that for ? 
  it 's so f. . . ing depressing to see such a fanatic and irrational reaction . 
  if that would n't be such a frequent misunderstanding amongst the `` enlighted '' progressives around here , i 'd even consider that a good joke . 
  i doubt that gynecologists works 24/7 in any kind of a city . 
  then call a cab . 
  imagine that there 're more important things than irresponsible teens having unprotected sex . 
  yes , they are . 
  you speak about these `` human rights '' like it 's your religion , but they were established by humans , updated and corrupted to serve ideology which , in opposite to science , refuse humanity and thus these `` rights '' to underdeveloped humans . 
  leftists believes that they can change the nature and social relations by thier revolutionary inventions introduced to legislation . 
  opposition to these changes ( conservatism ) lies also in nature and it will never be eradicated , no matter the propaganda , indoctrination or censorship . 
  sexual education should be a part of biology course and never should it be taught out of the context of life and reproduction . 
  contraception is not everything , it 's just an artificial method of avoiding fertilisation , or reproduction . 
  sadly , many pro `` choicers '' are not even aware what 's a living organism , or they excuse aborting humans by underdevelopement of them or phisical conditions , which is pure eugenics . 
  and i disagree with leftist ideas . 
  no , i do n't agree with my gov , at least in most of cases and this is , in opposite to what everybody tries to make it look like , not an ideologic , but medical issue and of course the title is misleading . 
  like i care if you call me `` reactionary '' or whatever , it really sounds so amusing to hear the good old slogans of the far left regime that was in here until recently ... 
  anyway i do n't care about these labels , slogans , religions , ideologies and such , the whole point is if this policy protects people , mostly young ones from misusing a drug , or is the drug so innocent that it can be sold without advice of doctors and prescription . 
  so what 's the difference ? 
  anyway it 's a pill which is sold in pharmacies and it has side effects , not to mention when it 's misused and yeah ... this is not the best way , which is the whole point behind it . 
  again , it 's all just your private opinion , not an objective measure . 
  and how aborting humans protects their individual rights ? 
  relationships between adult people should not be sanctioned by the sate , that 's my opinion and we spoke about it already , there was no state issued `` marriage '' before war and communist `` liberation '' in poland , there was n't also any punishment for homosexuality , in opposite to the rest of europe . 
  sex is just a part of biology and considering this whole thread i 'd say it 's lacking a lot and was replaced by primitive indoctrination . 
  do n't make me laught about freedom of expression ... 
   education when i see the `` arguments '' in favour of aborting humans , like constant confusing gametes with organisms , i think there 's indeed something wrong with education . 
  unfortunatelly the `` arguments '' of opposite side , in favour of legal protection of humans are the same ideologic , or just religious ... 
  ... it 's not a ban , the title is misleading and catholics or any other religious or ideologic groups can be represented in poilitics , as long as it 's a democratic country . 
   enlighten me instead of downvoting dude , every single topic which involves sex is like that . 
  if you do n't follow the herd then you 're getting downvoted . 
  just ignore it . 
  yeah , prescriptions for drugs are so passe . 
  ok , so the leftist ideas , not just yours . 
  no , i do n't know what `` social progress '' is except what i 've sdaid already , propagandist slogan . 
   authoritarian like ... wtf are you talking about ? 
  that 's also what i was googling for . 
  prevent misuse of a drug ... like every prescription ? 
  so what 's a `` social progress '' ? 
  how do you measure it ? 
  i guess only with amount of your ideas that are official state policies ... 
  obviously yes , independence does not determinate if `` accumulation of cells '' ( whatever that is ) is a living organism . 
  in this meaning it 's just an empty , political slogan , you ca n't just call any change a positive one ( def of progress ) just because it fits your ideology ... well , you can but it 's then what i 've said , a propagandist slogan and there 's nothing valid behind it . 
  you can measure things like economy , wealth , education etc. 
  and in all of these points poland is obviously * progressing * . 
  of course they should . 
  so what are you actually `` criticising '' ? 
  prescriptions for some selected medicines ? 
  when they have negative side effects ... not everybody 's a junkie , people and espeically young ones makes mistakes and they can abuse it and misuse . 
   contraception medication it 's not a medicine , unless you consider gametes and fertilisation as patology , which is absurd . 
  it 's just a method of preventing this or the other natural process . 
  the same can be said about many other pills or phisicial conditions , especially concerning genitals and sex . 
  i know , but it would be much safer to use contraceptive pills , or at least condoms and again ... the same argument can be used against every prescription , especially when someone 's life is at stake . 
  it was , as usually in this kind of cases , the `` progress '' or `` womens rights '' and most of all `` lets show these evil cathols a middle finger '' ... unfortunatelly very few doctors or pharmacists were asked by the medias . 
  yes , it 's a conspiracy against the teens ... 
  some doctors were reporting misuse of these pills , some warned about the consequences when it was debated , but it is indeed in a way political issue , the same as it was when the pill was introduced right before elections . 
  except that there 're more examples of such `` plots '' . 
  france is not very `` frankish '' , britain is not populated by celtic britons etc. . . 
  til seems my informations were outdated , thanks . 
  it 's a good point , which could be used to criticise the whole health care system and aviliability of every prescribed medicine . 
  maybe , or maybe they do n't care about it , or about serrious relationships , or about aborting humans . 
  hard to say what 's the reason , but it could be economic mostly . 
  so , are you concious when you 're sleeping ? 
  is a dog of your neghbours concious or not ? 
   what else ? 
  if it 's a living organism with human genome , then it 's a human . 
  yes , i 'm sure they can visit doctors without permission or knowledge of parents , but doctors ca n't prescribe any pills without their consent .
