  if you consider conservatives as a `` historical fluctuation '' then you must be just blind or like a typical leftist , arrogant and hypocrite , unable to recognise the voters and democratic elections when you do n't like the outcome . 
  nothing . 
  the first `` free '' elections were only in 25 % free ( 75 % seats were guaranteed for communists ) and that parliament elected gen. jaruzelski as a first president . 
  then they 've changed name of the party and until the last elections in 2015 they were in parliament . 
  many officials responsible for massacres , murders and tortures were judged , but only one was sentenced a while before he died . 
  now his wife revealed some documents that he was hiding at home , most probably prooving that wa\u0142\u0119sa was a secret cooperative of `` security service '' in 70s . 
  there could be more documents like that , probably used to blackmail and control many people . 
  i know what / u/timey16 told me and i was commenting that . 
  i was asking if you 're feeding them in these centers because i 've seen it few times , and also giving money , not instead of food . 
  if you 're asking about german collaborators , there were n't any polish in high positions and there was no polish ss , according to germans there was no poland and the people were `` sub humans '' . 
  they executed all of the judges , teachers , politicians and activists , even sportsmen . 
  the pre war german minority or people considered german could subscribe so called `` volkslist '' and join the army or administration . 
  some degenerated people were selling out the jews and those who helped them , some `` artists '' participated in german propaganda and few were serving in the camps . 
  all of them were executed either by the home army during war , or by the soviets after . 
  so feed them . 
  ok , not camps , but `` refugee '' centers or whatever you call that , the question is are you feeding them or just giving money ? 
  i do n't understand what do you mean . 
  many wwii criminals were judged and sentenced , some executed , but it 's true that not all of them . 
  still we can see from time to time trials , even after so many years . 
  the problem i see is that communists and collaborators kept some of their power , many just adapted and used it to make money in the new economic situation , some took over mass media and continued to spread propaganda of that regime . 
  the courts , secret services and army stayed almost untouched for a long time . 
  why do you even give them any money ? 
  food and clothes could be organised even by ngos and i thought that they 're getting these in the camps . 
  i would n't be so optimistic , many of these immigrants will have a hard time to assimilate , at least to learn the language and get a job and i suppose that your gov will provide houses . 
  if you say that they 'll `` end asylum '' , than what kind of legal reason would they have to stay in germany ? 
  pis is quite socialist . 
  depends who do you ask , but i 've never heard a politician which wanted to ban islam or close the borders for muslims , i 've heard however that the `` refugees '' forced on us by quotas should be christian . 
  it should be clear that is and other radical islamists have religious agenda and executes genocide on christians , we ca n't just ignore it because someone thinks that everything 's `` equal '' . 
  this is common sense , not `` far right '' . 
  you need to have id in poland all the time . 
  what does it mean `` openly '' ? 
  come on ... 
  thanks . 
  it does n't say anything about publishing , but gathering data , which is also unnecessary . 
  or did i lost something in translation ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'd like to see some source for that because it sounds just unbeliveable . 
  so you do n't know ? 
  id cards do n't sound strange to me . 
  yes , i think that was not any real regime change , but more adaptation to the changing reality and sharing power with opposition , or at least the selected and `` moderate '' part of it . 
  still i think that someone resposible should answer for massacres of protesting people , torures and assasinations of secret police , not to mention corruption and stealing . 
  criminals deserve no freedom , their victimas deserve protection . 
  you know there 're still polish schools there ? 
  somehow i do n't find your opinion beliveable especially if i 've heard some of these people . 
  that 's not what i mean , these guys never really ruled and were n't judged either . 
  in a way also francoist spain is example of unpunished regime , but at least in common `` knowledge '' it 's clear that they were the `` bad guys '' . 
  also i think that was spanish idea to imprison and judge pinochet and really i ca n't imagine a single far left official treated the same way . 
  you mean they wanted to make them wear some armbands with signs or tatoo registration numbers ? 
  i ca n't judge what to think about it if i do n't know any details . 
  wait , labelling or controlling and registrating ? 
  i know that germany and all of the european `` elites '' complained that hungary or czech rep. tried to do it , which is actually their obligation as members of schengen area . 
  what `` thing '' exactly ? 
  sorry , i 'm not following internal german politics and i thougt they 're not in parliament . 
  sorry , i was learning german in high school , but i do n't know it well enough to know what or who you 're talking about . 
  there were many people spreading bizzare theories and many of them are considerted great scientists now while their mistakes are forgotten , you 'd call carl von linne ( corolus linnaeus ) a `` racist '' when he clasiffied nations , but we know him for classification of species . 
  i thought they 're another protestand church and i 'm religiously tolerant , in oposite to the modern `` atheists '' . 
   list them openly that 's sick . 
  are you sure that they proposed it and the labelling of `` refugees '' or is it some another urban legend used for political fight ? 
  there 're some german mep in ecr , but i do n't think that afd got any seats in recent elections . 
  i 've heard that some guys from npd joined that party . 
  so what 's right wing of allegedly `` far right '' afd ? 
  using women as a nicer face of party became really fashionable in poland recently and i mean almost every party , i can only imagine that 's afd has the same strategy trying to fit into the `` progressive '' gender roles promoted by leftist internationale . 
  oh noes , not the evangelican wing ... 
  i would understand the reason behind this idea ( do n't know what 's `` nationalistic '' in it ) since it would prevent these `` refugees '' from abusing these money and spending for alcohol and cigarettes . 
  recently some of them were crossing border just because we have lower prices , but still none of them wants to stay ... ca n't realy judge without details , but sure there 're still many emotions and political issues involved in judgement of that time . 
  germans are a bit `` paralysed '' and ashamed of themselves , while russians still display victory parades and use this wwii propaganda like in case of ukraine . 
  really ? 
  that sounds crazy . 
  also , how can you teach `` patriotism '' ? 
  somehow i doubt that there could be a lesson dedicated just for that . 
  ok , as for `` public '' medias i ca n't judge because in poland they were always state owned and controlled when at not the leftist hypocrites whine that something terrible happened when just the ruling party changed . 
  no idea how it is germany . 
  thay 's all up to the parents , at least that 's my opinion . 
  now that sounds like another paranoid and politically driven general insult . 
  ca n't really judge and comment it . 
  there 're specyfic accents in different regions , but i can understand everything even from medieval texts because polish was never reformed by any government and develops in natural way . 
  sorry , but i ca n't take some facebook accounts seriously , there 's too much , too unimportant shit on the net . 
  we both know there 's a polish party in lithuania and they demonstrated few times , in a cynical way , support for russia , but that 's because your gov treats them equally bad while poles are a real minority , not any colonists or immigrants . 
  also our gov is ignoring these issues and sacrifices interests of polish minority just to keep good relations with lithuania , so unless we have this kind of governments , you have nothing to be worried about . 
  hehehe `` st\u00f3\u0142 '' is table in polish , but `` sto\u0142ek '' is a little chair . 
  feminine would be `` czarna '' and `` czerwona '' in polish , is it the opposite way in slovene , or what confused you as a kid ? 
  you mean that `` zachod '' is a toilet , or like in polish `` zach\u00f3d '' is west ? 
  thanks , i could undertstand most of that , both the guy and the girl . 
  there 's that famous saying of bismarck about `` professors '' . 
  i remember how prof. legutko ( bremen uni , mep of ecr ) was writing about afd few years ago and i thought that 's some serious party and a real `` alternative '' , but then i 've heard about some guys from npd joining and you can imagine that 's nothing positive from my point of view . 
  that would be `` martwi '' ( plural ) in polish . 
  well , this sounds quite similar to english . 
  i guess you have to have some false friends with croats , serbs or just every other slavic language , they 're really similar ( as you can see ) . 
  if you want to know , in polish `` fucking '' would be `` jeba\u0107 '' and i know for sure that it 's quite similar in several other languages . 
  true , i 'm sure that there 're many more of such areas ommited in this template that op used and many more are using . 
  afaik anarchists are neither left , nor right and there 're several different ways in it , but in my opinion it 's just untopic and unrealistic ideology . 
  anyways , with few and short living exceptions they were n't able to implement their ideas ( which prooves the utopic part in a way ) and because of that there 's not much to criticise . 
  i can only guess so because i have no idea about thjis guy and very little about american politics in general . 
  it could be just the same labelling as `` far right '' or another `` hitler '' is used . 
  ok , i can understand ` progress ' in science and discoveries , it 's easy to measure and always positive , but in politics , ideologic or social issues ... that 's debatable and depends on pov . 
  wait , do they want to force unemplyed to do the social works for benefits , or just for nothing ? 
  it sounds very suspicious and unclear , but i hardly doubt that naybody would `` force '' someone to work because that 's just slavery . 
  i do n't know if i want to discuss it here , recently i was banned for a week ( for the first time ) from / r/europe for making ironic jokes like `` abort yourself '' which was considered as a `` personal attack '' . 
  i was studying biotechnology and i 'm an atheist , my whole opposition to aborting people comes from humanist or empathic pov , which i 'm considering as natural for social creatures like humans . 
  the point you 're making can be used to defend any kind of a crime because countries have different legal codes and people still commit crimes , despite punishment .
