  cut this crap and stop pretending that you do n't understand why the sanctions were imposed in the first place . 
  or if you 're not bright enough to connect actions with consequences then stop bothering me with your bullshit . 
  loss of what ? 
   smoking europe in the middle east what ? 
  you makes no sense and i can only repeat , if europe keeps appeasing russia then it will never back out and always exploit weaknes . 
  i do n't care about putin popularity . 
  we have time and there 's no reason to hurry with renegotiating sanctions and absolutelly no reason to do it . 
  not the whole europe . 
  i remember very well reactions to the wars in chechnya here , influx of refugees , their organisations and media which were of course hated by moscow . 
  georgia also had our support , but just some time ago i 've learned about the other wars and that disgusting etchnic cleansing of abkhazia ... 
  the previous gov of donald comnpletely changed our foreign politics , abandoned these people , appeased russia and tried to improve relations for what they just spit in our face . 
  suddently they woke up when ukraine was invaded . 
  the whole internationale of `` liberals '' is a bunch of rotten and corrupted hypocrites existing in politics thanks to equally dirty internationale of leftist media . 
  yeah right . 
  georgia was sacrificed just to appease russia and continue business as usuall . 
  you forgot the part in which russian `` peacekeepers '' together with local armed and supplied rebels were attacking and harrasing georgian territory for weeks if not years before . 
  oh and of course what about abkhazia , was there any georgian force attacking ot counter attacking ? 
  i know very well how russia suddently became anti georgian the next day their soviet puppet shivardnadze was kicked out of the office . 
  i never compared it to crimea , but i 'd compare it to transnistria or donbas , with this exception that separastism there was created from scratch , it never existed while both south osetia and abkhazia are old stories . 
  it was , but nevermind that . 
  the events which led to a conflct goes far deeper to the soviet times , or even before and that was not the only intervention in post soviet gerogia . 
  i 'm criticzing it for doing nothing else . 
  oh really ? 
  then how 's that there 're these sanctions and russians whine about it ? 
  there 's nothing important , not to mention that sanctions are n't about any tourism . 
  again , how 's that related ? 
  have you ever heard about nato and warsaw pact ? 
  i guess you also have n't heard about how army was shooting to the protesting people in soviet `` liberated '' countries ... 
  the presence of america is good for europe , it holds the russians at bay and that 's why they whine . 
  just because you 're free to protest whatever it does n't mean that 's wise . 
  oh , so now you 'll be resorting to etchnic profiling and insults to defend russia ... wtf are you talking about , how does the alleged `` paranoya '' explain reaction to the russian invasion ? 
  do n't worry about us , if moscow failed at brainwashing us then euro leftys have no chances . 
  our neigbour is not interested in mutually benefitial , positive relarions and we 're tierd of trying but most of all ukraine is also our neighbour and its security and stabilisation is also our interest . 
  no problem , but you gave me no data anyway , only opinions . 
  key to what ? 
  what would be the purpose and reason to lift the sanctions if russia shows no signals of improvement , compromise or anything positive ? 
  i see only more arrogant threats , insults and muscle flexing . 
  no , gov owned media do n't bother me , i just do n't take them seriously . 
  neither of these is any solid data , these are just estimations and opinions . 
  your theory of american conspiracy against europe is irrelevant , relations with russia and reaction to its politics is most of all concern of our security and russia should know that its economy is dependant mostly on our money . 
  in the way he was treated up until invasion of ukraine , eu even wrote a report in which it was excusing their invasion of georgia . 
  every provocation , embargo and abuse of gazprom monopoly was ignored , in 2006 poland had to threaten a veto on wto negotiations to force lifting of meat embargo becuase not a single eu institution showed any interest . 
  the list goes on forever , it was n't just in the news . 
   the united states can ; t stand a strong european economy funny theory but how is that economy any weaker because of sanctions on russia and its food embargo ? 
  you 're seriously overestimating importance of russian market . 
  also , everybody 's a hypocrite , it 's politics . 
   lost huge swathes of trade did they really ? 
  spain has actually little trade relations with russia , no idea why you put it in this basket and i 've heard nothing about their opposition to the sanctions . 
  russia was ignored and appeased for too long , they went too far with invasion of ukraine and annexation of crimea and eu has to react in this or the other way finally . 
  i do n't suppose that sanctions will be staying forever , but they just ca n't be lifted without any concessions from russia because just then they 'd loose any meaning , eu would loose its face , prove weakness and only russia will gain anything . 
  there 're basicly two parties and two models of governing , two models of international `` politics '' ( both irrational and based on superiority / inferiority complex ) and just a one direction of strategic alliances . 
  neither party can even clearly define the interest of country . 
  it 's quite early to talk about effects , especially internationally and as for domestic issues ... opposition is probably even more suicidal , it 's also weak , divided and dependant on foreigners . 
  does n't matter anyway , the interest of these two parties is something else than interest of poland . 
   putin is a solid leader who does his job well much to his competitors dismay how did the invasion of ukraine helped russia ? 
  look at its economy before you complain about eu and usa . 
  putin created nothing new or special , during his reign russia just became internally more stable and internationally regained just a bit of its former influence in some areas to loose it in the others but what he did with ukraine and what you 're ignoring was just a disaster . 
  most of all he created his own image with a network of corrupted lackeys and controlled mass media but russia is still a poor country with resource based economy , aging military and declining international influence in the other , even poorer post soviet states . 
  of course the european leaders are full of shit hypocrites but this is another league , comparing france to russia is just wrong on many levels . 
  you seems to be confusing me with that `` total '' opposition and defenders of `` democracy '' ... what 's the purpose , other than propagandist , of sending some angry letters to eu with `` nazi '' accusations or declaring `` sovereignty '' by parliament voting ? 
  what for fm is commenting the domestic issues and in such an embarassing way ? 
  they 're clumsy and just laughtable , they give all the reasons to laught at them and makes the work of their opponents just too easy . 
  yeah , if this kind of attitude is something more than just domestic propaganda then we 're doomed to isolation . 
  diplomacy , international organisations and agreements existed long before eu . 
  which is very unlikely . 
  besides , russia has many more of missiles than we would ever have anti missiles . 
  if they would be really afraid of balance then they could develop their own anti missiles , or adapt sams which they have plenty . 
  they can not stop mirvs and russians know it very well . 
  the shield is directed against weapons , wherever they comes from , not at the countries or any other objects . 
  the over dramatic and sensationalist coverage is a minor issue , the problem is not that the leftist medias criticise the current gov , but that they were ignoring or even excusing the previous gov. 
  that 's not important and people do n't really follow medias like they used to , the real problem is rather that the current gov has no real connections and allies amongst the foreign politicians and it has a real talent to make enemies . 
  why then [ everybody ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-ballistic_missile#russian_federation ) develops it ? 
  reduce in numbers to 100 anti missiles in two complexes . 
  treaty was signed in 70s between then the only two nuclear powers . 
  that was almost 50 years ago and many things changed but the capabilities of abm did not , rather the offensive missiles were developed and especially by russia which introduced another mirvs topol-m just few years ago . 
  putin was also offering cooperation , to use their radar in azerbaijan so i 'd say that not the abm is problem here , but radar , its location and most of all that rusians has no cotrol over it . 
  per capita , but as a state it has enough of resources to spend 6 times more on military than poland which is the only country around with serious army . 
  their gestures are empty and they 're getting old , did you noticed any serious attention in our medias ? 
  i did n't . 
  they agreed to reduce them , the same as actual missiles to keep some balance and equal numbers , which is impossible anyway also because these two are not the only nuclear powers . 
  that was a different political sutuation , technology and when you understand the idea of mirv then you have to realeise that abm is ineffective and never will be against that . 
  depends who , but most of them all are incompetent and the only reason they 're in the officies is the position in party , the whole administration is organised like that since ages and that 's just ineffective . 
  listen to the fm and tell me that 's not a comedian , in general they 're all lacking diplomatic skills , maybe except for gowin and morawiecki who knows when to talk and when to shut up . 
  it 's useful exactly as a deterrent , but we need an alliance with nuclear powers for the same reason . 
  every weapon today has its purpose , defensive weapons just neutralise the offensive ones . 
  i agree it 's really not important , the point is that abm is useless against russian missiles and does not really alter the balance of power , if it ever existed . 
  that 's not a valid comparation and this `` shield '' works against weapons , not countries in general , a radar detects missile when it 's launched and just then anti rocket intercepts it in the air . 
  you ca n't really damage anything else with it except for the mentioned and actually offensive missile . 
  i get the idea , but still it 's defence . 
  actually this applies to each and every weapon , for example neutralisation of air force with anti aircraft rockets enables your aircrafts to operate freely but can you call aa weapons `` offensive '' ? 
  anyway abm is completely ineffective against russian missiles . 
  eastern europe is not a one united state , it 's also poor and most of countries here are totally defenceless , not to mention the nuclear deterrent . 
  missile shield is actually ineffective against mirvs and the reasons that moscow is complaining are different . 
  well , russians themselfs says that , but the point here is that `` shield '' is not an offensive weapon so it 's just nonsense to say that it can be directed at some country . 
  i 'm sure that russians have missiles pointed at different targets , the same as nato has , as it always was . 
  still it 's quite effective . 
   shield directed at seriously ? 
  got it , but still comparing eu to ussr for example does n't sound good . 
  there 's clearly visable pre partitions border of poland in germany . 
  oh , and upper silesia .
