  you mentioned the `` gas chambers '' for obvious reason . 
  this kind of fake martyrology is not just ridiculous but also disrespectful to these who were really discriminated and abused . 
   giving benefits based on gender , skin color , religion or sexual preference is the definition of discrimination . 
  and this is what the leftys wants to do . 
  personally i do n't think that the state should organise marriages or any other kind of relationships between the adult people . 
  as i 've said , only the minors , handicaped and really weak , disatvantaged and dependent people should be `` positively discriminated '' . 
  do n't use holocaust as an argument ... 
  i 'm not used to insult or bash the people , you should n't feel offended just becouse i think you 're making a drama . 
  so i tell you once again , it 's nor about equal rights for everybody , but extending privillages on just another group of people , not everybody . 
  beating is a criminal offence , punishable by the penal code and it applies to everybody , not just one or another group of people . 
  this ridiculous oxymorone of `` positive discrimination '' is not my invention , i 've heard that from the lefty activists . 
  it 's not about treating people like the others , but about giving special `` rights '' to selected minorities in order to compensate their , supposed to be , disatvantageg position . 
  yes , the progressives complain about conservatives , but it was n't just that which was the beginning of our conversation . 
  it was a one overdramatic and quite paranoid comment . 
  it 's not `` equality '' unless everybody is granted such privillages , but then it 's not a privillage anymore . 
  the people who are n't hetero , homosexual and do n't live in relationships of two people are not included here . 
  they 're denied tax free inheritance , sensitive informations about their mates , friends or partners and of course marriage or child adoption . 
  these are not the civic rights . 
  the women and homosexuals can be also workers , parents , they attend the schools and they are covered by the public health care . 
  these are the real issues which applies to the whole society , these are the serious social groups i was talking about . 
  a hundret years ago these mentioned people were disadvantaged , later they were granted equal civic righs and today the far left tends to promote these and the other , selected minorities . 
  it 's called `` positive discrimination '' in the left propaganda . 
   neo-nazi supporter kukiz do n't make me laught , lots of my friends and mates voted for him just becouse he 's outsider , unrelated to the mainstream parties . 
  i told you , the people support pis recently , but they also support po and both of these parties referres to conservatism . 
  the second one is just cynical and use some of the lefty ideas to get the massmedia support and gather more voters , unsucessfully . 
  most probalby the `` progressive '' left will not be in the next parliment . 
   oppresed groups how are they `` opressed '' ? 
  really , the people have serious problems considering their wages , work conditions and such , we have problems with demography and emmigration , not with `` opressed '' primadonnas . 
  most of these who dislike duda are the supportes of po , the left radicals obsessed with anti religious paranoya are just loud , oversrepresented in the massmedias , but not in opinion polls and soon not even in parliament . 
  what things ? 
   giving benefits based on i 'm glad that we agree , selected groups of people should n't be given benefits just becouse of their nature . 
  if anybody should be helped , these are handicaped people and minors . 
  do n't be a drama queen . 
  that 's not any discrimination . 
  like i 've said in another comment , that 's about extending privillages on another group of people . 
  following this `` logic '' , everybody who 's not heteo , nor homosexual and is not living in a relation between two people , is `` discriminated '' . 
  benefits are not rights . 
  it is , as every statistic , opinion poll or elections showed since at least ten years . 
  the difference is that the leftys are not interested in anything beyond the minorities while the others are appealing to the serious social groups or just to the whole society , without divisions . 
  it is a privillage given to the heterosexuals . 
  extending that on another group of people is not any `` equality '' since the other people ca n't enjoy such a privillage . 
  the civic rights in poland are not denied to anybody . 
  majority of young people voted for duda or kukiz . 
  it 's just your wishful thinking , or you 're still stuck with some oldf stereotypes . 
  what about the rights of the people to live and not to be `` aborted '' ? 
  i 'm not expecting the left radicals to trust and support conservatives , that would be naive , what really matters is what the majority of people thinks , not the extremes . 
  considering that , you 're wrong again and not just becouse pis is leading the opinion polls recently , but also becouse po tries to pose as a conservative party , or porogressive ... depending on what serves them . 
  the reason for that are the people , most of which are not interested in the `` progress '' , in opposite to the influential `` elites '' and european internationale . 
  first of all , people elected duda and secondly , as i 've said , his opinions are quite clear and in a line with the party that he joined before . 
  it 's just natural that you 're choosing your friends in accordiance to your own mindset . 
  duda will not be a president of progressives , that 's for sure . 
  source for an idea to discriminate homosexuals . 
  source ? 
  somehow i do n't belive you , sorry . 
  yeah ... why to discuss anything , it 's always better to force something in a hurry and to say that the opponents are `` idiots '' . 
  what kind of minority rights should i be concerned about ? 
  theese things are as much related as this paranoid , negative propaganda serves the ruling class . 
  becouse these are privillages . 
  there are no homo or heterosexual rights , just civic . 
  it concerns a narrow margin of selected people , but there are wider , common problems which are ignored by the left side . 
  i 'm afraid people are not that `` progressive '' as you and the rulers may hope for , their recent shitf to the left was welcomed just by the `` elites '' and massmedias , not by the people . 
  as for ifv i think it should be done in a civilised way with respect to everybody , not to be enforced in a rush to gain some votes . 
  all of the bioetchic discussions are usually embarassing and revolves around religious or `` progressive '' beliefs , unfortunatelly . 
  i see no reason why human organisms have to be mistreated when we can freeze the gametes . 
  every kind of opposition to the `` progress '' is quite demonised and this is evident also in here . 
  duda makes no illusions , he joined that party for a reason and he 's not ashamed of these ideas . 
  if that 's a bad thing or not , depends on your personal opinions . 
   neo-nazis from `` mlodziez wszechpolska '' demons ... kukiz finally refused to support that `` anti liberal '' march becouse a one representative of polonia from south america who 's accuseed of antisemitism . 
  i 'm not a fan , but for the other reasons , i just said why people voted for him . 
  mind that komorowski was also pretending to be conservative so , like someone cried here , people voted for that option represented by both candidates . 
  lets put it this way , conservatives in poland were labelled as `` russophobes '' by the ruling `` elites '' and massmedias just until the crisis in ukraine broke out and suddently russia happend to be not a nice country anymore . 
  unless it comes with the red army again . 
  oh , so just my words are `` ovestatement '' here ? 
  sorry , but i will not miss the ruling coalition and they 're the ones especially concerned about the `` rough '' times . 
  of course he 's against the gay `` rights '' and ivf , so what ? 
  you really thinks that the common people are so interested in the subjects pushed by the massmedias ? 
  the ruling `` elite '' completly lost the touch with reality . 
  especially komorowski belived that his re-election is just a formality and just becouse he heard about it in the news . 
  kukiz is just a voice of a protest against the establishement , but the way that he and the others are demonised , is just another example of this paranoya . 
  chill the f. . . out , nothing dramatic is going to happend . 
  hard to say what they 've promised exactly since that 's just an idea and there 's no exact project of a bill yet . 
  becouse there 's no such idea . 
  this tax was only under the lefty regime , until 1975 . 
  yes and moreover , i was young and naive enough to belive in such horror stories . 
  i 'm glad you deleated the comment about a tax for unmarried people ... that would be a good example of this paranoya . 
  i guess it works the way that legislators wants . 
  as for the vat , donald rised it and promised to lower a year after , it was something like 6 years ago . 
  sure it should be lowered , but unfortunatelly nobody talks about it , not even opposition . 
  it 's just lefty propaganda , nothing to worry about . 
  no , this is [ dudek ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/dudek ) . 
  you do n't know what are you talking about . 
  are you talking about piotr or andrzej duda ? 
  or wa\u0142\u0119sa ? 
   when po breaks a promise it 's like the gates of hell were opened source ? 
  apparently duda broke his promises before he took the office , at least according to the leftys . 
  ridiculous paranoya . 
  others worked nowhere or left their jobs even earlier . 
  i see . 
  still , it 's something positive and i guess it will depend on the exact bill that will be prepared . 
  retirment system , maybe .
