  belarus is oficially allied and united with russia . 
  the people , from what i know , suffers for some soviet nostalgia and they criticise russia for not being ... communist enough . 
  i 've met also some who were opposing the current regime in 2006 and were kicked out of their universities . 
  anyway , the common people will belive everything they see on tv and i mean not just belarus ... 
  roosevelt was an idiot , or it was just becouse of the soviet agents around him . 
  that asshole , when he heard about the holocaust in poland from jan karski , he asked about the situation oif the ... horses . 
  you may like roosevelt in usa for his domestic policies , but he 's not popular around here . 
  wilson is . 
  troling fuck , do n't pay attention . 
  shame indeed , but you ca n't put everything into the history education , especially if the current ( still ) gov reduced the number of classes . 
   they never got a chance i just wonder how would it be if novgorod republic could take over muscovy . 
  it was a great mistake to not help them especially if we had an alliance . 
  wait , so why are you mentioning the death penalty for the common murderers ? 
  you could as well put usa into it since some of the states executes murderers ... 
  i do n't want to whine , but in poland thoudsands of people were executed for `` spying '' , shot when they were protresting , tortured and killed by the secret police . 
  all of that for political reasons , not criminal . 
  so , was it the same in romania ? 
  nothing i 've heard of , but if you have some example , i 'd like to see it . 
  there was recently just some training of the lithuanian army in case of a hybrid war , russia was n't mentioned even if that 's clearly a reaction to the actions taking place in ukraine . 
  the `` zapad '' manouavres which i was talking about were some years ago and you did n't even bothered to make the fake names . 
   executed they have a death penalty , i doubt these people were executed for political reasons or at least i never heard about it and i guess that would be quite a subject for the medias . 
   he is a shitty businessmen he is n't any businessman , but a former director of a collective farm . 
  the problem is not the man , but the system . 
  true , but pms are controlled by the parliaments . 
  the presidents , at least those with real power , are not appointed by the parliaments and that 's why they usually are allowed to serve two terms in a row , even in russia . 
  the belarussian model is more similar to central asia , where presidents are also communists . 
   tried to stage a democratic coup d'etat how ? 
  by protesting on the streets ? 
  there was no danger of any `` coup '' . 
  i agree that most of the belarussian opposition is a joke , but that 's becouse lukashenko does everything to keep his monopoly and prevent people from organising against him . 
  belive me , there 're belarussians who do n't like him , i know some of them who came in 2006 to warsaw since they were kicked out from their universities and we allow belarussians , as well as ukrainians and russians to study in poland . 
  i 'd really love to see better relations between our countries , but it 's not possible when lukashenko is arresting representatives of polish minority or our journalists . 
  not to mention the provocative `` zapad '' manouavres with russia which scenario includes cracking the rebel of polish minority or nuclear strike on warsaw . 
   french and british ... and polish brigade . 
  also there was our destroyer orp `` grom '' , it was sunk ( [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruw3frcfwuy ) ) . 
  submarine [ orp `` orze\u0142 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orp_orze%c5%82_%281938%29#norwegian_campaign ) sunk a german transport ship which was going to bergen , a day before invasion . 
   hates china wat ? 
  asians in general are liked in poland . 
  there 's quite a bit of vietnamesse here and people usually do n't even distingush them from chinesse , that 's why their bars and restaurants are called `` chinesse '' . 
  just 31 % in poland is a shame , but ... it 's 2 % more in 2 years . 
  we 're working on that since some time and just [ look at that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xbb2tdriywc ) . 
  there was a controvecy about selling the state forests some time ago , according to some opinions and wikileaks goverment was considering that . 
  there were collected 2 millions subscriptions for a referend , but the gov ignored it , like every other civic initiative , just to propose some chapter today to prevent privatisation of the state forests . 
  radek has no faction there and that 's the problem , actually ewa the same or she 's just building it . 
  the reason she 's in `` charge '' is also that she was always an obedient soldier of donald , he left her with this mess and most probably after a year and a half he 's going to be back . 
  it will be like : `` hey , i did n't lost the elections , she did '' , 
  afaik germany is considered western europe , but it all depends . 
  it would be stupid to say that poland is more relevant than germoney . 
  i agree , but the same could be said about brussels , rome or madrid . 
  it 's just impossible to meet everybody and also mind that many of these meetings are multilateral , in un , erfurt or bucarest . 
  many are simbolic , like in tallin , london ( bob ) or ny ( milllenial summit ) , so he had to adjust his plans to that . 
  that 's your opinion and you 're free to vote as you prefere , or not to vote . 
  artificial image , it matters a bit , but how did they use this advantage is another thing and besides of personal career of donald , i ca n't see any other profits . 
  i 'm afraid that duda will have a hard task to convince the lefty massmedias and especially after the parliamentary elections i 'm expecting a shitstorm . 
  anyway , the plan of visits seems reasonable and even his opponents admits that . 
  well , you said it and i agree , both parties and their candidates are similar , both are or pretends to be also conservative . 
  the `` liberals '' also tries to pass some `` progressive '' ideas for obvious reasons , to get the lefty votes and to stand out of pis . 
  this move to the left side did n't help them and possibly even costed some points . 
  no idea if you really consider pis `` eurosceptic '' , but the real anti eu parties such as nationalists and `` korwinists '' are getting up to 2 % , most of their electorate is young , but still is just marginal . 
  vote as you wish , but i 'm afraid there 's not much of a leftist electorate and too many leftist parties . 
  about 60 % of young people ( 18-29 years old ) voted for duda in second round , in local elections of 2014 about 28 % voted for pis ( 22,5 % for po ) . 
  ca n't find exact data or opinion polls from the ep elections of 2014 , but in the `` youth elections '' about 27 % voted for knp , second was pis with 21 % . 
  anyway , since quite a long time in every survey or elections , majority of young people is voting for pis . 
  the stereotype of a `` conservative '' being old , religious zealot and just some `` freak '' is made up for propaganda purposes . 
  recent elections prooved also that the `` liberals '' have no idea about youth , their problems , the ways of communication such as social medias and internet in general . 
   low standing among the younger voters i 'm afraid your informations are outdated . 
   attacks against mr. tusk oh , poor little mr donald ... which party and its supportes spent 8 years on attacks against opposition and the former president . 
  remind me , when duda `` attacked '' donald or anybody else actually ? 
  it looks like someone is a sore looser here, 
  i 've asked already what 's so `` hateful '' in this example of `` discrimination '' . 
  will i get an answer or should i assume that 's just another empty accusation ? 
  start quoting or stop bothering me . 
  so where are these proofs ? 
  so far you was unable to proove any of these ridiculous accusations . 
   rape and murder are bad as bad as to disagree with lefty newspeak ... 
  i guess it should be penalised as well . 
  i can only assume that you ca n't proove your accusations . 
  again , no answer , just more sarcasm and accusations , this time comparation of my opinions to rape and murder . 
  are you nuts ? 
   should n't everyone have the same right ? 
  absolutelly , but you 're contradicting yourselve when you say that not every can or that not everyone benefits from it , which is my point from the beginning . 
  it 's just not equality . 
  i see no reason why state should be sanctioning relationships between adult , healthy people . 
  i understand the point of homosexuals and their activists , i just disagree with them and i 'm against the whole institution of marriage , not just restrictions for a one or the other group of people . 
   one of many examples of discrimination which are the others ? 
  really disadvantaged people are ill , handicaped and minors , they should be aided and protected . 
  they 're not equal for natural reasons , not becouse of legal code . 
  how am i attacking anybody ? 
  i do n't care about the votes , especially of those who accuse me of `` hating '' people when i disagree with them . 
  ... so what 's `` hateful '' in my comments ? 
   why just two and why adults ? 
  and what 's so hateful in that example of `` discrimination '' ? 
  the funny thing is that you 're throwing accusations and ca n't provide anything to back them up . 
  you 're a fanatic becouse you ca n't tolerate another point of view . 
  even this ridiculously partanoid sarcasm sounds like another accusation . 
  try more sock puppets . 
  really . 
  really your trolling is getting predictable and boring . 
  i guess it 's too complicated for you to understand anything that does n't fit the lefty hive mind . 
   hate another groundless accusation .
