  there was of course a secret police , responsible for many brutal murders , tortures and harrasment . 
  there were also massacres of protesting workers and lots of other crimes commited by `` militia '' and military . 
  many officials were prosecuted , but just a one gen. kiszczak was sentenced the last year , a while before he died . 
  this man was responsible for secret police and militia , but he was also a minister in the first `` non communist '' gov. 
  communist party dissolved , or rather reformed , changed name and was in charge twice since 1991 , but there was another satellite party ( there were few under communism ) , which considers itselve as a farmers party . 
  they were junior partner in many coalitions and governments , the last time together with the party of donald tusk for the past eight years . 
  they 're probably the most corrupted party in poland . 
  lustration was finally introduced in 1997 , since then several times reformed and still it does n't work perfectly , it 's just no allowed to lie in declarations , but former agents and collaborators are still able to govern . 
  i 've had no idea about it . 
  anyway communism is internationalist and i would n't say that these people had national identity and served their nations instead of global ideology controlled by komintern and then directly by stalin and sucessors . 
  czechoslovakia always was quite a prosperous country , especially bohemia , it was the most industrialised and literate part of austria-hungary . 
  in 1991 poland was poorer than ukraine and could n't service its debt , it was bankrupt . 
  there were similar movements in romania , baltic states and in a way also in poland . 
  opposition here had several sources and many people were former communists , or just opportunists , removed from power in 1968 . 
  in 1989 they got agreement with the ruling party and in a way that was also a `` palace coup '' . 
  the first elections were only in 25 % free , except of senate which was completly free and the first president , then elected by the parlimant became gen. jaruzelski , longtime communist minister of `` defence '' and leader of military junta of 1981 . 
  does it look like a `` true revolution '' ? 
  that 's the whole point of international treaties and organisations , the competences are shared . 
  not sure about this particular point , but i think that different eu members still can have their own immigration and social policies . 
  and what if they are n't working ? 
  i was never living abroad , just travelling , but i know for sure there 're people claiming benefits and not working , i guess some are cheating , but there 're also legal ways . 
  same here and i guess everywhere behind the `` iron courtain '' , but still it was n't as total as it was in soviet union . 
  also , we grew a pretty huge opposition in the following decades so it could be at least partly reversed . 
  your country , do as you wish , i would n't grant benefits to everybody at your place , but to segregate migrants this way is just wrong in my opinion . 
   real far-right you mean the reactionary monarchists ? 
  ok , no denying that citizens of any other country anre n't uk citizens , but in this case it looks like cameron wants the eu citizens to be the second class migrants . 
  what about non eu migrants ? 
  i can understand that countries grants different benefits to citizens , residents and migrants , but giving them to migrants from outside of europe and denying to those from eu is just unfair . 
  yes , that was more systhematic but many of these people were hideing , there were n't tirals in these cases also but just orders and executions . 
  the effect was more or less the same , except that the scale was much wider and affected lower ranks officials and other groups of people . 
  this kind of actions happened several times in europe under brutal occupations and revolutions . 
  you 're forgetting the local governments , private companies and people that also can applie for these funds . 
  that 's not a part of budget and it 's not as easy as you picture it . 
  the `` local '' communists were puppets or simply agents of ussr with no popular support , at least that was the case in poland . 
  as for removing the political class soviets did it already in 1940 , germans in their annexed and occupied part together with all of the judges , prosecutors , academic teachers , artists , sportsmen and such ... 
  that explains nothing . 
  poland was definetly on the `` right '' side , but unfortunatelly it was n't `` right '' enough for the communists to not arrest and execute the leaders and soldiers of anti german resistance . 
  even those that tried to collaborate with communists and together liberated vilnius . 
  have you heard about [ intelligenzaktion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intelligenzaktion ) , [ ab-aktion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_ab-aktion_in_poland ) or [ palmiry massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palmiry_massacre ) ? 
  i 'm quite sure you 've heard about katy\u0144 massacre . 
  those actions and massacres were taking place in several places and times , but some of them were bigger and i 'm sure that similar examples could be found in case of different countries taken over by national socialists and communists . 
  i admit i 'm no expert on eu funds , but there 's nothing like `` straight up money '' , these are funds that you need to applie for with different projects and those applications have to be reviewed . 
  still i have no idea where do you take these figures from and what 's a `` budget '' in this case actually , the revenues in 2015 were 70.096 bln $ and nominal gdp was about 1 trillion $ ( 0.92 trillion $ ) . 
  that 's the total ** aviliable ** amount of money for the years 2014-20 . 
   eu funds 2015 are 10.6 bn in eur you 've said that and i 'm asking where did you get it from . 
  no , not even for whole poland , just the border regions and it 's the same way with ukraine , in both ways . 
  i think it 's pretty clear what `` previous '' means . 
  i was reading this article and still ca n't see the figures for eu funds that you 're talking about . 
  that was the reason for fast growth , but eu funds are not the main reason for keeping it up . 
  i do n't see anything about it in the provided link , you 're also comparing $ with $ . 
  we 're spending anyway , just a fraction because that 's how these funds are working , it 's helpful of course but also results in local governemnts taking big loans . 
  and it [ depends when ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/poland-gdp-growth-annual@2x.png?s=pogdyoy&amp;v=201601260912m&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ), 
  it 's quite recent , the previous gov ignored and even tried to `` normalise '' relations , with the opposite effect and the invasion on ukraine was quite shocking . 
  the people are not anti russian , more like anti communist if it goes for history and extremly critical of their gov , but there 're also many russians coming for vacations or studying and there 's also visa free movement with kaliningrad and lots of russians are shopping in the border regions . 
   polands military is good not good enough , many things are lacking and there 's a lot of investments going on . 
  currently the whole fleet of helicopters will be replaced and we basicly have no anti aircraft or anti rocket defence . 
  comparing to the rest of eastern eu it may look big , but that 's because the other countries have very little and even more outdated armies . 
   15 % of budget is eu funds do you know some source to back it up ? 
  the funds are spent mostly on infrastructure and enviroment by the local authorities , it 's not affecting the gdp growth directly , more important than the funds are freedom of trade , movement and work . 
  our economy was growing even faster before eu accession . 
  we bought leo2a5 and got some older leo2a4 which will be upgraded soon for quite a lot of money , so it 's still profitable for you . 
  there 're several versions of pt-91 and i think that pt-91m pendekar is a new construction built for exports to malaysia . 
  poland increased its spendings a lot and besides of annual budget there 're bilions $ going for modernisation and replacement of older weapons . 
  still it 's never going to be enough to make rusia rethink its strategy . 
  we 'd also like to have some permanent nato bases here , but more and more experts say that it 's not going to happend . 
  why should anybody care if russians get `` pissed '' if they do n't care about the others and do n't respect international agreements ? 
  the only result of your `` reset '' and reform of the abm program was deployment of ballistic missiles in kaliningrad . 
  sure , britain was at least partly responsible since you decided with french on a war council in abbeville on september 12 to not help poland . 
  ok , you deserve some credit , but in this case that was a local maharaja . 
  all of the mentioned countries had thier own governments as well and they were negotiating with the polish gov even after britain recognised the soviet puppets . 
  last time i 've checked poland was in europe , but i get your point ... 
  yeah , thank you brave brits for [ bombing germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sa-hcb367q ) as promised . 
  especially i 'd like to thank the heroic french for launching an offensive 16 days after war declaration . 
  stalin was so impressed that he invaded the next day . 
  on a serious note , that was a terrible war and i 'd like to thank especially the indians , south africans and new zealders who helped our children . 
  canada and austrialia let our veterans to settle and get citizenship , after years of hard labour . 
  britain was not willing to include the six year military service in its defence to consider permanent residence . 
   european fans was `` european '' team playing in this game ? 
  i guess that considering the mentioned ` sentiments ' those could be german , as well as spanish and even some polish fans . 
  it would n't be the first time , [ donald ] ( http://www.fakt.pl/polityka/donald-tusk-wygwizdany-podczas-meczu-siatkowki,artykuly,487745.html ) was booed several times on velleyball games and i guess he 's avoiding football since a lot of fans were chanting that he 's a `` dumbass '' ( mato\u0142 ) , for what they were many times arrested . 
  as i 've said that was before establishment of puppet regime of antonescu . 
  bessarabia is a part of moldova and it was taken back only after german invasion of the soviets . 
  india was a british dominion and in this particular case we 're talking about a private person that aided the gulag survivors , the private foundations and catholic church is offering help to syrians , a one foundation `` estera '' even brought some syrian families directly from damascus , then they escaped to germany . 
  no idea about mexico actually . 
  only in 1939 , romania was carved up by hungary and soviets and made a german puppet under antonescu . 
  baltic states were occupied by soviets and communist regime was established there . 
  only few people were able to get into france and then britain , no idea how do you imagine they could go to sweden , the rest od scandinavia was taken over by germans . 
  i 'm sure you have no idea that many poles fought not only in the french campaign , but also made their own resistance organisations on occupied french territory . 
  the poles were accepted there only because of british agreement with the soviets , before that they were located around military camps in soviet union where they allowed a little polish army to be created . 
  those who were n't alowed to join , had to rely on pity of these soldiers which were sharing their already little food supplies . 
  lets face it man , you 're just ignorant and manipulates facts to support your political views . 
  i was posting this in another thread , but i think it 's worth to repost here and show how [ the british propaganda ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzwczamqgle ) was blaming germans for that just to not offend their soviet allies . 
  also [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kopxjdvsxui ) is just ridiculous american propaganda about polish refugees in persia . 
  apparently they have a choice to which country they want to migrate to . 
  the only place that poles could go during wwii was hungary and those gulag survivors could only die from starvation and diseases in sibirian winter . 
  you thinks that there were some ngos and un giving them food , blankets and water when they were set free ? 
  that 's just another of your pathetic accusations . 
  no , i have n't seen a politician who complains about that , but i 've seen several which oppose the forced `` quotas '' of migrants . 
  the people are getting a bit paranoid when they watch news from such `` progressive '' countries like yours . 
  poland is extremaly peacefull country with low crime records and people would like it to stay the way it is .
