  much things you ignored , just to change the subject , but the worst thing is that you just tried to manipulate me and then called it a `` mistake '' . 
  enough of that . 
  since you refuses to answer my questions , manipulates and even insults me , we have nothing to talk about . 
  i do n't care about your personal life , which is probably as well a `` mistake '' , keep folling around if you wish , but not with me . 
  just look at [ their ] ( http://www.uszwejka.pl/ ) menu and promotions . 
  mind that 1 $ is about 4 z\u0142oty . 
  there 're also two other restaurants of this company in the old town , one at the market square , they 're all more or less in austro-hungarian style and they serve food from all the nations that inhibited it . 
  keep fooling around , but find yourselve someone else to play . 
  you know very well what i mean and if not , then i just overestimated your intelligence . 
  the real `` mistake '' here is to continue pointless monologues . 
  do svidania, 
  there 're few left , but sometimes i can see prof. selim chazbijewicz in tv , he 's a good guy and tries to explain how people like isis are wrong . 
  i think people do n't confuse tatars with some massmurders , or at least i hope so . 
  in statistics it is , but that 's all becouse gypsies are often confused with romanians . 
  some years ago we 've had a real invasion of beggars and they spoke romanian so ... 
  i 'm really sorry , personally i like romania and it deserves some better pr around here . 
  oh come on . 
  i just hate this kind of maps which shows the victors of some elections , but says nothing about the real support . 
  just becouse in some place a one guy gets 55 % , it does n't mean that 100 % agree . 
  that 's interesting . 
  the biggest minority in poland are actually vietnamesse , people confuse their food with chinesse , but there 're viet bars almost everywhere in warsaw . 
  i suppose they came also from germany . 
  you can get in every civilised country where lives some minority , for example in britain . 
  learning your own language is not a privillage , it 's a right and we provide it as well to each and every minority in poland , including lithuanian which is concentrated in just few districts . 
  are you saying that just the polish minority has a `` privillage '' of education in lithuania ? 
  ok , in here it 's not so much better in this matter , but is it the same related to demographics in lithuania ? 
  putin is not a `` historian '' , name a one which excuses german and soviet invasion by blaming poland for its actions against czechoslovakia and lithuania . 
  first time i 've heard such idiotic opinions it was in german war propaganda . 
   after france was beaten soviet cut aid bullcrap , the german-soviet commercial agreement was signed in february 1940 and it was broken when germans invided . 
   the last country to signed a deal with hitler i just love those typical excuses you 're all making to picture every `` deal '' as equal and everybody as an allie of hitler , except of yourselves of course . 
  the big bad `` west '' just forced you to invide and occupy others , not to mention the etchnic policies and slave labour ... no , neither czechs , nor the french were doing that , the only country that soviet russian could be compared to , was nazi germany . 
  except that when they 've invided poland soviets had already tens of millions victims on their account . 
  also i was n't talking just about the expulsion of germans , but about what you 've done in `` western belarus '' and especially `` western ukraine '' , but the same goes for `` eternally russian '' crimea , chechnya and such . 
   march 1940 you did not answer my question just like you silently ignored the mentioned case of soviet pows and how your `` politicians '' use it . 
  the truth is that soviets never declared war on poland , nor did it declared war on the soviets , there was no war , but somehow there was a `` war crime '' ... that sneak invasion was a `` war crime '' , if anything was . 
   the event that brought wwii start with the versailles treaty which ones ? 
  are you sure those are historians , becouse they sounds exactly like goebbels . 
  or is it that just an explanation for german and russian `` reasons '' for their wwi revisionism ? 
  if so then indeed i agree , you just could n't accept the collapse of your `` empires '' . 
  also it 's very funny to dismiss criticism of soviet policies by dismissing the sources , but unfortunatelly for soviet apologists there are documents , historians and witnesses , all of which was of course censored and banned under the soviet occupation . 
  the difference between us is that we 're not under it anymore . 
  what kind of privillages ? 
  when we speak teachers are protesting becouse lithuanian gov is closing schools ... 
  ah , so there was just a one `` stalinist crime '' ? 
  i guess the historians you 're talking about are those that supports your opinion , but there 're others as well . 
  if it 's just about that , why then the case of soviet pows is returning and your authorities even demands some monuments to commemorate it ? 
  the us did not train the german army when it was still pretending to respect versaillese treaty , but most of all they did not assist their army in invasions . 
  comparing those relations and value of these contracts is just another poor attemt at excusing russia . 
  you supported germans when usa supported britain with lend lease . 
  whatever treaties the baltic states signed with germans it did n't matter , the only reason for their existence was riga peace treaty and they got occupied becouse of molotov-ribbentropp treaty . 
   war crime so tell me , did the soviets declare war on poland ? 
  was there a war between these two states ? 
  and as for revisionism , that was the real reason behing wwii , since both germany and russia wanted a revision of the post wwi order . 
  this had to result in destruction of newly proclaimed or reestablished countries , but you both pushed that even further with etchnic cleanisng , deportations , slave labour and general terror . 
  same was here when this clown nergal destroyed the bible on a stage , we have a law against religious intolerance , but he was n't sentenced finally . 
  anyway i do n't know and do n't care if those musicians are really satanists , this is not a serious `` religion '' and nobody takes it seriously . 
  what the fuck is a `` stalinist crime '' ? 
  you 're just making the same old excuses . 
  i think i 've heard exactly that this arrogant putin said `` poland deserved it '' and i do n't care about any churchill . 
  the same excuses you 're making since ages , like the politics of poland towards czechoslovakia or lithuania could excuse the war and genocide conduced by germany and the soviets . 
  the fact is russia collaborated with germany in that invasion and provided them with materials to continue that war , nothing can excuse that . 
  ... the european court of human rights is not russia , your repressentatives there in their usual , arrogant and inslutive manner were accusing families of the victims of `` greed '' . 
  no idea how you won the case in there , but to call it a war crime is just ridiculous . 
  also you 've made up the story of bolshevik pows , as some sort of perversed excuse for katy\u0144 massacre , no matter that a joint commision of historians from both sides admitted that they died of diseases . 
  i 've had this discussion many times as well and there 's nothing new you can tell me about that . 
  all i can say is that your gov builds your national `` pride '' on lies , manipulations and accusations against the victims of your criminal policies . 
  it 's not nationalism anymore , that was xixc . 
  ... we have no russian minority , a bit of belarussians and they all have citizenships , they also have a right to use their original names in ids or documents and in areas that some minority is concentrated they can use their own language in administration . 
  as for baltic states and lithuania in particular , we have some issues since poles are the biggest minority there and lithuania is not making their lives easier . 
  btw . 
  in local elections every foreigner is allowed to vote , you do n't have to have a citizenship , just location ( so called `` meldunek '' ) . 
  we have also declarations of putin which excuse the invasion on poland , baltic states , romania and finnland . 
  nobody says a thing about deportation and enslavement of millions in sibiria , an etchnic cleansing ordered by nkvd in 1937 , not to mention the brutal occupation which followed the `` liberation '' . 
  as for katy\u0144 massacre , russia refuse to accept it as a crime against humanity , but rather calls it a `` war crime '' , no matter that there was n't a war then . 
  ok , but i 'd like to see the idiot who called it the `` ugliest '' capital of europe . 
   anthropologists are you sure ? 
  sure , but this is some showbiz , not a religion . 
  first of all , the question was what they 've done , not how . 
  i assure you i was a faithful beliver of tvn and gw , then . 
  seriously i belived that paranoia . 
  now i think that this `` witchhunt '' was directed against the shady , corrupted `` elites '' and i do n't care about their whineing anymore . 
  currently it 's happening the same or worse , jailing without senteces , invigilation , arresting people for crticising authorities etc. . . with this difference that now just the common people suffers while the `` elites '' stuffs their mouths with meals for 2.000 pln , from public money . 
  fuck it . 
  if you was born yesterday , that was the reform of secret services , creation of anti corruption institution , reduction of taxes , deficite and so on ... 
  happy now ? 
  why do n't you write in english ? 
  no idea what kind of facts you want , grandma . 
  wow , you 're so heroic , facing those terrible downvotes ... and fascism . 
  seriously , you 're just repeating the same bullshit that the ruling party makes up and you sounds like a fanatic . 
  both sides are heating up emotions of their voters with false accusatiuons and slogans , sometimes just insults and to the point in which a one guy murdered another ... you know what i mean ? 
  this is just the image and unfortunatelly people follow it , but when you compare the education of these politicians ... you may be suprised . 
  besides of that , both parties have some think-tanks , associacions of scientists , foundations etc. 
  behind them . 
  the same goes for this presidential elections , more educated people voted for a quite illaterate and not very bright , barely master of history , while most of the uneducated ones voted for a dude which has phd in administrative law . 
  the electorate of civic platform is build mostly on scare of the opposition , if there 're any liberals there , they need to be extremly `` tolerant '' considering the economic policies of the ruling party . 
  never heard a thing about satanists , neither negative , nor positive and the reason is ( i guess ) that they 're virtually non existing in here . 
  ok , but then i guess it 's not cz\u0119stochowa , maybe grabarka or some other orthodox place . 
  nevermind that . 
   used to be called by whom ? 
   frowned upon by the hardcore believers how ?
