  and no , sorry i 'm not going to shut up when some sick bastards are killing people just because they 're ill or poor . 
  do n't bother me , i do n't want to continue this kind of primitive exchange of insults . 
  i knew that even before , but you 've said that noone tried to touch this question until now , which is just not true . 
  we shall see , so lets wait and not get too much excited . 
  why should i support your children ? 
  should i also buy you a condom ? 
  there 're public foster houses for unwanted kids . 
  yeah , you 're the good guy because you wants to spare them suffering and terminate poor and sick people , that would be some solution for few social problems , final solution . 
  and thanks for proving my point , it was a splendid conversation . 
  no , you 're again confusing that . 
  it was pro life bill , the `` pro choice '' chapter of palikot was voted in 2012 as i 've said , but i think you 're right that was desperation at that moment . 
  before presidential elections there were ideas of in-vitro and anti `` violence '' conventiontion . 
  po is not anymore a conservative party , if it ever was , the last conservatives like gowin or godson could n't stay there any longer . 
  they 've taken electorate of sld already in 2005 when there was started that whole conflict against pis , since then there 's no more division on post communists and post solidarno\u015b\u0107 , but rather pis and anti - pis . 
  how there were n't if i just gave you at least three examples ? 
  the same can be said about every controversial chapter if party has no discipline ordered . 
  pis can afford a lot , including the same what po did , put the project to the `` fridge '' and wait until elections for example . 
  yes , there are discussions and some controversial exceptions , including the idea of life , but it 's not the case here . 
  nobody denies that foetus is a living organism , that would be just ridiculous . 
  what book ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  now this is not exactly true , ecology ( the real one ) is a science investigating the behaviors and relations between organisms , including social species like humans . 
  survival instinct is the most fundamental and it 's natural that members of a specie , or tribe protects each other or are protected by alfa male . 
  it 's also natural to protect females and offspring first of all . 
  every specie `` wants '' to survive and expand , reproduce because that 's the `` sense '' of life from biologic point of view . 
  killing representatives of your specie is just unnantural , at least in case of social mammals , this kind of degenerated and dangerous specimen are usually isolated or chased away . 
  well , maybe lions are some exception because when a one male defeats the other , they usually slaughter the offspring of a predecessor . 
  anyway mothers usually protects their babies , unless one of them is degenerated , but sometimes abandoned child can be adopted . 
  in our particular case i see that some people just manipulates the others in order to convince them that aborting is something else than killing and foetus is not a living human just because it makes it easier to excuse that . 
  what 's a person ? 
  conception or fertilisation is not yet the beginning of life , it takes some time for kariogamy , fusion of cell nucleus and then there 're mitotic divisions , so growth . 
  since then it 's a living organism . 
  now i see i 've made a mistake , it was `` pro life '' , but your reaction is quite ... interesting . 
  their idea was to bring it on , oppose it and fight pis on this issue to avoid other subjects , but it did n't worked . 
  they forced many other leftist ideas and it seems they get that mythical electorate , but it seems that 's very little . 
  except that the party was ruled by jaros\u0142aw and he opposed that project in parliament most of all , but that was not my point . 
  you 've said that something special happened , that nobody was touching this question before and it 's because of this party . 
  you 're just mistaken . 
  looks like a very nice fertilised ovum during kariogamy . 
  soon to be a living organism . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i do n't say that my specie is `` above '' the others , it 's just that i 'm a representant of it and i feel natural connection to other specimen . 
  i just told you that po right before elections allowed a ~ ~ pro choice ~ ~ pro life project to be debated in patliament , actually the only civic project they ever let out of the `` fridge '' . 
  in 2012 that digusting palikot made his project , it was voted because po allowed it and it failed . 
  in 2007 a group of pis deputies with marek jurek made a similar project but most of the party voted against so they abandoned it and made their own party . 
  so what about now ? 
  is that project of `` non political '' ngo even passed to parliament ? 
  what 's a person ? 
  placenta is not a human organism . 
  no idea what are they teaching in biology classes in netherlands , but i hope that you 're just ... exceptional . 
  again , what 's a person ? 
  that 's interesting . 
  i googled it now and i see you 're right , no idea why i 've missed it , but still it 's not relevant for human specie . 
  warsaw university , then sggw . 
  you can at least google what 's impregnation , foetus and so on ... it 's not so hard . 
  not immidieatelly after birth , do n't ask me for details but lets make it a case of a one day after birth ... can such a baby do all of that stuff ? 
  do n't think so . 
  for example ? 
   without clear beginnings and ends no , sorry , you 're very wrong . 
  sure , that 's all just language which we use to describe and communicate things and stuff , but that does n't change reality , it does not create anything that was n't existing already . 
  please , why alwys these unrelayed comparations ? 
  we 're not talking about astronomy ... 
  so , we have to make up some philosophic concepts like `` being '' instead of following empiric , natural sciences ? 
  that 's not any ethical problem to say what 's a human and what 's not , the problem is if to terminate it or not and if yes , then why and when . 
  depends what you call a toddler , but lets say a newborn and no , it definetly ca n't learn , interpret or draw any conclusions , it can only eat , cry and shit ... sorry , but that 's how it is . 
   according to catholic church , fetus becomes a living being before it 's even a fetus , at the moment of impregnation . 
  and so it is according to biology , or medicine in this case . 
  imagine that . 
  except that foetus is - * prenatal human between its embryonic state and its birth * . 
  may i ask when foetus becomes a living organism according to the feminist church ? 
  have n't heard about it , but that whole idea was that it ca n't interbreed and give a fertile offspring . 
  you 've said about north america , europe and asia , that 's quite a lot more than your country , whichever that is . 
  and what kind of a `` free thought '' has a toddler ? 
  it can be also easily aborted without any resistance . 
  that 's super !, 
  please , do n't make me laught with threse labels again , just call me hitler , 
  you 're not , but it does n't matter . 
  human foetus is very much a human from the first week or a minute of its life . 
  the goverment ca n't decide who 's a `` subhuman '' , it can only allow to terminate humans considered unworthy in accordiance to some ideology . 
  and i 'm also pro choice of life , i 'm not raping women and i 'm not aborting humans . 
  that 's a completely different discussion . 
  every animal is somehow intelligent but you 're wrong that the concept of specie is `` fluid '' . 
  you was n't following the news obviously . 
  everybody wanted to `` touch '' this law from time to time , but it seems that leftists failed with their projects and propaganda . 
  a pro life project was taken out of the `` fridge '' after two years since the subscriptions were collected in the last cadention , right before elections just to heat up some fights , but the `` progressive '' party failed to drive attention . 
  pis also voted against similar propsal about ten years ago and that resulted in secession of few people . 
  no , i 'm not getting confused . 
  first of all , how do you know i 'm not ? 
  secondly about a half of aborted humans are females , except maybe in china where almost all of them are . 
  and finally , what 's wrong with you people that you have to inslut and censor the others ? 
  yes but ther 's quite a clear difference between our specie and others . 
  strange , because i hear all the time that someone is being `` opressed '' and demands some special treatment . 
  oh there is and it 's just accidentally the left wing but i would n't say that 's well informed if i hear all the time the same embarassing slogans and manipulations , not to mention the insults . 
  the offspring is very much forced to be aborted and i 'm sure that some mothers are also being `` convinced '' by the fathers and parents to terminate their babies . 
  so , you 've said that a human which does n't feel pain can be aborted , right ? 
  that 's not any problem for me because i 'm not making up conditions to consider a living human organism as a human . 
  that 's all fine and dandy , but what 's your point actually ? 
  whichever are the differences between a human in this and the other stage of life it 's still a human organism . 
  indeed except that the question what 's a human and who 's the subject of law with its rights is fundamental . 
  why ?
