  please , do i really have to find and link the exact quotes from german or austrian politicians ? 
  iyaly is far from `` bursting '' and greece should be actually punished for transporting these illegall migrants from islands to mainland greece and then just dumping them on a border with macedonia or bulgaria . 
  i agree that something should be done , but something totally opposite to what germany did . 
  refugees are fleeding war and there 's none in turkey ( unless we consider situation in turkish kurdistan ) . 
  iy 's exactly opposite to what you say , unless it 's proven otherwise these people are just immigrants and moreover , they actually broke law while crossing borders so they 're actually criminals which should be arrested and deported . 
  poland took over 90.000 real refugees from chechnya in 90s and we 're taking plenty of ukrainian migrants , but in opposite to greece and germany we do n't allow human trafficing , smuggling weapons or drugs and if there would appear a mob of angry people trying to cross our border , too big for our border guards to control , then we 'd send army to make order . 
  all of the refugees and migrants can aplly for asylum in poland or come and work here , but they have to follow the law . 
  no , not in coalition with po and under the same leadership , except for the people which died in a plane crash in russia . 
  they 're just not against eu , except maybe for a one or two persons , they 're just against federalisation and monetary union . 
  ok , i was n't considering the air forces , but anyway if russia would ever try something like that ( which i doubt ) that would be much better organised and in these 1-2 days that germany reacts the baltic states would be over . 
  anyway i see no reason why not to increase permanently defences and presence of nato installations in the countries that are actually bordering some external `` powers '' , there 's no rational reason to keep bases somewhere in western germany sice reunification and expansion of nato . 
  russia can and is taking a lot of actions especially in case of economy and information , or just propaganda , often together with germany like with its corrupted chancellor schroeder . 
  the same their military as economic demonstrations were ignored and i think that a one of the reasons poland was n't affected by food embargo is that we 're used to it , it 's not the first time russia put embargo on some polish products . 
  uk is a different case , they always were kinda distant and isolated from continental europe , but also they were always close to usa . 
  hard to say how would germany react towards usa , but i can imagine its reaction to poland , anyway nobody wants to force germany to accept such things , it would be just better if we could get agreement on that . 
  now , i 'd like to ask , why germany is actually opposing that ? 
  i 've read somewhere that it 's 200 years old . 
  anyway the question is not if to cut it , because it was done all the time , but how much of it should be cut . 
  the rest is just ... paranoid , political campaign . 
  logging a part of the forest that is n't old , it was logged and planted before . 
  the real problem is that they wants to cut quite a lot of these trees and some people also wanted to protect this part of the forest . 
  did i ? 
  no , sorry it 's not that easy , you ca n't just dismiss every criticism as `` kremlin propaganda '' . 
  it does n't really matter if illegall migrants were oficially invited , they were allowed to come to germany which was their destination and the goverments which wanted to enforce law and control migration into the schengen zone were criticised for that . 
  so , the unilateral decission of germany allowed and encourage these people to migrate from turkey which simply exploited this situation in its own favour , but now we have to be affected by that as well because of union ? 
  nobody asked us before . 
  the party currently in charge was campaigning in favour of eu accesion referendum in 2004 , they also negoriated and finally signed the lisbon treaty after being bullied and insulted just like now . 
  nevermind that , the previous obedient gov followed every german agenda for many years , it contributed even to the fiscal compact despite the fact that we have our own currency and they also voted in favour of quotas . 
  when they finally quit appeasing russia , as always after germany and started to ask for a possibility of establishing some permaneny nato force and base here ... germany opposed . 
  conclusion is that you 're simply wrong , german opposition to this idea is not dependant on our gov and its policy . 
  of course , but i mean that in practive poland would be the first country to react long before others would be able to , or wiling . 
  also , you 've said about air patrolling and that 's also what we do because of [ baltic air policing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baltic_air_policing ) . 
  yes , we have drills but only since recently in poland and baltic states . 
  maybe you 're right i should n't complain about that , but still nato and eu were too soft on russia and ignored many of its actions directed clearly against us . 
  ok , but the real partner to talk with in europe is germany , maybe also france and britain but they have their own policies and so far britain was extremaly supportive , their troops are exercising in poland almost all the time . 
  if germany is opposing to establish some permanent force or a base here , then amerricans will most probably listen to you . 
  that should be a standard , i mean to have well paid , cooperating and trained defence forces . 
  yeah , i know but it 's not just guardian and i 've seen this kind of titles also in some leftist american media . 
  ... poland is not logging the primeval forest . 
  titles like this are not just misleading , they 're simply false . 
  in which way ? 
  maybe when you invite millions of immigrants and then wants to force others to take them , but i ca n't see anything in our internal politics that could be affecting germany . 
  yes , i 'm not sauing that it 's weird , i mean just that nothing 's for free not even bunch of older ( but good ) tanks that you gave us beforfe . 
  if you say that poland is uncooperative then i must at least know what are the goals of german politics that you 're talking about ? 
  i 'm not going to comment slogans like `` ratteling sbres '' because that 's just not serious . 
  that 's only since recently and it 's not permanent like bases would be . 
  baltics are totally defenceless and if something happends that would be responsibility of poland to aid them . 
  you do n't think that nato should respond at least in sibolic way to some of the biggest drills since the cold war especially when its scenario includes nuclear strike on warsaw ? 
  now i 'm not surprised why russia thinks it can threaten and insult everybody around ... 
  lets be honest , without german aprooval there 's not going to be any nato base in poland and your opposition is completely irrational , bsased on a failed belief that not `` provoking '' moscow will make them more reasonable and peacefull . 
  i 'm not saying that you should close that american base , it 's your bilateral thing , but nato should finally adjust to the post cold war reality and its own expansion . 
  p 's . 
  it 's not me , i 'm not downvoting usually . 
  comrade , the leaders of polish uderground were executed by the soviet liberators and their leftist puppet regime , but ... that 's not the point of this conversation ffs . 
  good example , nobody opposed the soviet occupation , redrawing borders and transfering millions of people and especially poland was unable to do anything about it . 
  as for the german invasion , there was alliance with britain and france and they did n't done much more besides of declaring war because they were incapable of invading fermany , at least according to them . 
  what institutions ? 
  anyway you 're talking about our internal affairs , not about relations with germany . 
  that 's great , wish we could share also some bases or rockets , but your gov is not interested . 
  it was nice to get some leo 2a4 for nothing , but we 'll need to pay for upgrade and it was n't clear if you let us buy technology for servicing these . 
  germany is clearly manifesting distrust and distance . 
  no , the us or any military presence in baltics is little , these are `` one bomb states '' ( no offence ) without armoured or air force and only recently it was decided to send fe international battalions . 
  for many years russia was conducting `` zapad '' maneouvres with belarus , practicing nuclear strikes on warsaw or dealing with a rebel of polish minority in belarus . 
  you ca n't get more provoicative , but hermany and nato ignore it and only since two years thre 're some serious nato drills taking place here ... what for germany needs american base if the cold wat is ended and nato moved eastwards ? 
  do you need some protection from france , or switzerland ? 
  our skies are covered by russian rockets , first of all , but we have ours and i 'd say that our air forces are n't worse than yours . 
  yeah , right [ this ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/rus/all/show/2014/ ) is what russia has to offer . 
  [ junker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpgii46fcdu ) is a clown but still i 'd like to see some full article or at least a quote . 
  a friendly question , how can i read the article for free ? 
  what developements ? 
  not sure what ties you have with netherlands and france , but we 're buying quite a lot of your leo 2a5 tanks and the older 2a4 versions will be upgraded ( finally you sold us technology ) , not to mention that most of these units are located at our western border for some strange reason ... 
  i 'm all for cooperation with all of the nato countries and especially our neighbours , but germany is clearly oppsing establishment of nato bases in poland . 
  i mean oil and gas , both countries have no real economy , they exist because of resources and the money that we 're all giving them for that . 
  then they use our money against us . 
  now you 're getting offensive and `` racist '' . 
  not cool . 
  anyway , i 've seen more than enough of campaigns , declarations , slogans and promises so let me take it as a show and enjoy it . 
  do n't quite get your point . 
  it 's quite warm , but it should n't change in such unpredictable and irrational way , from `` blowjobs '' of rados\u0142aw and donald to some arrogant proclamations of `` sovereignty '' . 
  i was rather talking about expansion of eu , but it 's partly related and especially from our persepective . 
  i see more and more comments that even the 2004 expansion was wrong because that 's apparently holding the eu from federalisation and in general it thwarts the one and only possible `` progress '' . 
  as i 've said , lots of work and sacrifice especially for ukraine which is already in terrible shape . 
  if you wants to bring moscow to its knees you have to remember that it can get unstable , but there 's no other way than economic and i do n't know if i want to sponsor saudi terrorists rather than the russian separatists . 
  i 've heard that speech and it was quite unclear but adressed to emotions of ( some of ) his voters which could think that many nato countries feels too much comfortable to care for their own defences and exploits usa instead of supporting it . 
  really , do you think that an average american know where denmark or poland is ( no offence ) ? 
  i 'm never pressing that button unless that 's a war . 
  sorry dude , get used to these biased votes and do n't let them affect your opinions . 
  and because of the prices of oil / gas . 
  do you think that these measures will force moscow to give up its territorial gains ? 
  i do n't . 
  as well as lifting sanctions is also considered . 
  ok , i was talking about military and any long term cooperation for which stability is necessary . 
  nobody wants troubles . 
   get into the eu it took us many years of hard work and shocking reforms to fulfill the accession criteria . 
  we were quite lucky to get into nato and then eu when it was in expansion mode , unchallanged by external forces or internal crisis on so many fields ... 
  i wish that ukraine would join , but it will take even more work and time . 
   proposed charging poland , the baltics etc. 
  for us military presence and protection that 's fine because we actually contribute the promised ( not obligatory ) 2 % gdp for defence . 
  besides of that , poland is going to spend $ 24 billions for upgrading its military hardware in few years so americans can compete and get some fat contracts . 
  we actually sent some serioous force to afganistan and for some strange reason occupied 1/3 of iraq so i hardly doubt that donald was talking about poland when he actually mentioned nato without pointing fingers ...
