  the question was about christians , so does the russian orthodox church says so ? 
  or are these just predominantly atheist russians in general ? 
  yeah , we 've made even a popular [ board game ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kolejka_ ( game ) ) based on the idea of queues and communist `` economy '' . 
  the ~ ~ soviets ~ ~ russians banned it recently because its description was ridiculing that system . 
  i think it 's available in romanian market also . 
  ok , but their spending put together gives barely 5,6 billion , so about half of what poland is spending alone . 
  maybe , but i do n't know any better evaluation and comparison of educative systems . 
  the universities are a bit different story and they 're not doing well all around europe , maybe the public `` free '' tertiary education for everybody is not the best idea after all . 
  oh no , a national gov cares ( tries or pretends ) about the interest of people that it 's representing in some international organisation ... horror !, 
  no idea what do you mean by `` avoiding '' russia when it 's clearly impossible to do so especially when eu institutions and member states , especially germany , were never really interested in avoiding their gas and oil monopoly . 
  germany can put its interests ( and especially the profits of schroeder ) before the rest of union , but poland has to shut up and follow . 
  about what ? 
  the gov of donald was supporting merkel in everything , including fiscal compact and bailouts for greece despite the fact that we 're not members of $ zone . 
  because it 's relevant for democracy and no , it 's a very old , ancient term which is still fitting very well the idea of nation states and their self determination which is and will be reality that internationalists have to deal with . 
  ... my pet subject ? 
  excuse me , but i 'm usually not even commenting the `` refugee '' related topics . 
  in this case it 's again , relevant and a one of major differences between eu and usa which was and is quite active at creating and promotion a common identity , but it 's a country of immigrants anyway . 
  you mean these elections in which very few people wants to participate ? 
  for me it 's a proof that this system and ep is useless because very few people feels represented by it , it 's not the fault of people that the establishment does n't work , it should serve them and not the opposite way . 
  except that the worst thing that a `` homophobic '' christian could do to a homosexual is calling him a `` sinner '' or something . 
  opposing some political or ideological ideas is something else than banning homosexual relations and i 've never heard christians to advocate such ideas , at least not in europe . 
  there were very few theocratic countries in history of europe , unless we consider protestant states as such because the head of state is also a religious leader and protestant priests are not forbidden from holding state offices . 
  that would be obvious , but you was clearly talking about `` religious influence '' which is clearly incomparable . 
   religious influence in europe , like islam is in the middle east . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  i 'm really sorry that christians do n't support the political demands of homosexuals , except for some protestants controlled by politicians , but aside of that i have no idea what kind of problems they could have with it . 
  both groups can be bigoted and fight each other , but no less than any other opposing social or political groups , well ... except that christians are often assaulted by the left extremists , but that 's because of many issues and not just their opinion about homosexuality . 
  none of that is related to the article , except for the part about americans . 
  quite surprising , i 'd understand discussing the idea of marriage because it 's a political issue , but disallowing pederasty ... ? 
  i guess these are the protestants which listen to some self proclaimed preachers on tv . 
  you do n't like common market ? 
  then get out of eu . 
   local gendarmes stood by and watched are they still working ? 
  not sure about france , but in poland blocking a road , stealing car keys and content of that car is a crime ... 
  these winemakers are just ** criminals ** and gandarmes which refused to execute law should be disciplined and removed from the force . 
  which christians wants the homosexual intercourse to be banned ? 
  i 'm living in quite a religious society and i 've never heard about such ideas . 
  typical case of insane utopist . 
  the system has to be always right , the people are wrong ... also , if you do n't like the way that eu works where member states still are allowed to have their own policies and a word about this organisation then maybe it 's you who should get out of this union . 
   good extra seats in brussels it seems to be the case of `` liberals '' thanks to their `` friendship '' with angela . 
  conservatives and whole ecr are quite clearly opposing internationalism , cultural and social engineering and further centralisation of power in eu . 
  they treat eu as an international organisation that should serve interest of its members , not as a goal by itself . 
  and what for we need that ? 
  i 'm afraid the utopic federalists forgets that eu is not usa , there 's no common demos , no common identity and even no policies or encouragement for the migrants to assimilate . 
  also usa has a presidential system with a one person elected in popular voting to govern and represent the country . 
   eastern europeans would gladly accept a political union citation needed ... and since when you can speak in a name of millions of people instead of their elected representatives ? 
  so , what does that `` political union '' mean ? 
  some foreign , alienated politicians , elected by foreign people telling us what to do ... 
  such a `` political union '' will never make sense without a common demos , nationality or identity and this is not going to happened . 
  the only way to achieve such an `` union '' is forcing the smaller and weaker states to be governed by stronger and bigger . 
  this will be the end of eu and peace ion europe . 
  i 'm feeling good about it , especially when i see hordes of neighbours spending their $ here . 
  it 's allowed , if not encouraged to talk stupid shit about catholics , so why not about muslims and jews ? 
  one way or another , either censoring all of the anti religious comments or allowing all of them , equally . 
  that would be very funny if not for the fact that polish students have some of the highest scores in pisa tests . 
  it seems that our educative system is doing fine , the same as catholic church , but not the church of `` progress '' ... 
  there 's no such thing as `` free healthcare '' , it 's public , paid from the taxes and forced insurance . 
  for `` free '' you can only get sick . 
  i 'm sorry if you do n't get it , but poland needs to modernize and equip its defences just like every other state and it 's doing so right now . 
  defeatism , naive pacifism and other exotic ideas will never be state policies , hopefully . 
  everybody cares and that 's why we do n't have constant wars everywhere . 
  that 's why moscow invades weak and neutral neighbours and complains about countries joining nato . 
  to make it bloody expensive for potential invaders . 
   russia is no military threat for europe ukraine , moldova and georgia are in europe . 
  russia is a threat to every weaker and neutral neighbour and it ca n't be trusted or ignored anymore . 
  it could be fast anyway and that 's why we need to invest in defence and keep our alliances . 
  relevant to the conversation above . 
  ok , but i guess it 's about the member states of the soviet `` union '' and experiment with the [ polish autonomous districts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_autonomous_district ) in belarus and ukraine failed . 
  soviets had no use for these people when they 've had such a nice friendship going on with national socialist german workers party . 
  still ? 
  how nice that you did n't `` operated '' them all ... yet . 
  besides , they really did n't asked to be driven somewhere to gulag or colonise siberia . 
  neither i , but seriously ... communism in south america is just a part of the problem and in venezuela it 's obviously the major reason . 
  a sane person would learn from others mistakes and failed experiments , but fanatics will always find some excuse . 
  no comrade , the theory is great , the people are just not developed enough so we should make them more modern and futuristic because they 're backward and yesterday ... and so on . 
  should i really underline every sarcastic comment ? 
  you should know better and you 're right that we despise this disgusting , inhumane ideology around here . 
  oh , lets conquer russia with love , so very gay love ... go yurop !, 
  the downvotes proves you 're wrong ... 
  communism is the best , the only problem is that these pesky people always destroys it . 
   ideologically developed what the hell is that ? 
  that 's good , but it 's a fair exchange , a trade if you wish . 
  i know what you mean , the crimes like robbery or homicide were less frequent , or just appeared unusual . 
  for the other hand many people had to buy food on black market , especially meat , even i remember that my mother was allowed to get just 1,5 kg of meat per month for herself , my sister and me . 
  there was a turbulent period of transition , collapse of economic illusion and rapid changes , but still it 's fairly peaceful neighbourhood and it 's improving . 
  i 'm quite sure the crime in slovakia or czech rep. and hungary is decreasing as well and for the same reasons . 
  i do n't like this kind of words , they 're not `` below '' us , but just they kept the old connections in the new reality . 
  the old , corrupted communists , appointed by the party to govern a company or a region just became suddenly `` capitalists '' or `` politicians '' . 
  in here there were such people in 90s and then most of them were just replaced in free market competition or elections . 
  these are the two camps i was taking about . 
  po is currently being replaced , at least partly by a similar party , with similar roots and rhetoric and even similar people . 
  so far they 're sharing the same electorate almost equally . 
  if you wants to see something funny from the 90s politics [ that 's how 1991 elections looked like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9rd-dluvfu&amp;nohtml5=false ) . 
  these were the first really free elections , in 1989 communists made a `` contract '' with a `` moderate '' part of opposition and get 75 % guaranteed seats in parliament and presidency for gen. jaruzelski . 
  are they really ? 
  ok , maybe i 'm just ignorant and knows only basics of bulgarian history , but i know for sure that turks are not a different `` race '' , not to mention that there 're no real races in human specie , but never mind . 
  you 're confusing the state with the people and especially with minority which is the xenophobic or just aggressive part . 
  poland has actually quite a `` tolerant '' immigration policy , but only for the working or studying people and especially from ukraine , belarus and russia . 
  the law does n't allow to assault people , but it does n't censor their negative opinions , emotions or bias , at least not yet and not in every way . 
  i do , the problem is that the current leftists only talk about `` equality '' when their real agenda is `` positive discrimination '' .
