  voting on unrelated case just to send a general `` feck you '' message seems irrational . 
  in europe that would be monaco . 
  i know it 's not just a one city , but all of the country is spotless and really nice . 
  even the cleanest of big cities are not as perfect when you just go outside of the city centre . 
  in poland i guess it 's similar everywhere , not perfect , but pretty clean compared to many other countries . 
  unfortunatelly some people are still littering , throwing cigarette butts on streets and not cleaning after dogs , but ... it 's all improoving rapidly , at least in warsaw . 
  edit : and another thing that annoys me are the birds , i mean that the old type open bins are always picked by these creatures and then there 's trash all around the bin . 
  we 've had that too , but not much since macedonia is hardly close or influential country . 
  anyway it was decided on v4 summit with macedonia and bulgaria that they 're going to close the borders and we 're sending border guards there . 
  no more migrants for you , sorry . 
  that was actually funny , except for the second part which was just offensive . 
  sure , divorce was actually made by the others and what happend after they collapsed is the real pain , i get it . 
  we 're in union and military alliance anyway . 
  except that pis did n't loose almost nothing . 
  it 's clear that . n shares the anti-pis electorate with po and both are ... well , significant maybe , but still even together they can barely catch the level of pis . 
  i can see that they 're promoted as a sucessor force , but in opposite to po they still have small structures , little if any local representatives and most of them are unexperienced . 
  it looks like a one man show , with maybe a one woman promoted as an additional face and absolutelly no clear projects or any vision . 
  oh , you broke my heart :( joking , i have no heart haha, 
  dude , they hosted a lot of refugees and let many `` tourists '' to travel to france , there were even polish schools in hungary during wwii . 
  germans wanted a free pass for their invasion and hungary refused . 
  sorry , but the trend is actually negative for them . 
  maybe it 's not enough to just oppose and protest without creating some alternative political project . 
  it 's always good when people are socially and politically active , especially in poland where barely half of eligible voters shows up for elections and demonstrations usually gathers few thousands people . 
  hopefully this gov will not repeat actions of the previous one and will let the people protest or gather in front of public institutions for as long as they wants ... 
  i only do n't get why these idiots from previous gov are tolerated in there if they started this whole mess . 
  they 're just exploiting this crisis . 
  constitution allows that on few conditions : - parliament vote with 2/3 majority . 
  - president can do it when either government ca n't get a vote of confidence , or when president ca n't subscribe the budget bill in four months since its draft was presented in parliament . 
  anyway , the opinion polls does n't look good for opposition and ruling party is actually gaining support . 
  apparently these protests and mass medias do n't represent opinions of the people . 
  you mean debate about corrupted politicians in macedonia ? 
  and i 'm not comparing at least because syria is not a member of eu and spaniards usually are not violating borders of other countries , not to mention that spain is a member of schengen area . 
  that 's all like personal opinion , but still it sounds kinda soft to me when i hear `` l '' instead of '' \u0141 '' or `` i '' where we use `` y '' , not to mention `` r '' in place of `` rz '' . 
  [ lots of them ] ( https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/false_friends_of_the_slavist/polish-czech ) . 
  at least one is lacking . 
  in czech `` divka '' means a girl , in polish `` dziwka '' is a whore . 
  great , but i doubt they can get such aid and benefits as these recent migrants which forced their way along balcans . 
  quite a far fetched theory . 
  do n't think that 's easier and besides of dangerous increase of crimes it 's affecting politics and the reaction can be even worse than immigration . 
  also i hardly doubt that france and especially poland will ever be a competition to germany , maybe britain will be , but anyway i think that you 'll always find millions of jobless people in europe willing to work in germany . 
   greatest achieveents of your culture like which ? 
  revolutions and `` progress '' seems to be quite lefty . 
   fear-based that 's actually funny when you consider how much and in which way the leftists are talking about `` fascism '' . 
  fearmongering is just a simple way for politicians and media to gain attention and support , it 's not exclusive just for a one party or ideology . 
  and germans are talking about it just now because they forgot to do it before ? 
  politicians unwilling to admit their mistakes ... how typical . 
  why then germany was the last country in eu to open its work market for poland ? 
  why ca n't it help romanians , bulgarians or even spaniards which are suffereing terrible unemployment ? 
  instead of cooperating with its allies and members of union in resolving this issue ( and their problems ) germany wants to take immigrants from absolutelly exotic cultures , usually uneducated and unwilling to adapt . 
  it makes no sense , but the worst thing is that germany wants to force everybody around to releave them from this burden and take quotas of migrants . 
   did n't mean to slant polish language i do n't suppose that anybody thought so . 
  polish is quite a conservative language and never was really reformed by central government , except for ortography in xviiic and 1936 , it was evolving on its own and of course with foreign influence ( especially latin ) . 
  until renaissance people wrote almost only in latin and there 're very few polish texts from medieval . 
  \u0141 is not the only specyfic sound , it was just abandoned by other slavic languages the same as nassal vovels . 
  [ sorbian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cphi_oqesco ) seems quite similar , pronunciation sounds more polish than czech . 
  now i 'm also not so sure about [ belarussian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1xxgie_mor0 ) , it seems not that hard , even easier to understand than russian . 
  as for kashubian , it 's the last of pommeranian languages , that was a whole sub group of slavic langiages , considered part of lechitic , but it sounds very distant . 
  even if that `` colony '' stuff would be true , how is that related to the whole issue ? 
  it 's internal problem of ukraine , others like russia or usa are not guilty here , at least not directly even if they use this corrupted system for their own advantage . 
  no wonder . 
  there 're few more specyfic and archaic things in polish , like nassal vovels for example . 
  as for '' \u0141 '' , according to wiki :  \u0141 or \u0142 , described in english as l with stroke , is a letter of the polish , kashubian , sorbian , \u0141acinka ( latin belarusian ) , \u0141atynka ( latin ukrainian ) , wymysorys , navajo , dene suline , inupiaq , zuni , hupa , and dogrib alphabets , several proposed alphabets for the venetian language , and the iso 11940 romanization of the thai alphabet . 
  in slavic languages , it represents the continuation of proto-slavic non-palatal l ( see dark l ) . 
  in most non-european languages , it represents a voiceless alveolar lateral fricative or similar sound . 
  czech sounds hilarious , in a very fun and positive way . 
  slovak is not that funny , but still has some moments . 
  both are quite easy to understand and almost completly when reading . 
  ukrainian is also similar , but sounds a bit like russian , same as belarussian which is much different and i do n't get almost nothing from it . 
  ca n't distinguish any southern slavic languages from each other , but still many words are similar . 
  no offence , but all the other slavic languages seems to me very soft and kinda feminine . 
  we do exactly the same jokes with czech , except that usually these are the real words and hilarious false friends . 
  btw . 
  razor is `` brzytwa '' , 
   impediment come on ... no idea what do you mean with `` w '' , for me your `` v '' sounds the same but much softer . 
  as for `` l '' we have another consonant '' \u0141 '' ( sounds a bit like english `` w '' ) which is often in place of `` l '' in similar slavic words . 
  the people are saying many things and leftist medias are hysteric as usually , they do say that or worse . 
  what moves they seems to pull , exactly ? 
  it 's true that constitutional tribunal is important part of our legislation and there 's a crisis of its authority , but you should know that for example luxembourg is just dismissing its tribunal at now or that britain does n't have constitution at all ... are these two countries `` illiberal '' democracies ? 
  criticism is something else than interference , dictate and threats . 
  not to mention that most of this `` criticism '' is based on primitive insults or ideologic bias . 
  downvote me all you wants , but do n't get me wrong ... there 're many things that this gov should be criticised for , but when it 's done in this way then even neutral people will defend it and support . 
  it 's our internal politics , unrealated to eu treaties or the other international contracts , so when foreign states and international organisations tries to influence gov , the people feels like it 's violation of our sovereignty . 
  well , it was like that before , so why is it bad suddently ? 
  the problem is not some democracy , it 's just an empty slogan , the problem is with the rule of law or rather it 's a conflict between parliament and constitutional tribunal . 
  i 'm getting annoyed and disappointed by this gov , but because we have democracy then i have to live with this parliament and president until the next elections . 
  the whole reaction is hysteric , but it also shows double standards when this gov is criticised for the same things that previous was doing , which is also the reason for my disappointment . 
  both `` silly '' and `` narrowminded '' looks like insults to me . 
   you ca n't break eu law and expect to get away with it . 
  unless you 're france or germany . 
  which of the treaties was broken by poland ? 
  by accusations and kind of insults like the most common `` putinisation '' ? 
  it 's not an opinion anymore when ep starts investigating poland , for the first time in its history and thretens to take back the eu funds or the right to vote in council of europe . 
  your comparation is the same pointles , as it 's insultuve , again . 
  fyi the most prominent representative of tatar community prof selim chazbijewicz is an old friend of kaczy\u0144ski and a member of his party . 
   it 's such a silly and narrowminded view . 
  more insults , please . 
  it 's not about corruption and this is natural reaction not just specyfic for eastern europe , but maybe it 's stronger here if we consider the experience of far left regimes controlled by a foreign power . 
  except that was a reaction to equally stupid and primitive comparations . 
  so now it 's just about `` important '' people , ok . 
  i would n't consider schulz or that clown verhofstadt as important , not even some minister of luxembourg , but the point is that when foreign politicians tries to dictate their ways on poland , the people will react in defence of gov.
