   most overrated person i 'd argue that it 's wa\u0142\u0119sa . 
  criticising him or publishing inconvenient documents provokes a massive outrage in lefty mass medias and brings people on the streets in his `` defence '' . 
  paradoxally countries like hungary or poland have lover gender pay gaps and bigger participation of women on work market . 
  hungary has fertility rate of 1.34 , poland 1.30 ( data from 2012 ) . 
  every politician is a `` populist '' , some are just spared this brand by their supporters and others are labelled like that by their opponents . 
  that was an argument once i 've heard from prof. robert gwiazdowski , president of polish centre of adam smith . 
  no problem . 
  i can only add that both government on exile and the home army were active in aiding jews and executing collaborators . 
   most of the history of your nation has basically been being colonized by a powerful neighbor . 
  no , not really . 
  that 's what republic used to be . 
   members often have puzzling relationships with the former regime just like every other party . 
   ties their main ally , father rydzyk of the infamous radio maria , has with russia what ties ? 
  it 's not like rydzyk is visiting valdai clubs or kremlin mass medias like the ally of the opposite side , father michnik . 
  citation needed . 
  in 18th it disappeared , exactly in 1795 , that was 19th c. when there was n't a polish state , except for duchy of warsaw , a puppet kingdom in `` union '' with russia for some time and republic of krak\u00f3w . 
   polish nazi collaborators mostly volksdeutsche . 
  poland was not collaborating and even if some poles would want to , they were * untermensch * so not allowed to participate in administration , army or waffen ss . 
  police and railroad engineers were mobilised and forced to serve or face execution . 
  there were indeed some willing collaborators , but their contribution to the genocide of jews was minimal . 
   `` death camps that were located in poland '' not when jan karski was kept in a one . 
  the context was quite clear and however i believe that obama had no idea what he was talking about or any intention to equate poland with germany , he just f. . . up . 
   in the world in europe , please do n't take history lessons from teachers such as komorowski . 
  some argues that may 3 constitution was not `` modern '' and there was also swedish constitution about that time . 
  ok , lis is pathetic and this portal , which is basicly a clickbait tabloid , is run by tomasz macha\u0142a , a son of joanna fabisiak , a deputy of the `` liberal '' party . 
  but ... macierewicz is again talking bullshit and embarasing not just himself , but the whole gov and country . 
  first of all , sorry for this guy , but you should n't take it seriously . 
  i 'm surprised that actually it 's a big deal for / r/europe . 
   serfdom it 's more complicated , there were many rules established over time , first restricting movement and then monetary rent was changed for labour . 
  it was still quite little compared to present taxes if you consider that the tax freedom day in poland is about 11 june . 
  ko\u015bciuszko tried to abolish serfdom in 1791 , but he was defeated by corrupted magnatery and russia . 
  may 3 constitution was more or less `` modern '' , even if some argues that it was n't , but before that there was `` nihil novi '' constitution 1505 and `` articuli henriciani '' in 1573 . 
  good for you , the others in region are not so lucky and it 's a serious issue affecting relations between for example hungary , slovakia and czech rep. with russia . 
  maybe i 'm too pesymistic , but standards of living major polish towns are not really that different , warsaw has even higher standards and gdp per capita than berlin , or rome . 
  i doubt that many people will return . 
  the low birth rate will affect pensions and retirement system sooner or later and i doubt that giving money for children ( program of conservative party ) is going to make a real difference . 
  i ment emmigration , it seems that was just a typo . 
  that 's exactly what i mean , but we 're all dependent on their gas and oil , or am i missing some info about romania ? 
  one of the first visits of our new president was in romania on a `` mini '' nato summit which was also prelude for a general meeting in warsaw this year . 
  in general conservatives were always more concentrated on this region and post soviet area , while `` liberals '' just followed germany and did n't wanted to `` provoke '' russia . 
  unfortunatelly these guys undermines our reputation by this polintless conflict with tribunal and eu ... 
  they also were hard on corruption , even if we still have the lowest rates in eastern europe , lower than spain and especiallu italy . 
  emmigration , about two millions people emmigrated since we joined eu in 2014 . 
  there 's also about a million of ukrainian immigrants , mostly seasonal workers and we need them to keep our economic growth . 
   likely cancer some historians argunes that could be syphillis . 
  anyway , not just the history of her relationship with sigismund august is tragic , but his obsession after her death . 
  there 're few dramas and poems based on this story , written by alojzy felicja\u0144ski , franciszek w\u0119\u017cyk , stanis\u0142aw wyspia\u0144ski , alojzy edward odyniac and lucjan rydel . 
  unfortunatelly i do n't know any of these . 
  not making too much harm is good enough . 
  fortunatelly there 's a consensus in strategic issues , even post communists ( finally not in parliament anymore ) were supporting nato and eu , after invasion of ukraine also `` liberals '' discovered that putin is not just a normal leader . 
  the rest is mostly details , maybe except for administrative , health care and retirement system reform from 2000 , which was a scam and semi private funds were finally nationalised by the same party in 2013 . 
  i absolutelly understand that we have a long way ahead , but there 're also issues of massive immigration and very low birth rate which is going to have long term consequences . 
  as for romania , i 'm really glad to see your fast gdp growth recently and crackdown on corruption , actually i was always wondering why we do n't coppoerate closer because you 're quite a big country in the region and we share some strategic interests . 
  same as i do n't know much about romanian politics , it 's normal . 
  i 'm not ignoring anything , it 's just disappointing when the new gov repeats the mistakes of the previous one when it was actually criticising it , both sides are just hypocrites , especially in taking over public institutions like medias . 
  are people really dissatisfied ... not sure , many have just high expectations and ambitions especially those which were travelling to west europe and ca n't remember how it was under the far left remine . 
  the politics are not everytrhing and people are pushing the country forward despite , not thanks to the goverments which only tries to exploit it for their propaganda . 
  crisis slowed us down a bit , for a while , but there was n't recession . 
  this is debatable if rule of law was actually violated and still it 's our domestic issue , there 's not a single treaty which would oblige us to have constitutional couty or even constitution . 
  the whole conflict is pointles and harmful for our interests , but that 's not what i was talking about , the point is that the people will react in defensive way when they feel that foreign countries and institutions tries to undermine our sovereignty and influence internal issues . 
  what press ? 
  every single gov was taking over public medias , but you have n't heard about it when the correct one did it in 2010 ... 
  the same gov also appointed 5 judges in place of 3 just before loosing elections . 
  how am i ignoring that ? 
  sorry , but i just know more than the foreign leftist medias wants you to see and the whole context of our domestic politics is not that one sided or simple . 
  the problem is not just a one or the other party , both of them are , or rather the system which was crerated by them . 
  interesting . 
  given the condition of state and establishment there i would n't be surprised if gov could know about it , as well as they could not be able to control crime . 
  tyahnybok was not reelected to the parliament and his party is , as i 've said , very weak . 
  hard to say , but it 's a criminal case anyway and it should be resolved by responsible authorities , netherlands should talk with interpol and europol about it and of course pressure the ukrainian authorities . 
  so it 's just madrid , sorry for my false generalisation of spanish people . 
  these were educated people from madrid , they told me that 's how it is in spain , but it 's different in latin america . 
  in poland even the lowest scum would thank for the service in a shop or pub , but it 's meaningles anyway . 
  that 's what i mean . 
  revolution or not , their whole establishemnt is a problem and we can either help forcing these people to act in more civilised way , or just abandon and let the country collapse . 
  now i know how referendums in netherlands works thanks to other dutch redditors . 
  thanks anyway . 
  i never said it 's a minor issue , especially not for ukraine , but for netherlands ... 
  i doubt it can really make a difference . 
  look at the [ list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_association_agreement#eu_agreements_with_third_states ) of associated countries . 
  ukraine is already breaking relations , or russia breaks with them , currently the `` buffer '' is more that puppet separatis region in donbass . 
   dutch stolen art never heard about it , could you explain ? 
  depends what you consider `` extreme right '' , but if you mean the svoboda party then they have berely 5 or 6 mps . 
  there were few mistakes which / u/emnel explained already , but these false friends are almost exactly the same as czech and you know ... it works both ways , we 're also laughing at these , 
  it could depend on the origin of a tourist , in some countries people just do n't use these polite words in shops , bars or restaurants , it could be the same when they tries to get some info from locals . 
  i 've seen spaniards for example wondering why am i always saying `` good morning '' when entering a shop or `` thank you '' when buying something , for me it 's so natural that i do n't even pay attention . 
  yeah , i remember also how it was with ireland and that was lisbon treaty just because you and ( i guess ) french voted against constitution . 
  then i hear slogans about `` democracy '' from the same people which are forcing that or ignoring millions of votes . 
  you 're lucky , in our case only the local referendums have to be executed if there 's required number of subscriptions collected , the national could be just ignored by parliament . 
   we call it ` corruption ' oh noes , you 're talking like pis ... 
  seriously , all of these parties in picture except for pis , psl , sld and ( just guessing ) razem are in favour of private donations . 
  you mean this referendum , or another ? 
  and what happends with these subscriptions , should parliament vote on that before allowing referendum or can it just ignore millions of signatires like it was in poland in recent years ? 
  interesting . 
  googled the guy and it seems like a good role model for a national hero . 
  it 's really a shame that balts were reduced just to lithuania and latvia with prussians and yotvings completely annihilated just like veleti , ( most of ) pommeranians and lusatians . 
  i feel exactly the same , people of ukraine do n't deserve their gov. 
  also , it looks like just the dutch people are voting on this isue , so all the other countries acts through their representatives . 
  was it always this way , do you have referendums on each eu treaty , including this kind of deals ? 
  how hard is it to make a referendum in netherlands ?
