  you 're still fixated about that homosexuality and still do n't understand anything else that i was talking about and what those people are protesting against . 
  you 're disappointing . 
  the only ridiculous thing here is the homo martyrology and your whineing . 
  depending on the country , that 's usually the privillage of tax free inheritance , common income tax etc. 
  of course the marriages are privillaged and however there used to be a reason for doing so , i 'm personally against the state regulating any kind of relationships between adult people , if anybody should be privillaged , those should be the kids . 
  i 'm also against inheritance and income tax . 
   reality rather a controvercial theory . 
  in the real world thre 's no `` equality '' , but diversity and sexuality is determined by biology , not some ideology . 
  ok , 5 years old , but that 's not the point . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.thenewamerican.com/culture/family/item/498-united-nations-plan-teach-masturbation-to-5-year-olds ) you are , if you wants you can dig in for the original un source . 
  the schools should teach whatever the parents wants since they 're the one paying taxes and responsible for their kids . 
  the state should n't brainwash the kids in accordiance to its current ideology . 
  privillages and not equal since other rlationships are not granted them , it 's about extending privillages on just another group of people . 
  this bizzare oxymorone of `` positive discrimination '' , in fact afrirmation , applies to the other groups as well and is based on assumption that allegedly `` discriminated '' people should be privillaged to compensate the `` inequality '' . 
  yes , i 'm reading and i see lots of banners against gender ideology , which is a part of social engeering to redefine the idea of family and sexuality . 
  the people protests especially about it in the public schools ( for which they 're paing taxes ) and i 'm not suprised since even un sugessts to teach the 4 years old kids how to masturbate . 
  also the duchy of smolensk was considered as a part of white ru\u015b . 
  the lithuanian statutes and diplomacy was in ruski , or old belarussian if you prefere . 
  lithuanian dukes were also marrying daughters of local ruthenian princes or noblemen , with the time many of the gedyminids got assimilated , converted on orthodoxy and just later on catholicism . 
  most of the lithuanian nobility of ruthenian descent experimented with kalvinism and just after that they started to convert on catholicism . 
  am i the one insulting people or whineing about some `` phobias '' ? 
  the only thing i was sugessting is the hypocrycy of the leftys . 
  i 'm not worried since i 'm not used to insult people , but i will never support censorship and especially not the one directed against selected people , while allowing the others to talk shit . 
  why ? 
  besides , i was never registred there . 
  it always makes me laught to hear the feminist new speech . 
  seems they have no other problems than the `` gender equality '' in vocabulary , but the sad thing is that people actually care and `` debate '' about their bullshit . 
   is that seriously something that europeans are proud of ? 
  no , most of the people do n't care and many have no idea about gmo or that it 's literally everywhre . 
   european countries with comprehensive sex-ed programs and liberal sexual attitudes actually have lower rates of teen pregnancy and stds . 
  wrong , at least in case of britain and scandinavia . 
  and how is `` aborting '' people a positive thing ? 
  not to mention that it 's legal in usa as well and not everywhere in europe . 
  the whole article is some laughtable far lefty manifesto , it 's not a serious journalism . 
  ruthenia is a latin name , it was also called ru\u015b or russia , before moscow usurped this name exclusively . 
  white ru\u015b was only the eastern part of present belarus , the western was black ru\u015b . 
  those were just geographic names , politically belarus was just a part of lithuania and was commonly called like that until xixc when it was oficially forbidden by a one `` ukaz '' of a tzar . 
  if i 'd be bothered by every bad joke , i 'd be constantly depressed . 
  i know that was a bad joke and even op did n't wanted to translate it . 
  i was also in croatia many years ago , in cricvenica exactly and everybody was kind to me . 
  it 's not your fault that most of the massmedias are lefty , they 're blowing out of proportions every minor gay or feminist protest while ignoring the opposition . 
  and what can we give them ? 
  i do n't think that ukraine is lacking weapons , but rather the modern ones , they also have almost no airforce left . 
  do you seriously think that we should send them some new and expensive arms paid by the polish taxpayers ? 
  i do n't think they need our post soviet scrap , they have more than enough of it . 
  that 's funny becouse the same prussia mistreated poles and forcefully was colonizing and assimilating them . 
  do n't know if jews were also treated like that , but they were mistreated in 1930s anyway . 
  i 'm not a historian and i was never intrested about the situation of jews in germany , it does n't matter now anyway , it 's not what we 're talking about . 
  well , the part about hitler is kinda disturbing and someone could get an impression that croats dislike us . 
  can i call the gay prides `` idiotic '' , or will i be arrested for `` hate speech '' ? 
   never been aware of one if they 're ignored by the massmedis , how could you know about them ? 
  also , i remember some years ago a pro-life demonstration in berlin , which was attacked by the `` open minded and tolerant '' leftys and i guess that was not the only protest in german history . 
   `` look , we just do n't like gay people '' it always amazes me how many people are looking for the easiest and most primitive explanations for the intentions of the people they disagree with . 
  you say they would n't be listened , but you failed to notice that they are n't anyway , no matter what would they say so let me reverse it and ask ... what should they do to be listened ? 
  i know it 's hard to understand , or even accept , for many leftys , but it 's not just about homosexual privillages and religion . 
  this is also , or maybe even mostly , about the gender ideology , so called `` positive discrimination '' and afirmation of the `` non standard '' relationships . 
  it 's about the [ white croats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_croats ) , i guess . 
  this is a shallow generalisation . 
  many jews , all aroud the world , kept their identity and lived in isolated communities , many of them could n't even speak the local language or created their own ( yiddish ) . 
  this or the other way , germany excluded them from society , deprived of social and citizens rights , abused , robbed and finally killed . 
  there 's something terribly worng about using them now to proove how `` germans '' were mistreated by the german state . 
  not completly , but mostly . 
  especially seven years war was about colonies , britain actually had no interests on the continent except of competition with the other colonial powers . 
  well , if homosexual parade is an euphemism for anti family protest , than yes . 
  seriously , people are allowed to express their opinions , you do n't have to `` tolerate '' all of their ideas , but it 's somehow ... interesting to see how a pack of homosexual activists gets a huge medial coverage while lots of normal people have none of it . 
  ok , i know you had nothing bad on your mind , just i thought it 's a distant and not important issue for the greek people . 
  i agree it 's just utopic , wishful thinking and reality is different than the sweet slogans . 
  this is anyway an international organisation that we all agreed to be part of , for good and for bad times . 
  it 's not as `` romantic '' as a marriage , but still we have rights and responsibilities like in every relationship . 
  i think you should protect you borders and not admit everybody . 
  we 're a border conutry too and human trafficing ( mostly prostitutes ) is also a problem here , not comparable , but still . 
  it 's not just about religion , muslims lived here since ages , we should n't grant refugeee status to everybody , but just to the people in danger of persecutions . 
   roma ( gypsy ) comes from sanscrit `` doma '' , the people of the lowest caste that are just singing and dancing . 
  ok , english is not my mother tongue , but afaik `` fighting '' has several meanings . 
  the shiite muslims are not persecuted by the sunni is , just their temples are being demolished , `` islamic state '' do n't even reach the areas populated by the shiite iraqs and they 're fighting mostly sunni kurds . 
   would you like that ? 
  honestly , nobody , not even our gov and fm counts on you . 
  everybody knows that we 're alone when it comes to fighting , just like it always was . 
  attack iran , be my guest , hopefully my gov will not participate in further destabilisation of the region and millions of victims , hopefully the ones responsible for occupation of iraq and cia prisons will be judged and sentenced . 
  ... you still do n't get it . 
  there 's no `` problem '' of homo-muslims becouse there are n't any or at least they 're pretending well . 
  you 're just making this up for the `` reasons '' of ideology or a fashion . 
   no muslims are in danger they 're fighting eachother , as they did since ages , in the middle there 're christians , yazidi and others , which lived there before muhammad and usually were n't persecuted . 
  are you nuts ? 
  this is probably the only country in the region which did n't attacked anybody in the past . . hundrets of years . 
  it 's just pathetic how everything on this world has to be related to the homosexuals suddently . 
  fyi none of the muslims can tolerate them , neither sunni nor shiite , do you understand ? 
  shiite muslims are nothing better , their militia in iraq is know for cruelty . 
  they 're a one of the reasons why in few years about a million iraq christians were expelled . 
  homo-muslims ... are you fucking kidding me ? 
  go read or watch something about the things that are going on in there , it 's not another gay parade . 
  i 'm not a politician , `` journalist '' , busynessman or anybody that could and should present some ideas . 
  i just think that immigration is the easiest , but temporary and short sighted solution , actually not a solution at all since the reasons for those people to migrate are still in their countries . 
  i 've said it already , if australia could deal with its immigrants , europe can do it too . 
   returning refugees to a warzone is not allowed maybe i 'm missing something , but which law forbids that ? 
  anyway , i agree the problem is the war in lybia ( and syria ) , so maybe it would be better to adress it somehow to prevent people from migrating ( and being killed ) . 
   dump refugees they 're coming to europe not just becouse of their desperate situation , most of them are not in danger of persecutions ( they should be granted refugee status ) , it 's about their economic situation so they would n't even consider other destination unless they 'd be forced to do so . 
  europe is soft , in general and those people are just taking advantage . 
  i admit , it 's not easy , but i refuse to accept immigration as the only solution especially if it solves nothing for real , it just brings the problems of those people on our backyard . 
  do n't get me started on ukraine ... the people here were talking about russia since many years , they were called `` russophobes '' not just by the kremlin medias .
