  anyway , ukraine has a long way and lots of work to do before it would be even considered a possible candidate . 
  there 're no poles there anymore . 
  i 'm done with you , there 's no point talking to a person which refuse to think . 
  you do n't even try to integrate them , the whole `` multikulti '' loonacy is not any integration policy but tolerantion of people who refuse to abandon their own rules and live in accordiance to ours . 
  i have nothing against legal migrants , there 're over 500.000 ukrainians in poland according to the work officies , but they can learn our language in no time and the 're working instead of begging like it was with hordes of romanian gypsyies in 90s . 
  these people fled their homelands years ago , they 're not coming from syria and they are n't just [ syrians ] ( http://migrantreport.org/wp-content/uploads/top-5-country-of-origin-for-asylum-seekers-in-europe-2014-unhcr.png ) . 
  you really do n't find it strange that this is happening so suddently and in such an organised manner ? 
  orly ? 
  yee , it 's all about emotions like i 've said . 
  nobody checked these people , they 're crossing borders illegally and refuse to be registred or controlled in any other way . 
  as for now they 're just illegall immigrants . 
  yes they are , at least for now becouse it can change as it was with these people . 
  someone should investigate what happend that so suddently , so many people in organised groups started to migrate to germany . 
  so not `` refugees '' anymore ? 
  that was my whole point and you 're wrong again , in almost every country you can applie for work visas , residency and so on , but only germany was stupid enough to invite everybody and to promise them asylum with all the social benefits . 
  they are . 
  turkey granted refugee status for about 400.000 syrians and put them in camps , the rest which is over a milion has a right to stay and work , but only for higher than average salaray . 
  they were staying in turkey for about three years and nobody was deporting them . 
  you can apply for asylum almost everywhere and to be a refugee you have to do it in the first safe country or embassy , but apparently only germany bends the rules to tolerate illegall migration . 
  those are not any refugees and they 're illegally crossing borders of several safe countries just to get social benefits in germany . 
  what a disgusting , biased article . 
  they do n't even quote properly , calling every immigrant a * refugee * is a pathetic emotional blackmail . 
  ... the people are hospitable and really peacefull here , but they also hate it when they 're cheated or forced to do something against their will . 
  all of the `` refugees '' are welcomed as long as they can act peacefully and work instead of begging . 
  the difference is that the polish gov made promises to support the common position of v4 on this meeting and in the last moment they 've changed their mind . 
  this pathetic bunch of fools did n't even bothered to negotiate with the group about sanctions and never really supported others to get out of dependence on russian gas . 
  there 're factories of vw in poland . 
  anyway , i get your point but to have any independent politics first we need to have a real gov , not this incompetent bunch of corrupted assholes . 
  also i have nothing against legal immigrants , we have plenty of them from ukraine , but i do n't like the situation in which germany makes idiotic invitations for people illegally crossing borders and then is forcing everybody to pay the consequences . 
  they 're actually violating the schengen union , refugee and asylum seeking rules , not to mention the pathetic threats and blackmail . 
  sorry , i know very little about slovak politics , but i guess you know fico . 
  anyway , if people disagree with german ideas and the way they enforced that , then your representatives should listen . 
  not like it is with our pathetic gov which just commited suicide , a month before elections which they were about to loose anyway . 
  no , we could n't and this is another reason how useless and stupid was this sudden betrayal . 
  germany is our most important trading partenr and we 're theirs in eastern europe , more important than russia . 
  gov should just use our strenght to keep our interests and support smaller neighbours , but this one is just a bunch of shameless cowards , if not worse . 
  and cheat germany this time ? 
  this is just great for our reputation , which is already bad on the west and will be bad on east as well ... as for slovakia , i 'm quite sure that they will be blacmailed , corrupted or just forced to obey . 
  it 's not just about the illegal immigrants , but also about reputation of poland which was terribly tarnished , first by the pro immigrant circles and now by our own gov which deceived whole v4 . 
  i 'm quite sure that this factor will be silenced , but still it 's obvious that the ruling coalition is going to loose quite a bit of their declining support . 
  lets see the opinion polls after this decission . 
  the party which is going to win the next elections has absolutelly different foreign policy , but shit happend and it 's not going to be easy repairing it . 
  i 'm really sorry for these german lapdogs . 
  they say a one thing on v4 summit and then , suddently change their mind when it comes to voting ... 
  it was clear anyway since donald took our veto rights away , so our voices would n't even matter . 
  do n't worry , in about a month they 're going to be judged in elections and this decission is not going to improove their already pathetic situation . 
  said some pedestrian ... yeah i can deny becouse that oh so terrible `` pressure '' was on the airport in ukraine when there was already a cease fire in georgia and no danger for airplanes . 
  officially the polish and russian prosecutors are still investigating the case and this is also the reason why we ca n't get the plane and all of the recorders . 
  if you wants to see how plane crash `` inverstigation '' looks like in russia [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nuzoy0fwwuy ) you can see it . 
  yup , literally he said that `` jaros\u0142aw has blood on his hands '' . 
  another element of that campaign was a fake leak from `` black boxes '' to a one tv station . 
  apparently pilot said `` if we do n't land he 's going to kill us '' ( he = president ) ... 
  again , i wrote that in general context of theories made up by `` politicians '' and propagandists . 
  exactly the ones which you 're repeating and this is the whole conclusion for which it was made up . 
  the whole chain of events in this conspiracy , from the phone call with some `` orders '' , through the alleged `` pressure '' on pilots , to the crash is supposed to put the blame on the opposition . 
  anyway i do n't suppose you 're capable of understanding that , so really it would be better for you to return on forums of gw or another lefty rag . 
  because that 's the guy who first made up this conspiracy theory and accused jaros\u0142aw of killing his brother ... 
  i do n't care who do you vote for , but you 're clearly spewing bullshit from a smear campaign against the opposition . 
  at the time there was ongoing a disgusting presidential campaign of komorowski , in which his clown palikot was accusing jaros\u0142aw of killing twin brother ... 
  apparently there 's no evidence to back it up , except for fabricated `` leaks '' sent to a one tv station during the presidential elections and another made up readings of `` black boxes '' for the govermental report . 
  later prooved to be wrong by the phonoscopic investigation . 
  this is the reason why the whole `` pressure '' conspiracy theory was made up . 
  since the first minutes after the crash the gov of putin and tusk were repeating that and their `` investigations '' were just made to proove it . 
  indeed it is kind of perversed fun to read idiotic comments or listen to disgusting pigs such as palikot . 
  sure ... why do n't you go back on the forums of agora instead of spreading their bullshit to the european public ? 
  i was n't even referring to you personally , but in general to this kind of `` politics '' . 
  well , for the other hand the word for a girl in czech means ... a prostitute in polish . 
   some people the politicians and propagandists which have clear interests in creating this kind of conspiracy theories . 
  you 're just anorther blind beliver . 
  accusing someone of killing his own twin brother is probably the most disgusting thing i 've ever seen in `` politics '' . 
  lol szuka\u0107 means to search , oszuka\u0107 is to deceive and zielona g\u00f3ra is a city . 
  how are the things in calais ? 
   and instead do what ? 
  how far it is from norway to germany ? 
  it 's all about the money ... also you could as well build another pipe through belarus and poland , which would be cheaper especially if we do n't take any transit fees for yamal . 
  we do n't need more russian gas so what for to connect to another pipe which is actually blocking access to the port of szczecin for bigger ships ? 
  to diversyfie you can do the same as lithuania and poland does , build lng ports . 
  what 's your point ? 
  poles are migrating to ireland legally so if you do n't like it , blame the irish gov. 
  except for few individuals the people are following the rules , integrating and contributing to the irish economy instead of leeching on its welfare system . 
  becouse not everything is so bad . 
  seriously you know why is that and why the `` refugees '' tries to get there illegally , it 's about the money . 
  a one demo compared to dozens if not hundrets riots in the `` west '' which are far more destructive and violent . 
  big deal ... so you have a one exception , besides of that one demonstration there 's nothing like that happening , never . 
  i live in warsaw , there 're over thousands deminstrations during a year and there 's just a one annual demo of nationalists and football hooligans which are rioting , but damages are minimal . 
  you 'll never see this kind of pictures in poland , people know how to protest without demolishing the city . 
  except that poland is the closest eu country for ukraine , while those `` refugees '' coming from turkey ( or kosovo ) are crossing several eu member states before reaching their destination in germany . 
  in ukraine there 's already over a million of idp and 400.000 migrants in poland , except that they are actually working and / or studying instead of begging for social welfare . 
  anyway , all the middle-east migrants and refugees are welcomed in our parisches where they can get accomodation , schools and help getting jobs ... why are n't they coming yet and the ones that were already are escaping to germany ? 
  poland is [ extremly safe ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety/ ) country . 
  no idea where are you from , but unless that 's japan , your country is far less secure than poland . 
  i hope so . 
  you said it . 
  `` allahu akbar '' is like `` kurwa '' in polish . 
  really ? 
  the quick search shows that `` western values and real hungarian values are the same '' ... 
  besides , i was asking op and if he talks about `` western values '' then i guess he knows something about that . 
  because the creators of this referendum made it for purely cynical reasons during presidential elections , asking questions which were n't really interesting for the people . 
   western values and what is that ? 
  [ or albanians from kosovo ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-06-18/eu-counts-185-000-asylum-seekers-led-by-kosovo-syria ) .
