  tell him to applie for compensation , eu has a common agricultural policy and instroduced compensations for such cases , the whole farming market is artificial and prices were changing many times over the years without general embargo of russia . 
  never heard about such promise , can you link it ? 
  for the other hand , the only reason ukraine could be invaded was the fact that it 's neitral , non-aligned country which just gaved up its nuclear weapons for vague promises from us and uk and of course russia . 
  now a clear territorial dispute and puppet separatis quasi states will prevent ukraine from joining any kind of alliances . 
  i see that fear of nato as irrational , or rather cynical way to keep the fading influence in post soviet area where russia is unable to compere with influence of eu and us . 
  i know little about lybia and how that idea of no-fly zone was extended , but now i understand a bit . 
  still gadaffi was removed by lybians and there was no land intervention , but as we can see that support for opposition was a mistake which contributed to a civil war , humanitarian crisis and emmigration . 
  i 've confused the flags . 
  it 's just about food , which is a fraction of the whole trade . 
  do n't get your point , i 'm not pretending that you 're happy , just trying to understand why is it such a big deal for you while it 's not affecting your economy almost at all . 
  i understand the point about syria , even if their actions are not related to france , but on economic grouds the trade exachange with russia is comparable to polish and it could get better , as i 've said in several points . 
  also it 's a member of a common economic area , more predictable with far higher standards and far smaller corruption . 
  depends how you define `` good relations '' . 
  i do n't feel that moscow has any reasons to not trust western or eastern europe , mind that also french , german and polish fms were engaged in negotiations between yanykovych and opposition , which was initially sucessfull , but then we all know how did it ended ... how can we trust russia now ? 
  i see no relation between lybia and russia , also i doubt that could have any impact on rerlations between france , italy or britain and kremlin . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  do you seriously believe that these politicians had power over the crowd and could order them around ? 
  besides , what 's written here looks more as a kind of amnesty for the protesters , not the condition to be fulfilled by the opposition parties . 
  thanks , but anyway it was way after the russian invasion so your whole point was false . 
  fair enough , especially if there are some controvercies . 
  anyway our imports from france are worth about $ 7.8 bln ( exports a bit over $ 10 bln ) , with italy the trade exachange is even bigger , not to mention germany . 
  it 's not dependant on your relations with russia , or politics and corruption , but still it could be more profitable to not go over our heads and appease moscow . 
  i agree , russia is also promoting and exploiting this disctrust and criticism , which is obviously in their interest . 
  the people calling for pull out or dissolvement of nato are not considering consequences and they do n't offer anything in return , some are naive enough to trust in just a `` good will '' of russia or turkey , which is another military power on borders of europe , but cooperating , at least for now . 
  except that our economy is doing well , gdp growth exceds even optimistic predictions and our exports are growing faster than ever . 
  this is not the first embargo on our products , i guess that our companies were prepared and knew in which markets they can sell products . 
  we all have trade deficites with russia and their whole economy is based on resources . 
  [ 11 bln ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/fra/rus/show/2013/ ) in total export , while foods just a bit over $ 1bln . 
  yeah , i know how it works , so let me tell just that poland is ( most probably ) going to buy 30 `` caracal '' helicopters for the price of $ 13 bln . 
  then there 's a contest for attack helicopters in which eurocopter `` tiger '' is a one of candidates . 
  not sure about our nuclear plants , in this way they 're never going to be built , but i guess that france is quite an obvious candidate for investment . 
  neither nato cared . 
  as for eu there was finally started some investigation into monopolisy malpractice of gazprom which is setting different prices on member states , obviously with political motives . 
  ukraine was just a one bridge too far , but we should be prepared for that if we would just consider their policies towards post soviet and post communist area before . 
  the problem of `` lobbying '' or corrupting european politicians is not reserved to just a one side or a party , but it 's also nothing new . 
  good point , i almost forgot about these clowns . 
  yes , also because schroeder was corrupted , but russian politics towards baltic states and poland were the same , with provocative maneouvres , `` diplomatic '' threats and occasional food embargos . 
  if you consider russian state owned mass medias then yes . 
  which conditions were violated by opposition ? 
  anyway , that was internal issue of ukraine as i 've said and it 's not a matter for foreign politics and military actions from the other states . 
  no idea what obama said , americans sent billion of dollars to russia , ukraine and almose every country on the planet over many decades . 
  they were n't engaged in solving the crisis and mediations between opposition and president , also they are n't engaged in peace process between puppet russian separatists and ukraine . 
   rada proposal on 1st march link ? 
  proposal is not a law anyway and the invasion of ukraine was already ongoing since 20 february . 
   war with russia remind me when other candidates declared war on russia . 
  like schroeder or corbyn ? 
  [ is it ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/export/pol/rus/show/2013/ ) ? 
  that 's total , food products are listed below , you can add the figures but it 's not even a $ 1 bln . 
  also your [ imports ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/visualize/tree_map/hs92/import/ita/rus/show/2013/ ) from russia are much bigger . 
  cancer is not a living organism , you 're just picking words out of context of a whole sentence . 
   so are murder and rape . 
  have you ever watched natgeo ? 
  try watching especially prime apes , you 'd be surprised . 
  besdies ... are we just discussing if murders and rape should be tolerated ? 
  ok , so what 's a `` cell clump '' according to you ? 
  sorry , but this is not a serious name and every living human organism is a `` cell clump '' . 
  fair enough . 
  i thought that opposing murders is self explanatory and i did n't weanted to use this name because i know what kind of reaction it provokes amongst the supporters of `` abortion '' , which is natural . 
  it 's actually the opposite way , i 'm not making up conditions such as a one or the other stage of developement or dependence in order corrupt the definition of a living human organism . 
  i repeat that these implications comes from our social nature , we 're not discussing if killing humans is `` moral '' or not , the question is what 's a human . 
  you 're denying facts . 
  am i attaching anything , or it 's just your natural reaction when i use the word `` human '' instead of some unclear words promoted instead to silence natural empathy ? 
  morals , etchics or whatever are creation of humans and comes from their social nature . 
  nobody would defend killing innocent humans , so in order to excuse it there are promoted names such as * abortion * or * foetus * , which are factually right , but they also are confusing for those which do n't understand them . 
  you 're just wrong . 
  please , i thought that we 're over it , read the efinition of life again and do n't confuse species . 
  what coup ? 
  you mean the interim gov of yatsenyuk appointed by yanukovych and approoved by parliament majority ? 
  the only way that eu `` legitimised '' this was mediation of french , german and polish fms between opposition and president . 
  it was internal issue of ukraine and nothing can excuse foreign military intervention . 
  the vote on non-aligned status was in december 2014 , rusian invasion was in march . 
  indeed , it 's choice if to terminate another human or not . 
  biology can only explain what 's a living human organism . 
  cancer is not a living human organism . 
  we 're all developing cell `` clumps '' and so are the humans in their embrional period of life . 
  sorry , but still you 're wrong . 
  human is a specie , homo sapiens , so if a living organism has a human genome , then it 's a human . 
  there 's no definition which would say anything about * developement * . 
  it does , the part of biology which describes social interactions and behaviors is ecology . 
  egoism , altruism and empathy are natural and also because of that there 's this confusing and false propaganda to axcuse aborting humans by denial of their humanity . 
  these are n't `` my definitions '' , i 'm simply reffering to the long established and hardly disputed biological definitions , according to which a cancer , or whatever you tries to compare to humans is n't a living organism , or a human . 
   adverserial policy of obama like `` reset '' and pulling out of europe ? 
  the policies of obama were quite in line with russian interests , just like policies of eu member states , until the invasion and annexation of crimea . 
  of course there 's no other candidate which appears to be bearable choice for moscow , but somehow i doubt that trump would be that naive and weak like obama and his secretary hilary . 
   the loss in export/import is damaging to many eu economies is it really ? 
  the countries which should be affected most did n't really noticed the impact of russian embargo and they 're mostly supporting sanctions , except for hungary , slovakia and just president of czech rep. for some reason countries like italy , or france complains while their trade with russia is quite little , not to mention the food exports alone , compared to norway , germany , poland or finnland . 
  the deal with gazprom is not just german , there 're also dutch and british companies participating , but the pipe is obviously directed at german market and nord stream is run by a corrupted former chancellor . 
  apparently . 
  i 've never said it 's a good option , just that it was predictable and approoved by the voters in the whole package with the ruling party . 
  the prosecutor general was also dependant , besides of the mentioned issues , he was chosen by a president from several candidates , as you 've said before . 
  this also made some people to throw accusations against prosecutor seremet when his decissions were n't in line with some opinions because he was appointed by a wrong president . 
  the other people , when complaining , would say that he was chosen out of just two possible candidates . 
  also , i highly doubt that any single person could control each and every investigation around the country . 
  it is corrupted and dependant on russian gov , but most of all it was just wrong in many points of this particular case , whatever was the reason behind it . 
  your agressive defence of this institution and insults are not serious and i should n't even continue this pointles discussion . 
  which facts ? 
  you 're just reacting with insults for any criticism of that commision . 
  call that `` logic '' if you wish , i say that you 're just naive and biased . 
  still they 're dependant on pm , later it was revealed that it was internal minister sienkiewicz who asked proseuction to run the case ( later abandoned ) . 
  usually it 's just police which executes investigations .
