   instantly surrender you 're confusing us with french . 
  complex ? 
  people have no idea what was going on under your occupation , not even germans , all they know is the situation of the jews because they actually care and they 've had means to represent their intertests , unlike soviet occupied poland . 
  not a single german criminal was sentenced for war crimes and mass murders of poles , except maybe for hans frank , few criminals responsible for slaughter and destruction of warsaw were made local authorities in western germany and now even your mass medias promotes the phrases like `` polish concentration camps '' because you deny the fault of german state and blame everything on some `` nazis '' . 
  say what you want , the german superirioty complex and anti polish sentiments have long traditions and they were never really challanged . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  you 're right , but there 's always some limit to details in this kind of maps , unless you wants to consider each and every person which is impossible . 
  impossible to translate exact expressions and let the foreigners `` feel '' the differences . 
  that 's what i was afraid of . 
  few years ago i 've seen some tv show about kurpie , dialect was really interesting , but also history and traditions really surprised me . 
  wow , indeed a very good map , thanks . 
  pity that this one was n't posted , but it could be too much for the foreigners . 
  there 's also distinct dialect in kurpie , but i 'm afraid it 's almost dead at now . 
  the map even ignores highlanders . 
  sorry op , but this is not good enough . 
  [ this map ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/db/51/09/db510907635f4b23479757aec5951419.jpg ) is much better . 
  not always . 
  warsaw is a political centre since about 1573 , when the first free royal election took place , but even before it was gaining importance because of the union with lithuania and its kinda `` neutral '' position . 
  it was between krak\u00f3w and vilnius , duchy of mazovia was also just integrated to poland . 
  wawel castle in krak\u00f3w was still a seat of the king until 1609 , but parliament was meeting in warsaw since 1570 ( except once in three times in grodno , now in belarus ) . 
  gda\u0144sk was definitely a trade centre then , krak\u00f3w was more in medieval and now it 's warsaw , i guess . 
  as for culture i 'd say that 's still krak\u00f3w , but i could be wrong . 
  i know the bill , you do n't have to explain it to me ... 
  i just do n't agree with accusations of the opposition , at least not with the one that you 're talking about . 
  so a president can decide what 's `` controversial '' . 
  that 's not clear , neither fair , judging complaints in chronologic order leaves no space for this kind of arbitrary interpretations . 
  that 's more complicated , until now 5 judges could only resolve the cases of international bills and agreements , but lets not get too much into details . 
  according to the law passed by the previous parliament 2/3 ( 10 ) of judges should pass resolutions by regular majority , now 13 judges would do it by majority of 2/3 votes . 
  most of cases are resolved by the full line up which was 9 judges until now , the new bill makes it 13 so the process will be slower only if they 're not present there and i see no reason why would n't they be . 
  seems that you missed the information about 800.000 ukrainian `` refugees '' working in poland . 
  i guess that 's because we do n't complain and they do n't misbehave . 
  indeed , but we 're talking about the medias and self censorship ( if not by the gov ) is a one of the issues in this case of sexual assaults . 
  that 's just your interpretation , or rather the one propagated by the hysteric opposition . 
  why do n't we discuss the ukrainian `` refugees '' ? 
  sorry , but i 'm not a german and i do n't know `` bild '' . 
  i just heard that they were actually informing about these rapes in cologne when everybody else was censoring that . 
  ... and replacing that with a ban on `` hate speech '' ? 
  it 's a dead law anyway , internet is full of that and censorship goes in another direction ( for example on reddit ) . 
  maybe next time , but i 'd rather visit munich or some other city that i was never visiting before . 
  the difference between us is that i was never `` foaming my mouth '' and always criticising the ruling party , whichever that was . 
  and so it was when the `` liberals '' appointed their extra judges right before elections , but i 'm quite sure that people like yourself never heard about it before the new gov tried to do the same . 
  so where did you saw that defence ? 
  i have a better idea , ask those who submit to the current opposition and lefty mass medias where were they for the past eight years . 
  or , i 'm not a drama queen and do n't take this paranoia seriously . 
  if by `` neutering '' you mean passing a new bill about it and taking over seats for their candidates then yes . 
  well , i do n't want to offend anybody . 
  it was n't that bad , but i was n't going anywhere besides the city centre which was kinda empty and boring on evening in weekend . 
  yes , they 're doing the same what the old gov was . 
  are you seriously asking , or just trolling ? 
  politics can be funny , but crimes never makes me laugh . 
  i admit , it 's maybe not nice and i do n't even see anything special about this letter , but it looks like it ca n't be taken out of the context of current politics and everybody seems to be aware of that . 
  i guess that it 's faster to talk with steinmeir instead of answering schultz , some guy from luxembourg or juncker . 
  i thought that freedom of speech and rule of law was enough . 
  the press , afaik `` bild '' was informing quite quickly , but the public zdf is suspected of pressure from gov. 
  really , i do n't want to compare anything and i do n't think that was the intention of our fm . 
  neither of our states have any right to lecture the other about domestic legislation and i think that every state is concerned about the safety of its citizens . 
  at least i hope that your gov is . 
  ... ok then , go to some travel agency and ask there . 
  considering your username i guess you 're polish , but i just wonder if you was ever on vacations . 
  no idea , ask 15,8 m people that spent at least a night in hotels and 27m which checked-in on polish airports in 2014 . 
  pity , but it 's actually not very funny how your authorities and medias are handling the `` refugee '' crisis and its consequences . 
  if not for them i would also miss the `` dictatorship '' that we just chose in democratic elections . 
  i was never to stuttgart , just on a way to france in hannover and it was ok , berlin was n't bad either , but kinda disappointing . 
  the nicest cities i 've had a pleasure to visit in europe were vienna , prague , budapest and venice , paris was also nice , but too much overwhelming and i was n't feeling well in there . 
  krak\u00f3w , the ancient capital city of poland is also amazing and i 'd put it in a list on nicest european cities not just because of my nationality . 
  i love warsaw , which is my hometown , but it 's a bit like berlin with skyscrapers  hope that the things in germany and western europe are n't as bad as it seems , but i was n't there since several years and ca n't say for sure . 
  i would add also that we 're really concerned about the freedom of speech , the rule of law and quality of democratic values in germany . 
  but , i 'm not a diplomat . 
  why do n't you visit poland ? 
   according to [ oecd ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/countries/poland/ ) it 's extremely safe country , actually second most safe after japan , with very low assault and homicide rates . 
  people are well educated and knowledge of english is quite high , especially amongst the younger people . 
  it 's in top ten most visited countries in europe and there 're many tourist attractions , there 're nice and historical cities , sea , mountains , lakes ... whatever you likes . 
  no , i do n't get why you are discussing with me . 
  no point in arguing about scientific definitions . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if you claims that a somatic cell is an organism then i would like to see a proof ... not that i 'm seriously asking since that 's an absurd , but you should learn on your own . 
  foetus is just an organism in its embryonal period of life that resembles morphologic features of a mature organism . 
  considering your comments , i 'd say that it can have bigger value since it 's not a danger for the other humans . 
  prove it . 
  [ really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organism ) ? 
  a somatic cell is not a human organism . 
  i 'd like to abort you , but the evil oppressive law does n't allow my view . 
  what about the free choice ? 
  another `` stereotypical generalisation '' . 
  i tell you it 's not common , or at least not more than in the electorates of the other parties . 
  agreed , they 've messed it up and they are too proud to admit failure . 
  i see nothing wrong about demonstrations even if i would n't bother to participate in any and they 're fruitless . 
  so i tell you once again that every party , which are two in my opinion ( with different factions ) has similar rhetoric , just different symbolic and `` enemies '' . 
  one is targeting `` elites '' , the other attacks the `` wrong '' social groups . 
  according to pis the people who supports the opposing party are `` manipulated '' by these `` elites '' , according to the `` progressives '' the conservatives are dumb , frustrated or just hateful . 
  i thought so , until you 've mentioned the leaders again . 
  i 'm not expecting you to admit that you was wrong , or just lying , but you could at least follow the conversation in some order and not to repeat the same bullshit again . 
  in which minute he 's talking about the jews ? 
  i was listening and still there 's nothing about that , nothing really special actually . 
  so i 've asked you to support these claims with some evidence , but obviously you 're not going to find such a thing . 
  then you say it 's all about supporters and now again about the leaders ... 
  i 've told you that supporters of every side use this or similar rhetoric and i can provide examples if you really wish . 
  you 're equating millions of people to the worst few of them just to support your bias . 
  indeed , but you 're not the only one and people like you are all over the mass medias spreading this kind of insane , paranoid theories . 
  i 've seen tons of different crazy theories about kaczy\u0144ski , including the `` jewish '' ones , but you was clearly referring to his speeches and again just lied .
