  i think the law in poland is a good compromise , except for many non lethal conditions like down syndrome which should n't be a reason for `` aborting '' humans . 
  rape or incest are the only cases of `` unwanted '' pregnancy , but as for me it 's still controvercial since the baby is not responsible for its criminal father . 
  fortunatelly we had no such case since about four years . 
  if the choice is between a one and the other life , it 's a drama for both and should be left for mother to decide . 
  that 's just my opinion , both sides should be considered , not treated like inhuman animals or property of the others just becouse of their weakness . 
  it has everything to do with it . 
  u mad ? 
  i never insult people . 
  pointing out mistakes in a sarcastic way is not yet an insult and you 're obviously [ wrong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/life#definitions ) . 
  if you ca n't admit it , than it 's just your problem . 
  and how 's that an excuse ? 
  it 's not `` sacred '' , it 's just our specie . 
  you misunderstood me , i was referring to the definition of life and not just human . 
  to call something a living organism it has to fulfill several conditions , one of them being growth and this is also why viruses are n't considered living organisms . 
  read [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/life#definitions ) for more info . 
  adoption is a solution , elimination is not . 
  same way you can argue that criminalisation of murder is a bad idea . 
  imposing termination on humans is by far the biggest violation of their personal freedoms , unless you do n't consider them humans of course . 
   i am done . 
  as you preferre . 
  in meantime i 'd recommend to re read the definition of life and not to make such embarassing mistakes anymore . 
  still , it was a one of few cultural conversations i used to have with defenders of `` abortion '' . 
  thanks . 
  philosophy , or thinking in general is as well natural . 
  i do n't want to dismiss completly the `` humanist '' sciences , but they are n't as objective as the life sciences ( including physical ) . 
   so everyone who has ever had an abortion is unhealthy , emotionally unstable or doesnt know what a human is ? 
  from my experience , including this conversation , it 's usually the last case what the defenders of `` abortion '' use as an argument . 
   growing a human that has no brain that 's not the case of most of the humans being `` aborted '' , most of them develops brain together with the other vital organs . 
   potential human there 's no such thing , turn your sarcasm sensor on . 
  if you 're still missing the point , i was dismissing your `` definition '' of a human . 
   today it is not . 
  it used to be . 
  but of course it is , that 's what we 're talking about . 
  i could call it `` infanticide '' if you wish , no idea how else could i even call it , but it does n't matter . 
  it is what ? 
   if it doesnt have thought and feeling then yes , its not sorry if i confused you with someone . 
  was that you who claimed to be a biologist ? 
  this or the other way , you 're obviously wrong . 
  why should i care about the philosophers and their contradicting theories ? 
  most of all , why legal system should be based on such weak points ? 
  your comparations are useless and still you fail to see how serious this question is for your `` definition '' of a human . 
  unless you seriously consider `` aborting '' humans of course . 
  ok , i 'm not going to argue about something i know very little about , this whole point is hardly related to the subject in question anyway . 
  even if the history books i used to read ommited these cases , it does n't matter . 
  the point you 're making since you 've mentioned that is to excuse `` aborting '' humans with behaviors which are , at least currently , absolutelly intolerable . 
  the world is hardly a paradise , but solving problems by elimination of humans is barbaric and should belong to the `` dark ages '' , not to the `` progress '' . 
  may i ask where did you learned that ? 
  i just hope that was not a biology class , otherwise your teacher was just a fraud . 
   certain point in development in developement of what ? 
  what 's `` that '' before this point ? 
  biology makes it clear , after the first mitotic division it 's no more a fertilised ovum , but a living organism . 
  no serious biologist or a physician can claim otherwise . 
  that `` certain '' point is just an ideological idea about when it 's allright to `` abort '' a human . 
  this , as well as legal codes and your opinions are just subjective and depends on politics . 
  nor it is in the moment of birth . 
  does it mean that 's not a human ? 
  your `` definition '' has many weak points and is simply just made up by some politicians . 
  show me these anthropologists . 
  i know a bit about history and never heard about any society which accepted or practiced cannibalism . 
  i know very little about prehistory , but i hardly doubt if you 'd be able to proove your point . 
  and what kind of trade with russia has slovenia ? 
  i hardly doubt that you 're affected in any way . 
  yes , biotechnology . 
  i 'm not a beliver and you 're unfortunatelly following stereotypes nailed by pathetic propagandists . 
  get it into your head : the fact of existing patologies is not a reason to tolerate them . 
  this argument about `` safe '' termination can be as well extended on each and every crime since people commits them despite the existence of penal code . 
  it 's not any argument . 
  so i tell you once again , it does matter since the brain develops even after birth . 
  ask yourselve , which was your first memory and how old you was ? 
  this is not infanticide when some degenerated , sick or emotionally unstable specimen kills its baby . 
  cannibalism existed and was tolerated only in several , isolated communities which desperatelly lacked proteins . 
  never , since the dawn of history it was accepted in the other societies . 
  sure , they need just some propagandists to tell them lies such as this one about `` thier '' bodies . 
  which question did i ignored ? 
  if i did so then i 'm sorry , but i 'm quite busy recently and it 's really exhausting to be the only person around which is against `` aborting '' humans . 
  as for morals , philosophy , religion or ideology , i 've said that it 's not interesting for me , not that it does n't exist . 
  the `` morals '' and social order in most of cases comes from the social nature of humans , at least that 's my opinion . 
  a healthy and emotionally stable human will never consider `` aborting '' other humans as justyfied unless it 's unaware that 's also a human . 
  this is why for some ideologic or political reasons the objective , scientific definitions were replaced with some agreements and lists of `` conditions '' to consider a human organism `` worthy '' . 
   how ? 
  they think , they feel . 
  they have a mind . 
  or do you think otherwise ? 
  quite the opposite way , i 'm not the one excusing termination of human life . 
   legal restrictions on alcohol are also subjective ... and that 's what i 'm talking about all the time . 
  the legal system is subjective and depends on actual ruling class , it can change at their will regardless of objective facts or science . 
   but so what ? 
  ehhh but that this border between `` humanoidal '' fetus and human fetus ( according to you ) is almost impossible to set . 
  actually the very definition of a `` fetus '' is quite subjective . 
  anyway , you really do n't see a problem about killing `` potential '' human and potencially killing a human ? 
  you say `` so what '' if we kill a human ( in your own dfefinition ) ? 
  one tribe competes with the other for survival , it 's normal , but killing the members of your tribe and especially killing your babies is not . 
  both incest and cannibalism leads to health problems and in most of cultures and societies were condemned . 
  only in some closed or desperate communities it was tolerated . 
  you 're messing different things up and i repeat that 's all about organisms which are already dead . 
  if you mean that infanticide , then please provide example or a study about humans or prime apes , good luck with that . 
  and how should i view an intentional termination of humans life ? 
  anyway your point about `` repressing '' some patoligic behaviors as pointles , since people are going to commit crimes anyway , is false and that 's what was the point of my answer . 
  if you still do n't get it , then i 'm sorry . 
  same argument could be used for `` repressing '' murders or thievery , it will never be completly eradicated but it 's not yet a resason to tolerate it .
