  as quickly as with any other doctor , as well as in life thretening conditions . 
  great , but it 's still europe 's highest , by far . 
  terminating humans is not legal , at least not in poland . 
  ... romania ? 
  ukraine ? 
  belarus ? 
  tell that to the british teens because something obviously does n't work there . 
   reactionary and not being very progressive lol you know i 've seen these slogans in history books ? 
  on soviet posters from 1945 actually . 
  then i agree . 
  it could be as well propagandist move , the same as introduction of these pills was , just adressed to a different electorate . 
  i 'm afraid that not everybody knows about the consequences of this or the other action so yeah , i 'm all for education and no taboos or censorship of any other kind . 
  i get your point , but then we could ask why are there any drugs limited by prescrprions or some drugs are just banned ? 
  doctors are obliged to keep personal informations secret . 
  teens do n't need their parents to visit them and in perfect world it would be still better if they could have healthy , solid relations with their parents and couples . 
  i used to have a one mate which got pregnant and that was the last class of primary school then ( age 14-15 ) , but it 's not really frequent and it was some time ago when this pill and others were n't around . 
  i wanted to post the recent stats , but apparently even pictures from daily mail are censored on this sub ... 
  welcome to eutopia . 
  because teens do stupid things sometimes ? 
  like having sex without protection ... 
  a dose of hormones is not a condom ... 
  sorry , maybe my english is lacking , but if it is then , what 's the problem ? 
  should some irresponsible teens eat these hormones like candies ? 
  sex leads to procreation , it 's just a fact and contraception is another issue . 
   moralistic law again , misleading title . 
  gov wants this hormone bomb to be sold just and only when prescribed , not to ban it completely . 
   ivf they should go with some sane law about it because both sides are using this as a purely ideologic and propagandist tool , especially when it was introduced right before elections . 
  there was a proposal , but nononon we absolutelly have to produce `` spare '' humans and keep them in freezers ... forever . 
   a strong hormone cocktail the question is ... should it be prescription free or not ? 
   consciousness do you believe that conciosness determinates if that `` amount of cells '' is a living human organism ? 
   sperm and egg gametes are not organisms . 
   who on earth besides the poles would think that `` if you have sex , be prepared to have children '' ? 
  every high school graduate , unless biology somehow is not taught in your schools . 
   ban misleading title . 
  the pills will be aviliable but only with prescription . 
  maybe then , but why is xixc politics corrupting history today ? 
  anyway , it 's not the only case when colonists takes name of the indigenous people that were eliminated . 
  depends , i know little about contemporary romanian history to compare it , but it was quite shitty here . 
  some of my earliest memories are queues for bread , reglamentation of meat and of course food from black market . 
  edit : that was late 80s . 
   poland , and they did not have to live through a fifty-year regime which was absolutely destructive for the economy . 
  last time i 've checked there was a puppet far left regime in poland then . 
  moreover , there were two world wars together with insane german occupation and before that there was n't poland at all in xixc . 
  imagine that ukraine was richer in 1991 . 
  as every state . 
  it 's not an alienated phenomenon , but just a one of many organisations which are gathering muslim fanatics , destroying isis will not end terrorism or fanatism . 
  religion could be just an excuse for abdeslams , it could be as well a part of thier etchnic self identification and terrorsim was just their way of opposing the western `` crusade '' against their people . 
  this or the other way , it was not because that they were just another poor `` belgians '' living in a bad neighborhood or the `` victims of society '' . 
  thanks , but still isis is very much interested in religion . 
  it does n't matter if their supporters are strict muslims , tries to compensate for blasphemous life , or just fights against `` crusaders '' ( so called `` west '' ) . 
  they 're just dangerous , alienated and not impressed by the progressive propaganda or tolerance . 
   turks also tatars and millions other muslims from russia and central asia are completely different , it 's another `` taboo '' to talk about etchnic background or culture , but there 's a clear connection , not just social or economic . 
  i 'm not in favour of collective punisment if that 's what you mean , but the whole present relativism which tries to equate everybody and everything is giving a skewed view of the mindset of people like islamic fanatics . 
   they went from non-religious would you be able to back it up with some source ? 
  sure there 're different reasons for which these people are getting their ideas , but we should stop denying the common feature which is a one , particular religion . 
  yeah , unfortunatelly they give a lot of fucks about religion while the `` west '' pretends they do n't and everything 's `` equal '' . 
  i know , all of these tribes were quite little and the same in iberia or italy they were soon assimilated or adopted the local , latin culture . 
  congress of vienna was intended to `` clean '' up what napoleon did and secure the power of absolutist monarchs together with their un-holy alliance . 
  were n't franks germanic ? 
  or use proper ones like prussians and germans . 
  not unless i was squatting . 
   as a woman you get harassed almost daily . 
  ranging from well meaning `` compliments `` to pickup lines are you for real ? 
  halal . 
  they 've made up a name `` old prussians '' for that reason . 
  not sure if they never had it or just abolished , but i 've heard about it before . 
  poland followed quite an opposite path , but you should also distinguish magnatery and nobility , which was in most of cases supportive of king and quite poor , many nobles were just working as farmers . 
  that depends , i know very little about courland , but it was a separate vassal duchy so its internal politics could be different . 
  there was n't counter reformation in poland , maybe except for some propaganda , polemics and books , at one point of time majority of parliament was protestant . 
  there were some fights between hussites and catholics , but nobody wanted religious wats so in reaction to what was going on in europe most of the religious leaders made a [ warsaw confederation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation ) and promised to not fight each other . 
  i hope , it 's just wrong and unfair when you compare us to moscow or soviets . 
  i knew that lithuanians in opinion polls consider poland the second most dangerous country after russia , which is bullshit , but i never thought that latvians could also fear or dislike us . 
  serfdom was abolished by constitution of 1791 and proclamation of po\u0142aniec 1794 , but it was all crushed by russia and corrupted magnatery which did n't wanted to loose its privillages . 
  anyway , it was just the genral opression of pesantry , not exclusive for poland and especially not for a one part of , it was affecting the same latvian , as well as polish pesants so talking that it was a way of opressing a one etchnic group is simply false . 
   and yes , in inflanty the local german nobility was partially replaced with polish and lithuanian one . 
  never heard about it . 
  if it happened that was probably because of trading estates , marriages or just assimilation to the polish customs , language and religion which was common and voluntary process amongst ruthenian and lithuanian nobility . 
  i do n't know any other poles from that area , all of them held german surnames and many were protestants . 
   rightfully it was , except that it does n't mean that was `` morally '' justyfied for a one nation to rule over the other and especially not to force assimilation on it , which was not the case of inflanty . 
  chopped and boiled together with other vegetables and served for example with rice or kasza . 
  thanks . 
  we do n't eat mamaliga at all and hot peppers with other dishes , usually boiled . 
  me too , 
  thanks . 
  lagging in which point ? 
  the local pesantry and nobility was the same as it was before , under livonian order , if they settled some pesants from another part of the country then it was their own idea , not a central gov policy . 
  serfdom was just normal in europe then and it applied to every pesant , not just in livonia . 
  there was n't just central etchnic , religious or linguistic policy in poland and lithuania so compartations with moscow or soviets is just wrong , not to mention that it 's unfair . 
  the land was rightfully `` ours '' by the rights of that time , agreement with livonian order . 
  the grand master kettler took duchy of courland as his secular vassal state and the rest was incorporated as a polish - lithunian co dominium , at first . 
  there was also a war against muscovy for that and really you would n't want to be ruled by insane ivan the `` terrible '' . 
  unfortunatelly i ca n't find an english recipe and i fo n't know romanian . 
  looks quite similar , maybe a bit lighter actually and i see that people also eat it with bread on side . 
  and how 's that dish called in romanian ? 
  also , bigos is a one of twelve dishes usually served for wigilia , a dinner before christmas , but then it 's without meat . 
  so this is somehow our fault that a region which was taken by russia about 300 years ago now is a poor `` shithole '' ? 
  you have strage history lessons ...  comparable to russians and soviets nice ... so tell me when was poland colonizing you , polonizing and driving out to sibiria when you complained ? 
  i suppose that many nations could feel bad about this and the hungarian map , but that 's how it was and espeially you should n't feel offended if that was just russian takeover , not your secession or independence . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.hairybikers.com/recipes/view/bigos-stew ) , but the recipe can have lots of different variants and some use just saurkraut , some takes fresh cabbage , others are mixing both . 
  you can use different meats , but usually prunes and mushrooms ( wild , not champignon ) are necessary .
