  now it 's just like i 've said , corrupted oligarchy . 
  so what 's `` conservative '' about his policies ? 
  i 'm not asking about decalrations of him and his lapdogs . 
   `` conservatism means reliance on traditional values but with a mandatory element , aimed at development . '' according to him , but what kind of `` values '' are these ? 
  a country ruled by a divorced playboy , where more people are aborted than in the whole eu , where barely few percent attended easter mass , which economy is based on a network of state owned or controlled and corrupted oligarchy is `` conservative '' according to you ? 
  if he talks about the traditional `` values '' of soviet russia than indeed , he 's conserving these quite well . 
  tensions concentrated around western part where the over exagerrated `` nazis '' are still a little , but loud minority . 
  russians , as the sucessors of ussr ( and in a way the russian empire ) saw the whole area of their fading influence as a one country , but many ukrainians ( and others ) have also kind of double identity and nostalgia . 
  this is often a part of political conflict in which a one side seeks closer ties with moscow and the other with europe , to say that 's an etchnic issue is just false . 
  ther 's a wide space for influence and actions between ignoring and invading a country and russia crossed a line behind which there 's no space for further cooperation between both states . 
  they abandoned ukraine , not vice versa and it 's good that you 've mentioned the orange revolution because this reaction is a main difference betwen both events . 
  it 's also not exactly that one side changed for the other because in many cases the people in charge at now have experience of working for the previous administrations , with poroshenko on top . 
  you do n't get my point , i say that russia did n't wanted to violate the territorial integrity of ukraine until recently , not the people . 
  they were ignored by kremlin many times when people in crimea demanded wider autonomy or even secession . 
  it was and probably still is just an issue of military bases for kremlin . 
  the regime changed not for the first time and it was russian invasion which resulted in secession and i repeat , it happened without major fights just because you need two sides for it while a one of them just gave up . 
  loled hard ... 
  if someone do n't get the joke , this phrase could be translated as * `` poland fucks allies in a toilet '' * . 
  ah , in this case i have to agree . 
  that slogan about `` president of all poles '' and image of our presidents is something i ca n't really understand . 
  for example i 've seen polls in which people said that kwa\u015bniewski has better education than kaczy\u0144ski ... 
   conservative movements i never understood why putin is labelled as `` conservative '' , but i guess it works the same as here , everything that someone disagree with is `` fascism '' . 
  it 's true thar pis is refferring to emotions which you described , even if that rhetorics about `` dividing people '' is mostly a cynical slogan of their opponents because the left side has its own type of profiling opponents as crazies or just unintelligent while promoting themselves as the enlighted and progressive `` elite '' . 
   we do n't hear these stuff because you do n't listen to the leftys . 
  i 've heard the same ridiculous complaints about poland , including that comparation to iran . 
   establishment and the citizenry watch out or you 'll end up in a polish death camp . 
   guilt-trip seems to come to an end good , but do n't go too far again ^ ^ ^ please, 
  just because ukraine gaved up and evacuated forces instead of defending its territory . 
  i can tell you that these are the borders of yugoslav federal republics and neither croats , nor serbs likes these , which is also why they fought each other . 
  in opposite to them , czechoslovakia and ussr split peacefully , with several exceptions in case of the latter one , but only just recently russia woke up and decided that they do n't like the borders of ukrainian ssr . 
  russian separatism in donbass has no hisotry . 
  the same as the etchnic issue it was just made up by the russian gov. , i know their propaganda if that 's what you 're asking about and i have pretty good memory of relations under yanukovych , for example . 
  whatever the reason , it 's internal thing of ukraine and if crimea wanted to separate , there 're legal ways to do so . 
  russia could support them , but all it ever wanted were naval bases . 
  ukraine , as every state , has to defend its territory and people die on wars , unfortunatelly . 
  we need more cia prisons ... 
  edit : actually , are you sure people still want comrade kwa\u015bniewski ? 
  do n't know if there were such opinion polls , but his support for political parties recently prooved to be fatal . 
  hyngary looks like poland here and slovakia very similar to czech rep. 
  mi\u0142osz [ corrsed that line ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apxdt9lcyxk ) and my point about adolf was that the artists should n't be presidents , not even kukiz . 
  i should n't , but may i ask what does it mean ? 
  we 've had a one alcoholic president too . 
  he was elected for two terms ... 
  the dude supports putin . 
  i 'm not abstinent and i should n't say a thing about drugs in public ... but i would n't want to be represented by another drinking president , it 's enough we 've had a one . 
  oh and since he was mentioned already , adolf was an artist . 
  moscow always had a potential , which was always wasted by its autocratic and centralised administration . 
  economy based on a one resource is a weakness of russia , it 's totally dependant on its prices . 
  all of the mentioned reason do n't require our support for their expansioninst ambitions , except security , for which russia is a challange that should be finally answered . 
  i agree that terrorism is a danger , but we can deal with it and i highly doubt that slovakia could be a victim of any attack . 
  i have no sympathy for saudi arabia , but it has no interests here . 
  i 'd be more afraid of armed conflict in ukraine and economic collapse which could cause a humanitarian crisis , rising crime and migration of many people , some of which could be dangerous . 
  you 're talking with me , not with `` most of poles '' . 
  this generalisation or attributing emotional issues and `` phoby '' is a poor attempt at dismissing criticism which russian gov tries to use since some time . 
  we 're not talking about history , not even about the relations between russia and poland , which i 'd gladly explain . 
  you do n't offend me , chill out , 
  easy . 
  we ca n't forget it , tolerate criminals and legalise them , this is demoralising and encourage others and this is also what germany did before . 
  there 're laws and we need to enforce them , but as we can see there 're no means to do so when we 're facing so many people storming the borders at once . 
   merkel 's ideas are these ideas hers or yours ? 
  maybe i just missed something , but so far i 've heard only about distibuting quotas of `` refugees '' and some countries were forced to follow it because donald made it a qualified majority vote on a summit . 
  you gave me no other reason than `` relations '' and i 'm asking what we need these for . 
  absolutelly it ca n't be ignored , it should be challanged and opposed because the `` friendly '' way failed . 
  i 've told you in which ways russia is important and none of them really concerns countries as far away as italy or france and i ca n't imagine spain supporting separatism just like they refuse to recognise kosovo . 
  saudis are supporting terrorists in vienna ? 
  since when there are any terrorists there ? 
  yes , usa did many wrong things which do n't excuse anything bad that russia did . 
   russophobes oh please , this martyrologic kremlin rhetorics is just laughtable . 
  i have no emotional relation to russia and i 'm clearly talking about present , not past issues . 
  lots of russians are visiting poland , there 's a visa free movement with kaliningrad ( for what we get constant embargos ) and nobody attacks them . 
  too easy with russia around . 
  syria is in a way a good comparation , except that assad did not negotiated with opposition after cracking down the protests and usa , even if supported them , did not invaded . 
  yugoslavia is a completly different issue , the member states of a federation declared independence and then a separatist region with foreign support . 
  none of territories were annexed by another country . 
  all of that had a long historical background , not suddently made up like in case of `` new russia '' . 
  no , there was no civil war in the making , but more a political fight going the bad way and people which died in kiev were mostly victims of gov services . 
  i do n't buy the russian narration of deligitimizing interim gov and fear mongering , there was no danger for etchnic russians because that was , as i 've said , political conflict , not etchnic . 
  the current political and economic situation of ukraine is irrelevant and in no way excuses russia . 
   nobody there tolerates it and is openly racist about it that 's a bold accusation . 
  no matter that islam is not a race , but believe it or not , there 're muslims around here and some of them since centuries . 
  if these migrants would just came like the others and try to settle down , nobody would even pay attention . 
  this emotional reaction comes from two factors , first of all the way and scale of this immigration which is widely reported by the medias and secondly , behavior of islamists which already settled in western europe . 
  people around here do n't tolerate criminals and they do n't want beggars or ghettos , reaction is anti islamic because religion is often associated with these issues . 
  we 're not shutting down our borders for ukrainians or belarussians , we invite them and encourage to fill the gaps in our work market . 
  still i see no reason to do so . 
  saudi arabia is far way and is not thretening us with nuclear weapons , is not invading our neighbours and does n't bribe german chancellors ( schroeder ) or the other influential politicians . 
  how is saudi arabia a threat for you `` personally '' ? 
  and what would be the exact reason to sanction usa ? 
  it 's our allie in nato and if you mean some of its interventions on behalf of un or invasions then many european countries participated in these as well . 
  there is . 
  we can keep the things as they are , except that we should finally stop listening to russia and their dishonest , cynical criticism of nato . 
  no idea why , but you 're expecting just a one side to meet the expectations of the other , you wants europe to ignore and accept russian politics , but you do n't expect them to do anything in return . 
  if you speak about international relations and geopolitics , that 's how it works , it has to be mutual and if it 's one sided , then a one of these sides is just loosing . 
  saudi arabia and all of the other countries are far awau and are not a danger for security of europe . 
  america is a member of nato and close partner of europe , much more important than russia . 
  once again , this one sided `` normalisation '' was ongoing for the past 26 years , it did n't helped our relations and did n't make russia any less dangerous , it worked the opposite way . 
  so why should just europe be interested to have good relations with russia and ignore their agressive behavior ? 
  if russia is not interested then f. . . it , they need our money and we need their gas and oil , that 's all . 
  annexation of crimea can be unrecognised and it will change nothing . 
  yes , i 'm seriously comparing that because it 's another situation when some illegal actions of moscow are unrecognised .
