  do n't know soljenytsin or chalamov , but i can recommend grudzi\u0144ski . 
  poor trolling . 
  i do n't quite understand this kind of accusations . 
  for many years we were forbidden to talk about these things , the schools , media and the whole leftist regime was indoctrinating people and simply lying about history . 
  when communism finally went bankrupt and the local party split power with opposition it was possible to restore some of the memory and remove the names and monuments of criminals from the public places . 
  still it was not possible to judge any high ranking authority , not to mention these which died already , escaped or lived abroad . 
  do n't know what do you mean by more `` positive '' approach and as for `` neutrality '' it 's just that , facts and i 'm really sorry if many are negative but i see no reason why to censor that once again . 
  if you 're talking about commemorating positive , inspiring and heroic people then it 's also happening after too many years or neglection or censorship . 
  the people are focused even too much on present and future , they 're working and living , really it 's not that they think about german or soviet occupation all the time . 
  every year over a million germans and about 300.000 russians visits poland . 
  how often do you hear that something bad happends to them ? 
  i 've heard nothing , ever . 
  oh and politicians , media and especially internet are full of bs in every language . 
  no , that was in the german partition , since 1908 it was forbidden to talk polish in public meetings , except for the areas with 60 % polish majority and during elections . 
  in russia the public gatherings were usually forbidden in general , if i 'm not mistaken , but it depends when exactly . 
  the schools , offices , courts , administration and even churches were subsequently germanised / russyfied , especially after constant rebellions and uprisings . 
  russia even introduced a special tax for the polish people , so called `` contribution '' as a punishment for rebelling . 
  oh and of course there were expulsions and slave work in sibiria , so called [ katorga ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/katorga ) , but because there were no trains the people usually had to ... walk there . 
  i 've had to miss someting because i have no idea what happened in 2014 . 
  never in my life i 've heard hostile rhetorics , not to mention policies , towards lithuania from our gov or opposition . 
  they 're even ignoring the issues of our minority just not to antagonise lithuania . 
  the `` nazi '' or `` fascist '' insults are abused by the leftists and often used in completely absurd and unrelated situations so it 's not so offensive , or just does n't work like that anymore . 
  not to mention that communists also used a lot of these labels in their propaganda , even against the people that actually were fighting the nazis in poland . 
  recently i 've noticed also that some people gets trigerred when i 'm labelling communism as a `` leftist regime '' , apparently they feel offended or confused . 
  because the same as in most of belarus there was some gothic , renaissance , baroque and other european styles that russia was isolated from until peter the `` great '' . 
  and what kind of influence from the old republic ( i guess you do n't mean present republic of poland ) is in western ukraine ? 
  there 's probably more of that in north western belarus since there 's still some polish population , despite your best efforts . 
  why would i be offended ? 
  if you mean that this union is forgetable then it should n't be , especially when we consider annual joint manoeuvres in belarus and kaliningrad , right next to lithuanian and polish border . 
  how about belarus ? 
  i do n't mean that it 's really dangerous , but it 's in union with russia and shares border with lithuania . 
  so , am i misunderstanding the op question ? 
  anyway , even in this case belarus seems very different , but as i 've aaid i know very little about it . 
  ok , i know there 's also that but the real conflict is about the polish minority and vilnius . 
  that 's quite a bit already and you share also a lot of history , including the part in which southern latvia was duchy of courland and inflanty voivodeship . 
  ok , but they are and they show the peoples ' opinions . 
  ok , assuming that 's the case , the question is if more people shares your opinion and i 'm afraid that 's quite exotic and unknown country . 
  i think that 's just not very common opinion . 
  how ca n't i if that 's clearly not comparable ? 
  also , i think it 's rather related to the interwar situation . 
  so ... all of the bordering regions except for silesia . 
  that 's sad . 
   belarus it 's like a black hole on the map , if you complain that we do n't know much about hungary , which is partly right about every country then what to say about belarus ? 
  slovakia sounds reasonable but still it 's not really familiar . 
  considering all of the news , history , discussions and not just recently i 'd say that ukraine is quite familiar even if many poles have superiority complex or equate all of ukrainians with a pack of nationalists . 
  that 's really nice , but i thought you guys are closer to latvia or even estonia . 
  also i 've seen the opinion polls in which poland is considered second most dangerous country to lithuania , right after russia and there 's quite a lot of anti polish sentiment . 
  there 's over 3 milion people living in pyongyang . 
  you thinks that all of them are `` elite '' ? 
  i know just that all of them are slaves in that communist country anyway and the same as it was in poland under leftist regime , these people allowed to work abroad are the lucky ones even if their regime takes the money . 
  yes , prl was a leftist regime . 
  you mean that party which exists only in reddit ? 
  who cares ? 
  yeah , no excuses , no sentiments or crocodile tears . 
  worse than it is in nk already ? 
  their onnly supplier china seems annoyed now but not enough yet and mind that we 're dealing with a nuclear state run by a madman with terrorised establishment and brainwashed population . 
  a crisis would mean risking milions of lives and if you mean just sanction then they 're already there with results that kim gets drunk with cognac while people are starving . 
  there 's also the point in which the top kim takes their money and gets [ cognac ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fijrcltsuq4 ) . 
  anyway it 's all very controversial , i 'm just sorry for these people but there 's no way in which we could actually improve their lives . 
  not my problem , but watch out to not call communism a `` leftist regime '' because some people gets sad ... 
  yes . 
  success !, 
  ok , it 's not so hard really . 
  just a one quote is misplaced to show why the so so liberal liberal opposition postponed its terribly important meeting . 
  hint : [ do n't believe the hype ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9vqavioejom ) . 
  ... my country has better labour standards than qatar . 
  do you actually understand how marginal and insignificant is the work of few koreans compared to our economy ? 
  it 's a tragedy of these people and benefit for the leftist regime , actually the same was doing the one we 've had barely 25 years ago , for today 's poland it 's no benefit , except for few companies that are collaborating with north korea . 
  yeah , if not just executed ... there 's no good option in here , only bigger and lesser evil and i 'm not sure which is which . 
  man , no offence to bulgaria , but poland is the least corrupted country of eastern europe . 
  that `` fascist '' party did quite a lot to persecute the poor , innocent `` busynessmen '' and supress the `` liberal '' politicians so that they put them on trials and kicked out of offices illegally ( before term ) when they discovered some `` liberals '' fixing the gambling bill on a graveyard with some oligarch ... should i continue about the ilegally recorded conversations , or recorded illegall conversations ? 
  whatever , in every normal country people would be just outraged , but not when every mass media explains how is it wrong to record politicians private conversations . 
  i only remember once eu stopped funds when there was a question about construction of highways , but do n't tell it to the people , they thinks that `` liberals '' are the good guys . 
  edit : bonus video of a [ drunken deputy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l4zpt4olwzk ) from the `` liberal '' party , the defenders of `` democracy '' . 
   if the eu publishes timmermans ' report , poland will again make history by being the first-ever member state to go to stage two of the process , which can end in sanctions . 
  oh no ...  party leaders were due to meet in warsaw on wednesday to discuss the issue . 
  but upon hearing the news from brussels , opposition leaders postponed the meeting until monday afternoon . 
  great idea guys , the * total opposition * ^ ^ tm needs no discussions , nor meetings , they just need to wait for ...  the commission said it would publish its report on monday ( 23 may ) unless ... . 
   the populist kukiz \u201915 aha . 
   liberal liberal party nowoczesna so so very liberal liberal , do n't you ever forget !, 
  any hungarian here can confirm / deny what this strange website says ? 
  for some reason i feel like there was something lost in translation ... 
  if it would be at least healthy then i could somehow stand that awful cheap , oily alcohol taste , but its corrupted with tuberculosis and hiv . 
  you just developed a biological weapon , how could you ? 
  you can say the same about other countries , people and companies . 
  these are private and most of all communist korea `` companies '' that profit and exploit these people , poland only gives work permits and i 'm not even sure if it 's charging taxes . 
  not corrupted enough or too poor to buy mundial 2006 ... but ukrainian oligarch got us euro 2012  ok , seriously podolski is cool . 
  and i 'm not excusing that . 
  i 'm just worried about these people , the whole issue is far more complex and kicking them out of here will not solve their situation , it will only move them somewhere else and still that would be better than slave work in communist korea . 
  i do n't really care about your expectations , especially if `` western countries '' gladly makes deals with all of these mena islamic regimes and never complains officially . 
  yeah , it was just a joke with kodak , but still it 's a part of dnipro history . 
  i 've had no idea , but felix monument was a one of the communist simbols in centre of warsaw that was constantly devastated , people were paiting his hands with bloody red paint and finally when communism `` collapsed '' in 1989 there was a [ demolition party ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/xb6vsb_20-lat-wiadomosci-tvp-zburzenie-pom_shortfilms ) . 
  it reminds me in a way the demolition of lenin monuments in ukraine now , i was actually shocked that they were still there after so many years since the `` collpase '' of ussr . 
  i was never to uk , but i 've had some hard times in high school and i 'm hardly obedient or a weak guy . 
  i guess most of people have to face some challanges and i really ca n't talk for this girl , i just say that someone should investigate it before making some theories based on 2 years old comments on some social network . 
  except that i 've never said what 's morally acceptable . 
  just get real ... if not here then they 'll be sent to china , russia or uae and you ca n't do a shit about that . 
  so , sure it 's nice and easy to kick them out and feel morally superior just to forget what 's happening somewhere else . 
  i 'm sure they are as well as there 're many excuses for bullying kids at school , everywhere . 
  i 'm not implying anything , it just seems far fetched to imply connection .
