  and this is also why i 'm not afraid of it . 
  pity that the people that were enslaved by nazis and communists were n't given that choice . 
  so what if stalin finally released them if they 've had no other way to survive but to go to the polish army which was sharing its little food supplies with them ? 
  do you thinks they 've had an option to leave and go to some rich , neutral country which would give them some social benefits ? 
  the `` refugees '' themselves do n't want to go to poland , as they did n't wanted to stay in turkey , greece , serbia , hungary , croatia and austria ... they even do n't want to stay in france and gathers in calais just to cross the channel to britain . 
  do i complain about `` islamisation '' of poland ? 
  is it me who complains here ? 
  most of those gulag survivors , including women and children , joined army . 
  they were n't just fleeding war but camps in which they were exploit and killed by the far lefty regime . 
  it 's just you who 's pathetic , trying to make false comparations and manipulating just to support your political ideas . 
  12k actually . 
  about 90k chechens came to poland in 90s , now there 's about a million of ukrainian `` refugees '' and every willing syrian is welcomed in thousands of catholic churches and parishes . 
  the problem is that those few which came , were granted accomodation and even jobs ... escaped to germany at night . 
  great idea , the people do n't know about the etchnic policies of soviet union . 
  gulag survivors should be remembered . 
  allied propaganda could n't blame its allies , so instead of that they made newsreels like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qzwczamqgle ) . 
  it was n't known even during the cold wat and soviet occupied poland could n't take care of it . 
  most of these people ended up in british colonies and dominions in africa , some were moved to canada or austrialia and new zealand invited about 700 children from these camps in india , [ here 's ] ( http://www.nzonscreen.com/title/the-story-of-seven-hundred-polish-children-1966 ) a short video about their arrival . 
  [ god , i hate women ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0rhltx9r2la ), 
  fun fact , a khan of crimea once tried run in the [ royal elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_elections_in_poland ) . 
  never heard about it before , but i 'm reading about it at now . 
  it was the idea of just and only duke alexander from krak\u00f3w they were `` expelled '' to kazimierz , right next to the city , today it 's just a neighborhood . 
  most of cities had separate districts for different religious and etchnic groups , which were settled or resettled by `` privillages '' given by the authorities . 
  that 's interesting , i thought that was the local hussite movement with some ostrogski ( illia or fedor , do n't remember now ) involved . 
  kinda , but different and confusing from our pov . 
  it was also reserved for the nobility . 
  big deal , the same happened in greater poland after the battle of uj\u015bcie , even sobieski joined the swedish side for some time . 
  the people then had a `` strange '' idea of their nationality and they could switch sides anytime it was comfortable for their interests . 
   various jewish expulsions you mean in poland ? 
  never heard about any and as far as i know the only religious group expelled was the polish brethern , antitrinitrians . 
  in the times of reformation people were converting back and forth , most of catholics in present belarus converted to kalvinism first from orthodoxy . 
  lets not forget also the hussite movement , which was also popular in poland and especially in ru\u015b , thanks to them the icon of blcak madonna has scars on her face . 
  both ways , before integration of duchy of masovia these dukes granted nobility to about 40 % of their subjects . 
  also some citizens of royal cities could be granted nobility and there were few examples of pesants upgraded to this position . 
  at some point of time protestants represented majority in parliament , sometimes orthodox chritians . 
  jews had their own parliament ( council of four lands ) , since xiiic and statute of kalisz they were self governing and they 've had special rights in the courts . 
  statute is translated to english and it sounds funny today , but still it 's interesting . 
  so which are the policies towards russia that i was talking about ? 
  i guess foreign , but again you ignores that and repeats some myths from russian proaganda . 
  imagine that negative reactions to their politics are not just emotional or `` crazy '' and you ca n't just dismiss criticism so easy ... our foreign politics is again directed towards the region and post soviet area , which is obviously against the russian interests , but i really do n't care about their imperial ambitions . 
  this is the point here , not some `` hate '' , it 's just in our interest to be surrounded by weak , but independent countries and keep moscow as far as possible . 
  the policy of `` normalising '' relations worked as i 've said the opposite way , now they went too far with their actions against ukraine and their agressive politics ca n't be ignored or appeased anymore . 
  confronting all the time ? 
  you seems to know very little about our politics so i gave you some examples , why do n't you consider that instead of some simplified myths ? 
  no idea what do you expect us to do , but it seems like you have no expectations for russia and thinks we can have positive relations when they obviously refuse to take a step back and do anything to improove their relations . 
  whineing and thretening does n't work . 
  yeah , no point in discussing ... come on . 
  no matter the different opinions , but invasion on ukraine was a one step too far and you ca n't expect anything else but negative reactions , especially from the neighboring countries such as poland or baltic states . 
  history is a different issue . 
  the previous gov tried to `` normalise '' relations with russia , pushed idea of free trade zone with kaliningrad through eu , resigned from american abm , allowed russians ( also belarussians and ukrainians ) to study in poland for free and made alot of simbolic gestures , not to mention complete neglection of investigation into the crash of gov plane with president and whole general staff on board ... 
  in return russia was imposing constant embargos on our products , deployed ballistic missiles in kaliningrad , rised prices for gas and oil , conducted provocative manouevres with belarus on our border , thretened and just insulted us . 
  no idea what they wants from us , but it looks like nothing works and if they do n't want to have positive relations with their neighbours , but rather threten and invade them , then they should n't cry when people oppose them . 
  i do n't care about their excuses , the fact is that their army invaded georgia and ukraine , annexed their territories and created puppet separatist states . 
  should these countries be thankful that russia did n't just fully annexed them ? 
  do n't be ridiculous ... germans are not our `` buddies '' , but the difference is that they condemn their crimes and educate people what was wrong about that . 
  russians for the other hand suffer for superiority complex and refuse to admit their faults , instead of that they boast and promote the mythology of `` patriotic war '' and consider themselves as `` liberators '' . 
  they just repeat the soviet propaganda . 
  do you remember what they were saying recently about invasion of czechoslovakia in 1968 ? 
  so when are they going to deliver the spanish and romanian gold reserves ? 
  also you just ignored what i 've said about embargos and prices for their gas and oil , but you still insist that 's a reliable trading partner just because they actually sells what we 're buying ... 
  it was just because of oil terminal in gda\u0144sk and saudi tankers what made them to sign a more reasonable contract recently and hopefully the lng terminal will work the same for gas . 
  really it 's pathetic when they 're playing victims , the important topics are their invasions of georgia and especially ukraine , which is also your neighbour and they should n't be surprised about reaction . 
  constant threats and just primitive insults of their `` diplomats '' are the same unimportant as their whineing about nato or that `` phoby '' . 
  so it 's still about that mythical `` russophobia '' ... 
  i thought that people got smarter after invasion of ukraine and they do n't buy this primitive propaganda . 
  as for economic interests , dealing with a country like russia is risky and inpredictable , they were setting and lifting food embargos on poland many times in the past decade , this time we were prepared . 
  moreover , the exports never were as good as they 're at now because the other markets are more valuable and russia is just big country with pathetic standards where you could sell the worst crap . 
  it 's the same way with gas and oil , the only things they 're exporting , it 's unstable market , completly controlled and serving their politics which is forcing on us the highest prices in eu . 
  i will never forgive the stupid and corrupted post communists which abandoned the contract for norvegian pipeline , now impossible to construct thanks to chancellor schroeder and his gazprom sponsors . 
  say ... nationalizing retirement funds ? 
  i 'm not supporting any additional taxes ( do n't know much details about this one anyway ) or the style in which this gov rules , but the reactions are hysteric and ridiculous and most of all driven by the cynical interests of some politicians , serving the foreign interests . 
  also , forgive me if i 'm not delusional to believe that european parties are something more than just armies led by generals , it never was an issue forcing them to obey the orders and no consultations ever made a difference . 
  at least in this point pis is honest , they do n't make excuses or false impressions , it 's all about power and about using it to enforce their politics . 
  how about something that really happened ? 
  nationalisation of private retirement funds ( which were also a scam made by buzek , balcerowicz and petru ) was sued to the constitutional court and these judges let it slide . 
  do i need to remind you how forbes reacred ? 
  what anti eu rhetorics ? 
  they promised taxes for banks , which also exists almost in every european country , in some of them much higher and they passed it . 
  what 's unpredictable about a gov which fulfills its promises ? 
  i 'm not happy about what they do with constitutional court , but this , as well as constitution itself is not about specyfic laws which can affect the markets . 
  yes , but even worse is that ridiculous smear campaign of the `` liberals '' . 
  nobody would really care about some local politics if the internatioanal institutions and mass medias would n't be exploit for that . 
  anyway , the fact is that s&p decreased rating of poland just for political reasons , no matter what we thinks about it , but for the sake of poland i hope that investors will not be as biased and unreasonable to ignore the objective economic factors . 
  what do you mean there 's no longer control over the passed law ? 
  parliament is the legislative body and the ruling party has a stable majority in there , without any coalitions . 
  that 's how the law is controlled in representative democracy ... do n't get me wrong , i dislike the style in which they 're governing , but there 's no suprise in their decissions . 
  in opposite to the `` liberal '' party they 're just fulfilling their ( quite populist ) promises . 
  it 's not like they 're suddently passing a new special tax just for a one copper mining company over night and foreign minister tweets about it a day before so his buddies can make a buck on stock exchange ... 
  the budget will suffer especially because of this rating . 
  s&p did a great job about goldam sachs and few more , so i 'd rather think twice before considering their opinions . 
  he was talking about monetary institutions so i gave him example , but i guess that was a conversation of two patriotic statesmen caring about the condition of the country , or at least that 's how the `` liberal '' medias explained it . 
  the populist ideas of pis are something else , they were clear since a long time and again , it 's nothing unusuall in europe . 
  you mean the interference like recorded conversations between the former internal minister and president of national bank ? 
  the fiscal policy is nothing extraoridinaty if you consider that most of european countries are taxing banks and supermarkets . 
  edit : dear downvoters , do you really thinks that everybody forgot about those leaked tapes ? 
  i 'm sorry , but corruption was a one of the reasons why poles decided to abandon the party of donald and he abandoned poland . 
  it 's not an idiom , but a quote from sienkiewicz book . 
  yeah , except that i do n't hear people complaning about hundrets of thousands ( up to million ) ukrainians , employers actually complain about lacking workforce . 
  the difference is that ukrainians usually knows how to behave and they can communicate because of similar language so nobody really noticed their influx . 
  and no , we 're not fine with brain drain and emmigration of about two millions young people in the past ten years since we joined eu .
