  you 've seen the reaction for `` brexit '' , a meeting of the fms of founding members ... our fm invited each and every fm for a meeting in warsaw at monday and both french and german fms were present at v4 summit in prague . 
  forgive my ignorance , but which actions you 're talking about ? 
  and merkel is a member of `` christian '' democratic party , so ? 
  these are just empty labels . 
  let me guess , their `` conservative '' policies include gender `` mainstreamining '' ( or whatever that engineering is called ) , feminism , gay `` rights '' and of course euro internationalism ? 
  thanks guys , wish that the eu `` core '' states would be as much reliable allies as you and the brits are . 
   conservatives it 's funny how every moderate progressive party ( or just cynical opportunist epp bunch ) is labelled as `` conservative '' in eu , but only by the leftists and just when they does something wrong . 
   rolled the dice so democratic elections and referendims are gamble now ? 
  i guess that every loser says the same , it 's always easier to blame the fate . 
  i do n't say that this drunk comedian is guilty of anything , i just say that the whole `` elite '' that he belongs to is responsible because they 're in charge . 
  sorry but repeating the points made up by the lefty mass media , even after the vote , is the same foolish as making up such grotesque and radical `` arguments '' like dissolving eu ... 
  it 's not that simple and this needs more time and work than just to insult politicials and people which votes `` incorrectly '' . 
  there 's no way you can force your utopic federation if everybody except for a pack of lefty journalists and `` elites '' oppose it , you 're just going to antagonise more people with this arrogant approach and turn them into the opposite extreme which indeed means destruction of eu . 
  yeah ... you do n't get a thing of what i say , but keep fooling around . 
  take it easy , they 'll accept reality in few days , or weeks ... 
  my point is that if there would be such an `` overthrow '' prepared , that could be a long time ago when there were many ocassions and much stronger opposition , even if still quite weak . 
  moscow could organise many things because in opposite to the `` west '' or poland it has quite a lot of supporters and influence in the country . 
  still i hardly doubt it has any interest to replace lukashenko , but i 'm sure they 're prepared for every scenario . 
  the article ( or doctrine ) actually does n't point to an exact direction and could be as well a `` hybrid war '' against the polish minority , which they already exercised with moscow few years ago . 
   euphemism for a western supported overthrow of the government goverment which is euphemism for a post soviet leadership , usually brutal and corrupted with disputed legitimacy and thin popular support . 
  nobody makes it a secret that the `` west '' and poland supports the belarussian opposition , or supported when they ment anything , hosts people ( mostly students ) that were punished for protesting and supports their media . 
  these `` revolutions '' are just protests , usually against suspected election fraud , demanding fair elections to `` overthrow '' that regime and usually supressed in a brutal way . 
  lukashenko many times faced such protests but it seems that did n't worked so i hardly doubt that would happened at now if it 's quite calm in recent years . 
  thanks for an instant downvote . 
  no , we do n't get any money to the budget , these are the funds that we have to applie for and spend at least 25 % of the investment costs which is also driving our local goverments into terrible debts . 
   only reason there 's some development you must be kidding me . 
  do as you wish , we do n't make the rules and if you give money then we take , who would n't ? 
  the same were under the previous gov and the same the ruling party and its media were ignoring or ridiculing them . 
  i wonder , why then the german and other media were n't showing these people ? 
   2-2 ,5 % of gdp it does n't work like that and you know it , not to mention that in 2016 poland will be net contributor ( just for a year ) and trust me , it 's not going to slow our gdp growth but rather dissolving eu and escaping uk will cost us all a bit . 
  we do n't really need your money and we 're not going to be blackmailed into following your political agenda . 
   i 've a lot of confidence the core members will continue the project you obviously was n't checking the [ opinion polls ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/ ) recently . 
  you people are seriously irrational and obsessed with that utopic project and this is what 's going to destroy eu , one after another western member state will organise referendum , sooner or later if this continues . 
  he 's responsible as much as the whole ruling coalition of epp , socialists and `` liberals '' but we do n't need any desperate and unpredictable moves at now . 
  these people should really think again about the whole strategy and direction that they were leading eu in the last decade . 
  they should finally look at the opinion polls and react because preventing referendums is not going to work forever . 
  you really ca n't find a better example in the age of whatsapp and skype ? 
  how about all of this bullshit regulatiuons , limits and countless amount of wasted taxpayers money for simbolic , meaningless and powerless emps ? 
  was you ever wondering why is that , why people feel no connection to that ep , why they do n't feel represented ? 
  i guess we need more propaganda because that worked so well for all of these years ... 
   your overlord grow up . 
  yeah , right . 
  start in whichever way you wants , the fact remains that ard and dw are not any `` ngo run media '' and everybody 's forced to sponsor them . 
  you started with that national socialist bullshit . 
  i do n't miss any part of it , i just do n't take these declarations of `` independence '' seriously . 
  do n't be childish , i do n't need empty and false advertisements . 
  the left is just complaining that british made a democratic referendum or that people elected some incorrect party in poland ... 
  the freedom of speech is getting more and more limited , even on this sub the censorship is ridiculous . 
  communism is leftist and your personal opinions or ideologic beliefs will not change this fact . 
   too early this is also somthing i do n't like about the `` progressive '' propaganda . 
  the future is not pre determined and there 's no point to follow a one strategy just because someone says there 's no choice , it 's irrational and utopist on a borderline of religious culth . 
  first of all everybody should shut up , calm down and think instead of taking childish `` revange '' on uk and desperatelly trying to make this or the other treaty . 
  i also wish that eu would reform itself more into the opposite than usuall direction and start from there because something went terribly wrong on a way but there 're too big powers and interests behind single currency and ever more centralised power . 
  thanks for this article ( the second does not criticize any gov but parliament after some watchdog ) . 
  it 's really rare example and my `` preconceived '' opinion comes after years of reading and watching dw which is predominatelly leftist , internationalist and almost never opposing german gov and eu . 
  the gov earns no money , it takes money from the people and spends for something like `` public '' media in this case . 
  the people have no choice . 
  still , no example of dw criticising german gov or eu . 
  so what 's that * `` independent public administration '' * if not a * `` functional equivalent of a state '' * ? 
  were n't the national socialist media paid by the * `` broadcasting fee everyone has to pay '' * ( totally not taxes ) ? 
  on the other hand you 're showing your bias and , like most of people around here you do n't really like democracy or free market when people are choosing ideas , products and parties that you do n't like . 
  it is the same , you just believe that 's something better but still you failed to give me what i was asking for and proove that they can report about something uncomfortable for their sponsors and comrades . 
   the budget comes primarily from the licence fees every household , every company and even every public institution like city governments are required to pay . 
  for an ordinary household the fee is currently $ 17.50 per month . 
  totally not taxes , right . 
   broadcasting fee ** everyone has to pay **, 
  every media is dependant on its sponsors , in case of `` public '' media the money comes from forced taxpayers but they 're controlled by the state and its services . 
  show me a one , single example of dw criticising the german gov or eu . 
   ngo-run media like deutsche welle owned by ard , german state media paid from taxes . 
  that 's not very bright side and i 'm trying to avoid jokes since i was alrerady banned twice for joking about aborting people and captain sweden . 
   democratically elected there 's no single european demos or a nation , already existing ep is useless and unpopular , the elections to it have the lowest turnout in each and every member state . 
  in which way ? 
  please , divide at least by two every paranoid bullshit you hear about poland now . 
  the guns are very hard to get and it 's a one of the most demilitarized countries in europe . 
  mod wants indeed to create a national guard , or rather organise and control already existing groups of volunteers which were created in reaction to invasion of ukraine , without and political or gov support . 
  of course that 's bad , as everything patriotic in the eyes of leftist nuts which consider patriotism and national identity as nazism . 
  eu is not everything , there 's also nato and it 's true that britain is our closest allie which actually sends some serious forces to exercise in poland , in opposite to france and germany . 
   in fact the french rejected the then `` eu constitution '' back in 2005 and still it was enforced as a lisbon treaty and just the irish were asked if they wants it , twice because they voted incorrectly at first . 
  so , who cares about the people , elections and referendums if you can force , bribe or blackmail the ruling `` elites '' ? 
  stupid cameron asked stupid old people and look what happened ? 
  if that 's just rhetorics then who do they wants to convince if most of people even in france and germany are against it ? 
  i agree this is not a serious propsal and i think that 's not the real intention because it 's clear that will fail but , how is that going to `` save the day '' ? 
  neither the new old idea of french and german fms ( which is similar in case of single army ) is honest and it 's not going to change anything , the whole reaction to uk secession is just ridiculously childish . 
  now enforcing even more `` integration '' will only backfire at these internationalist fools . 
  razem has 2 or 3 % support ? 
  it seems that their supporters are just on reddit ... 
  there 're hundrets of such parties . 
  you know very well what i mean but there 're also post communists in almost every party and it 's just laughatable when i see for example kwa\u015bniewski or cimoszewicz fearmongering and complaining that some `` regime '' was elected . 
  like `` extreme far left '' which ca n't accept results of elections and referendums when according to them an `` extreme right wing '' party wins ? 
  edit : you have also clearly communist parties in almost every western european country , even some top officials of eu were members of maoist ( barosso ) or communist ( ashton ) parties . 
  so , the communists are not * treated outise of standard politics * they 're very much standard now . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  communism is leftist , even the leftist parties in eastern europe are direct sucessors to the communist party . 
  so , who called this guy `` eurosceptic '' again ? 
  these labels and repeating `` populist '' in every second sentence is really shallow and does n't explain anything . 
   instead of learning why they voted this way and what they want from their leaders , you just label them as `` worse than me '' you seems to be new around here . 
  ok but where did you get the idea that they 've coopareted with ukip ? 
  sure , donald and his gov tried to `` normalise '' relations with moscow after the evil and phobic gov of pis was `` sabre rattling '' and then against the demonic president from the wrong party ( and twin brother lech kaczy\u0144ski ) . 
  pis supported the orange revolution in ukraine and rose revolution in georgia , strongly opposed the russian invasion in 2008 . 
  so , donald and `` liberals '' changed direction of our foreign politics , sucked up to angela and vladimir by giving him some nice trade deals , so nice that a one ( 30 years of gazprom sucking ) was prohibited by ec , opening free trade and visa free movement for kaliningrad ... should i continue ?
