  how can you `` hold '' the strike ? 
  you do n't get the idea of mad deterrence but you 're trying to convince me how poor , little russia is endagered by everybody ? 
  you makes no sense , we do n't whine that moscow wants to stop our defensive capabilities , not to mention that it ca n't do so and nato was listening to it for too long with opposite effects . 
  i 'm not wondering because i know that moscow does n't really care about abm , not as much as about radar or the very presence of americans around and anything that undermines fictional already influence of the fallen empire . 
  you know what i mean , but you keep asking even when the second part of sentence keeps the answer . 
   better to be safe , than live in a post nuclear armageddon i 'm glad you understand how useful can be abm . 
  what 's your point ? 
  no , they do n't want russia . 
  you 're funny . 
  i guess that 's why moscow took its nukes from ukraine and other puppet states designated to be sacrificed nuclear waste in case of war . 
  unfortunatelly very modest defences incapable of holding russian first strike . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  besides that this abm is completely defenceles against mirvs , icbm and other long range missiles , it 's also too little to stop the massive numbers of nuclear missiles in russian arsenal . 
  the funniest part of your story is `` russophobia '' in the `` west '' while a brief look at russian gov propaganda gives an image of people obsessed with hate of usa and contempt to eu . 
  we both have net , we both can see that message , comments and designated reaction of the people . 
  i 'm sure russia has some already there , not to mention that it 's proudly constructing these subs all the time and somehow nobody whine ... moscow should just build ( expand ) its own abm if that 's such a big and powerfull thing and apparently everybody wants to invade and nuke it . 
  no , that 's not called that and it 's another unrealted comment . 
  invasion is exactly what happened in crimea and i 'm telling you again that this changed relations between russia , eu and nato . 
  what military on which border ? 
  what the f. . . are you talking about again ? 
  russia invaded ukraine , eu and nato reacted , face the facts and learn to live with consequences of your actions . 
  and stop making up crazy stories to excuse it . 
  that does not depend on me , but if i could choose , i 'd say that every country should be developing defences against nuclear weapons instead of developing the actual nukes . 
  as for now russia is rebuilding its nuclear arsenal while nato develops defences , call it a race if you wish and call me whatever you likes . 
  how can i answer why some people confuse abm with sam ? 
  they surely do n't confuse offensive with defensive weapons , unlike kremlin . 
  do n't be childish . 
  no , they were arrested for a banner , the rest is just some wild guess . 
  there 're no nato bases in ukraine and we both know it . 
  stop making up bullshit and repeating retarded kremlin propaganda . 
  lets not pretend that every gay is arrested for nothing , ok ? 
  and of course there 're people being detained for banners or even t-shirts and not just in russia , you just do n't hear about it . 
  i do n't believe that the french gov tv did n't know the real story behind this arrest , they deliberatelly ommited this information . 
  $ for meads to the program `` narew '' and another 18 bln . 
  $ for `` patriots '' to the program `` vistula '' . 
  lithuania 's annual military budged is about 700 million $ , poland expediture is 9.2 billion $ ... sweden is 6.4 bln $ ( 2012 ) . 
  depends how you define it , that was a frozen conflict ongoing since two wars in 90s with a one side supplied and led by the russian `` peace keeprs '' . 
  when the old soviet puppet shevardnadze was removed the truce violations resumed and russia imposed several sanctions and embargos . 
  georgia did not started it , they just launched an offensive against a separatist region and then russia invaded it claiming that as a `` peace keeping '' mission . 
  do n't think so . 
  what interest can have the `` west '' in ukraine which is bankrupt , corrupted , disorganised and with a territorial dispute with russia ? 
  putin decided to scorch the land if he could n't control it . 
  why france24 did not report on the real reason for this arrest and how often do you hear that somone got detained for political banner ? 
  it looks to me like a cheap clickbait journalism rather than any `` conspriracy '' . 
   it 's illegal in russia for 2 or more individuals to picket without approval from the state . 
  but who cares about freedom of speech . . 
  exactly because who would care about it if that will not be about gays ? 
  i assume you 've never heard about homosexualist demonstrations in russia , they are not illegal , just not allowed by the mayor of moscow since years which is of course violation of civic ( not just gay ) rights the same as in case of other , not allowed demonstrations that again , nobody cares about . 
  it makes it very not ok , but if these people would not be gay then nobody will care or report about it . 
  shhh do n't destroy the circlejerk . 
  so russia is angry , tell me something new . 
  and yeah , we have reasons to be concerned about their first strike capabilities and we will develop systems of defence no matter if they 're agry or not . 
  as i 've said , its defensive purpose is the same , to track and neutralise potential danger . 
  i do n't see a reason why russia gets angry again and again or why should we give a f. . . about their anger . 
  this gov got the vote of confidence in november 18 . 
  it was not `` overseen '' by anybody , i remember reading about it many years ago , but apparently then the pro gov `` journalists '' did not dare to ask unconfortable questions on press conferrences . 
  there'as no balance , both sides have different numbers of nuclear weapons and different vessels for them . 
  if moscow say that abm is so powerful , then it can build its own instead of producing new nuclear capable rockets and deploying them in kaliningrad or crimea . 
  few comments ridicule the narration build by kremlin , others repeat it . 
  btw . 
  that 's nato missile defence system covering europe from spain to romania and if you really wants to know how 's that related then it 's obviously defence , but in this case that 's just polish ( and maybe baltic also ) . 
  and who says that 's related ? 
  no offence really , as i wrote in another comment it would be better to make a common program with the whole alliance , just like baltic air patrolling . 
  how can we actually defend baltics if we do n't have that anti aircraft / anti rocket defences yet and when we get everything done , still it will not be enough to defend whole poland . 
  i doubt if they can . 
  maybe it would be better to do it like in case of air patrolling , share the responsibility amongst the whole alliance . 
  they are n't , it 's probably the only major newspaper which does n't take sides and does n't mind to criticise both . 
  me too , but that would mean probably the same again ... poland will pay for everything and we do n't even have our own anti rocket and anti aircraft defences , only system of radars developed in `` narew '' program and plans to get meads ( hopefully ) . 
  i do n't mind protecting baltics , but we should think about our defences in the first place . 
  not anymore , since january gov is not giving them work visas . 
  `` rzeczpospolita '' is probably the least `` tabloidized '' newspaper in poland and it 's also quite neutral ( with conservative columnists ) in opposite to most of the others . 
  ca n't find the original article now so ca n't judge it but if they write that 's possible , then there 's a reason to do so . 
  and which ruler would ** not ** be tied to that leftist regime if there was almost no organised opposition and the few dissidents were harrased and persecuted ? 
  look at central asia where every ruler was just a leader of ssr and stays in power since about 30 years , even belarus and ukraine is like that , every oligarch or `` politician '' is just a former communist party member or another official . 
  also , putin could be as well replaced by a far worse person and there 're such people on kremlin and around . 
  best game so far , equal level but italy dominated the score and defence . 
  do n't know if you noticed , but until quite late there were almost no fouls and no cards . 
  the first half was extended by just a one minute . 
  there 're happening this kind of things and it 's a shame , but not this time in france , at least so far ... games like russia - poland are high risk and then the warsaw authorities failed when they allowed russians to march and demonstrate in city centre . 
  but , noone was fighting in the stadiums and that 's really a huge failure of your services . 
  it 's not like russia discovered football hooligans or le front nationale and the rise of `` extreme '' ideas is always reaction to the failure of `` mainstream '' politics and economic or the other social issues . 
   private ones are crap not anymore . 
   new government-funded `` gender neutral '' uniform policies such a great victory of progress . 
  i wonder how much was spent for someone who discovered that there 's a dress code in already uniformed schools . 
  next step `` gender neutral '' army , lets scare theese bad guys terrorists with our tolerance . 
  very funny , but it 's really cute that i 'm `` known '' . 
  i know you mean that people built too many churches . 
  that 's your opinion and their right . 
  where were the nato bases build in ukraine ? 
  when and which units of nato were `` running around the country '' ? 
  there was no military tension or threats until russia invaded ukraine and annexed cimea . 
  still , nato did not moved in . 
  i know the propaganda of `` progress '' but i 'm obviously laughing at martyrolgic narration of these people which is the only embarassing thing here . 
   100 m long line on my hometown 's map that 's a one big map . 
  ah so , should i get angry now ? 
  why would i be angry ? 
  and why these men are butthurted about the whole world ? 
  yeah , i look at these pictures from homosexualist demonstrations and all i see are poor , socially excluded ~ ~ weirdos ~ ~ victims of society and nature . 
  so sad . 
  you obviously have no idea about politicians ... do you even follow the current us presidential campaign ?
