  there 's a discussion in poland about accepting 300 families of syrian christians , which applied for refugee . 
  it was rised during the presidential debates . 
  personally i think we should help these people since they 're being persecuted by the islamist extremists , if they 're going to stay in there ... they 'd be most likely massacred just like the others . 
  the muslim people which are coming to italy or greece are mostly fleeding the poverty and wars , but they 're not discrimnated in their homelands . 
  besides , since it was the american idea to mess in lybia , they should also help the victims of their policies . 
  btw . 
  why are the rich islamist countries , like saudi arabia for example , not opening their borders to help their fellow muslims ? 
  ehh i understand it 's hard , but just face the reality , baltic states are weak becouse they 're little and poor , you can not afford a proper military to defend yourselve . 
  poland is weak as well , but it 's just big and it does n't matter if we have the strongest military in central europe if it 's still nothing compared to russia or germany . 
  this is why we all need a strong alliance . 
  he said if `` we '' ever stop whineing , or something . 
  i repeat , the international socialists have no nationality , you 're just wrong to distinguish them . 
  also you 're naive enough to belive in the honesty of their intentions , especially if you have an exampe of their regime right next to your border . 
  all of those utopic ideas that you 're talking about exists just in their propaganda and imagination of their blind followers , the reality was completly different . 
  ... baltic states were as well rural countries . 
  no idea if you 're really unaware of these `` progressive '' ideas and communist internationale , or you 're just a beliver of this utopic lunacy . 
  anyway , this murderous ideology is bankrupt , the countries which followed it or were forced to do so are poor , exploit and weak . 
  those which could resist are doing far better and you should be glad that finnland was never `` liberated '' by these madmans . 
  you have to be seriously naive , or just misinformed . 
  there was no such thing like `` local '' communists , all of them were responsible before the komintern and stalin himselve and none of them respected any `` bacward '' ideas such as independent states . 
  this is what internationalism is about . 
   did n't have anything the policies of communist regime would be as well implemented in the countries they 'd conquare , it has everything to do with their activity and the resistance against them . 
  ... germany was advocating for acession of these `` third world '' states to nato and eu . 
  the `` influence '' of eu in ukraine was as well a decission of ukrainians as it was in case of the other countries . 
  without a popular support they 'd be back in the russian `` union '' , as well as the other post communist countries would be dependent on them if the people would n't want something else . 
  then you 'd be a frontline , again . 
  btw . 
  if you still do n't know it , the term `` third world '' was coined during the cold war for the neutral countries . 
  there 're treaties about proliferation of medium and long distance rockets in this area . 
  your journalists ( i think that was spiegel ) were writing several years ago that german territory is in range of these iskanders . 
  also if that 's the russian territory , which is obviously true , then why the others ca n't do whatever they want on their own territories ? 
  i know at least what you 're saying . 
  your idea about the communists is highly idealised and very far from reality . 
  and no , you do n't understand what was going on . 
  what `` working class '' in russia ? 
  communism failed in the industrialised states , it was enforced on the rural ones and that 's why this criminal lenin made up some `` marxism-lenininsm '' . 
  no , not just `` exile '' of the elites , but eliminationm and replacement with the worst scum . 
   witchhunts for communists and that 's very good . 
  no state can tolerate foreign agents , terrorists and massmurders . 
  ... tens of millions of ukrainian , russian and other farmers were persecuted and eventually died . 
  workers were mostly slave laborers and during the purges there were targeted etchnic minorities as `` foreign agents '' . 
  this is a good enough reason for a `` witchhunt '' against the soviet internationale . 
   exile to siberia was very understandable as i thought , you 're just the same insane as all the left extremists are . 
   self-professed the so called `` october revolution '' was just a military coup of lenin , there were few workers in russia and even fewer voted for the bolsheviks . 
   but the social inequality did kill a lot of people , too . 
  no idea about the baltic states , but poland was ruled by the socialists . 
  their first decissions after declaring independence was 8 hours work day , voting rights for women and many more , also it was not allowed to hire childeren . 
  also it was not just the `` upper class '' which was being persecuted by the soviets , the workers and farmers were exploited even harder , not to mention the slave labour and femines which resulted in tens of millions casualties . 
  you can not excuse their crimes with the social `` inequality '' , unless you 're a communist as well . 
  it 's a mstake to equate everything like some people tends to do here , there 're differences between religions and people and there 're always conflicts between them . 
  we can also do a one more thing ... to not destroy and destabilise culturally alien countries , but rather help them . 
  the people are migrating for a reason and it 's usually the economy or security . 
  in theory . 
  it was similar during the war with bolsheviks , they were able to cross the borders and enforce whatever they wanted on lithuania . 
  ok , with whole respect and undrstanding , you can not afford serious airforce and the only one tank in baltics is latvian t-72 for training purposes . 
  thanks , no such info in polish wiki , just that it was given to lithuania in october . 
  central asia is ruled by `` presidents '' for life , either former rulers of soviet republics , or just connected . 
  i doubt then need to be `` bullied '' . 
  few americans will change nothing if the shit hits the fan . 
  baltics are completly defenceless , they have no armed , nor the air forces , all they can hope for would be not so brutal occupation . 
  lets hope it will never come to that . 
  never heard of that , but i know there was a project of litbel after wwi . 
  that 's just what i was reading long time ago , if i remember well . 
  they 've had all the countries infiltrated anyway , if they have n't actually called to moscow and killed all of the local communists during the purges . 
  i thought their army was already there when lithuania was given vilnius . 
  mommy , nato surrounds me ;( listen you piece of crap , we 're not afraid of you , we 're just disgusted . 
  ehhh you do n't get what i 'm talking about . 
  please , go to north korea where religion is banned and leave the others alone , we do n't need religious wars or communism . 
  never again . 
  i guess every country in this region shares the same experiences . 
  about a 1.7 million people forcefully deported from eastern poland were granted `` amnesty '' ( they were `` criminals '' of course ) after german invasion of ussr and re-establishment of diplomatic relations . 
  they made up an army and together with civillians ( mostly children ) were eventually evacuated to iran , from there the military went through the whole middle east and north africa to fight in italy . 
  children and many women ended up in british colonies , in india or africa . 
  it 's not possible to estimate how many died in meantime . 
  the crimes of the communists and soviets in particular are still quite unknown and unrecognised , many people just see it through the victory over the other horrible regime and ignore or excuse everything else . 
  russia ca n't deal with its grim past , but what is worse , it 's repeating the same excuses from war propaganda and turining the next generations against its neighbours . 
   muslims begin to dislike europe and that 's why they 're desperatelly migrating into it ? 
  save this preeching for the islamic `` state '' , muslim brotherhood and others who ca n't live side by side with christians in middle east . 
  you know there are alien `` civilisations '' on earth that actually did it ? 
  just in xxc they caused far more wars and suffering than any religion ever did . 
  ... yeah , lets take the kids from their parents and brainwash them in accordiance to the actual ideology enforced by the state . 
  oh and lets rip the parents of their money to sponsor all of that . 
   established scientific theories like the ones of 35 or something `` genders '' and `` equality '' between all of them or that the life begins in some week of ... life ? 
  un already sugessts to teach 4 years how to masturbate , but hey , that 's all `` science '' , not a `` doctrine '' as long as it has nothing to do with religion . 
   what 's the difference you answered your own question , the difference is that catholics are not extremists anymore . 
  quite the contrary , they 're being soft and passive even against persecutions in the middle east and intolerance which is apparently accepted in europe , as we can see also in here . 
  i 'm a non beliver , but it 's a shame to call mysleve an `` atheist '' and being mistaken for the hateful far left extremist . 
   broad spectrum could you link some different opinions on these subjects ? 
   putin is far-right this is actually funny , first you say that medias which `` do n't hate gays '' ( in fact supports them ) are not necessary lefty and then you give `` anti gay policies '' as as an argument for putin being `` far right '' ... come on , russia is a country where `` aborting '' people is legal and which `` aborts '' more of them than the whole europe . 
  not to mention interventionism , state controlled economy and biggest companies , medias and so on . 
   they do not advocate for abortion on demand , right to euthanasia and other things . 
  but of course they do , should i provide examples ? 
  ok , i do n't feel offended since that 's how i 've said , just our language . 
  some people are just using it with intention to insult our nation . 
  learning languages is always good , especially if english is today 's `` lingua franca '' . 
  i would n't say they 're passive , especially since they employed some lefty journalists from tvn or wyborcza and all the `` public '' medias are dependent on a ruling coalition , whichever wins elections . 
  actually many journalists working for tvn are also working for that newspaper , radio zet or rmf , but the role of a `` leader '' belongs rather to wyborcza , the other lefty massmedias are quoting thier articles and usually just repeats their opinions . 
  btw . 
  i 'm also reading and watching these , as well as the others , it 's always better to know various opinions and to read more . 
  the problem is when people are getting radical and emotional , ignoring or just hating some medias without even knowladge about them .
