  you 're discussing with your own thesis . 
  my point was just that the leftys ignored `` reactionary '' organisations , they were using political beliefs for their own agenda after the war . 
  ... so what 's my case ? 
  you 're just making it up , or really you do n't understand what period of time i was referring to . 
  anyway , socialists indeed were patriots in opposite to the internationalists sent from moscow in 1919 , but this is again , completly differet time . 
  ooooh poor stalin , so badly insulted . 
  the soldiers often were poorly equiped and given impossible orders , especially at the beginning of the `` patriotic '' war , but just in this case ... why the polish units sent as an excuse to aid warsaw were n't given any artillery or air support ? 
  the soviets broke diplomatic relations with the polish gov after it asked for explanation of the katy\u0144 massacre . 
  somehow it was possible to cooperate in liberation of vilnius , but of course after that the polish officiers were arrested , executed or sent to the camps . 
  waiting would mean that 500.000 people would be mobilised as slave laborers to organise defences as it was ordered by the germans , not to mention that the city itselve would be a battlefield . 
  maybe the politics was more on the soviet mind ... they would install their puppet goverment this or the other way , but in this way they have n't had to fight the home army and could pretend that they 're liberators , not just another invider . 
   could just walk in no , but it would be much easier for them and far less soldiers would die , not to mention the civillians . 
  you 're really naive , it 's enough for an evidence of their intentions that they 've stopped on a line of vistula for months , provided no aid even to the units of 1st polish army which tried to cross the river or refused the other allies to use their airfields ( except for american bombers coming from romania ) . 
  ... the people of warsaw were indeed dead or enslaved after that , barely thousand were left in the city , hideing . 
  the soldiers are a one thing , those who give them orders are the responsible ones and they did n't cared not just about the poles , but even about their own soldiers and civillians . 
  it was n't any `` liberation '' , neither in 1939 , nor in 1944/5 . 
  i hardly doubt that it 's coming from the public education . 
  no idea what they teach in belgian schools , but most probably very little about poland and warsaw uprising . 
  i only wonder if they learn about the polish 1st armoured division of gen. maczek which was crossing belgium and liberated several towns . 
  exactly . 
  as for what narriation is `` owned '' by whom , the ghetto uprising was reduced to the fight of just a one , lefty organisation . 
  the other one , which for real organised the uprising , was composed of the former officers of polish army which were jewish , they were under command of the polish gov on exile and the home army . 
  communists completly ignored them and even at now most of people have no idea , including the jewish people . 
  ... it 's owned by the common people who forced the `` progressive '' ruling class to react . 
  the same goes for the post war , anti soviet resistance , those oh so so evil right wingers are just initiating it , the rest is spontanous reaction of common people . 
  the butthurt of leftys is just amusing and the funniest thing is that you just repeat the nazi and soviet propaganda . 
  face it , poles recovers their identity after years of commie brainwashing and you ca n't do a thing about it . 
  why do n't you complain about the warsaw ghetto uprising ? 
   orders i 've edited this comment before you even answered . 
  anyway , they were from the beginning doomed to loose since the soviets provided no artillery or air support or anything else . 
  why should they care about the polish cannon fodder anyway , they did n't care even about their own soldiers . 
  and that 's why they had to die together with hundrets of thousands civillians . 
  from the military point of view , a rebellion behind the enemy lines was helpful for the soviets , but it was all about politics . 
  and that 's why moscow radio called the citizens of warsaw to fight the germans ? 
  the words of an insane massmurder are meaningless . 
  there were few defences in warsaw , just after the uprising broke out they move two armoured divisions here and some other units , mostly composed of foreign collaborators . 
  if a pack of poorly armed scouts and civillian volunteers managed to take over almost whole warsaw in first days of the uprising , than the soviets could do it as well . 
  they just did n't wanted and it was in their interest not just to handle the organisations which were n't their puppets , but to make them look like `` power seeking criminals '' . 
  their intention was to create a puppet state and they had to win at least some popular support . 
  you write too much with too little sense . 
  also , learn some english . 
  i know nothing about tomaszewski except that he 's a leader of awp . 
  i know also that lithuanians [ consider poland ] ( http://www.lithuaniatribune.com/68679/poll-says-most-lithuanians-see-russia-as-hostile-201468679/ ) not as a friendly country , but a hostile one , right after russia . 
  i guess the politics of ignoring the polish minority and supporting lithuania is not working . 
  the same as you tries to provoke me , your retarded politicians provokes us and sooner or later you 'll reget it . 
   pro communist the gulag survivors who were n't able to reach the polish army of gen. anders on time . 
  despite the hopeless situation some units of the 1st polish army tried to cross vistula in two places and joined uprising , but it was too little and too late . 
   afraid of the ak what ? 
  home army tried to cooperate with the soviets , despite the arrests and executions like in vilnius . 
   anticommunist uprising ... antinazi uprising . 
  it was easier to let the germans do the dirty work . 
  just after the war , when home army was ordered to disaband , the veterans organised themselves in anti communist resistance , stalin said to the puppet communist goverment that if not the red army , they would be over in a year . 
  and where were these offensives ? 
  german defences were little , there were just some skirmishes and obviously soviets wanted to stay at the line of vistula for tactical reasons . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  luftwaffe was unable to put a serious fight against the soviets or the other allies at this point of time , they were lacking everything and especially skilled pilots . 
  in the final stage of uprising the soviets even started to drop some munitions and food , but somehow they `` forgot '' to use parachutes so each `` aid '' like that was a mortal danger for the home army and civillians . 
  apparently there were airfields and uftwaffe did n't even dared to bother the soviet airforce . 
  not weeks , warsaw ghetto uprising was more than a year before . 
  warsaw uprising was a part of the operation `` tempest '' , the idea was to start rebellions on the back of retreating german army and liberate country before the soviets does , or at least to cooperate with them . 
  the problem was that the soviets took eastern side of warsaw and ... waited . 
  they even refused allies to use airfields to refuel planes with aid for warsaw . 
  i doubt if many people were interested in diets or sports . 
  times are always changing . 
  i remember food reglamentation in my earliest childhood , at least if it goes for meat . 
  everything was lacking , shops were empty , queues were going for miles ... come on , you should know about that . 
  there was public transport in warsaw even under the german occupation , not to mention the bikes and the city was much smaller even if its population was similar as it 's now . 
   diet ok , so what kind of `` diet '' could have people occupied by these german sadists ? 
  it was not a collaborating france , almost everything from the farmers was requsited and for an `` illegal '' slaughter of some pig or a cow there was ... death penalty . 
  you 'd be also skinny after six years of german occupation . 
  nope , never , at least not in masovia . 
  i ment the polish `` liberal '' and lefty parties , which also are shy about pushing the internationale agenda since they know how unpopular it is . 
  the other poll of this barometer claimed poland to be a one of the most pro $ country of europe , so that 's how `` reliable '' it is . 
  as for the local opinion polls , besides of the private one with 14 % in favor , the other was made by a goverment agency [ cbos ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_for_public_opinion_research ) ( such glorious traditions of jaruzelski dictatorship ) in 2013 and claimed 24 % support ... 3 % is a standard , so called `` statistical error '' . 
  also , if you wish , you can read the last interview of [ marek belka ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/poland-in-no-rush-to-join-the-euro-single-currency-central-bank-eurozone/ ) , the head of national bank , nevermind that he 's a post communist dinosaur who considered printing empty money for the `` liberal '' party and its political interests . 
  as i 've said , they know what 's good for them and if they 'd force $ on us , people would n't be so calm and passive as they usually are . 
  so you did n't or did you downvote me ? 
  it does n't matter anyway , it 's just low ... and yes , you was trolling and insulting me . 
  nevermind that , the whole issue of these street names is not even solved for real , it 's a step forward , but it 's only about not punishing people anymore and only when the lithuanian authorities put their signs . 
  the bottom point is that the people have to fight for such things and pay horrible fees to the courts for years . 
  you should adopt the minority charter just like the other countries did and solve everything . 
  finally ... 
  i 've had to translate it , but nevermind . 
  finally the lithuanian gov will not punish people for their own signs on their own houses . 
  p.s you really had to downvote me to feel better ? 
  i 've asked for a source , if it 's allowed now , then proove it now . 
  or is it just like before , you just `` heard '' something ? 
  the only thief here is that retarded court ... fucking 12.500 $ for nothing . 
  i was even reading zdziechowski and he was not any lithuanian . 
  so what 's about that zone ? 
  are we breaking any rules or was it not enough to put 60 bln $ into the fiscal compact and greece ? 
  ok , so if it was allowed since the last year i want to see some evidence . 
  anyway , a guy was ordered to pay 12.500 $ for a sign on his own property , wtf is that ? 
  i 'm `` butthurted '' becouse your authorities disrespect us and ca n't follow the rules that all the other eu countries do , including poland in regard to lithuanians . 
  oh really ? 
  you [ do allow ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=pl&amp;u=http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-ze-swiata,2/12-5-tys-euro-grzywny-za-polskie-nazwy-ulic-na-litwie,386051.html&amp;prev=search ) ? 
  we do n't have to use our script , there 're just few specyfic letters which are n't even used by the lazy internauts or in text messages . 
  ... so very funny , jokes from our language . 
   i just heard about it . 
  and i 've heard recently that merkel is lesbian , so ?
