  also , the priest i was talking about was finally moved to the convent in recent days , so he 's not active anymore . 
  of course that 's a ridiculous claim , islam had its advantages and that was definetly its golden era . 
  i just wanted to add something that is often ignored and no , slavery did n't existed in christian countries then . 
  church strictly forbid it , but said nothing about the pagans so it was allright for venice and other countries to capture , castrate and sell the pagan ( slavic ) slaves to the moors . 
  some may dislike it , but the other ignored fact is that usually jewish * radhanites * traded with slaves then . 
  somehow i do n't think that / r/catholicism is representative . 
  is that really clergy , or rather just regular catholics ? 
  as i 've said , maybe i just do n't follow the opinions of local bishops , but for sure i 'd see the outrage in leftist medias if some of them would complain . 
  as for now i only know that clergy followed the orders of the pope and just few catholic publicists complained , not to mention that young priest . 
  you may see him on a one [ demonstration ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hakb6s0ipgy ) with english subs , it 's quite interesting actually because i 've never seen such a hmmm `` passionate '' preacher before . 
   from what i 've read , al-andalus have you ever heard about islamic slavery ? 
  for some reason people usually ignore the fact that al-andalus was full of `` saqaliba '' , ottoman turkey the same was kidnapping lots of people for their galleys , army and harems . 
  crimean khanate existed just and only thanks to its raids on ukraine and russia , capturing people and selling them to genoans in thier colony kaffa . 
  and return gold reserves to romania and spain ... 
   artificial concept seriously ? 
  indeed , pity that you scrapped all of yours ( and ours ) wwii destroyers . 
  well , clergy was also working the land and manufacturing some more complicarted and luxurious foods like alcohols , cheeses , hams and sausages . 
  of course that was not possible for everybody , but still there was some possiblity for social `` upgrade '' and education . 
  i know also some examples of just talented pesants getting patronage of clergy and nobility , like [ klemens janicki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/klemens_janicki ) , awarded the title * poeta laureatus * by pope for his poems in latin . 
  sorry , but this is quite a biased rating . 
  still these churches are really beatufull . 
  not true , every pesant could get education , but usually they had to become clergy . 
  these `` demonic '' jesuits did also a lot to educate people , mostly nobility , but that was a huge social group in poland ( up to 10 % population ) . 
  when jesuit order was cancelled there was about 137 schools in poland , 51 colleges , 66 high schools , 15 convicts , 2 seminars and 2 academia . 
  not to mentiuon the regular church schools and universities . 
  i was on a `` cruise '' like that some years ago . 
  it was fun , except that `` captain '' was a bit drunk or that was just the local accent . 
  [ more info ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orp_b%c5%82yskawica ), 
  yeah , so russia is affected because there 's nowhere to expand and what 's worse ... their influence is only decreasing with more and more countries leaving thier camp . 
  so what kind of consequence can have an alliance with nato ? 
  according to russian `` diplomats '' , target of nuclear weapons ... like they do n't have it in plans already . 
  again , primitive threats in service of `` diplomacy '' which works the opposite way . 
  they 're sovereign countries and they can choose alliances , obviously they would n't want a one with moscow . 
  try separately , first the move , then subtitles and find the matching file . 
  i would recommend the old taras bulba only because of yul brynner , the rest of movie is just laughtable , but the newer russian version is not that bad , even if highly in line with their politics . 
  still better than 1612 which was a disaster . 
  finland was also thretened , as well as sweden . 
  that 's nice , except that he never did anything for poland , i do n't even know if he every visited . 
  oh , the football hooligans have a very high morale , but i 'd rather like to see the swiss model here . 
  except that we do n't have mountains and banks . 
  whichever it 's going to be , we have time and this 25 years of moderate prosperity is just a little step in a long way of our history . 
  you 're talking like your maoist compatriot barroso . 
  jokes aside , it does n't really matter anyway , but `` empire '' is ruling over other subjects , not allowing them to participate . 
  if you ask me , i did n't liked the german and austrian empires either , holy roman was somerimes bearable , but usually not and mongolian was also not very nice , not to mention ottoman with its annoying crimean bitch which was kidnapping and enslaving people . 
  why ? 
  i think that they still could regret that pereyaslav union was enforced instead of hadiach , but lublin union was the way that ukraine became part of poland . 
  they should blame their oligarchs ... magnates , we did n't forced them to adapt our language , religion and fashion . 
  it was a mistake to not grant nobility to all of the cossacs , they could became the `` middle class '' there like nobility in poland proper was . 
  [ watch this movie ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=md6ukzjs9h0 ) or read a book , if you want to know a bit of history wrapped in epic and romantic story . 
  which was the correct defensive strategy after the russian occupation forces mooved out in 1993 . 
  confirned especially in recent years with the russian politics towards the neutral countries . 
  oh , evil russophobes destroying mother russia ... 
  he defends american interests , or his own , but anyway he has nothing to do with poland . 
  indeed and that 's why we 're going to invest about 60 bln $ in modernisation of our military in this decade . 
  also the gov finally allowed the paramilitary units of territorial defence composed of volunteers . 
  but keep your tinfoil hat tight because i do n't see nato disappearing in the close future . 
  not that easy . 
  you 're talking about elites , which in poland at least partly came from the society , with the whole `` solidarity '' movement and of course some post communists , but it changed in recent ten years also . 
  in ukraine i do n't see it , maybe i 'm wrong , by the post communist `` elite '' or just oligarchy took over everything , the people are organised by them , not by themselfs . 
  so you do n't need to bring it up , especially 400 years old issues with muscovy . 
  empire is defined by its willingnes to expand , rule , empower ... 
  the republic was expanding in diplomatic way , through unions or voluntary vassalage , like with moldova and livonian order . 
  as i 've said , monarch was not allowed to declare wars , parliament was and regular army was very limited because taxes were also a matter of voting . 
  depends which standards you 're using in which context . 
  the holy roman empire was not the same as roman empire was , but they both claimed to rule the world , or at least the world they knew , mediterannean or christian . 
  not anymore . 
  we cared about what moscow thinks and tried to appease them , resigned from abm , opened free trade area with kaliningrad , allowed russians to study on our public ( and free ) universities . 
  our pathetic government even ignored the investigation of a plane crash in which our president and whole army general staff died . 
  in return we get constant embargos , threats , provocative drills with belarus and just primitive insults ... 
  conclusion is that it does n't matter what we do . 
   you can be stupid example ? 
  our long term partner is germany and other countries of region , especially visegrad group . 
  i think we survived worse than a fuel addicted , weakening moscow with a complex of a former global player . 
  do n't worry about us . 
  irrelevant as your lacking knowledge about history of that time and this region , which is at now equally ... irrelevant . 
  yes , it was . 
  got it , revolution ca n't solve everything , actually they can help very little and harm quite a lot . 
  my point is that ukraine was at the same place as poland then , but later we took different paths . 
  but at least then it would be official agreement , not another chit chat on a party . 
  then i disagree with them . 
  moreover , the future events and especially agressive actions of moscow in recent years prooved nato to be a necessary deterrent . 
  that 's sweet , fortunatelly your thoughts and existence are far more important for human kind , just do n't fall from that high horse . 
  us president has more power than the `` emperor '' of poland and lithuania had . 
  i 'm claiming only that you 're writing bullshit . 
  aha , and if the official title is `` dude '' then it 's a hippie commune ? 
  yes , that was the classic republic . 
  or do you think that in rome or venice pesantry was voting ? 
  and ... there were times when orthodox or protestant christians were majority in parliament . 
  muscovite dukes run in royal elections and once even a crimean khan . 
  ivan the `` terrible '' had quite a bit of supporters , but finally lost , fortunatelly . 
  forgive me if i 'm lacking humility , but considering this non existing agreement is directly affecting soverignty of my country and besides of propagandist , there 's no other importance to it . 
  i 'm following kremlin medias , you know . 
  same as you are and those which use this unwritten , non existing , powerless and meaningless so called `` agreement '' as an argument . 
  since constitution `` nihil novi '' 1505 parliament was the only legislative body . 
  monarch had to sign * pacta conventa * , a kind of political program issued by parliament , different for every ruler . 
  he also had to sign [ henrican articles ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henrician_articles ) which reduced his power even further . 
  a king could n't even get married without agreement of senate , not to mention declaring war ... 
  such an `` emperor '' that was  edit : sorry dude , that was republic . 
  oh , and there was also religious freedom . 
  thanks , but i 've seen it already some time ago .
