  i think that aborting people should be allowed just and only in extreme situations like danger for mother 's life or health and it should dependd just and only on her . 
  it would be if the same rules would be applied to the polish minority in lithuania and belarus as they are towards russian minority in ukraine or regional languages in spain . 
  lithuania is not that small as for european standards and the polish minority is not a danger for its territorial integrity , ingnoring these people will not make them to go away . 
  no , it was said that leftists are a source of repressions , which is hard to deny , not that they 're the only one . 
  i have n't seen the name of mao there , but names of countries run by more radical or less extreme leftist regimes . 
  of course it 's wrong to compare some contemporary politicians to stalin or hitler , but many does it and comparation to venezuela or cuba is still valid in a way . 
  which parties ? 
  i do n't thingk this is just in germany , it 's more ... internationale or just common to use this kind of big words in order to smuggle some message . 
   flat tax and abolish the minimum wage that 's very liberal . 
   ban abortions very good , aborting people is barbaric . 
   progressive empty slogan hijacked by leftists to label their changes as positive ( progress is a positive change ) . 
  the rest sounds crazy , if that 's what they 're really about . 
  like which ? 
  i know how it works , especially now when we elected the `` incorrect '' party , but if afd get together with nationalists from npd then they 're fools . 
  that was confusing , but i was talking about the whole district , not the city , i should be more specyfic and the maps like this should consider these people if the other minorities are indicated . 
  the leftists are a source of repressivnes and that guy gave some `` rightists '' to counter it , which is call double standards and you say that it 's a `` strawman '' . 
  same here , peace can be eternal as well , exzcpet that the dead ones are `` umarli '' or `` zmarli . 
  it 's a bit confusing that `` pok\u00f3j '' means also a room . 
  yeah , czart = devil , lubi\u0107 = to like and b\u00f3g = god ... slavic languages are fun , but the funniest are false friends and we have a lot of these with czechs which are just hilarious . 
  a `` girl '' ( divka ) in czech means a `` whore '' in polish ( dziwka ) , `` to search for '' ( szuka\u0107 ) means to `` fuck '' and `` west '' ( zach\u00f3d ) is a `` toilet '' to list few  [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_kmmyqiseg ) is all about that and mi\u0142osz zeman i guess , 
   nazis national socialist german workers party was not much worse than the bolshevik party , i guess they could break the soviet and especially maoist records of mass murders with the time , but where do you see `` disregard '' to these regimes in that comment ? 
  as for monarchies , they look very innocent next to the xxc regimes , but it does n't mean i `` diregard '' their crimes just by criticising the others . 
  ok , this is probably the only exception , but still the far left regimes and criminals got away unpunished in europe . 
  even in simbolic way it 's just ignored or excused . 
  [ population census from 2011 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_lithuania#statistics ) shows that there 're 52 % of poles in vilnius city municipality and 77 % in salcininkai . 
  \u015awit in polish , we sometimes use `` mir '' in the same context , but i guess it was replaced over time with `` pok\u00f3j '' . 
  for sure it was used as a `` world '' and because of that there 're names like `` s\u0142awomir '' or `` miros\u0142aw '' . 
  that 's just belarus , i was talking about [ this map ] ( http://imgur.com/rmbvgpb ) . 
  wtf is with downvotes , reddit ? 
  if we 're going to indicate etchnic or linguistic minorities , it would be just fair to consider all of them . 
  ok , i 've heard something about them some time ago and they did n't looked like some `` radicals '' . 
  do i guess correctly that these invited politicians were from npd ? 
  the migrant issue is a `` hot '' subject now so i 'm not surprised that parties tries to earn some points in this way , but what is so `` extreme '' about their ideas and proposed policies ? 
  he 's giving some other names as a counter argument for criticism of far left regimes , so what else is that if not excusing one extreme with the other one ? 
  i know almost nothing about that bernie guy , but i do n't see how he was compared to a one of many far left dictators , but rather to few leftist regimes , including not so very murderous venezuela and cuba . 
  are they majority in the whole area indicated on the map ? 
  besides , it 's not that easy , almost every ukrainian speaks russian . 
  as for the polish speakers , language is a major part of etchnic self identification , lithuanian is not as similar and confusing as it 's in case of ukraine and russian speakers . 
  there was a map of polish minority in lithuania and belarus posted on / r/mapporn recently . 
  ok , but there 're areas in lithuania , including vilnius municiplaity , where poles are majority and somehow i doubt that the whole area occupied by separatists in ukraine is majority russian . 
  may i ask if afd is really `` far right '' , or is it just another classic `` insult '' to label some political opponents ? 
  is there really a reason for gov to probe and in a way supress this party ? 
  police and other services are allowed to enforce law with weapons if necessary , or is it somehow different in germany ? 
  mussolini was a socialist before he made up his own political movement and hitler was a national socialis . 
  franco and videla were militars , not any politicians . 
  anyway , what you 're trying to say here is that two wrongs makes a one right , but the reality is that neither of these regimes was fair and it 's quite clear that leftist dictatorships and criminals do n't get the criticism that they deserved . 
  not to mention that not a single communist official was judged and senteced , ever . 
  i wonder , why every time on this kind of maps i can see the russian minority in ukraine and never the polish one in lithuania and belarus ? 
  how am i whitewashing it ? 
  no idea what sweden did , but i do n't suppose that was abolition of serfdom in xvi century . 
  that was just the reality then and you ca n't expect that just a one country would do something about it . 
  the power was in parliament and i guess there were representatives from estonia and livonia there as from every other part of the country , but that was nobility . 
   facism lol wat ? 
  mostly german , i ca n't think about a single polish noble family from that area , only few assimilated germans . 
  so you believe in censorship and excluding a part of society from public life . 
  except that 's still funny , but believe in whatever you wants . 
  dude , you have some issues , especially anti religious intolerance . 
  constitution of may 3 introduced personal freedom and serfdom was abolished by proclamation of po\u0142aniec , but it was all reversed by corrupted magnatery and their russian sponsors . 
  most of nobility was poor and worked as farmers , prof gwiazdowski argues that obligations of serfs then were lighter than todays taxes . 
  that was xviic and serfdom existed in every country , including poland and lithuania . 
   the poles northern estonia was given by sweden because of election of sigismund vasa , it lasted for few years before sweden rebelled against sigismund . 
  southern , as a part of livonia , was reconquared from ivan the `` terrible '' after the grand master of livonian order gothard kettler secularised his country and offered vassalage to the polish king . 
  it was also conquared by sweden after barely 50 years in plc ( actually a co dominium of poland and lithuania ) . 
  sorry , but it does n't look to me that we `` enslaved '' estonians and if ivan would take over , you can imagine what would happend ... 
  i 'm supporting this alliance , which does n't mean i ca n't criticise it . 
  ca n't see how does it explain my criticism , you sound like some arrogant european leaders when they 're trying to force their agenda with threats and use european funds as a kind of `` bribe '' . 
  i know where 's our place in the row , but i can say what our politicians ca n't . 
  you 're also underestimating germany and poland with millions of people who worked hard to get us where we 're at now . 
  some were , but also on the other sides and even if there were croatian war criminals , the people got a one sided image of that war . 
  except poland that 's romania , bulgaria , cyprus and croatia . 
  [ ec told americans to not make exceptions ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/justice-home-affairs/news/eu-gives-us-six-months-to-come-clean-on-visa-policy/ ) for eu citizens , but i do n't know if there was any reaction . 
  why do we need it and how 's montenegro going to make a difference ? 
  it 's their sovereign decision , but i just do n't see any reason neither for them , nor for the alliance . 
  i know this is not comparable , but except for that i have little knowledge about the life in croatia so i 've asked why is it so bad ? 
  why is that ? 
  i was in croatia few years ago just for vacations and it was great . 
  i thought that you 're doing good , infrastructure was allright , people were nice , food was great and climate was anything but depressing , i would n't mind to live in croatia . 
  yeah , i hope to be wrong , but giving money for kids is not going to help . 
   leave v4 croatia is not a member of visegrad group . 
   radio maria stronk !, 
  stereotypes are strong with this one . 
  have you seen these `` democratic '' protests recently ? 
  there 're nato members outside of eu and neutral eu states as well . 
  so in these cases it 's not like you say , but also switzerland and scandinavia is not like serbia , no offence . 
  do n't know how many europeans thinks about serbia as some `` rougue '' state , but i guess there 's still memory of these wars in 90s , not just in former yugoslavia and serbia was presented as the `` bad guy '' , rightfully or not . 
  no , i remember quite well how obama visited czech rep. few years before poland and i 'm sure there were also other visits , not just the recent one in estonia . 
  besides the already mentioned facts there was the infamous `` reset '' of obama ( and clinton ) , reforming the abm program and russian response with deployment of ballistic missiles in kaliningrad and massive , provocative drills with belarus . 
  all of that was ignored or excused and that was partly the fault of polish gov under donald which was the same naive until the invasion of ukraine . 
  do n't get me wrong , i understand america has its own interests and poland is just another weak european state . 
  or it 's just a first step to push this alliance down your throats , which would be the same unnecessary as provocative . 
  with whole respect to this country , it 's not going to contribute and it does n't need protection from anybody . 
  the only reason i can see is political . 
  no problem , i see your edition and really ca n't understand what nato needs that access for . 
  there 's no strategic reason for that . 
  i was n't asking about relation to nato because i absolutelly understand it , i remember even the interview with emir kusturica on our public tv when there was debate about kosovo . 
  our former president was not such a fan of recognition of kosovo ( pm donald was ) and personally i 'm against any separatism , especially with a `` help '' of foreign military , but i 'd rather respect than support peacefull movements like in scotland and catalonia . 
  i think i 've heard also goran bregovicz speaking in favour of russian takeover of crimea . 
  my opinion is quite similar , except that we need nato and i think that usa is abusing its position in the alliance for its own interests . 
   nato 's intervention in 1999 was completely legitimate nato is a defensive alliance , so why did it engage in obviously offensive action ? 
  rt and this ruptly often shows some unimportant protests , sometimes just few people , in order to push its propaganda .
