  anyway , that was a clear violatiion of press liberty , journalists are allowed to keep their informers secret identity . 
  that 's another question , but they were elected to govern , it was clear that they 're centralist , or etatist and it seems they still enjoy wide support , despite all the controvercial ( and not promised ) actions . 
  as we can see on the example above , prosecution was not perfect under the previous management and at the end , when some stonoga published leaked documents from investigation , pm kopacz got desperate and started to threaten the general prosecutor with his finances ( regulated by parliament ) . 
  as you can see , it is n't . 
  also , it 's quite rare but even in poland there 're surnames like karwat or chrobat . 
  apparently and so there stayed some toponyms and surnames . 
   public prosecutor 's action no , that was abw ( internal security agency ) , it 's under civillian control of prime minister and parliament . 
  it 's main purpose is to fight terrorism , espinoage , drug trafficing etc. 
  pis was always opposing this reform of prosecution and always was declaring to reverse it when it 's going to take power . 
  apparently they 're keeping their promises , in opposite to the previous gov , except thar they 're doing also things they did n't promised . 
  have you heard about [ white croatia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_croatia ) ? 
  happy holyday !, 
  depends which part of ee . 
  slovakia and poland does n't look good in this stats . 
  or muscovy to russia ... oh wait . 
  ask donald . 
  i ca n't say anything , only guess and make up theories . 
  if you ask why poland just gave up the investigation and evidences to russia then you 'd be called a `` nut '' and silenced because our investigators had access to the wreck ( at least that part which was not destroyed or stolen by local scrap collectors ) and copies of black boxes ... 
  i know and this is another reason why russia should n't be trusted and treated as a regular country . 
  do n't know which ideology prevents criticism of russian institutions , but i do n't share your beliefs . 
  crazy or not , russia did everything in its power to provoke suspicions and just exploited naive gov of donald . 
  it 's going to be hard to find anything credible in english , only some blogs and suspicious sites . 
  seems that nobody cares anymore . 
  or if you wants in [ english ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-12170021 )  according to pathology tests , alcohol was found in the blood of gen blasik in a concentration of 0.6 grams per litre russian tests , which were made without presence of polish patologists ( thanks to ewa kopacz ) and then prooven wrong by investigation of organic materials sent to poland . 
  i 'm afraid not because the previous gov allowed it , agreed to all of the russian conditions and demands , agreed to `` investigate '' the case on base of chicago convention for passanger planes , while it was a military , goverment plane . 
  russian gov would never allow egypt or another state to investigate their planes , or at least would use every means possible to secure and transport evidences , at least because of domestic opinion . 
  actually netherlands also took plane from war zone in ukraine and launched an international investigation , also because malaysian operator and ukrainian gov allowed it . 
  well , now you see how does it work ... 
  in a minute someone will accuse you of being a paid troll of some party . 
  do n't ask questions , do n't think , believe in our honest and professional russian comrades and stop being `` paranoid '' . 
  no point talking to you . 
  trust in russian professionalism or honesty if you wants , just like the previous polish gov did , but i want our plane and recorders back and then international investigation . 
   anyone who manages to travel illegally to another country in central or eastern europe will be able to stay there . 
  sure ... 
  they did and there was more of such questionable actions . 
  i would n't compare both situations anyway . 
  it 's not so much different when you compare it to the other countries and it 's not just political , but also medial establishment which is crossing boundaries when supporting / bashing their beloved parties . 
  it 's unfortunatelly affecting people , they 're being radicalised by both sides to hate each other and of course to vote accordingly . 
  ca n't see any way to `` reform '' it or replace the establishment , so far the post communists were replaced by a `` liberal '' party , so at least it 's some ... progress . 
  excuse me , but what are you talking about ? 
  crimes are not allowed anywhere , but somehow it 's not stopping criminals ... 
  even russian duma was criticising these `` technocrats '' , as well as armenian airlines and familes of hockey team which plane crashed even accused their reports in court ... as for this particular case , many times the polish representatives acredited for this `` investigation '' complained that mak violated rules of chicago convention and some of their claims had no support in facts . 
  not to mention that they should n't investigate it at all because they and chicago convention applies only to the cvillian planes and that was obviously a military transport plane . 
  i 'm really sorry for the guy and his familiy . 
  fortunatelly noone elese was kiled or injured . 
  plane and recorders , all of that is in russia and according to them that 's because they 're `` investigating '' it . 
  only a one recorder was brought to poland because they could n't read it , but then again taken back to moscow . 
  rather the opposite way , this guy is a boogeyman used since many years to scare the `` liberal '' electorate . 
  the other thing is that he 's talking bullshit and the same as his collegues , he 's just giving ammunition to the opposite team . 
  anyway , i would n't pay big attention to it , it 's not the first and probably not the last stunt of this guy , everybody knows too well in poland that he believes it was not an accident . 
  it kinda does amongst the social species . 
  if it happends that mother is methally or hormonally immature or challanged then usually other specimens takes care of abandoned babies . 
  i got it the first time , but still that 's not a matter of dicussion . 
  reuters is reffering to the article posted by rmf , it does n't say a thing that it was n't official , but `` leaked '' transcript and main military prosecutor said that `` however , the published material containst fragmants of the transcript , it containst innacurate comments , quotations and identifications of speakers '' ... `` we remind also that toxicologic expertise excluded presence of alcohol in the bodies of the crew and passangers '' ... [ here ] ( http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/kraj/por-artur-wosztyl-broni-gen-blasika-i-krytykuje-publikacje-rmf-fm-wracamy-do-retoryki/p0q8t6 ) you have article , unfortunatelly in polish , which contains declaration of prosecution , as well as short interview with lt. wosztyl , military pilot which landed the other plane during that visit . 
  edit : what i mean was `` fake '' was the first transcript , which was not analised at all , except for hearing done by the gov commission and someone just attributed a one voice to gen. b\u0142asik , which was a base for this whole conspiracy theory . 
  then there were other leaks , especially a one made for or by tvn24 a news channel supportive of the previous gov , in which it was allegedly said `` if we do n't land , he 's going to kill us '' ... that was in the middle of a presidential campaign and served the candidate of the `` liberal '' party together with his disgusting mouthpice which begun accusing the former president of crashing the plane . 
  military prosecution says that he could be there , but it 's not prooven , the first readings of voice recorders were false and then phonoscopic analysis did not confirm his voice . 
  so , what 's your reason to claim that he was in there ? 
  did you ever board a military transport plane ? 
  the guy should answer for this mistake ( if not just intended lie ) , but not in this way . 
  an `` expert '' of this kind should be finished and never again investigate anything . 
   they will push , they will prod , they will try to pressure you , until you admit to their one and only imagined version of events . 
  that 's characteristic of a fanatic and it 's not exclusive just for a one side ... for example , expressing any doubts about the russian intentions , so called `` investigation '' or disbelieving the `` pressure '' conspiracy theory makes you a `` nut '' according to some people . 
  dude , this is russia ... the cheif of that commitee gen. tatiana andoina fled to france some time ago . 
  her son is a director of some transaero airlines and all of them are the same corrupted as their whole country is . 
   the pilots were pressured to land by the chief of staff . 
  no , they were n't . 
  it 's a conspiracy theory made up by the previous gov and of course russia . 
  phonoscopic analysis of registers prooved beyond any doubt tha there was no gen. b\u0142asik there ( cheif of air force , not staff ) . 
  even the previous , quite pro russian gov finally admitted that the controllers are partly at fault , military prosecution accused them , but of course it 's not possible to question them . 
   everyone who has heard the transcript of the conversation in the cockpit understands what happened . 
  which version of the transcripts ? 
   pressure from the supervisor that 's actually the competing conspiracy theory sanctioned by the previous gov and based on false readings of the transctipts , in which some `` expert '' heard a voice of gen. b\u0142asik , commander of air forces . 
  no idea what 's your point . 
  obviously to your claims about biological definition of life . 
  you was simply wrong in this point . 
  i 'm all the time reffering to biologic definitions . 
  potato is not a human . 
   i do n't see that 's you , but every biologist can clearly see it . 
   a foetus can not and this is why its mother is `` forced '' to carry it . 
  we should n't eliminate `` inconvenient '' humans just because there 's no way ( at least not yet ) to overcome thier dependence on another humans . 
  there are hormones and instincts . 
  it 's not like mothers started to care about their babies just after some people wrote a code of laws . 
  doubt so , otherwise czech rep. and slovakia or eastern germany would be the same , but they are n't . 
  i was clearly talking about fiscal slavery , comrade . 
  i guess some people imagines that i 'm supporting serfdom instead of taxation while i 'm simply reffering to an argument of a one economist . 
  or he would be called a bacwarded nationalist by the `` enlighted '' intenationalist `` liberals '' on service of foreign courts and corporations . 
  if he were alive , but he is n't and i see no reason to suggest what would he say today . 
  i can talk about what he and the others thought and did back them . 
  constitution was de facto passed illegally , in a way of a coup when king organised parliament gathering with just and only reformist `` party '' , it resulted in a kind of civil war against confederation of targowica , in fact proclaimed in russia by some magnates . 
  that side indeed was using `` tradition '' as an argument , tradition of their liberites , legal order or `` democracy '' and of course `` protection '' of foreign powers . 
  it was important only for the `` chavinists '' if they 'd be sovereign and ruled by elected representatives , oligarchic `` democrates '' did nor mind to be ruled by international `` empires '' as long as their `` liberties '' would be guaranteed . 
  [ not that easy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_midpoint_of_europe ) . 
  geographic centre is still easier to determinate than political , economic or cultural , but i 'm quite sure that neither is around v4 . 
  that 's nice , but do you imply that i 'm supporting serfdom ? 
  i 'm quite sure that ko\u015bciuszko would be outraged if people will need to work for their masters for half a year , until 11 june . 
  no , not really if you consider that eastern edge of europe is on ural . 
  he 'd need to do much more before he sinks to the levels of wa\u0142\u0119sa , kwa\u015bniewski or komorowski . 
   spit on havel why ? 
  is there any reason , or is it just `` hating '' ?
