  giving unwanted kids away is at least giving them any chance , killing them is not any favor and you make it sounds like it 's something good for them . 
  the people are maturing for many years after birth , the life is a process and it 's hard to say that infants until age 2-3 have their self awarness developed . 
  so are they `` persons '' ( whatever does it mean ) ? 
  no , neither infaticide , nor cannibalism or a murder is natural for humans . 
  you 're comparing us to bacterias or dogs , but why not to the prima apes ? 
   dead fetus read about that infanticide , it does n't applie to humans and similar species . 
  so again it all comes to the money ... how many $ is worth a human life ? 
  so tell me what 's a `` person '' ? 
  i know nothing about it and i repeat that i 'm not interested in some philosophical concepts ... 
  the limits and conditions like that are dehumanizing underdeveloped or sick people . 
  moreover , this is subjective and can be changed freely in different political conditions . 
  also , you know it very well that this is not math and every human develops differently , it 's not possible to determine in which day or a minute that human fullfill your conditions to be considered worthy of living . 
   morallity if you 're a biologist you have to know at least a bit about ecology and behaviors of social species . 
  we do n't kill eachother not becouse of morality . 
  ... how am i `` forcing '' them ? 
  am i raping women or what ? 
  the parents are `` putting children in the world '' , that 's how it works in the nature and if they do n't want it , they can give it away . 
  the kids are not a property of the parents and they should be protected if the parents are irresponsible or degenerated . 
  you 're talking about some extreme , controvercial cases , but most of people are born healthy or with minimal defects . 
  sick or dying humans are humans as well , you do n't have to be `` ubermensch '' to be alive . 
  i do n't care about `` personality '' and the other phiolosophical , ideological or religious ideas . 
  the parents should n't be allowed to mistreat their babies , it 's not their property . 
  why not to `` abort '' you ? 
  no , it 's not absorbing the baby ... 
  ... how many times do i need to repeat that fetus develops also brain ? 
  moreover , as for the `` mind '' , kids up until 2-3 year of life have no self awarness or long term memory , i guess it 's just a matter of time when the `` progress '' will consider post natal `` abortions '' . 
  fine , do n't care about the science , follow whatever ideology you wants . 
  wish you luck fighting the nature . 
  so now a dog is comparable to humans , i guess that 's some improovement , but still it seems you 're confused about which specie is yours . 
  maybe you should consider having sex with dogs , you 'll not need to `` abort '' your offspring then since there 'll be none , but since you do n't care for the nature , then maybe ... 
  of course that fetus develops brain , if you do n't know about embriogenesis then please read about it . 
  i 'm not going to talk about `` personality '' , `` soul '' or such vague , philosophical , ideological or religios ideas . 
  i 'm saying that the conditions you 're making up to consider `` existence '' of a human does n't matter , at least not for a biologist . 
  ... you 're the one denying them humanity . 
  who are `` we '' ? 
  what gives you the right to decide about the life and death of another human ? 
  i care , so ? 
  women have freedom over their bodies , unless they 're raped , this typical `` freedom '' agrument is just false . 
  the people should not be able to `` abort '' another humans , especially not becouse of something so low like their comfort . 
  not in britain or scandinavia . 
  life is defined by biology , the politicians defined only conditions under which the `` abortiuon '' of this life is somehow `` humanitarian '' . 
  it 's not up to you to decide how the life works so yes , if you have sex , you should know what is the biological reason and consequence of it . 
  comparing humans to bacterias ... seriously ? 
  do you actually know what 's a fetus ? 
  mammals in their embrional period of life are developing all the organs , including brain , but it 's not determing their existence , they obviously exist before that . 
  wtf is an `` objective point of view '' ? 
  that 's an oxymorone , you 're just selling your opinions as an `` objective '' truth . 
  and that was very uncool how you sold us out , made to take the blame and pay compensations ... 
  it 's more than enough that poland paid 40bln $ for the fiscal compact and follows its restrictions even if it 's about $ zone which we 're not a part of . 
  sorry greece , it 's nothing against you , our eceonomy is stable and developing , but we 're still far poorer than you are . 
  they should , maybe then some irresponsible and uneducated people would actually understand that they 're considering to `` abort '' another human . 
   information and education does n't work . 
  people have biology lessons in the schools and still they ca n't tell what 's a life , when it beging and how it 's `` made '' . 
  there 's always a `` risk '' if you decide to have sex , but unless someone is raping you , this is your decissions and you should face the consequences . 
  yeah , lets `` abort '' the sick and poor people , that would save alot of the `` social costs '' . 
  the way of your reasoning disgusts me . 
  the people have emotions , but most of them do n't mind russian tourists and students . 
  we allow russians , belarussians and ukrainians to study here , also kaliningrad has a visa free movement with bordering regions . 
  never heard about them being mistreated in any way . 
  [ yes , they were abandoned ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2009/world/americas/09/17/united.states.missile.shield/ ) . 
   before the missile shield plans were revealed and when these plans were abandoned , russia deployed missiles ... 
  it 's all the same in every other case , every move towards russian demands is viewed as a weakness and meets with such actions . 
  do n't worry , we hate germany as well  seriously , it 's not about any hatred or emotions , at least not in the politics . 
  we have many common interests with germany and many opposite with russia . 
  what presence ? 
  they just left their last stronghold in syria . 
  in europe i 's all about busyness , gas and oli , not even moldova is reliable as i 've mentioned , belarus is all they can control . 
  it 's all about resources , the money and a bit about their nuclear stockpile . 
  without that russia would be just a wasteland . 
  as for the willpower , it 's another differtence between eu and usa , but unfortunatelly both leaderships of these are incompetent , idealistic and nothing compared to the cold kgb colonel putin . 
  possibly , but they also have these radars on ships and i mean exactly the same radars . 
  it 's more simbolic than actually useful and as i 've said it will change nothing about our security , which is not really endagered by russian nukes , their threats are also just simbolic ... 
  lets say it 's all `` diplomacy '' and lets not make a drama . 
  our interests are similar to these of usa at least in this case and at least now . 
  eu is gutless and corrupted , in many cases depended on russia and member states often are making busyness with then over our heads and against our vital interests . 
  you know gerhard schroeder , right ? 
  usa has no such obligations or connections and still it was `` resetting '' its relations , in fact showing weakness which was imidieatelly used by russia . 
  their foreign policy is short sighted and seems to be completly messy , not to mention the intelligence which is so clumsy that everybody knows about trheir activity . 
  russia has no influence beyond the former soviet union , the so called `` commonwealth of independent states '' and even there it 's loosing its grip over georigia or ukraine , moldova is not stable ( despite the presence of transnistria ) and azerbaijan is obviously against armenia , ahich is the last `` allie '' of russia in that region . 
  baltic states are beyond their reach since quite a bit of time . 
  so ... where 's that influence of russia ? 
  central asia and belarus , all of these ruled by the former communists which secured their power for life . 
  i 'm sure that russians would like to see their country as a competitor of nato or eu and the whole `` west '' , but it 's no more the cold war and russia is not a soviet union , it also has no serious satellites anymore . 
  china has its interests in africa , for example in sudan , not to mention the surrounding south east asia . 
  i guess you 've heard about the tensions with vietnam and phillipines , but they 're also teasing japan . 
  china is not as passive as it may appear . 
  the improovement is slow or just about some pathetic propaganda simbolics like pendolino . 
  the same guys messed up pkp by its `` privatisation '' anyway . 
  it 's not enough to buy some train or build several stations in the major cities , but it 's always good for the politicians to cut the ribbon and take a picture . 
  yes , it would be probably not a target , at least not for now , since russian interests are reduced to the post soviet states , excluding former satellites . 
  considering history , neutrality is not an option in this region , we ca n't oppose two strongest countries on the continent . 
   sensible diplomatic attitudes what do you mean ? 
  i thought that the attitude was quite `` sensible '' all along 90s and later up until recently and i 'm quite sure you 've heard nothing about the military conflicts in the post soviet area . 
  not to mention these iskanders in kaliningrad or provocative manouavres with belarus . 
  i guess you 've heard nothing negative about russia until the last year , ok ... maybe something about homosexuals since they 're so extremly important . 
  russia is not a competition for nato , next to the other brics countries it looks really weak . 
  iskanders shouild be the main reason for installing abm , at least as a simbolic response , but this is not the case here . 
  it 's not about land forces . 
  european armies are little for political reasons , a naive belief in the end of history and eternal peace . 
  the peace may be between united and allied nations , but eu and nato has some borders and poland is a one of them .
