  who ? 
  pis was always `` russophobic '' , they usually do n't change position on any issue , which is also wrong . 
  never heard anything about that . 
  they 're rather in touch with torys , cameron even asked the pm szyd\u0142o to meet yesterday , they 're still in ecr which is a third biggest ep faction but isolated by the `` progressive '' coalition . 
  so what if kaczy\u0144ski says that a new treaty is needed `` to devolve power of eu '' , german and french fms call for something opposite . 
  anyway i guess you mean prof. krystyna paw\u0142owicz which is indeed anti eu but a single , isolated and controversial voice in the party and she never was a minister , just a mp . 
  you 're just confusing people and facts but anyway pis has nothing to do with ukip . 
   the new agency , which is formally a legal extension of frontex , will have a pool of 1,500 guards at its disposal , and will remain based in warsaw . 
  that 's nice except that the biggest problems are with greek borders and thanks to them also with the borders of hungary and croatia . 
  poland can and should secure its borders better , especially when we 're dealing with a lot of crime in ukraine . 
  really ? 
  remind me when exactly and in which way , please . 
  then i will gladly tell you when and how donald and `` liberals '' or `` democrates '' from the mass media looked up to putin . 
  so , how vladimir behaved actually , what did he said about it ? 
  and another question ... who 's farrage at now ? 
  how many `` sabres '' they have in parliament and what 's the purpose of the uk independence party after the `` independence '' was regained ? 
  the final - iceland vs poland :d really guys , thanks for this game , it was the best so far on euro in my opinion . 
  no offence france but you have no chances . 
  citation ? 
   lost their polish identity that 's zensus 2011 . 
  i can only guess that was self determination and declared etchnicity , if german gov is not supressing them anymore then i guess they 're free to learn in polish schools and attend catholic churches . 
  wrong comparation , if you failed to see that then i must inform you that poland is bordering germans since at least a one millenium . 
  in medieval germans immigrated to poland , in the industrial age poles immigrated to germany . 
  the difference is mostly that german immigrants were invited by the polish authorities while the poles were kicked out by the german establishment from pomerelia and greater poland in xixc . 
  also , arabs are not moving in to poland . 
  yes , i admit it 's unclear , as most of these points because they 're just some opinions of french and german fms but these are the two most important diplomats in eu now . 
  honestly , i 've lost the last bits of trust to steinmeir after what he said about the recent nato drills in poland , the french do n't even bother to support this or the baltic exercises . 
  they should start devbeloping these eu forces and cooperatiuon instead of talking , proposing more treaties or just ignoring and allowing the illegall immigrants . 
  i think they do n't care what people thinks , they 'll try to keep pushing everything by the goverments and advertise it throught the leftist media with primitive slogans , as they did before . 
  if this is what they 've learned from uk referendum then soros is right that eu is doomed to collapse . 
  you ca n't have a single unified army and national at the same time unless one will be just a decoration , as it is at now ( because there is eu military ) . 
  so , how `` relatively old '' has to be some community to be considered as that ? 
  also in north-rhine westphalia they seems to be quite [ concentrated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poles_in_germany#population_distribution ) . 
  yes , you are . 
  it 's also about a common military , not an alliance such as nato and you ca n't have both so it would be a `` ban '' on national armies . 
  you 're getting emotional because it 's nothing uncommon for every media to make a drama for this or the other reason or to advertise some agenda , you just disagree with this one . 
  you 're in minority , even in a quite supportive for eu poland people are strongly opposing common currency , common asylum policy ( so the idea of relocations and quotas ) and they will oppose a common army ( once even proposed by `` eurosceptic '' kaczy\u0144ski ) , common penal code and taxes . 
  this kind of radical ideas will only backfire because i hardly doubt that these incompetent fools will be able to enforce anything before they 'll be voted out in elections . 
  yes but poland granted these rights to the few germans just for political , international relations and i see no reason why our gov should n't use our minorities and diaspora for the benefit of our politics . 
  i told you , it does n't matter how you call it . 
  you 're missing the point because of some irrational obsessions about a one name or some party . 
  ok so call it extrastate , or whatever . 
  the point is even more centralised power , legislation and economy , thus even less authority of national , elected representatives . 
  personal attacks are not allowed , keep your emotions to yourself . 
   i agree with pretty much most of the things that are proposed so what 's your problem ? 
  call it as you wish , `` superstate '' fits perfectly and i 'm sure you 'd not be so trigerred if some `` progressive '' media will call it this way . 
  does n't matter anyway , it 's a bad time and wrong direction , these `` elites '' are completely separated from reality but they 'll not be able to ignore the people forever . 
  there already is proposal of an [ european border and coast guard ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_border_and_coast_guard ) . 
  a one american guy was so nice to post a transcript of that document here . 
  no matter how you call it , it 's welcomed by the internationalists and their media as every integration and centralisation of power , the `` problem '' is that these people are becoming smaller minority by every day . 
  so , after how many centuries immigrants are becoming a `` minority '' ? 
  nobody 's going to ask me , if i disagree i would be able only to vote for some ( real ) eurosceptics that will organise a secession referendum . 
  and this is what 's going to happend especially in the major eu member states , all of which have support for eu way below 50 % already . 
  i wonder ... what will be the result of fpo in next elections , if the last one will not be repeated . 
  thank you for an `` argument '' to grant the poles a minority status in germany but i have no idea why are you adressing it to me . 
  sure , what eu needs at now is a one more treaty and even more `` integration '' , as always . 
  possibly it 's just pr and of course it 's a crime to care about voters ... or it 's just a bargaining chip . 
  no idea why they do n't qualify for minority status but these few germans in upper silesia were given that in 90s just for politicial reasons and because of german `` nationalist '' diplomacy and `` idiot '' fm . 
  great news for marine le pen , geert wilders and the other ( real ) eurosceptics ... 
  because we trust news sites controlled by other `` fascist '' governemnts like dw ? 
  the reason for that outcry was the party , not the fact that the public media were `` annexed '' because that 's exactly what every new gov did so far , including the gov of donald in 2010 . 
  besides , is n't it good news ? 
  i thought that `` moar integration '' is a solution for every problem that you have ... 
   forced to leave how ? 
  which treaty gives germany or france a power to `` force '' a member state to leave the union ? 
   eurosceptic ruling party ... which campaigned in favour of accession and still supports eu , no matter the reasons . 
  the ruling party of poland should be the least of your worries , first ask the actual europeans if they want it unless you wants to have a real eurosceptic le pen , wilders and others in charge soon , very soon . 
  internationalist radicals are just destroying this once attractive idea of eu and people are beginning to hate it , not even the very pro eu poles will accept this lunatic proposal . 
   idiot with this entire referendum idea democracy is such a silly system in which the `` stupid people '' decide and not the `` brilliant elites '' . 
  learn to play the game and do n't whine about the rules . 
   people should calm down first . 
  wow , the first reasonable comment i 've seen on this sub in few days . 
  i suppose there 's no problem about romania but ukraine is in a terrible shape and does n't have even stabilised borders . 
  visegrad group should rather start creating any serious common institutions or agreements if it wants to be anything but a simbolic group of loosely cooperating ( or usually not cooperating at all ) states . 
  72 % according to pew research center . 
  there 's at least [ 72 % support ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/ ) for eu in poland , in czechoa it 's quite low but you should be rather worried about all the other major eu states polled by pew ... or you can whine , complain and pretend to be perfect just like the brillaint eu leadersip and its supporters do . 
  when ? 
  and what does it mean more or less `` europe '' ? 
  quit fooling around with these childish slogans , the situation is serious and the question is not if europeans wants less `` europe '' but if they wants less centralisation . 
  with whole respect to your own , personal and private opinions , there 're [ opinion polls ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/07/euroskepticism-beyond-brexit/ ) which you and especially the `` elites '' should not ignore because then these opinions turn into elections and referendums . 
  there 's no `` reform '' anyway and no reasonable reaction to this crisis , as usually the brainniacs from eu do n't know what to do and they 're only worsening the whole crisis which can end with the whole project going down the shitter . 
  thretening , arrogance and childish propaganda only worked for voting leave and it will work in other states if nothing will change . 
  according to you . 
  britain , as every member state is allowed to get out of eu , it 's not a prison yet and that 's not any special deal . 
  i do n't care about the politicians but these comments about the people and democratic process are just disgraceful , foolish and again turn others against you . 
  you 're reacting in the same emotional and vindictive way but you 're forgetting that uk is still in europe and it 's a major european state , these petty quarrels will affect them as well as us . 
  i do n't say it is and it does n't matter anyway . 
  we 've had a referendum in 2004 to join the european community under the treaty of nice , nobody asked us about the treaty of lisbon , ireland was forced to vote twice becuase they voted the `` wrong '' way after the same constitution was rejected by the dutch and french . 
  that 's clearly authoritarism , not democracy . 
  polls will never give you a clear answer and they have no consequences but in this case they showed a very close vote with about a half of voters opposing eu . 
  now , what about these legendary `` federalists '' , are there any of them outside of eu offices , palaces and mass media ? 
  and i do n't mean the few in reddit . 
  anyway , what i 'm trying to say is that a one radical stance is reaction for another extreme and when you 're supporting a one side , you ca n't be surprised by reaction of another . 
  that 's not what i 'm asking about . 
  and what kind of a `` reform '' these incompetent fools would be capable of coming with ? 
  let me guess , giving even more power to themselfs so they can fail in more fields ? 
  britain do n't have to participate in anything , they already resigned from that decorative and usueles `` presidency '' and they 'll rather abstaun from votes in ep unless that would damage them . 
  the reaction of eu is purely emotional and just childish . 
  look at the opinion polls , even in spain majority is against eu , same goes for denmark , netherlands and even in france and sweden you have big numbers of opponents , not to mention greece ... 
  so , who except for a bunch of arrogant `` enlightened '' leftist wants that internationalist superstate ?
