  and just how he `` reverts '' something he was saying from the beginning ? 
  you do n't have to belive , but at least you could try to be fair . 
  i repeat it 's not my problem , nor the fault of duda that someone misunderstood him or has no idea about how the president 's office works . 
  most of people do n't know a thing about politics and it applies to the voters of every party . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not an economist , but it 's really wrong that the people who earn so little has to pay income tax and it 's ridiculous to tax the ones who gets retirement pensions or another support from the state . 
  yes , just like hundrets of others , he accused his political opponents for something they did n't done and had to apologise for it . 
  if every politician would be judged for false accusations , they 'd all need to apologise . 
  man , i 've just linked his speech and i could find dozens similar . 
  it 's not my problem if someone misunderstood it or just manipulates for political reasons . 
  so what if his opinion is that it `` needs '' to be lowered ? 
  personally i think it should n't be , so what ? 
  these are just opinions . 
  ridiculous ? 
  it 's just the way the system works . 
  it is a public job , no doubt about that , but it 's also not given just to anybody who 's a party member or a relative . 
  besides , the public universities are usually far better than the private ones . 
  ok , so which actions prooves that he lied ? 
  ... and above that ? 
  no , he obviously is n't . 
  you may not know the difference , but he should and probably knows , it 's just propaganda for campaign . 
  do n't know what other evidence you wants ... 
  he was promising exctly what he said , not what the gov and its massmedias heard . 
  difference is also that the parliament ca n't just ignore such a project like the `` civic '' party was doing with every , it has to be voted . 
  indeed , he 's much worse . 
  should i give you some examples , or will you start judging people after their deeds instead of words ? 
  how many people in poland earns 8k pln a year ? 
  20 millions ? 
  btw . 
  when donald rised vat he said it 's just for a one year . 
  obviously he lied , again . 
  it does matter , you 're just wrong or misinformed . 
  ... he said it from the beginning , i 've heard that many times and i know what kind of power has president in poland . 
  edit : [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=taokvi52bso ) you have his speech from frebruary where he clearly says about a legislative project . 
  it took me just a minute to find it and i 'm sure that the gov propagandists knows it as well . 
  so you have n't seen promises of donald yet and in opposite to duda , he had a long time to proove what kind of liar he is . 
  you do n't have to love the new president , but ffs he just took the office today so how could he broke his promises already ? 
  what evidences ? 
  wrong or not , this kind of language belongs to some publicists , not to the finance minister . 
  opposition gets no funding in this way , there 're some rules about financing the political parties , but indeed the connections between these people does n't look good . 
  anyway , the ruling party had 8 years to do something about it , but they suddently discovered that there 's something wrong and conicidentally that was during the campaign . 
  even gw would be less biased source , no matter that both are just mouthpieces of the ruling party . 
  fortunatelly all the lefty massmedias `` discovered '' that even before he was sweared in ... why do n't they and you judge the gov which is ruling since 8 years ? 
  not every taxpayer earns 8k a year , that 's even below the margin of extreme poverty . 
  no , he did n't changed anything . 
  wish the other politicians would be judged as harshly as he is , even before he took the office . 
  then maybe we would n't have such pathologic liars like donald for 7 years in the office . 
  so , the work in university is not `` normal '' ? 
  i would n't say he was `` nobody '' , he was n't the guy from the first pages for sure , but even such a post communist paper like `` polityka '' appreciated his activity in parliament . 
  personally , i 'm tierd of these party leaders which run in every elections for the past 25 years and that 's even more impressive if duda could convince majority in such a short time . 
  sorry , but i do n't trust a finance minister which calls the credit unions a `` ponzi scheme '' . 
  he 's acting more like a propagandist than a minister . 
  about retirement age i think that 's a bad idea , but if someone would want to have lower pensions after less time of work , it should be allowed . 
  the real madness is to tax the people who already are being aided by the state and especially those who get as little as 8 thousand a year . 
  also , note that we 're talking just about the income tax , which is nothing compared to vat . 
  already the single mothers are being supported and this is the real reason why people are n't getting married , not that they need some `` civil unions '' . 
  demographics and emmigration are big problems in poland and nothing seriously was done to improove the situation . 
  please ... instytu obywatelski is a `` think tank '' of the ruling party . 
   common surname all across central and eastern europe yes , there 's even a slovak player in legia warsaw which name is ... andrzej ( ondrej ) duda . 
  conservative people elected conservative respresentant ... horrors !, 
  at least this one in educated , intelligent and knows foreign languages , unlike his laughtable predecessor . 
  finance minister already says that `` we '' ca n't afford a higher tax free threshold , which is a bullshit . 
  eight thusand z\u0142oty a year is nothing , it would be still the lowest threshold in europe and only few , shit poor people would benefit from it . 
  most of these people are already getting social aid or pensions , it 's just ridiculous to tax them . 
   one term president . 
  we 'll see about that . 
  for now we only know that komorowski was a one term persident , fortunatelly . 
  it 's absolutelly obvious that both the old gov and the new president use their position and unfortunatelly the public money for a campaign which is going on since presidential elections . 
  both of them will try to waste money for their promises , except that the gov has far bigger power to do so and president can only send a legislative project to the parliament , which means nothing . 
  i was an atheist before it was in fashion ... 
  i 'm not an intolerant totalist who prevents people from having their opinions or beliefs , the problem here is not that , but radicalism and it 's not any excuse if you attack clergy , especially in a place full of secular belivers . 
  i know history , but it 's not relevant for this issue and i 've clearly asked for example from present europe . 
  besides , the history of poland is different , there was always [ religious peace ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation ) here , our representation on the council of florence defended jan hus and rector of krak\u00f3w university , pawe\u0142 w\u0142odkowic argued that even pagans should n't be forcefully converted . 
  the country was `` full of heretics and jews '' as the papal legate wrote . 
  what makes me sick is what the national and international socialists did in here . 
  they never begin that `` journey '' anyway , so like i 've said , you 're just imagining things . 
  opinions are a one thing , actions are another and there 're many [ examples ] ( http://spanishnewstoday.com/bomb-attack-in-one-of-spain%e2%80%99s-most-famous-cathedrals_18802-a.html#.vb-esvoqpbc ) of anti theist radicals which i could provide . 
  would you be able to return the favor and instead of liniking ideologically driven comments , give me some facts ? 
  they 're very `` progressive '' and internationalist . 
  instead of just reporting about some events or people and parties , they always have to push some adjectives , positive or negative , depending on their agenda . 
  euronews is extremly biased . 
  also their live stream just sucks , it 's crashing all the time . 
  dw is far better even if they 're also pushing some agenda . 
   ruptly oh , come on ... this is a russian propaganda channel which pretends to show raw footage , but manipulates with the titles and presents some marginal groups of people like they 'd represent considerable parts of society . 
  what `` bigots '' and what trouble ? 
  your excuses are delusional , muslims are not just treated equally in europe , they 're like holy cows which you ca n't criticise to not be accused of `` racism '' . 
  they 're making troubles for the europeans , not the opposite way . 
   when looking at the reality you 're joking , right ? 
  atheist propaganda is not working for the muslims , it 's not reality but just your wishful thinking . 
   radical christians go completely nuts when their religion is criticized as well . 
  verbally , maybe , but it applies to the radical leftys as well , not to mention that it often goes beyond words and eds up in arsnos or bomb attacks . 
  also , i 've seen some peacefull christian demos which were brutaly attacked by the left extreme . 
  anyway , the problem is radicalism , not the opinions or beliefs , but somehow it 's more common amongst certain ideologic or religious groups than the other ones . 
  so are you saying that the muslims in eu are the victims of imperialism , `` racism '' and wars ? 
  now i get it , europe is a real hell for all of these poor `` opressed '' people and that 's why they 're joining isis . 
  so what 's the difference between a mistake and a failure in judgement ? 
  just semantics . 
  it 's really easy to play a smartass and throw accusations from the present perspective when we already know the consequences . 
  let the historians judge it , prosecutors should take care of german criminals and people will be remembering no matter this whole useless barking which is just spoiling the commemorations every year . 
  which ?
