  our troops are risking and sometimes loosing lives in iraq and afghanistan and you call it `` bullshit '' ? 
  your men have nothing to worry about in europe and we 're not asking for any 40.000 troops , no idea where you 're getting it from and i do n't see any of that `` offset '' anywhere , that 's the bullshit . 
  actually , what did you done for us , ever ? 
  which recent european wars you 're talking about ? 
  poland supported invasion of iraq with 194 troops , mostly special units and we would probably sent more if only american gov would ask us to do so . 
  the polish division was 2.500 strong but also the whole international division of 2.000 men and a one occupation zone was under our command and they all moved out just because you asked us to do so . 
  we did not withdrawn from afghanistan . 
  i have another question , why would iran support just this party and what would it expect in return ? 
  and the reason is `` extereme dictatorship '' ? 
  yes , i 'm not sure how 's the median but it could be around 5 % . 
  it 's also good that the growth is quite stable compared to the others , even in crisis but as you can see it was also hrowing quite well before eu accession in 2004 . 
  thanks . 
  i think we were even better in the next game but germany was also better that time and won it . 
  we 'll see how 's that going to be this time . 
  good luck tommorow , 
  are you sugessting that they rigged elections ? 
  sure i 'm rooting for [ our team ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thtjaekqhyq ) . 
  vamos polonia , yay !, 
  that was a good game . 
  i 'm really impressed by the romanian team . 
  2015 [ polska - niemcy 2:0 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apmqx-9q8w0 ), 
  do n't i have any other options ? 
   massive deployments to the ukraine wait , what ?!, 
  trust me , i 'd love to see polan stronk again but currently we concentrated on sending troops to fight your wars in afghanistan , iraq and syria . 
  a country annexing territory of another is something we have n't seen in europe since wwii , it is a bid deal . 
  you have no idea about these states . 
  i do n't want to feel like a thief and we do n't really need it , but this was also not our idea so do n't blame people for taking advantage of your ~ ~ stupid ~ ~ socialist goverments ... 
   ~ 5 % per year or more [ nope ] ( https://www.google.pl/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_kd_zg&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:pol:rom&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=en&amp;dl=en&amp;ind=false ), 
  same here , the funniest thing is to see some communist farts babbling about opressive regime . 
  really ? 
  nobody was complaining and that was democracy , not dictatorship like it 's at now . 
   the liberals were n't they just rebranded communists ? 
  that was my impression , but it does n't matter anyway . 
  the same was obama , unexperienced `` outsider '' going for a `` change '' and `` reset '' , it 's just campaign and i 've seen too many of them to take another seriously . 
  turkey is a threat to stability of europe because of the illegall migrants that are crosing its territory , no matter if turks just ca n't control it or if they control and send them in to make some profitable deals with weak european leders . 
  moscow is a different kind of a threat and i do n't mean some invasion which is very unlikely , it 's rather massive propaganda , lobbying , corrupting and sponsoring political parties and movements which are serving their interests and it goes as far as ep and german chancellors . 
  i 'd rather prefere to not depend on usa or turkey for defence and saudis for oil and gas , but moscow leavs us very little choice . 
  i do n't see `` the east '' sponsoring parties or some organisations lobbying and protesting against brexit , some authorities gets even annoyed when americans or the others speak about it . 
  my point is and i repeat that again , just that the homosexualists are indeed supported by some goverments and international organisations . 
  i do n't say if it 's good or bad , it 's just a fact and if you ca n't stand me saying that then just downvote me ... 
  artificially fixed prices ( including oil ) , nationalisation of industry and even farms , overall central planned economy with no regard to people 's demands or supply ... that 's actually communism and it always ends the same way . 
  that 's something else , note that turkey has and actually controls access to the black sea and in this way is also conected to ukraine and crimea . 
  i do n't like cooperating with wrdogan and especially saudis , but i 'd not want to sponsor russian army and putin 's oligarchs . 
  you 're seriously demonising trump , over estimating some empty declarations and his or his opponents campaign . 
  obama got even a nobel peace prize because of that irrational reaction in europe to his election ... 
  so , maybe this time lets wait and judge trump for what he does , not what he says , if he gets the office of course . 
  no idea what 's `` neocon '' about interventionism , republican and democratic presidents were doing that since at least wwii for various reasons . 
   vision of a united europe yeah , the one and only `` vision '' in which germany gives orders and others follow without asking questions . 
  we do honor our and international asylum laws , like dublin treaty which you suspended , we do follow schengen treaty which you ignored when greece violated it and bashed hungary when they enforced it . 
  and then , after taking in every unregistred , illegal immigrant you closed your southern border like true hypocrites . 
  if refugees or immigrants wants to settle in poland they can follow the legal proceeding . 
  if about a million ukrainians can do it , work and study instead of leeching social benefits , then your `` refugees '' can do it to but not when you give them everything for free . 
  turkey actually have some muscle , poland is still weak , not to mention romania . 
  i 'd love to isolate erdogan for what he 's doing , but he leads quite a powerful country which has some common interests . 
  doubt so . 
  same was said about obama , i remember how much he was cheered in europe because of replacing bush , his secretary clinton made a `` reset '' with russia and resigned from abm to appease moscow . 
  it did n't worked . 
   why should we in the us give a rat 's ass about the ukraine , the baltics , or belarus . 
  `` you forgot poland '' ... baltics are members of nato and that means we all have some obligations , with or without you we 're not going to leave them alone . 
  afaik that was 4 years , after almost two cadentions of psoe which gaved up and left the country in crisis for pp . 
  since some time i can see quite a stable recovery and recently even quite spectacular growth so maybe the policy of pp was not so bad . 
  i 'm no expert , but i 've heard contradicting things about ciudadanos , some call them another podemos , some another pp , like you and i have no idea who to believe . 
  that 's not my opinion and i 've said it quite clearly . 
  i just think that socialism is the problem and not the solution . 
  nobody is forcing you to vote for remnants of the past regime , i was also terribly disappointed to see people voting for rebranded leftist party in 90s and electing their president twice , still i ca n't stand it that none of them was ever punished for a far more brutal and devastating rule . 
  times are changing and i 'm sure that 's completely different generation in spain , especially if francoist regime ended in 70s . 
  i can imagine , populism and emotions works for every party , they just have different narrations . 
  that 's really no change , except that podemos joined with united left and still i do n't see any stable coalition unless some three parties will make it . 
  also i really do n't get these spaniards which votes podemos after their amigos wrecked venezuela , not that i suspect them of doing exactly the same , but still i do n't think that even more socialism will help spanish uenemployment and economy . 
  what `` democratisation '' ? 
  if you mean common agricultural policy ( cap ) then it 's common , everywhere around eu , except that our farmers are still getting smaller subsidy than the others ... 
  the free movement , trade and work are the same , common eu policies and while some countries allowed it from the beginning , the others like germany waited for years until the last moment allowed by the treaties . 
  anyway the emmigrants do n't boost our gnp but rather the countries they emmigrate to . 
  you do n't even know what nationalism is . 
  thanks , i think i 've heard also something about it . 
  still , no idea about hungary . 
  sure , that 's your opinion , the point was just that these people and their political demands are supported by the `` west '' . 
  are n't the homosexualist demonstrations supported by norwegian and swedish embassy in warsaw ? 
  eu is also quite supportive of their political agenda . 
  in this case it just is `` western '' backing all around the eastern europe . 
  [ how did george soros `` break the bank of england '' ? ], 
  ( http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/08/george-soros-bank-of-england.asp ), 
   rising anti-semitism i 've heard that 's rising in france and sweden , nothing about hungary . 
  the problem is obviouslt with greece being incapable of controlling its borders and turkey which suddently , years after the war in syria and iraq started , begun sending these people to europe . 
  what germany does is terribly irresponsible and demoralising , these people should n't be given false hopes and encouraged to violate borders but rather sheltered in migrant / refugee camps in greece and processed there . 
  to macedonia or bulgaria , just like greek trains do ? 
  there 's about a million ukrainians working and studying in poland , there 's visa free border movement and nothing special happends . 
  crime is decreasing constantly since years . 
  i feel like we left you alone too , the gov of donald completely changed our eastern politics , appeased russia and followed germany on every step explaining that 's the pragmatic approach in opposite to the `` romantic '' or irrational . 
  the russian invasion and actions of your former president also scared and discouraged many people . 
  the people do n't want illegal muslim immigrants , they 're emotional ( same as pro immigrant leftists ) and governments should just represent them instead of following orders from germany . 
  they will respect it anyway , but quietly and for the public they 're going to oppose that . 
  i agree we should help protecting schengen borders but if greece is not capable then it should n't just dump illegall migrants on a border with macedonia and belgaria to mess these countries . 
  except for the latter , greece has no other border with eu country . 
   when it was made public in 2014 , the executive summary of the 6,000-page report confirmed that poland 's former president , aleksander kwasniewski , signed off on the use of a cia black site in the country , though he denied knowledge of torture . 
  he should be judged and punished by state tribunal for that but every single party wants to keep good relations with americians when they actually revelealed everything to make poland take the blame and pay compensations . 
   forward you mean the one and only pre determined progress ^ ^ tm ? 
  as for now the eu is struggling with several issues and instead of facing them , adressing and solving or preventing , the bunch of ruling internationalists pretends that everything can be solved just with `` integration '' and burning even more money . 
  we do n't need any more visions or illusions , but a bit of sane and rational policies with a lot of hard work . 
   hate towards brown people yeah , it 's all about emotions , everything would be swell and gay if not just these haters and phobes ...
