   how you are going to afford a child , if you ca n't even afford a baby ? 
  i guess you mean `` how can you afford a child if you ca n't afford aborting it '' ... why do n't we abort the poor and sick people instead of helping them ? 
  good luck about discussing it here . 
  i 've tried several times purely from biologic pov and it 's just depressing to see some `` philosophic '' excuses for aborting humans in return . 
  how about opinions of biologists , at least about what 's a `` body '' ( rather organism ) since you already mentioned that ? 
  aborting people should n't be allowed and it 's just sick that some use womens `` rights '' against the rights of their babies . 
  it should be done anyway and a long time ago , at least we could send our air force . 
  we should also never join uk and usa in invasion and occupation of iraq . 
  it 's not that we need troops , but rather a simbolic message that our allies are seriously commited to fulfill their obligatiuons if that would be necessary . 
  russia also should get this message finally because they 're provoking us with massive monoeuvres in belarus and kalingrad and ballistic missiles in there . 
  this is going on for years and just until the invasion of ukraine they were ignored by the rest of eu and nato . 
  your excuses are amusing . 
  why ca n't you `` moderates '' accept the result of elections when some `` anomaly '' happends and you 're loosing power ? 
  just get over it and do n't whine . 
  the `` sentiment '' is just about the german politics towards poland and europe . 
  some of their comments went too far , but the same could be said about german politicians and commentators . 
  do n't take it seriously , there 's no anti german sentiment neither in society , nor in the gov and nobody would mind your troops exercising on our territory . 
  have you heard about the wendish crusade ? 
  germans , like everybody else then , used religion for their expansive politics , but they just made several nations extinct . 
  there 's only a small group of lusatian sorbs left and the only pommeranians today are kashubians . 
  there was also varna crusade and many more . 
  interesting , were or are your governments also cooperating with vietnamesse far left regime to control the anti communist opposition ? 
  the crimes of far lefty regimes are much more than just a period of so caled `` stalinism '' and even if , it 's said that communism ended about 25 years ago , so there was enough of time to judge these criminals . 
  i suppose that 's why it 's such a terrible `` crime '' that orban sent these old farts on early retirement . 
  as far as i know prosecutors were veryfied in poland , but unfortunatelly not the judges , the worst ones , responsible for death sentences and accused by the prosecutors of ipn are hideing in israel or ... sweden . 
  stefan michnik lives in sweden . 
  apparently they 're so tolerant that they can host communist murderers . 
  kiszczak was probably the only high ranking official of that regime which was ever sentenced in poland , i think that was a year ago , but the punishment was never executed and then he died . 
  this is why the authorities of these far lefty regimes should be judged and i do n't meen a kangaroo court organised by securitate to eliminate caucescu with his wife . 
  i still do n't know why not a single communist dictator was sentenced , ever . 
  it should be enough to look around and think . 
  should i link some opinions of psychiatrists about merkel , or maybe some of the dozens articles posted already on / r/europe ? 
  even without those banned and closed by censorship . 
  if you 're good then you should n't have problems , the people would help once you have some work and connections . 
  i used to know a one serbian guy which immigrated to warsaw , but he was probably illegall and definetly not a soft developer ... 
  i do n't blame them , they are n't `` refugees '' but immigrants and in contrary to the polish they 're illegall . 
  most of them also is unable or unwilling to adapt , work and live by the rules of their host countries . 
  it 's going to be a huge social disaster , as if there are n't tensions already ... 
  if germany wants them it 's thier problem , but they should n't try to force it on the other countries with some ridiculous idea of `` quotas '' . 
  seriously , i do n't quite get your question . 
  the refugees have just intention to escape the war to the nearest safe place and survive , these `` refugees '' are crossing half of the continent and dozen of peacefull countries just to get into a one country which invites them and promises handsom benefits . 
  there 's also that group of `` refugees '' in calais . 
  is it a big claim ? 
  it 's just what is happening . 
  unfortunatelly i do n't know much about history of yugoslavia , but the whole point was that british just abandoned several governments and countries . 
  well , that 's really fucked up . 
  you have to consider also the purchasing power and expenses . 
  people will work to survive , sometimes in hard conditions and for pathetic wages , but if they have a choice , they 're emmigrating . 
  btw . 
  i was corrected that it 's not 14 , but 12 z\u0142oty ( about 3 $ ) . 
  yeah , i think poland is the only european country which does it . 
  ok , i confused something , it 's 12 as you say . 
  that coup was a reaction to plans of joining the axis by regent , it was not just supported by the british , but also many yugoslav parties , including communists . 
  legitimate or not , britain used it , same as king peter and abandoned . 
  and i do mind people which pretend to be `` refugees '' while crossing illegally borders of several eu countries just to get benefits in germany . 
  they do n't want to stay in hungary or poland and earn their living so do n't tell me that some forced `` quotas '' of these people can fill the gaps in our work markets . 
  oh boo hoo , such a `` target '' they were because few guys complained . 
  honestly , i 'm not surprised if just in few years poles became the biggest minorities in britain , ireland , norway and iceland . 
  but again , poland does n't make the rules and these people are migrating legally to work instead of just taking money in `` refugee '' camps and spending on cigarettes and alcohol . 
  there was gov of yugoslavia in exile under king peter which fled the german invasion . 
  the communist gov of josif broz vel `` tito '' was something else , but since they were bribed to not join the warsaw pact and isolate from soviets , it was allright ... until the cold war ended of course . 
  i have a terrible idea ( please do n't hate me for that ) ... pozna\u0144ski is quite a typical jewish name , so lets blame the jews . 
  seriously , i hope the guy will be captured and isolated asap . 
  yes , the last time we 've had a central planned economy ... on a serious note , there 're some ideas in polish gov to rise the minimal wage up to 14 z\u0142oty ( about 3,5 $ ) per hour , but there 's no way to compete with wages in other countries , except for ukraine . 
  most of these `` refugees '' wants to spent money , not earn and moreover , they wants the money of german taxpayers . 
  recently they 're crossing the border with poland ( illegally ) from some camps just to get cheeper cigarettes and booze . 
  i 've heard somewhere about it and also that the current governments collaborate with far left regime of vietnam in the same way , but they also allow to hire ... north koreans . 
  it could all be different if not for that , but this is ahistoric thinking . 
  at the end of war they 've had no means to do anything about soviet spoils of war , even if they 'd have a political will . 
  i 've heard they 're going to slovakia and czech rep as well , but poland is closer and much bigger , it 's also quite easy to get a 6 months work visa and employers just beg for more workers . 
  not just ukrainians , but also russians and belarussians are allowed to study in poland for free and they all can applie for work visas , but if i remember well , it was made easier for ukrainians . 
  i know few belarussians , but there 's not so much of them and the last time i was on my university , it was full of russians ( i guess ) . 
  generalizing is wrong ... in general . 
  and this difference is called `` chavinism '' . 
  why is it so hard to admit the faults of socialism and communism without any `` buts '' and why you blame everything on just a one ideology ? 
  it sounds like some extreme bias . 
  also , just because the communists had their brutal etchnic policies , they were n't nationalist , but quite the opposite . 
  fascism was exclusive for italy and its creator was also a socialist , even worked in some paper of socialist party . 
  it 's really too much complex to put all of these countries into a one bag , i know very little about portugal , but in spain the ( more or less ) `` fascist '' movement was falage , franco was a militar , not a politician and he created his own `` movement '' . 
  besides , if we speak about wars , there was n't any that portugal or spain were involved in then , except for a civil war which is different issue . 
  there 's quite a bit of vietnamesse in poland as well , russians are mostly coming for studying or shopping ( visa free area around kaliningrad ) . 
   it would have taken a ww3 it would be enough to stood up to germany and actually fulfill the obligations of alliance . 
  france should invade germany in 16 days after invasion of poland and vice versa , instead of that soviets invaded the next day . 
  what about yugoslavia ? 
  france betrayed czechoslovakia even before the war and yes , poland jumped in to take back some little disputed area which made the interwar relations very bitter . 
  britain had no obligations afaik , but it supported `` appeasment '' for its particular reasons until it was too late . 
   romania it was a member of so called [ `` little entente '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_entente ) , they were allied to france . 
  it has been enough of russian provocations , manoeuvres and wars on eu and nato borders . 
  this is just the answer and another clear message that russia went too far this time and it 's not going to be ignored anymore . 
  you obviously ignored my points , the most of conflicts based on nationalism were rebellions against xixc empires . 
  just tell me , should nations govern themselves or should they be subjected to some international `` empires '' ? 
  you 're confusing racism and chavinism with nationalism and you fail to see that national socialist german workers party was both , national and socialist . 
  again , you ignored the other mentioned regime and i never said that socialism was a reason for wars and occupation , but in this case it was rather fantic belief and agressive spreading of this ideology . 
  i feel sorry for east germany , even if it 's probably far richer than poland . 
  this is another map in which that area is standing out and not in a positive way . 
  edit : invest in eastern poland , please !, 
  are you a monarchist or internationalist ? 
  nationalist movements in xixc were mostly about liberation of nations from `` empires '' or unification of states like germany and italy . 
  in xxc it resulted in the rule of self determination introduced by wilson , an american president . 
  then two militaristic regimes which could n't get over the result of first ww launched another ww and the victrorious one occupied half of the continent until 1991/3 , both of these regimes were socialist ...
