   after this tape sienkiewicz retired no , not after this tape . 
  expertises can differ , but just to consider this kind of solutions , demand resignation of a minister of finances , or plotting against director of stock exchange ... it 's all just unacceptable . 
  i 'm not going to defent this guy , he seems unreliable and i do n't know if he broke the law . 
  what really matters here is that becouse of him the whole scandal will not be swept under the carpet by the gov and its medias . 
   standards so we care about the `` standards '' suddently ? 
   libertarian brainwashing wat ? 
  which social nets exactly ? 
  they broke some completly unimportant declarations , or just populist slogans , without any consequences for the economy or the state . 
  they never promised to not make a coalition with these parties , both pis and po were promising `` grand coalition '' and obviously it 's not possible to say which party broke it . 
  sikorski made it less diplomatic , but clear `` we need to f. . up pis '' . 
  besides , it does n't matter what they belive in , the point is they wanted to mess the economy just to get a temprary results and just for elections . 
  this is nothing new anyway , they 've made several budgets just for elections ( like in 2009 ) and later they had to fix it . 
  honestly , you 're really naive if you still belives in their intentions . 
  no offence . 
  i 'm not happy , there 's nothing to cheer about when your goverent happens to be a bunch of crooks . 
  about the personal data , it 's the same , if he did n't publish that , but just re-published or linked , he 's not guilty . 
  it is , but it 's also the least important part of this story . 
  the only `` victims '' of this crime are those corrupted politicians , the victim of thier crimes is the whole society . 
  i remeber it very well when current gov made a great scandal becouse someone from the previous one spent 3 z\u0142oty for some fish in a restaurant ... before euro elections there was a scandal involving several deputies and their travels . 
  no matter that sikorski does the same , not to mention that he 's sending gov security for a pizza . 
  this is absolutelly unaccaptable and i 'm quite sure there 're rules against such abuse of public money . 
  criminal or administrative , but they should face the consequences . 
  u/define _ it did it for you already . 
  i know at least that the lefty massmedias will be watching them closely and in between of a load of bullshit and paranoya they can discover something remotely serious , like corruption . 
  the arrogant ruling `` elite '' was spoilt by these `` journalists '' and thought they can do whatever they want , but as we can see , it 's not working anymore . 
  maybe i should ask about it first , if i 'd just care about your `` accusations '' . 
  i 'm not assuming anything and all i 've said about you is that you 're using insults and steretypes . 
  so what if they 'll break their promises , just like everybody else ? 
  the other time they kept them , this time i 'd prefere them not to fulfill at least some of these socialist ideas . 
  nothing special is going to change except that there 'll be less corruption and a shitstorm in lefty massmedias , but those will be at least judging the gov this time . 
  maybe i was n't clear , but i should ask `` how ... did i assumed that you 're supporting gov '' . 
  i just compared both since you criticised the previous one . 
  i have no problem to talk with you or the otherr guy about history , but ffs this is not the point and i 'm tierd of excusing incompetence or frauds of the current gov with the faults of a previous one . 
  no , that 's the essence of just your comments , for a conversation there have to be at least two sides . 
   embracing same can be said about everybody , including you , unless you do n't read anything . 
  may it be , but this is no excuse and i just wanted to show what the gov really cares about , the power and money , that 's all . 
  next time tell me something valuable or at least funny . 
  your primitive insults and steretypes are just boring . 
  i 'm conservative , hate me now . 
  how ? 
  just becouse i compared the previous gov to the one in charge ? 
  how was i justyfying them just by saying they fulfilled their promises ( cba , wsi , taxes , deficite etc. . . ) ? 
  i told you i do n't care about these govs except for what they 're doing and we have a one in charge since eight years , so who 's using that `` whatboutism '' here by talking about some ancient history ? 
  what memes , wtf are you on ? 
  take your head out of the gov ass and look around , then maybe you 'll `` magically '' see the real faces of these frauds . 
  so what 's this goverment if not a disaster ? 
  lpr is on their side now and suddently is no more `` fascist '' , imagine that . 
  i do n't care about some collapse or `` reconstruction '' of any goverment , all i care about is that the clowns from a `` liberal '' party rised taxes , confiscated cash from private retirement funds , borrowed more money than all the other govs put together and then they 're making `` busynesses '' on graveyards or in some fancy restaurants getting drunk for taxpayers money . 
  go back to your cave , dipshit . 
  except that pis kept its promises the last time it was in the office . 
  the only thing here that is full of shit are those tapes and it 's you who must be stupid to excuse it . 
  anything would be better than this gang of incompetent , crooked liars which grab the power just becouse of some imagined `` revange '' against pis and primitive propaganda . 
  enough of that . 
  just tell me about a one , just a one promise of donald that was fulfilled . 
  or should i repeat what kind of `` miracles '' ( literally ) he was promising to his naive belivers ? 
  for eight years all i 've heard was whineing about the opposition , so do n't make me laught . 
  so funny . 
  it will be even funnier after elections . 
  it 's highly doubtful if he broke the law . 
  it 's illegll to publish secret documents , but every journalist knows that these were aviliable since several weeks in the net , this guy just put them in facebook and pretends to be like some snowden . 
  prosecutors acted like amateurs , that 's true , but this is just a one piece of this puzzle . 
  watch out for kulczyk , this crooked oligarch wants to make `` busyness '' in ukraine , with the help of sikorski . 
   shouting about `` treason '' and `` coup d'\u00e9tat '' you confused some journal with donald , that was him who was sugessting a `` scenario written in cyrillic '' and a `` coup '' . 
   should n't be leaked to public why , if there 's nothing special there , as you and the gov sugessts ? 
  obviously the whole action is illegal and what happend now is even worse , but why those crooks do n't meet in their offices to discuss how much they `` care '' about poland ? 
  why are they stuffing their mouths from public money in some exclusive restaurants ? 
  that alone should be enough to dismiss them , but not in poland apparently . 
   care about the country you just do n't know the rest of the story . 
  all they care about is to keep the power and bash the opposition , that 's the only common thread of every of these conversations . 
  sikorski was also sugessting to `` help '' a one oligarch with his investmens in ukraine , considered that he was going to get the office of eu commisionar , but instead of him bie\u0144kowska was appointed . 
  so apparently you have to be `` far right '' to see that you 're simply repeating the excuses of far lefty and as well corrupted massmedias ... why do n't you say a thing about that oligarch kulczyk ? 
  the corruption and ignorance of goverment around the mining industry or just that those assholes were eating and drinking for the public money ? 
  there 's much more of that and you must be really blinded to not see anything wrong about it . 
  a week before the second round of presidential elections , but there 's much more of that and hopefully we 'll learn more about our `` elite '' . 
  there 're many more things except of what was said already , if we 'd only have some serious , unbiased medias then the gov would react a long time ago . 
  they thought they could cover every scandal or a fraud like they were doing in the last years , but unfotunatelly for them , it came back and they had no choice , whatever they 'd do , nothing can save them from a disaster in autumn elections . 
  bolshevik , but still russia , which occupied both lithuania and poland in xixc . 
  people fought for their independence rather than for some `` empire '' especially if the country was exhausted after wwi , german occupation and requsitions , starvation and diseases . 
  you can not win a war just by sitting in trenches and defending . 
  i 'm not defending , i just wanted to put your criticism in a wider context . 
  it 's quite debatable if the polish-bolshevik war was offensive . 
  the whole situation with ukraine , lithuania , czechoslovakia , the historic and etchnic issues behind them , all of that was quite complicated . 
  the post wwi situation in central-eastern europe was extremly messy after the collapse of central monarchies , revolutions and bolsheviks trying to fill that power vaccum . 
  yes , but what really matters is what goverments thinks , not the people . 
  the real importance of this survey is that the people can vote and elect representatives who 'd share their fears . 
  depends . 
  note that when you add the numbers you do n't get 100 % , i guess the rest is undecided and if they would n't be considered here , results could be diferent . 
  i agree , but still the action of nato against serbia was wrong , i do n't even know how could it be possible if that 's a defensive alliance . 
  there 're many reasons to criticise america , but some people just demonise it blindly and that 's what russia counts for , since the bankrupcy of communism anti-americanism is the only `` ideology '' they have left . 
  empire ? 
  republic was ' t very offensive either , king could n't declare a war , he 'd need parliament decission and especially ... the money since the monarch was obliged to pay the nobility for service out of the borders . 
  i do n't think that anybody have the appetite for a full scale war , not even russia . 
  ... see post wwi europe and all the border conflicts between the `` new '' countries . 
  you 're always forgetting that poland forced russia to respect the borders and independence of baltic states in 1921 riga peace treaty . 
  depends , if you add up both sides there 're still some % left and i guess those are the people without opinion . 
  if they would n't be considered , the results could be different . 
  what about the arctic ? 
  you know that russia also have rockets ? 
  yeah , especially italy . 
  also , canada and usa ( alaska ) are bordering russia by the sea .
