  dude , no offence , but since you 're lefty your comment is no less skewed , everybody have some opinions and some bias . 
  wyborcza with the whole medial empire of agora is shamelessly supporting goverment and is openly against catholics , no medias are `` hating '' homosexuals , the major ones are supporting their ideas . 
  as for economics , you 're right , but to call it `` far right '' shows only your bias . 
  actually the conservative medias are more socialist , but this is some local specyfics of poland where the `` right wing '' opposition is quite socialist as well . 
  rzeczpospolita still keeps more or less conservative , but most of all neutral and serious journalists . 
  public tvp info has bigger audience than tvn24 . 
  the main massmedias in poland are lefty , i 'd say that rather being dependent , they 're pressuring goverment to realeise the lefty inventions , in exchange for propagandist support . 
  so it 's rather gov which is dependent on them . 
  they 're also supported financially with commercials of govermental institutions and public companies , their `` journalists '' are becoming ambassadors , advisors , spokesmen and other oficcial workers . 
  the `` public '' tv and radio are , as they always were , dependent on a ruling coalition . 
  not even the public communication , at least in warsaw , is free from this dependence , a one lefty medial empire has a monopoly for screens in metro , the other in the buses . 
  for the other hand , there 're several minor conservative medias , which are being supported and dependent on the opposition . 
  there 're also few religious papers , radio and a tv , which are obviously conservative , but rather independent . 
  only the segment of weekly magazines is more or less balanced , but still just the lefty ones are supported from the public money in a form of advertisements . 
  til russia was occupied by soviet union . 
  it 's always amusing to see some idiot trying to insult us by using the word `` polak '' , which means just a `` pole '' in our language . 
  it 's w\u00f3dka . 
  me too , i 'm not expecting anything from some ceremonial meetings , handshakes or exchange of gifts , which is quite typical for popes . 
  btw . 
  there was some two yers ago a meeting between the polish church representtives and patriarch of russia in warsaw , it was as well just simbolic and i see nothing wrong about promotion of religious tolerance . 
  the catholics and orthodox usually were in `` cahoots '' here . 
  with few exceptions in history we enjoyed `` religious peace '' as it was declared in [ warsaw confederation of 1573 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation ) and later adopted by the parliamet . 
  oh well , the artists always are excentrics . 
  since when putin is religious ? 
  not to mention the russian orthodox church , which was always controlled by the goverment , no matter if white or red , until recently run by a patriarch which was an ... atheist . 
  i see this gift as a `` hint '' , to make peace . 
  four ministers and it was two days ago . 
  this guy is laughtable , as well as your ideas are , which does n't make the local `` elite '' any better . 
  yeah , that 's a conspiracy theory which was immidieatelly sugessted by donald . 
  kgb do n't use some self made , unprofessional stuff for recordings and most of all , is not as easy to catch them . 
  but besides of that i 'm quite sure they have their own recordings anyway . 
  poland will be better without this corrupted gov. 
  sorry , i was mistaken . 
  the new things are not the tapes , but testimonies of waiters and their `` victims '' , which includes the talks that were n't published ... yet . 
  there 's alot of that . 
  elections season , miss og\u00f3rek is not running this time . 
   new tape leaks nope , but there 're many more tapes somewhere and probably they 're going to be published before elections . 
  nothing really new , at least nothing spectacular , just the whole issue came back despite their best efforts to ignore or belittle it . 
  well , the common opinion amongst the politicians and `` journalists '' is different , obviously . 
  btw . 
  it was yesterday when i 've heard some cazy niesio\u0142owski claiming that we 're the fastest developing country in eu . 
  they do n't know the statistics , or they just belive that people are stupid . 
  true , but cynic platform is even more populist , they could n't fulfill a single promise in eight years . 
  they were talking about miracles ( literally ) , but seriously to reduce taxes , burecracy , emmigration , improove health care and so on ... 
  they did the opposite , but also took money from private retirement funds , rised retirement age and borrowed money like crazy . 
  such `` liberals '' . 
  haha , washington post censors its own articles . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://bi.gazeta.pl/im/6f/42/11/z18099567q,-washington-post--pisze-o-naszej-aferze-tasmowej.jpg ) the previous title . 
  probably miss applebaum did n't liked it . 
  the end of this pathetic gov will be in october , after elections . 
  now it 's just a mess . 
  btw . 
  the tapes were leaked a year ago , gov thought that they can sweep it under the carpet with a help of lefty massmedias , like all the other scandals before . 
  the only thing published now are the files from investigation against the `` gang of waiters '' which was recording that . 
  there 're more tapes and hopefully the polish society will learn more details about their gov. 
  47 % ... this is sad . 
  this is just a one side of the story , the other is what they were talking about and doing . 
  imagine , it does matter . 
  the gov was dismantled a year after the first tape leaked , now just the documents from prosecution were published and if anyone 's responsible of that , it 's the prosecution . 
  desperate reaction of the gov is related just with upcoming elections . 
   they actually do . 
  as we can see , but i 'm quite sure that 's illegal . 
   for buisness reasons this is not a private meeting ... 
  i 've said it clearly , there 's representative fund for that , each gov official have it . 
  early elections would be even worse for their image , but i see no way of recovering any support in the next months . 
  hopefully they 'll never come back to power . 
  dos n't matter anyway . 
  still i 'm not sure if there was such a promise and again i must say that 's still unimportant from the perespective of the state , economy or law . 
  well , it is an old story and i can say whatever i want , which does n't mean we can not talk about it . 
  i see . 
  btw . 
  downvoting me is not going to excuse the gov , but keep trying . 
  it does n't happend everyday and it 's not just about recordings , but about what was said by these guys . 
  the recordings could be important also as a way to blackmail or corrupt them and this is another reason they should resign . 
  no , they do n't , they have handsome salaries for that . 
  they have a representative fund for official or semi official meetings , not private dinners . 
  it 's not abut the amount of money they wasted , but about these `` standards '' that you was talking about . 
  if you thinks that this kind of actions are tolerated in civilised countries , then you just do n't know these countries . 
  my posts are meaningles , what matters is the public opinion which is going to judge these frauds , very soon . 
  have a nice day . 
  finally we agree on something . 
  no , i 'm not too young to remember that campaign and then i was naive enough to trust donald and the whole paranoya that followed elections . 
  maye i just do n't remember that , or maybe you 're confusing something , it does n't matter anyway . 
  lpr is now on the other side , samoobrona does n't exist anymore and that 's all just history . 
  sure ... now , will you ever tell me what do you thinks about spending the public money in exclusive restaurants ? 
  that should be the first reaction of the gov , but obviously that would be bad for their pr to admit anything . 
  i just wonder , who really belives in the `` apology '' of pm ewa , a year after it broke out . 
   care about the country yeah , that 's why they 're considering to mess the economy while getting drunk for taxpayers money . 
  this is legal , according to you ? 
  i 'm not a prosecutor , nor a judge to decide if they broke the law , but it 's not just me who considers their ideas and the language as something wrong . 
  call it as you wish , i just hope that someone competent will be brave enough to judge it , but i 'm sure that people will do it first , in next elections . 
  the actions of prosecution are a different thing . 
   tusk said haha , when donald said something honestly , ever ? 
  and about the separation , it seems that it 's just in theory since our pm ewa just tries to dismiss the main prosecutor . 
  i was sarcastic obviously , but you 're somehow very `` tolerant '' in case of standards amongst the ruling circles . 
  i do n't care about stonoga , he 's nobody . 
  i do n't care for a definition , i call him a crook and oligarch whose wealth was built on scams around privatisation of public companies like telekomunikacja polska . 
   government helping native business facepalm, 
  not a minister , an euro commissioner , but finally bie\u0144kowska was appointed . 
  the same competent as sikorski .
