  you 're still talking about definitions , theories and ideas . 
  i could discuss it as well , but i see no reason to do so . 
  i was talking about so called `` marxism leninism '' , more as a strategic idea to employ the farmers in rural russia for the cause of the bolsheviks . 
  it does n't matter anyway since they 've lost elections to social revolutionaries and organised a coup called the `` october revolution '' . 
  sure , that 's how the alliance works , but the difference is that you have a russian minority and most probably kremlin would not go on a full scale war . 
  even if , poland has quite a considerable army and is going to invest 36 billions $ in it , besides of 2 % gdp annual military budget . 
  the problem is we 're also bordering kaliningrad and the question is what would belarus do . 
  same here , this guy was still a minister in a goverment of the first `` non communist '' pm and jaruzelski was the first ... president . 
  communists reserved 75 % of seats in the first `` free '' elections and later they were elected twice , same as comrade kwa\u015bniewski was a president for two cadentions . 
  it 's something , but just simbolic especially if the sentence is in suspension ( meaning that he 's going to prison unless he declares martial law again ) . 
  no , they would n't get here in a day and even if , what then ? 
  we should rely on ourselves more and cooperate much closer . 
  pity that you failed to acknowladge the sovereign decission of our representatives and the popular referendum . 
  the `` friendship '' with moscow was different and i 'm afraid you just do n't see this difference . 
  i 'm not going to discuss anyone 's beliefs since i value the religious tolerance . 
  i 'm not a beliver and the problem with utopist preeching is that the reality is usually far from their expectations . 
  i 'm tierd of such discussions and excuses that communists usually make . 
  indeed , there was never a communist country in history , becouse ... this is just an utopic idea , which is by definition unrealistic . 
  the real problem here is that some fanatics are willing to sacrifice lives , usually of the others , to enforce their ideas . 
  now you 're trying to convince me and , as i 've said , i see no point in discussing someone 's beliefs . 
   socialists with communists i 've sad it already that poland was ruled by the socialists and all i can add is that i agree with many of their ideas . 
   `` communism '' and `` soviets '' a `` soviet '' is just a name of a gathering , in slavic languages that 's usually `` rada '' . 
  please note that this is the only communist authority that was sentenced in poland , ever . 
  the only people judged so far were low ranking officers of that far left regime , never their authorities . 
  this person was responsible for militia and secret police in gen. jaruzelski junta , even after martial law ended many people were abused , tortured and murdered by them . 
  jaruzelski was never held esponsible for his junta and martial law , not to mention the years in which he was a minister of defence responsible for massacres in 1970 , antisemite and anti homosexual policies in the army and invasion of czechoslovakia . 
  ask medvedev how usa `` reformulated '' these plans . 
  [ this ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=ru&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.interfax.ru%2frussia%2f447507 ) is from today . 
   `` missile brigade in the kaliningrad region is rapidly rearm new tactical missile systems , '' iskander '' , will undergo significant changes in the russian combined arms group in belarus , and so on , '' - said yakubov . 
   half a month it took me just a while , the problem is that reading is going slowly and russian , however similar , is a foreign language . 
  yes , [ i have ] ( http://rt.com/news/iskander-missile-deployment-russia-317/ ) . 
  this is just a [ drill ] ( http://sputniknews.com/military/20150317/1019595700.html ) ... if you belive in that . 
  ok , so in two hours ... 
  anyway this is a matter of time and i do n't think that being overrun sooner or later is what we 're hoping for . 
  what kind of rules and just who are `` we '' ? 
  i thought that `` union ' is between equal , willingly coperating partners , not `` forced '' to do whatever the others wants . 
  do n't ask me , i just explained the legal situation in poland , which is probably far from reality anyway . 
   sexual workers yeah , except they do n't care about women trafficing and forced `` sexual work '' . 
  good luck on your antireligious crusade , the people will not be opposiong , not at all . 
   run out of bombs is it a joke ? 
  oh shut the fuck up , this is italian problem ... what is the reason of this crisis ? 
  why so ? 
  i can criticise as well my gov and this drunker kwa\u015bniewski for occupation of iraq , as i can criticise blair and bush especially if it was their idea . 
  and i do n't trust lefty guardian , especially if their article has no external sources . 
  even as an atheist i know that the only serious organisation which could count these numbers in such conditions , is the church . 
  no matter , every number is too big and christians in the whole region of middle east are being persecuted . 
  simply cynical . 
  un operation . 
  besides we 're sending humanitarian aid to haiti , as well as to iraq . 
   a drop from 1.5 million mostly assyrian christians in iraq in 2003 to just 500,000 in 2009 ok , a million , still this is a huge number of people persecuted becouse of religious intolerance . 
  it should be noted , regardless of politicall corectness , that the christians in middle east are in danger and they should be aided in the first place . 
  nobody knows and all i can see are short sighted solutions which are problematic for europe . 
  please , do n't make me laught , uk and france `` forced '' you to act ... right . 
  they 'd be able to deal with their ex boyfriend gaddafi alone . 
  still , there 's no explanation why it was an allied action , same as it was in serbia . 
  this is not doing any good for the reputation of nato . 
  just becouse you 're on a different continet you do n't have this problem that italy has . 
  and as for russia it 's another example of your failed policies , you wanted a `` reset '' and completly moved out . 
  apparently nobody , not even the old europe , learned the lesson from georgia . 
  somehow i failed to see any actions on a global forum to pressure this state . 
  if we 're sudenntly so cynical and respect the `` role '' of saudi arabia , how 's that we 're forcing the others to act in our ways ? 
  yes , i think we should accept refugees from iraq , especially those millions of christans which fled the country after saddam was deposed . 
  have you ever heard about that ? 
  ok , so what are we going to do then ? 
  i failed to see any long term ideas and if , lets be optimistic , someday the situation gets normalised there , are we going to deport these migrants ? 
  indeed , but these terms are overlaping , no matter some singular exceptions , differences or factions . 
  post occupational ? 
  you mean after 1993 when the last occupation forces moved out ? 
  soviet union was just a communist state and it was as well representing , as supporting and spreading this lunatic ideology until it got bankrupt , also becouse of this reason . 
  if not that , this would be just another meaningles , excentric dead end in history , not to mention that the world would be better without it . 
  it 's nice that you 're educated , but this makes your lack of knowladge in several points even more shamefull . 
  especially in a disussion with a simple biotechnologist . 
   things are n't always as clear-cut . 
  no , they are n't . 
  for the other hand , you just confirmed my words about how these communists were dependent just until their own skins were in danger , their intentions were n't honest at all . 
  they had to know what was going on in soviet russia before these purges and this is what every communist cosmopolite wanted to be happenning everywhere . 
  somehow i doubt they had such a support amongst the `` working class '' . 
  i do n't want to convince you , all i want is to explain how mistaken you are about communism . 
  i could recommend several books , but you could at least start with wikipedia and basics . 
  me too , i 'm glad that finnland never was a communist state . 
  definatelly it is n't , but somehow nobody expects them to care . 
  ok , maybe i was mistaken , but still they supported it and should also take responsibility . 
  it 's quite unfair to demand help just from eu members , which should be helping anyway . 
  besides , acepting migrants is not a solution of their problems which are located in the countries they 're fleeding from . 
  i was simply stating a fact . 
  as for the opinions , mine is that you 're taking advantage of cheap labour and big market , so it 's by every mean in your interest . 
  still it does n't fit , unless you wants to insult some nations , which is quite amusing . 
  no , you 're mixing declarations with actions . 
  what 's worse you 're either poorly informed or you take me for a fool and tries to cheat . 
  there are no such rockets or anti rockets in poland . 
  we 'd gladly welcome those bases . 
  do you seriously belive that germany would be more secure in case of bordering russia or its puppet states ? 
  fair enough , my intention was also not just to point fingers and it 's quite irrelevant now who 's the ` most ' responsible , but do n't you think that usa should also take responsibility ? 
  btw . 
  i do n't see how would that be an `` allied '' intervention if nato should be a defensive pact and afaik lybia attacked nobody . 
  it 's legal , just it 's not allowed for the others ( like pimps ) to take advantage of that . 
  the sad reality is that in europe many women are simply enslaved , forced to be prostitutes and i think the goverments does too little to stop it . 
  not to mention those useless feminist nuts which seems to not care at all . 
  how about usa helping ? 
  do n't you think that you 're also ( if not mostly ) responsible ?
