  ok , i could even agree about the flares , but those are the `` hooligans '' who actually made these celebrations a big thing . 
  before that , it was just official , boring and unimportant so that 's why i 've mentioned the officials . 
  it 's always easier to complain instead of doing something constructive . 
  and what 's a `` hooligan '' style ? 
  are you going to forbid the people to celebrate it the way they wants when they do no harm to anybody ? 
  inappropriate would be to leave it just for the politicians , especially those who condemned or ignored it during communism and after . 
  [ this is also well made , but not official ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgb6f0xw3f8 ), 
  mistakes ca n't be compared to the crimes of germans and the soviets , a mistake is something you make unintentionally . 
  it 's not about celebration of a military failure , but commemoration of the losses and respect for those who stood against our enemies with the best intentions in mind . 
  the whole discussion should be left mostly for historians , not for some politicians or propagandists , especially not for those which agenda was always to disrespect the polish resistance or accuse the poles of everything possibly evil . 
  yeah , the evil polish nationalist women and kids especially . 
  the subjects were belarus and ukraine , the place of the others was in slave labour camps in kazakhstan or sibiria . 
  the nazis were soviet allies and it was clear what they were doing . 
  the different sides are the national identities created by the goverments and those emerged in opposition to them . 
  nationalism was an opposition to monarchy and it was a natural consequnce of growing literacy , awarness , but most of all social changes which in a way united pesantry with nobility at least in a meaning of a nation . 
  the `` greater '' russian ideals were brutal repressions against the opposition , forced language and religion , not to mention the etchnic policies like kicking the jews into the pale of settlement . 
  coincidentally in the old borders of polish - lithuanian republic . 
  panslavism was more popular in bohemia . 
  at least czechs could end their union with slovaks in a peacefull way ... you 're welcomed . 
  pride is nothing bad , arrogance is . 
  i 'm more happy than proud of the people and what they can acheive despite the harsh conditions . 
  when i think what was improoved during my short life then i feel just ... proud . 
  i know my personal contribution is limited , but still it all adds up and makes us to be a society which is quite independent , resistant and still quite strong . 
  i 'm not proud of the drunkers on the streets , the thiefs and assholes in goverment , liars in medias and idiots on the net . 
  not in 1945 . 
  in 1939 that was the idea , to destroy poland and the poles . 
  it was as well in 1937 , everybody in soviet union with a polish name was considered a `` spy '' and executed . 
  btw . 
  the mythical line of curzon was a british propsal during the polish - bolshevik war , declined by the communists and later by poland , it was never anything serious . 
  indeed it was promoted , then the idea of belarussian nation was created and the very name of lithuania oficially forbidden , but it never catched up . 
  ukrainian nationalism was more supported in austrian `` galizia '' , in a way to balance the polish domination , but still it was present even before and even in eastern ukraine . 
  the problem was that it was more rural and folk , they lacked elites . 
  nobody got anything together in that chaos , but at least there were some authorities and political forces in ukraine , in opposite to belarus . 
  it 's not simplistic , it was just the policy of moscow since a long time , later it was even extended into panslavism , but it was always artificial . 
  i thought that warsaw is better than berlin , but still it 's pretty ok . rome and london are quite suprising . 
  maybe becouse both of them did it together and basicly their etchnic policies towards the poles were quite similar ? 
  we spoke about the congresse of vienna , bia\u0142ystok was given to russia even earlier , by napoleon . 
  and what should it mean after 1945 ? 
  the bolsheviks proposed even more in riga . 
  the perfect situation would be to have belarus and ukraine , but without so called galizia , as a buffer , but it was not possible . 
  existence of a soviet regime was a time bomb for the whole world . 
   popular source ? 
  ask putin . 
  we 're worse  , 
  are the numbers for estonia related to the finnish tourists by any mean ? 
  wwi was fought not just in france . 
  pussies or not , but to think that you can win a war just by declaring it and waiting , you have to be idiots . 
  i just love the wiseguys complaining about the uprising from a present perespective . 
  some retards are even comparing the resistance to the germans as the guilty ones . 
  wtf ? 
  ca n't you just get over it and accept the things as they were ? 
  is it so hard to understand and respect the people who fought for their freedom ? 
  this useless barking , promoted by the lefty massmedias every year , is just annoying and serves nothing but negative emotions . 
  it 's enough that for decades the polish resistance was treated like shit by the commie regime . 
  excellent for russia , especially with bia\u0142ystok and grodno . 
  vilnius municipality still has 52 % polish majority , but it 's not just about etchnic borders . 
  weak german creations of ukraine and belarus were an easy target for the communists , the first one was in a complete mess and somehow legitimate petlura had a limited support and poland was unable to defend eastern ukraine . 
  ukrainians had developed identity , but most of belarussians considered themselves as `` locals '' . 
  both were mixed with considerable polish communities and in some areas they were still majority . 
  it was nor possible to draw etchnic borders so every compromise would harm somebody . 
  the russians however , were almost non existing there . 
   greater russian what ? 
  vilnius was occupied by the bolsheviks then so yes , it was also about kicking them out . 
  the whole world had an interest at stopping this madness and unfortunatelly poland was too weak to do it . 
   blessing for eastern european sovereignty very funny . 
  the riga peace treaty guaranted the soveringty of baltic states . 
  poland was still a far better place for ukrainians and belarussians , most of which had no national identity anyway , they were n't starving here and except for minor repressions , mostly against the nationalist extremists , there was no terror or slave labour . 
  back ? 
  and when they 've had the so called galizia ? 
  at least becouse that germans intended at defending the city , not retreating . 
  for that reason they declared that 500.000 people will be forced to construct defences . 
  it 's just your theory . 
  you 're again just making it up and pretending to know what was in the heads of polish commanders . 
  and who is preventing you to commemorate the other fights ? 
  it 's always easier to complain and whine that the `` right wing '' is usurping something that the leftys ignores or `` criticise '' . 
  nobody 's promoting failures , it 's about returning justice to the people who deserve respect and were denied it for decades . 
  it 's the same with the post war anticommunist resistance , which the lefty retards compares to nazis just like their soviet idols did . 
  fortunatelly the poles do n't care about this pathetic barking . 
  right , becouse to demand `` judgement '' for the polish resistance is very realistic and not a shit talk at all ... 
  and that 's why 1.5 million people had to be sent to sibiria , pows , policemen , railroad engineers and even postmen had to be executed ... right ? 
  there was no soviet union in 1920 and these lands were populated by the poles as well , but of course they does n't matter . 
  the bolsheviks had to be stopped , but unfortunatelly it was not possible to destroy the lenin 's junta . 
  sure , ther 's no problem at all , it 's just me . 
  same could happend in warsaw , but we 'll never know that . 
  also , the fight was hopeless becouse the curicumstances changed , nobody could predict that . 
  ... the commanders were `` judged '' by the lefty regime , what do you want more ? 
  why none of the communist leaders was ever judged for their crimes , not just mistakes ? 
  why they are n't condemned and why , when you dare to criticise it or demand justice , you 're being called a `` fascist '' in some propagandist rags ? 
  sure , becouse we ca n't remember everything , it must be competition between different regions , cities or events . 
  if the leftys prefferes to shit on the poles and their history , than do n't be suprised if the othersd takes care of it . 
  also , it 's more spontanous than organised as i 've said and especially this makes me happy that regular poles can socialise without or against the `` progressive '' ruling class . 
  now every politician or a `` journalist '' wants to gain something , but none of them can ignore it anymore . 
  yes , at least those which they did n't killed or sent to sibiria . 
  anyway it was the same dishonest as it was in 1939 . 
  everybody will die eventually . 
  instead of making up the alternative scenarios , why do n't you just accept the reality and respect the polish resistance same way you ( probably ) respect the jewish one ? 
  anyway , as i told you , the lefty propaganda is not working anymore , the poles will be commemorating their heroes , restoring their memory and identity without any complexes . 
  just start acting like a civilised country and respect minority rights just like poland does . 
  this is the problem , not some comments on the net . 
  no idea what you 're talking about .
