  i 'm not excusing anything here , just explaining the mistakes which backfires at leftists . 
  there 're very few people which can change their opinions in a drastic way and most of them are rationalising or ignoring mistakes if not just crimes of their elected representatives . 
  i 've seen it many times , the people are usually voting in negative way , against someone and this is also what both parties are using for their advantage , excet that a one part is divided because its political representation ( party ) is not serving this purpose anymore , not because its former supporters complains about its corruption . 
  no , i 'm certain that they 'll loose more because that 's natural for a ruling party , but whatever they 've lost or gained is not because of their controvercial policies and especially not because of opposition or criticism . 
  you was n't following the news ? 
  i 've seen even comparations to isis in berliner zeitung . 
  even if it would be honest and selfless criticism , rhetorics and the kind of hysteric accusations have opposite effect . 
  every side thinks that their ideas are the only correct , there 're `` traitors '' on a one and `` nazis '' or just `` idiots '' on the other ... no idea which is worse , but i know that neither of these emotional reactions serves debates and elections . 
  shift for whom ? 
  there 's no other conservative and actually socialist party around here , they would rather not vote at all than choose some `` liberals '' or leftists . 
  hard to estimate the hardline electorate , but anyway they keep the leading position in every opinion poll , usually with support twice as big as the next party . 
  this is with all of the really controvercial or not really serious decissions and wide , often hysteric criticism in and out of poland . 
   you 're playing into pis ' whole nationalism angle . 
  is he ? 
  or are these which throws bizzare accusations , if not just insults ? 
  it 's not just a one person which is reacting this way , like it or not but the `` nationalist '' polish people do n't like to be equated with nazis , communists , russians or whatever is the current boogeyman . 
   `` burn the jew '' i guess you 're referring to the protest of nationalists from wroc\u0142aw , i guess that was nop , which is not even cooperating with the rest of nationalists and all of them are marginal extreme anyway , just like far left is in poland . 
  considering the frequency of kod protests i can assume that there 's going to be another one tommorow where they 'll be insulting little people just because of their favorite `` enemy '' . 
  never heard about pollster and super expres is a tabloid . 
  believe in whatever you wants , but just accept the fact that pis has a big support and its voters are not going to disappear or shift support for another party like it 's in case of po . 
  partially , but it 's rather the weakness of hungarian opposition and specyfics of polish politics where the division between post communists and `` right wing '' is gone since at least 2005 . 
  yes , i 've noticed this reaction amongst many people , even `` korwinists '' or narionalists which are n't really supporters of pis , but hostile critics usually . 
  it 's true that fidesz has bigger support , rest is just your speculation and it 's also pointles because it does n't really affect elections or politics . 
  excuses , excuses ... tns polska for tvn24 on january 22 : - pis 38 % - po 16 % - . n 15 % - kukiz 11 % should i look for more surveys , or will you face the reality ? 
  and another laughtable excuse used by both sides or ridiculed in the same hypocritic manner . 
  not to mention that private polls shows the same trend . 
   ( 28 % compared to pis 19 % ) oh please , it 's the same pathetic excuse as it was in previous cadention . 
  also , to assume that people which for some reason refused to vote are against the gov is just a fallacy , they could be as well divided as the voters are . 
   exacerbation no comment . 
   encroach on the justice system constitutional tribunal is not a court . 
  the system is wrong at least because it 's not clear in many points and comperences of several institutions overlaps , in this case parliament and tribunal . 
  what kind of a `` deal '' ? 
  po is not important anymore , they 're being replaced by another party . 
  sorry , but they do n't have arguments to question all of these five judges , only two of them were appointed before the cadention of their predecessors ended . 
  this whole conflict is pointles and serves nobody 's interest while it 's harmful for poland , they should finally swallow their pride and change their politics in this regard . 
  there 's no other way unless we want to sacrifice national interests in order to please their egos . 
  yeah , this is the reason i 'm not commenting on / r/polska anymore . 
  fanatism is wrong in any form or shape . 
   forget about any nato bases it 's not happening anyway and not because of internal politics of poland . 
  threats have opposite effect in poland , the actions of eu and some declarations of few foreign politicians could be the reason why the ruling party is actually gaining support in opinion polls . 
  the other could be cynical and hysteric behavior of the opposition and leftist medias , it 's not `` democracy '' what 's the problem here , but the rule of law and in my personal opinion , constitution . 
  yes , it 's just great that not only russia , but even turkey can blackmail , corrupt and threten weaklings in eu . 
   china and russia want our well being just as much and just as little as the us . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  china does n't care , it is just busyness , but russia definetly works to divide europe , corrupt politicians and keep its monolopolist position in eastern europe where they can dictate gas and oil prices , issue embargos from time to time and weak eu ca n't do anything about it or does n't care . 
  russia is also a direct threat to peace and stability in europe while nato is guaranteeing that and until there 's going to be another serious alliance around here , there 's no better alternative . 
  oh joy , another world war on our territory ... 
  seriously , russia has no intentions , not to mention the means to occupy whole ukraine and poland is like distant , alien country for them , at least for now but they 're not getting any stronger . 
  they just needs to know the limits and sorry to say , but metrosexual `` leaders '' of the west are not scary , they ca n't play this game if they 're just giving up at the start and the real `` man '' around here is a german woman . 
   georgian and ukrainian solutions what `` solutions '' ? 
  you 're completly naive and clueles , but i 'm afraid the real issue here is that you just do n't care about some `` exotic '' countries , it 's all about the petro `` roubles '' . 
  when you say that ptoblems of transnistria and east ukraine have to `` solved '' i can only guess you mean just to foreget about it , but do you really thinks that russia needs it , why would n't they take that already anyway ? 
  you 're naive , but useful . 
  you wants to exchange dependance on america for `` stronger connections '' with russia and china , why do n't you give few more billions $ to turkey when you 're at that ? 
  lets sell out some unnecessary countries like mordoria or balonia and just have peace in our times ... 
  flower power !, 
   no reason to waste money on military . 
  long story short : gov argues that constitutional tribunal ignored the law , which it was judging , the law was about ... tribunal . 
  constitution says that judgement is final , but it also says that tribunal works in accordiance to the law , which also is presumed to be constitutional until they rule otherwise . 
  politics are everywhere the same , it 's all about power . 
  good luck with extradition . 
  i remember some `` busynessmen '' bagsik and g\u0105siorowski in 90s suddently rediscovering their jewish roots and fleeding to israel . 
  in soviet russia polan can into space . 
  not exactly friends , but rather puppets . 
  that was a different situation and really poland is totally different than turkey , no matter this or the other gov. 
  people do n't die on demonstrations , opposition or medias are completly free to do whatever they wants and they do n't mind to bash or even insult politicians . 
  the change in rhetorics could be rather activisation of opposition which was not very active in defence of previous gov because it 's always easier to criticise the establishment and hard to complain about opposition , but still it was quite frequent in previous eight years . 
  both sides are actually concentrated on bashing each other , opposition do n't have any alternative ideas , it 's all about fight for power . 
  ca n't predict the future , but why would the supporters of pis vote for anybody else ? 
  look at the opinion polls , they 're still leading with a very little difference to the result of elections , opposition is weak , po lost everything to the `` modern '' party and parties like razem do n't even count in surveys . 
  kukiz is not even a real party and korwin is a one man show , quite pro russian and anti european but liberal ( libertarian ) and that 's a different electorate . 
  looks good , except that local police can call it off without reason . 
  is it actually legal ? 
  i do n't wish them to be mistreated the way that opposition was under previous gov , but they need permission for occupying sidewalk anyway . 
  maybe better , but too much elaborated . 
  edit : [ this ] ( https://mir-s3-cdn-cf.behance.net/projects/404/f9b7a831071799.y3jvccwxntm0ldeymdesmjksma.png ) looks better ( the top one ) . 
  i could imagine that , but is n't there some `` nicer '' alternative ? 
  i do n't suppose that 8 % of slovaks are football hooligans , these guys in video are just the `` active '' part of electorate , so who are the others ? 
  all of them are quite bad . 
  nice one , but i have something [ else ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3zb0nqxovy ) . 
  i will , but anyway it 's quite clearly wtitten in constitution that parliamentar bill regulates their proceedings . 
  according to wiki , or their own declarations , but for real po was just another cynical and opportunist party which would support leftist policies , organisations and employ some of their representatives in gov positions just to get support of equally leftist mass media . 
  pis is n't really `` right wing '' , unless you consider socialism as such . 
   liberal economically so what kind of `` liberal '' policies they realeised ? 
   president already violated constitution last year by not receiving an oath from 3 legally elected judges could you point the exact paragraph which says anything about it ? 
  edit : i see that nobody can answer , but apparently everybody can downvote ... 
  i 'm sorry , but constitution clearly says that tribunal is organised and proceeds in accordiance to the bill , not to the parts of it . 
  i 'm not commneting thier judgement , i believe they had reasons to dismiss it , but they should also follow this law when judging it and this is the problem . 
  you mean the two sentences about election of judges ? 
  the problem is that the same bill says that `` elected persons '' becomes judges after taking wovs in front of a president , so none of previously `` elected persons '' is a judge and all of the new ones are , three of them in question took wovs before tribunal decided that they were n't elected legally . 
  there 's also question if trubunal can judge the parliamentar declarations at all . 
  if it 's that simple , why there 's this mess ? 
  sure we can blame a one side or the other , but just because it was possible is a problem . 
  yes , but also tribunal works in accordiance to the existing bill and it 's obviously a conflict of competences with parliament . 
  it looks like judges ignored constitution , but i ca n't say if they 've had any choice and do n't see the way that gov can ignore their judgement , or who could decide that it was against existing law since their judgement is final and unquestionable . 
  more like the gov ( parliament and ruling party ) took advantage of weak points in constitution and because intention was just power , then i think both parties did comparable thing . 
  i 'm not going to speculate what would happend if the other party could win elections or create a different parliamntar majority , but this is the difference . 
  in reality there 's no alternative , the political stage of poland since years is divided to pis and anti-pis . 
  this also explains why so suddently po lost so much in opinion polls after loosing elections and another fresh ( not so much really ) `` liberal '' party got support of these people . 
  true , but constitution also says that `` organisation of constitutional tribunal and proceedings are regulated with a bill '' .
