  it 's not some academic discussion , that 's all quite subjective , dependant on certain public and most of all , not very serious . 
  oh and it 's anything but mathmatic . 
  hmm how about no ? 
  i know what 's life , organism and human specie . 
  there 's nothing arbitrary about it . 
  if to ban willfull termination of humans life , or killing in another words , is a different question . 
  i beg to differ , we have a quite clear and not very controversial definition of life which we can use before philosophers will get some conclusion . 
  yeah , the mitochondrial dna , i could also argue about the sex chromosomes ( barr body ) but that 's not the point here . 
  yes , i get it , but then does a brain make mosquito a `` person '' ( whatever that is ) ? 
  i do n't think that democracy is always working like that , it can as well abuse the minorities and not every elected gov or a person is necessary good . 
  lets not mess the local conflict around the constitutional court in poland into this conversation . 
  that 's not what i mean . 
  i 'm talking about principles and thjat was obviously grotesque example to show how wrong it is for goverment to decide who 's a human , who 's not or who 's a half or sub human . 
  and when i 've said such a thing ? 
  you ca n't make decisions when you 're unconcious obviously , but that does n't make you a subhuman when you 're sleeping . 
  you know there 're anestetics and pain killers , right ? 
  ... now you 're just showing ignorance typical for fighters for the `` women rights '' . 
  gametes and somatic cells are not human organisms and before you bing another `` argument '' from a song of monty puthon then it was a satire on the opposition to contraceptives which in my opinion is just stupid . 
  your description could fit as well a newborn baby and just btw ... humans develops self awarness and long term memory in about 3rd year after birth . 
  you 've said it first that it 's quite subjective , for me leftist are the `` progressive '' parties which believes in social agreements and positive law rather than natural . 
  european internationalists which are pushing feminist , multicultural and other leftist ideas are not any `` center right '' for me , they 're just moderate left . 
  thanks , i believe that it 's interesting and i do n't want to disrespect the humanist sciences , but they 're subjective and i do n't quite trust them . 
  that 's something else and could be controvesial as well , but anyway the brain does not make you a human , many other species have central nervous system . 
  the same independence , especially in case of mammals and especially in case of humans which are completely dependant on others for a long time even after birth . 
  also ... it 's not exactly 50 % of genome , but nevermind that . 
  you do n't see where it 's going ? 
  what if the goverment will change the conditions under which it considers a human to be a `` person '' and protects it rights , for example if it 's a race or a colour of hair ? 
  dude , i 've studied biotechnology , but i have no idea about philosophy and i do n't know any clear definition of a `` person '' . 
  sure sure they 're `` christian '' democrates ... 
  lets be clear , it does n't matter so much for me what they 're declaring or how are they labelling themselves and their opponents , the whole reaction to the proposed bill by this pro life ngo was just ridiculously blown out of propartions and spreaded like wildfire all over the leftist ( decent right if you prefere ) mass media . 
  in general try english if something ( serious ) happends and the number 112 works for the whole europe , i guess . 
  anyway , i misunderstood you from the beginning because i thougt that you 're complaining about demonstration , but still calling some opinion or a person a `` shit '' is kinda disturbing ... 
  thanks , but indeed i 'm too vocal here . 
  yes , so only under some conditions goverment respecting humans right to live . 
  you do n't think that 's highly subjective and dangerous ? 
  no , i 'm describing a human organism as a human regardless of its age , features or condition . 
  i see no reason why immature humans should be objectyfied and denied every right , it 's only convienient for the people which would be responsible for that human and its termination . 
  the current law is not so bad , it does not allow to abort every human for no reason so it 's called a `` compromise '' and as every it 's contested by both extremes . 
  so that 's not what the whole conversation is about . 
  there 're some rules about it and you could report this kind of people to the police or city guard , but organised and approved demonstrations , concerts , events etc. 
  are something else . 
  so may i see some scientist or a doctor which repeats after feminists that `` clump of cells '' is not a human until some week of its life ? 
  this is a serious question for which there 's no good answer , as you 've said . 
  the problem here is that the baby is not guilty of rape , but it 's a tragedy for woman and she should be helped . 
  i do n't think that treating offspring as `` subhuman '' because its underdeveloped and killing is the solution , but in this particulat case that 's highly controversial . 
  i 'm glad you have citizenship , vietnamesse people are welcomed in poland , but this is english speaking sub . 
  no idea what are you talking about , but demonstrations usually are loud , crowded and interrupts traffic , the whole idea of protesting is to do it in public . 
  they 're always annoying but you have to tolerate it and if you wants to fight and attack people then go to germany or to some football game . 
  and why it became a problem ? 
  i remember that pm and someone else was asked so they 've answered , but the leftist internationale with its mass media already started this campaign and organised even some embarassing demostrations in churches . 
  it 's like they 'd be surprised that pro life organisations , catholic church and conservative politicians are against aborting humans ... 
  the same as these demonstrations , which are organised every year , it 's nothing new and i 'm quite sure that the leftist medias will not be covering or commenting that so why is it such a big problem ? 
  edit : i actually think that it 's not in the interest of the ruling party so it could explain that irrational reaction of the opposition . 
  well , if you do n't like freedom of speech and demonstrations annoys you then it 's some solution , considering that you identify yourself as a veitnamesse polish then i 'm sure you 'd be able to obtain citizenship , if you do n't have it yet . 
  but , if you stay in poland then you just have to learn to live with many different people expressing their opinions in public , even if you do n't like it . 
  so , do you see someone complaining ? 
   current government prepared such controversial discussion topic to dilute the discussion in other aspects . 
  and that 's why the leftist internationale reacted in such a paranoid way when some ngo proposed ( another ) bill of this kind ? 
  i do n't remember gov beginning this discussion , but maybe i 've missed something . 
  now you have to accept the terrible freedom of speech and somehow learn to live under a democratic regime . 
  someone is making these laws and they 're not some undisputed dogmas or commandments given once and forever , except maybe for the laws of nature . 
   it is not human yet that 's obviously not true , existence of a brain does not determinate if organism is a human or not . 
  mammals are developing and maturing for many years after birth , especially humans . 
   rob you at the gunpoint that 's some bizarre argument . 
   time limit so who would decide about that limit ? 
  the women are not getting aborted , it applies to their offspring which is not conscious and ca n't decide on its own . 
  the question of `` personhood '' is from the category of philosophy so it can be subjective and debated , but it 's quite clear when the life of an offspring organism begins . 
   cluster of cell every organism is a `` cluster of cells '' , except for unicellular organisms of course . 
  do n't bother , report it . 
  i was banned for far more innocent jokes , lets see what our beloved mods do about this insane rant . 
  a sane and rational comment about aborting humans in / r/europe ... ? 
  i 'm shocked . 
  lets see how long will it take to downvote you into oblivion . 
  i 'm really sorry that we disappoint you , maybe you should consider going back to communist vietnam ? 
  i 'm sure that people are not allowed there to annoy you with some `` pro life shit '' or another demonstrations . 
  itt : as always very constructive and cultural conversation based on rational and scientific arguments ... 
  i will never understand why these uneducated leftists feels superior to religious people while the only difference is that they 're also agressive when spreading and `` defending '' their beliefs . 
  sorry guys , you like it or not , we have freedom of speech and expression in poland , people can also propose bills to the parliament if they collect a number of supporters . 
  also , in opposite to germany ( and i guess some other countries ) they will not be attacked by a mob of insane left radicals . 
   poland let germany it 's not like we did it on purpose , until march 1938 there was n't even a plan of defence from the west , only [ plan east ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plan_east ) against the soviets . 
  not to mention that terrain and borders were n't in our favour and of course the industrial potential with numbers of tanks and aircrafts was just ridiculously uneven . 
  aircrafts were outdated by few years at least , the few tanks were actually better but used in an old way ... 
  still , we were defending for quite the same time as netherlands , belgium , luxembourg and france with bef and few divisions of our `` tourists '' and volunteers . 
  oh and we did n't gaved up like french . 
  maybe , but still i do n't think that censorship is helping , especially in case of music . 
  the people actually voted for russia , but the votes of jury decided . 
  does it mater anyway ? 
  it 's just some contest of medicore singers . 
  i 'm against restrictions of the free speech , especially if that 's not just a private contest , but a product of european broadcasting union . 
  the show is already on a low level , it 's more about prestige and exactly politics including the gay `` community '' which is waving its flags , while some medicore singers are trying to score `` compassion '' points performing as unshaved drag quees . 
  the only selection should be made by voting and viewers . 
  all right , but there should n't be any censorship . 
  personally i do n't like eurovision anymore , voting was always political , but the level used to be much higher and songs were in national languages . 
   guy with a steering wheel , flat-cap and crow bar ? 
  at first i thought that 's a handyman , or a plumber , but apparently it 's just a polnische banditen ... not sure about the little kid , it 's either montenegro or macedonia which should be in balcan block . 
  also , romania is a part of soviet block somehow . 
  yeah , we need more songs about love and stuff ... 
  imprisoning people in slave work facilities with extremaly high mortality rate and without prospects for freedom is not just expulsion . 
  poland had nothing to say , it was ruled by the soviets and puppets which controlled country just because of red army . 
  still , that was etchnic cleansing of german population , but in opposite to what germans and soviets did between 1939-41 there was a german puppet state after 1935 where these people were driven to , so indeed that was not extermination .
