  ok , most of them , better ? 
  i 'm all for nuclear power , unfortunatelly our current goverment is just pretending to construct a power plant , instead of that they 're sucking public money for horribly big salaries of their politicians . 
  one oligarch was talking with `` radek '' sikorski about his `` help '' to import power from ukraine ( they have few nuclear plants ) , which would not just make our ( future ) plant unnecessary , but also destroy our coal mining industry . 
  gas is mostly used for heating , but majority of households are connected to the central heating from power plants . 
  we 're not as much dependent on russian gas , it 's barely half of our supplies , but several countries in the region are completly dependent and we should also do something about it . 
  so germany was occupied by the `` nazis '' as well ? 
  this denial and scapegoating is just ridiculous ... of course germans suffered , but becouse of the war they 've started , so indirectly becouse of their goverment . 
  exactly . 
  poland is ( slowly ) building a one in swinouj\u015bcie , it should cover 1/3 of our demads and hopefully will be operational by the end of 2015 . 
  lithuania constructed a floating lng port recently . 
  do you know if german medias are covering this meeting ? 
  is there any statement or an opinion of german officials about it ? 
   `` not all nazis being german , not all germans being nazis '' you 're dissolving the subject in question here . 
  the point is if concentration and death camps were organised by the german state , or by the `` nazis '' , the national socialist german workers party . 
  i hope we can agree they were n't `` polish '' . 
  was bohemia and moravia occupied by the `` nazis '' , or germany ? 
   your own country what country ? 
  those were just some `` nazis '' , not a country . 
  here means where ? 
  in present germany , pre war germany or annexed territories ? 
  you have no fucking clue that my grandpa was a slave laborer in germany . 
  all of the german companies , including those existing today , many farms and families employed slaves . 
  i 'm not talking about your ancestors , this is nothing personal , it 's just about the german state and its politics . 
  unlike me ?!, 
  you have no idea ... everybody in here have some family stories , often including soviets . 
  do n't try to make me feel sorry for you . 
  it was the state policy . 
  the camps , ghettos , death penalties for helping jews , opposing , trading or for no reason , your state even banned the music of chopin ... it was just insane . 
  oh really ? 
  most of people tried to tell me how bad it is to call these camps `` german '' and how reasonable it 's to call them `` polish '' . 
  it 's not just phrasing or a geographical location , it 's most of all a historical context and not a positive one . 
  i 'm not suprised why people tries to throw this hot potatoe in our face . 
  ehhh so how it was with `` democratic '' usarmy ? 
  everybody recognised the german goverment , in each and every international document there stands the name `` germany '' , it was just the state . 
  i do n't know why you just ca n't accept your history and move on , are you really afraid to be confused with these people ? 
  finally ... enough of `` polish '' camps bullshit . 
  no idea why it 's so hard for so many germans to accpet it . 
  yea , i 've noticed , but sure they 're not whitewashing their history , those were no germans , just `` nazis '' , eventually `` polish '' ... 
  anyway , people here are up or down - voting comments regardless of their facual content , it 's usually about emotions and sympathy . 
  i do n't give a sh ... about that . 
  there was no poland then , not even puppet goverment , so where were those camps located ? 
  some people collaborated indeed , most of them did n't and many opposed , but most of all the polish gov on exile , the army and underground fought against germans . 
  sweden was not `` technically '' collaborating , it was just trading with germany . 
  there 's a difference between a neutral state , collaborating or a puppet and a state that was about to be massacred and forgotten ... 
  yeah , nazis today ... no difference , not at all . 
  no , they feel `` offended '' apparently , but when you do n't like these camps to be called `` polish '' , you must be a `` dick '' . 
  do n't know a state called `` nazi '' . 
  refresh my memory , did britain declared war on germany , or the `` nazis '' ? 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  obama clearly was referring to wwii , especially in the context of polish resistance and jan karski . 
  this is the misunderstanding which is being made not just by the american president and his ghost writers , it 's just a clear example of how far this `` misunderstanding '' can go . 
  i 've said it , currently in borders of poland there are no camps , just museums and graveyards , the camps were in german territory , build by germans and operated by them . 
  the `` nazis '' called them konzentratzionslager . 
  if that 's just about location , lets call dachau a german camp then , ja ? 
  and poland was rich ... righ . 
  stop whineing and making excuses , half of my family died of typhus in 1920s , people were starving , after requisitions during german occupation , war with bolsheviks and general mess together with global crisis , it was extremly hard to live in here . 
  there was no war on german territory , nothing comparable to poland , so wtf ? 
  learn english . 
  which policies were directed just and only to the jews ? 
  what `` declarations of hostility '' by the goverment ? 
  there was no such thing in these sources . 
  you 're just messing some personal sentiments with the politics of polish state just to make up some accusations and deny the german guilt for holocaust , which is the real subject of this discussion . 
  no , there was a strict penal code and no state tolerates crimes . 
  most of that `` discrimination '' was ostracism or insults . 
  no idea why rich germany was unable to pay for that , but there was also baltic sea . 
  really stupid person would repeat the german war propaganda and fairy tales about rescuing german minority from `` barbarians '' , just like it was said in `` heimkehr '' , `` feldzung in polen '' or the official newsreels ufa tonewoche . 
  same thing , it was annexed or occupied by germany , but not a polish territory . 
  do n't bother , better do n't say anything anymore . 
  was ? 
  and that 's why i say those were the german camps . 
  and i think it 's not . 
  kl auschwitz is a museum , not a camp anymore . 
  it was not a `` polish camp '' when jan karski escaped from it , despite of what barrack obama said . 
  ustasa party was not popular in croatia , a pesant party was . 
  ... the polish resistance as a one of the points of their statute had executions for those who were collaborating with germans and selling jews . 
  my great grandpa `` collaborated '' , as a railroad engineer he was forced to work , the whole railroad service and police was forced under a threat of execution . 
  he was driving jews , some of them were hideing in coal and he was helping them . 
  this is what most of people were doing especially if that was against german occupation . 
  and again , general policies affecting everybody equally , some stupid comments of private people , organisations or companies ... 
  nothing serious . 
  what you call an `` atmosphere '' is not an official state policy , but sentiments of the people i was talking about . 
  i will accept whatever you can proove with some official documents , but in opposite to xixc germany and its anti polish policies , there was no such thing in ii republic directed against germans . 
  there was indeed discrimination , but it was never organised or supported , many people just disliked germans for what 've done before , the polish state did nothing against german minority . 
  national socialists just won the elections . 
  the camps , roads , army etc. 
  were made and controlled by the german state . 
  i 've said it already , this is not an official campaign , but some amateurish pictures and i agree that this one with current german flag is wrong . 
  do n't be paranoid , i was several times in germany and nobody is confusing iii reich with brd . 
  so todays germany is cdu/csu state ? 
  it does n't make any sense as for wehrmacht i though it was clear i do n't agree to call them `` nazi army '' so there 's no reson for discussing it . 
  at least not with me . 
  anyway yu just confirmed how wrong it is to call a state and its services by the name of ruling party . 
  ... no , this is a thread about some amteur posters , but their reason is that not just some guys from the net , but politicians and massmedias tries to make these camps look like `` polish '' . 
  how ? 
  so dachau is a `` nazi '' camp , but auschwitz is `` polish '' and this not any assumption , right ? 
  ca n't you see how offensive and really unfair it is ? 
  do n't be paranoid in your defence of germans , this is not about a collective guilt . 
  why do n't we call these camps `` german '' ? 
  it 's as well short as clear and it 's not confusing the state which organised it with its victims . 
  was you actually awared of how many etchnic poles , besides of those with jewish origin , died there ?
