cool , another ferry service, 
  i love jerking myself off over how de-nazified germany is when its harrassing chickenshit nazi staff in the final years of their life, 
  this honestly looks better than i thought . 
  too bad it ca n't work retroactively, 
  the only reason they are is because the number of job openings and aging population is a recurrent justification for mass immigration, 
  your border with austria saw no clashes because you had the luxury of conveniently loading people onto trains and sending them on their way with no resistance or border controls , up until now . 
  but please , be pedantic and deny the merits of discussing illegal immigration vs seeking asylum . 
  emphasis on * as they make their way north * . 
  not only are you missing the point completely , you 're arguing for the sake of arguing without bringing anything to the table, 
  nowhere did i suggest that the clashes would happen in italy , though , so i 'm not sure what point you 're trying to make here . 
  trains from italy loaded with `` refugees '' have been arriving from italy in munich for a while now ( well before the crisis began ) -- who 's to say who 's a migrant and who 's a refugee ? 
  a quick google search will reveal what is happening in the balkans , at the hungarian border and , more recently ( i.e. 
  today ) at the slovenian/austrian border, 
  reminder that only one in 5 migrants is syrian, 
  so who 's a migrant and who 's a refugee ? 
  what happens to the migrants when they reach italy ? 
  are we going to pretend they 're refugees when they clash with the police as they make their way north ? 
  you know , the most infuriating part about all this is the media coverage ( not only on the joke site known as yahoo news but in sources that are considered * not shit * ) . 
  plenty of people with weird ideas and all sorts of `` demands '' , but as i 'm reading these articles , i 'm getting the idea that i should be feeling fucked in the head for considering this sense of entitlement laughable . 
  and not only in this particular instance , you have the spaghetti guy , migrants demanding to cross borders , demanding better x and y , throwing food away etc and all the media gives us is a bunch of pictures of crying children , some warped half-truths and something about being a rightist if you 're not waiting for them with teddy bears, 
  on the bright side , they 're not stealing your jobs so you can slave away in peace !, 
  the central station is divided in two areas , one for oktoberfest visitors , one for refugees ( where they get redistributed ) . 
  they ( i.e. 
  the authorities ) have made it a point to keep the two groups from meeting . 
  also , it 's not like refugees are hanging out on the streets that much anyway , the only area where you actually notice them is the central station , really . 
  what 's with the hostility ? 
  `` denied refugees who can not be deported by their own fault ( because they lost passports etc ) are forbidden to work and wo n't recieve benefits '' this one is kind of fucked up and i do n't see it passing ( nor can i think of a viable alternative ) . 
  the rest looks solid , i hope it goes through . 
  pretty much this , even if he meant gypsies . 
  * pee all over eastern europe = cool bro * having second thoughts about some of the asylum seekers = douchebag nazi, 
  look at how some are behaving for not being let in , imagine what will happen when someone tells them to go, 
  honestly in austria i feel most mc donalds restaurants are along highways and not in the cities, 
  `` i didnt know it was illegal to cross a walled off border , i just found a hole and went through '', 
  best part as i was watching the rt footage was some people spontaneously bursting into tears / desperate yelling as soon as they noticed the cameras rolling in their direction, 
  loose translation : afp reporter reports about children crying because of the tear gas effects maybe these people should concentrate on keeping their children safe before attacking a police guarded fence, 
  the press will have a difficult time finding women and children in these scenes to tickle everyone 's tear glands, 
  with the risk of sounding cold , i 've yet to hear a plausible explanation as to how someone can `` demand '' to cross a border ( even more so , when they 're already safe in the eu ) . 
  i can understand fleeing for your life and wanting to protect your family at any cost but the only threat to their life as it stands is this hunger strike, 
  im sure that parents forcing their children to go on hunger strike to force states to bend the law in their favour will put all these integration concerns to rest, 
  people will unironically claim that deporting people makes you a nazi, 
  it would be nice to see a concentrated european effort to help hungary out instead of demonising them for doing the only sane thing at this point, 
  this guy lives in a parallel universe , the entire system collapsed in less than two weeks and he 's dreaming of lofty numbers, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_arabian_legion https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indian_legion ( and more that i do n't feel like looking up ) does this make the third reich tolerant too, 
  so what 's the backstory on this ? 
  calm down this is all cgi, 
  hm , alright , it works from firefox . 
  might be some cookie in chrome or something, 
  a paywall, 
  i think we 're doing better on that end , all things considered, 
  this is really stretching it . 
  the documentary shows how groups of people that are n't negligible in size actively reject the german constitution , gender equality etc. 
  if we 're to have a sane discussion and not turn this immigration wave into a bigger mess than it already is , we should probably look at the future problems it will pose and how they can be solved instead of treating everything as a non representative outlier . 
  this is something that is not emphasized enough . 
  if you fuck yourself over for a boat to europe and then get rejected , its game over for both sides . 
  you 're being purposefully obtuse but tourists do n't land in cities with nowhere to go . 
  as it stands , 3000 refugees do n't have a place to sleep today , you do n't even have to take my word for it , just check any local newspaper , regardless of affiliation . 
  should we start forcing people to rent rooms now ? 
  build camps ? 
  the press would have a field day with that, 
  as stated in a different comment itt , i 'm asking myself what the plan is with the ones that are coming here and are already indoctrinated , not whether or not they 're justified in their beliefs . 
  what people in kosovo/albania think is n't all that relevant for the discussion anyways ( are n't they considered safe countries now ? ), 
  tourism is n't comparable to housing immigrants, 
  you 're trying to combat supposed anecdotal evidence with ... anecdotal evidence . 
  there is actual statistical evidence that the beliefs shown in the documentary are shared by the majority of muslims . 
  probably not to the same degree in europe but there 's a fresh batch coming, 
  there is no such plan and things are out of control as it is . 
  the 5000 + that are expected to arrive this weekend in munich will literally have to sleep on the floor because all the states have already reached capacity . 
  i do n't see this going on for much longer . 
  cool video but way too polarising, 
  came here to say this, 
  do people still claim this with a straight face lmao, 
  i dont like the guy but this is a fair point of view and a bullshit sensationalist headline, 
  im down, 
  well everything else is running perfectly and is overfunded so why not, 
  i dont even have a valid passport, 
  if you take this kind of click bait and reverse psychology shit at face value , you have bigger problems than the mass islamification of europe or whatever, 
  i ca n't comment on how practical or doable this is ( it probably is not ) but why in the world would it be immoral ? 
  if all necessary facilities are provided , ranging from hospitals to schools and some semblance of entertainment , i honestly would not see the issue from a human point of view . 
  i also doubt even the most die-hard anti-asylum/immigration people would object to a solution like this . 
  can confirm , i 've been to berlin a week ago and have n't really noticed any . 
  they seem to be all over the place in munich , though, 
  jealous of the kid , amazing, 
  a laughable effort , they 're just stopping immigrants from using germany as a transit country to sweden . 
  they 'll just settle for the next best thing now, 
  that 's a pretty bizarre conclusion but i 'm confident that you know what i meant . 
  i honestly can not comprehend the stigma surrounding deportations, 
  yeah it is our god given duty to also pay for their prison cells, 
  also good luck with deporting anyone , the current efforts are a joke . 
   amazon do n't need to put their warehouses in germany amazon is offering same day deliveries in most urban areas here so it actually does, 
  the irony here is that the main breeding grounds for islamists are countries which are already part of the waiver program . 
  in the meantime , romanians get treated like terrorists for whatever reason, 
  `` i wonder if she is not doing more actual harm to the future of the west '' -  `` angela merkel is doing more damage to the future of the west than donald trump '' * journalism *, 
  at least they have a sense of humour, 
  yes , let 's cling with our teeth to willkommenskultur , uncontrolled mass immigration from the third world , turn a blind eye to radicalization and parallel societies , pretend that our integration attempts have worked so far , pass even more invasive laws and maybe ban playstations too while we 're at it, 
  jail + community service, 
  what about the tens of thousands of migrants from the balkans who are already clogging the system ? 
  are they going to be relocated to these centers too or is it not working retroactively ? 
  because there 's at least one year of backlog as far as applications go, 
  this is very reckless , the money that 's being thrown at all these shady asylum shoppers is infinitely more useful abroad  the humanitarian aid organisation sida has already calculated that halving the global development budget for schools would result in 50,000 girls and boys not going to school . 
  8,000 schools would be without teaching materials , and 9,000 teachers would not get further education .
