  how the fuck do you justify this, 
  did n't pnl fuse with the previous governing party pdl ? 
  the same one people were protesting out in the streets against a few years back ? 
  choosing between the same assholes seems to be a general symptom of democracy nowadays but i find this situation particularly shitty because both parties showed the same level of arrogance , incompetence and corruption in the last , what , 5 years ? 
  good luck finding more than a handful of abandoned houses in the cities that are worth a shit, 
  yeah i suppose that makes sense but i expected more measures to counter the ridiculous time it takes for an asylum application to be processed, 
   lawmakers from chancellor angela merkel 's ruling coalition also passed a proposal to extend to six months from three the period that asylum seekers have to stay in reception centres until their request for shelter is approved or rejected . 
  how will this remove any strain from the system ? 
  i think that trying to figure out what defines the identity of a state is beyond the scope of reddit or casual internet conversation but for what it 's worth , i find the notion of a pure * anything * quite absurd as far as genetics go -- however , the notion of transforming people that are alien to europe , let alone germany into germans by forcing the constitution and bratwurst down their throats is absolutely laughable . 
  this but unironically, 
  he should definitely be punished for breaking the local laws ( especially after having spent so many years there and even if said laws are ridiculous to us ) but the way sa is going about this is ridiculously primitive . 
  their home turf , whatever , it only highlights how shit western politicians are for entertaining relations with this barbaric state, 
  it 's worse if they do n't ask, 
  unless the ball actually gets rolling , this is just another typical round of bavarian threats for the ~ ~ prussians ~ ~ people in berlin to roll their eyes at, 
  asylum shoppers , economic migrants and africans jumping the melilla fence might all be pursuing a better standard of living but no amount of technicalities and logic stretching are going to turn them into one single group . 
  terrifying how the lines between an illegal , immigrant and refugee are constantly being blurred in the media . 
  is the notion of legal and orderly immigration completely lost ? 
  surely there are ways for skilled labourers to find work in europe without joining the wave of whatever-they-are that 's storming across the continent, 
  i do n't think anyone 's campaigning for breeding with your immediate relatives and i 'm pretty sure it 's illegal in most western countries, 
  the real issue here is that this will not have any impact whatsoever on their application . 
  i keep hearing about separating immigrants based on ethnic group and religion but what the fuck is going to happen once they 're not confined to any facility ? 
  are they all going to magically mutate into brilliant peaceful engineers ? 
  they claim to have come to germany for safety , there is absolutely no reason to tolerate hurting other people . 
  free to pick its bias, 
  you just replied to it, 
  no wonder everyone wants to come to germany, 
  not the onion nope, 
  spent two weeks there in march , my favourite place on earth so far, 
  buying pizza and killing pedestrians are not mutually exclusive anyway, 
  lighten up, 
  if the 18k churches ( and counting ) arent enough , then sure . 
  maybe itll generate some tourism revenue 500-1000 years from now, 
  theyll be in germany by the end of the week e : to expand on this , no matter how tough the edgelords in this thread sound , no one will dare use violence against these illegals and theyll keep applying pressure until they get what they want . 
  we are literally being taken advantage of and i see no end in sight, 
  great , my selfie stick is in dire need of a replacement, 
  it is but youre probably better off refuting it in a thread where its actually being claimed unironically, 
  probably , but youre deep into strawman territory here . 
  no one said anything about sharia here -- ghettoisation , isolation of certain groups and social cohesion are things that should be of concern right now and should not be laughed off . 
  the issues of european nations not being able to deport migrants effectively , missing paperwork and authorities being overwhelmed and unable to turn the tide of migrants have been acknowledged and discussed to death already . 
  failed integration of the people that stay is a well documented fact as well . 
  this is not a novel point of view that ive decided to call valid just because . 
  ridiculing legitimate concerns does not make you witty, 
  the article is biased as expected but ugh , this video gives me the douche chills . 
  such an embarrassment to everyone involved . 
  i hadnt seen it up until now but the article did a poor job at describing just how cringe-worthy it is . 
  we are a joke, 
   that 's a broad generalisation . 
  most refugees are unskilled , some are n't though . 
  the vast majority is not only unskilled ( estimated at around 81 % ) but functionally illiterate ( 5 years behind their peers in school in the same grade ) to the point where the ~ 54 that found highly skilled jobs is a negligible amount that is barely worth mentioning  but notes that most of them are also young ( under 30 ) and can be trained . 
  that is not a criteria for granting a visa or working rights in a modern country , nor is anyone trying to attract people that have no qualifications but * could be trained *  also , there is no line to be blurred between refugees and immigrants . 
  all refugees are immigrants . 
  refugees are expected to go back to their home countries once the situation in their home country is stable again . 
  sure , there is a fat chance of that ever happening with this wave but you are wrong either way, 
  humanitarianism aside , refugees are not foreign talent that the east is missing on so lets not throw them in the same boat ( no pun intended ) with legal immigrants from the eu . 
  there is no breakdown of who is being targeted , given how the lines between refugees and immigrants are constantly being blurred , much to everyone 's disservice . 
  love the growing trend of stigmatizing `` eastern '' germany and giving it a bad rap due to a wealth of socio-economic factors that have been thoroughly researched and documented in various newspapers -- surely , there is also growing concern among the same researches , politicians and opinion-makers about a group of people that largely comes from societies that are essentially fucked up beyond our spreadsheets and comprehension . 
  good , fuck her and her party, 
  youve validated that its fair to call `` the other side '' racists in your very first reply , managed to sound abrasive and patronising and pretend to be impartial a few seconds later when you get called on your shit truly a higher form of arguing, 
  i havent experienced any of these things though so how can they be true * puts sunglasses on and sips from his chai latte *, 
  the fact that anyone cares is a testament to white privilege, 
  theres two issues im seeing here : 1 . things are/were so out of control that the group that is in the most dire need of protection is being neglected . 
  that is not humane , that is downright shameful . 
  2 . a lot of these migrants lie about their age and have no papers -- they might be registered as children in some place and adults in another . 
  most/a lot of this is munich btw . 
  they seem to have mixed the footage . 
  you can recognize the feldherrnhalle at odeonsplatz https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/odeonsplatz and the marienplatz https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marienplatz, 
  probably because the us has a real immigration policy as opposed to the shitshow on this side of the atlantic . 
  and were still scratching our collective head why some people arent exactly optimistic about `` diversity '' when for the better part of last year we havent even identified who these migrants * are * . 
  getting some ramsay vibes, 
  good , europe has no culture or history anyway, 
  good , europe has no culture or history anyway, 
  good , europe has no culture, 
  good , europe has no culture, 
  im sensitive to the fact that the word should not be trivialised ( and also that theres a lot of sensationalism involved here ) but penetration isnt necessarily a prerequisite for a `` rape '' to take place especially given the inconsistencies in interpretation . 
  groping is undoubtedly sexual assault though and it is literally what happened on an unprecedented scale for germany and that is * bad *, 
  `` an eagle named `` small government '' flew into the room and perched atop the american flag and shed a tear on the canned cheese . 
  the pledge of allegiance was read several times , and god himself showed up and enacted a flat tax rate across the country . 
  all registered republican that day and accepted jesus as their lord and savior '', 
  the taste of freedom and democracy, 
  that would be racist, 
  love the smell of a polarised society in the morning, 
  ive also listened to it again and can confirm it sounds like an afd voter, 
  well according to experts we just need to throw more money at the problem and maybe theyll hate their new host country less / wont want to chop random people to pieces with an axe . 
  but its good to know what to expect in advance either way , i guess some elites * do care *, 
  the problem is coming from the opposite direction, 
  you just cut 10 %, 
  yes it is because of their work and talents, 
  the irony here is that this very post is racist and ignorant, 
  describe germany in one post, 
  for the same reason you would not listen to lil wayne talk about brexit, 
  only other crypto-fascists ( or people with bad political opinions ) will understand this, 
  only on weekends, 
  dont you have some wheels to unscrew ? 
   and , since you seem to be a ` besorgter b\u00fcrger ' keep these observations to yourself, 
  we mobilize armies to keep them at bay yet still call them refugees --, 
  the comparison to going out drinking is stupid for starters anyway, 
  im not sure i understand your point though , are you implying germany isnt already in competition with china ? 
  we 're already competing with them and are also exporting a shitload of products there ( biggest trading partner , yeah ? ), 
  the us stance often times feels downright hostile towards the eu . 
  im down with a silk road renaissance,
