  can confirm , am jobless as of two hours ago and have no employment perspective, 
  good, 
  is she also going to solve world hunger, 
  once it becomes clear that heading north is not a guaranteed entry into the eu , less people will be eager to get on boats to cross the sea . 
  this is the humane solution, 
  whos gon na sell selfie sticks now, 
  like trolley problems, 
  just another day at the office, 
  to my knowledge , the council doesnt even have legislative power . 
  you probably mean the commission ? 
   and i do n't want this union to survive after seeing that the rest of the eu is a bunch of useless snakes . 
  the eu -- at least for me -- amounts to more than a bunch of spineless politicians . 
  its not perfect but , with the risk of sounding pathetic , theres a sense of belonging that has developed over time and goes beyond nationality and culture . 
  i dont know if im in the minority here but , either way , just looking at brexit and the amount of vitriol shown even in this sub against random brits makes me fearful of throwing it all to shit and having this attitude spread out continent-wide . 
  i was merely addressing your snarky reply to his concern . 
  but haha yeah le schulz for le epic win, 
  surely a reason to smirk when countries have a choice between damaging their education , healthcare and research and taking in barely documented migrants against their electorate 's wishes . 
  so progressive ( but damn those fascist parties why are they getting so many votes !! ), 
  so lets house , clothe , feed and deport ( does this count as magical disappearance ? ), 
  who we have to , see what needs to be done to prevent situations like this from ever arising ( seeing how a redistribution is something no one can agree to ) and stop damaging this union even further . 
  whether or not it was a correct decision is debatable . 
  my point is that no one agreed to have germany be the buffer prior to a redistribution so there is no room to ask for other countries to take them in . 
  germany is perfectly aware of this , thats why theres also punitive action involved . 
  we made a decision and have to sort out its consequences . 
  a real future european solution would be preventing such a mess from ever happening again . 
  a union based on coercion and threats can not survive . 
  lastly , i want this union to survive , which is also why this subject is irritating to me . 
  please stop insinuating otherwise, 
  the moment germany said fuck it , let them in , hundreds of thousands said fuck it , lets go . 
  other countries came up with their own solutions that we made sure we pointed our fingers at and never supported because it was against some arbitrary fucking values . 
  get off your high horse : germany is not the guardian of europe , european values or humanism . 
  how self absorbed do you even have to be to have this attitude . 
  e : some `` european values '' we have , we let them in , made a mess of it and are using our economic power to play hot potato with refugees to get rid of the burden . 
  the current refugee problem is not a european problem , it 's a german problem . 
  you can not unilaterally make a decision , call it the correct one and attempt to take punitive measures against people who do n't want to join you . 
  idiotic policies like this are what 's destroying our union , not populist parties or russia . 
  anyone will agree that qualified migrants ( and there are many coming to germany legally thankfully ) help the economy . 
  as ai and automation become ubiquitous , the demand for the few that are qualified for blue collar work will drop accordingly . 
  it just means the state injected a shitload of money into the economy to make our new guests feel welcome . 
  meanwhile our infrastructure is still shitty and the long term damage to the economy that hundreds of thousands -- potentially millions -- of welfare queens will cause is incalculable . 
  spare me the pipe dream of integration into the job market , history and statistics show there 's a fat chance of it happening for the majority . 
  i 'm sorry about the abrasiveness but im honestly tired of hearing about these fictive benefits . 
  if we want to jerk ourselves off for being humane , sure , but let 's stop at that . 
  you do n't understand economics, 
  haha well played ( the irony is that it 's literally what 's happening ), 
  sorry , i was referring to the refugees because they were being paraded in this particular article ( and who comprise the bulk of new migrants ) . 
  do n't disagree with your point , should have clarified . 
  i do n't have a notion regarding `` blue collar '' work ( though there are discouraging statistics in that area ) but a negligible number of the refugees that the article insists on is employable in the software field where there is an acute demand so they 're of no help on that end . 
  when the fourth industrial revolution hits germany full force , most of these people are thoroughly fucked , some locals included e : clarity, 
  this is not good news, 
  swallowed back into the bowels of hell i hope, 
  solid reasoning, 
  nah , just this reddit post and some ad revenue on dw.com, 
  since it 's already been accepted that there are literal criminals roaming about , i have to wonder what die linke 's solution is beyond skepticism and calling others irresponsible e : nevermind , this woman is a marxist hairdresser , i dont even care anymore, 
  im just telling you that nationalism and these two parties are not the same thing . 
  if you want to demonise a rather complex concept like nationalism because le pen or petry are meanies , well , whatever floats your boat, 
  ok using similar logic , we 're justified in condemning islam at every step because of isis and boko haram . 
  nationalism doesnt boil down to the handful of ridiculous political parties that are making waves here and there . 
  hes comparing something that is not inherently wrong to the rise of a literal madman and mass murderer . 
  its a very loaded political statement that this character should not be making . 
  as has been mentioned itt , parallels can be drawn between any two things if you try hard enough, 
  i can also draw some parallels between the church , the spanish inquisition and paedophilia while were at it, 
  mega extreme super duper extra right deluxe , so goddamned extreme right its off the charts, 
   for all his german heritage , germans have not taken to donald trump . 
  wow looks like he wasnt born wearing sandals and socks after all, 
  yes , fighting this retarded form of indoctrination and subjugation of women is cultural imperialism at its finest -- who are we to know better ? 
  yeah that 's a wrong map then, 
  they seem to have just thrown vassals and autonomous provinces in as well which is kinda ehhhhh beyond that , the empire never controlled such a big chunk of africa anyway, 
  bombs, 
  wait a minute , i thought the consensus here on reddit was that this aid can not be used as leverage against mena countries and that we have no choice but to keep anyone they dont feel like taking back, 
  i know the articles and it would be naive for anyone to think that all reports were real -- however , i was referring to some aggregated numbers to support the thesis that a `` massive amount '' were false reports . 
  im not even trying to rile you up , its an honest interest because i havent seen anything that would indicate it so far . 
  the k\u00f6ln incidents arent the holy grail of anti-immigration arguments for me ( and i also dont consider myself to be a member of the alt-right but whatever ) -- however , i do have a girlfriend who happens to work near one of these `` care domes '' or whatever the label says in the suburbs here and the amount of her freaking out over being followed , cat-called , her way blocked to be hit on has risen in the last year by quite a bit . 
  i like to believe that she hasnt lost her mind and its obviously anecdotal but naturally i worry and it rubs me the wrong way when the k\u00f6ln thing is laughed off because some of the reports turned out to be bs -- why is why were having this discussion, 
  that article proves nothing -- show some hard numbers for false reports and acquitted suspects if youre going out of your way to downplay that evening, 
  yeah i bet 999 are fake reports and sexual assault isnt too bad anyway xd, 
  wow what a baller, 
  your loss nl , dumping ground for criminal trash checking in, 
  also a pattern people have no issue pointing out, 
  i thought applications from the balkans were being denied on the spot/in record time ? 
  why are they getting pocket money ? 
  the fact that people unironically support and even defend the state having a say over what kind of information gets posted online makes me feel uncomfortable about the future of this country and continent . 
  i suppose a headline along the lines of `` rejected because of obvious nepotism '' does n't generate as many clicks as some of the stuff im reading in german media, 
  what do european homicide rates have to do with the discussion ? 
  high or not , there should be no shrugging of shoulders if they go up for whatever reason . 
  good people can be helped elsewhere just as well , most people do n't want others to suffer , believe it or not !, 
  stating the obvious here but prague is a gorgeous city and i ca n't wait to visit again, 
  because the world is quite obviously a good vs evil battle and the left is the side of justice and truth, 
  far fewer terrorists will get to abuse freedom of movement inside the eu if we do a better job at securing our outer borders and preventing people on watch lists from wandering about nilly willy . 
  i do n't get why this is even a discussion and why we have to sacrifice anything because we 've let ourselves become the dumping ground for criminal trash from mena that no one wants back . 
  there is a distinct lack of options to choose from . 
  i can very well vote for the afd to make a statement against uncontrolled migration but i get a whole bunch of dumb shit i ca n't agree with as well . 
  mainstream parties are equally retarded when it comes to migration . 
  more intrusive surveillance laws for `` natives '', 
  maximum diversity achieved, 
  one could even call him a. . . lone wolf, 
  police does n't release or debunk information as soon as it is available and having a suspect in custody does n't halt other activities . 
  it was never confirmed that the pakistani guy was guilty . 
  beep beep i am a robot, 
  i do n't sympathize with or read either but you should probably look outside of your echo chamber instead of being abrasive on reddit,
