  the ` west ' did blablabla ? 
  sure , we did . 
  obama is literally hitler ? 
  sure , why not ? 
  edit : english grammar is hard . 
  oh please , do n't drag me into a useless discussion with your clich\u00e9 wall-of-texts . 
  of course things are going to be bad after an armed revolution . 
  it has only been one year since gaddafi fell , the country is n't going to miraculously be well after a civil war that has destroyed a part of it . 
  actually , you baited me out of my initial intent , which was to merely state the hypocrisy in the song , in which he uses dictators like gaddafi as role models for revolution/liberation . 
  edit : i forgot to add , what if the so called ` evil westerners ' had n't intervened ? 
  what do yo think would 've happened ? 
  you think gaddafi would graciously and mercifully defeat those who defied him , having a sudden change of heart after more than 30 years crushing rebellions ? 
  well , i think it is . 
  well i do n't know what he deserved or what he did n't . 
  does n't change the fact he did some bad things . 
  i 'd say `` our little subreddit is growing ! '', 
  but :  redditor for 9 months, 
  oh , the humanity !, 
  indeed . 
  it makes the song a little bit senseless . 
  sem contrapartida , pela revolucao sou suicida ... / 0 \\ if i recall correctly , does n't he praise gaddafi in that song ? 
  exactly , what i said does n't even qualify as wisdom . 
  it 's just common sense . 
  the man is not a politician . 
  i think it is more plausible that either he just meant something else or said something really dumb , rather than being part of a conspiracy to end democracy in europe ( which in itself is a really improbable concept , given the age we live in ) . 
  this is usually called a ` gaffe ' . 
  not an ominous sign of the apocalypse . 
  nope . 
  i would n't trust most of my countrymen with a 1 $ coin . 
  even less an important and fulcral office like the european presidency . 
  suffice to say that this view is shared by many portuguese . 
  well a lot of nordic women are raped in oslo . 
  humanity learning lessons ? 
  i 'm genuinely and unironically shocked . 
  hsegmsammfamsf my muney asdadsafafafas dun geive eet to dose soutrhern pigs asdfajfshasf, 
  i , too , like to take ms paint maps on imgur seriously . 
  this is my very offended reply . 
  it feels wrong . 
  the symbols simply do n't blend well . 
  that 's mean . 
  there is no universal human right of `` the right not to get fired if you 're bad at your job '' . 
  i was talking about the manufacturing part . 
  it is hard to compete with people who do n't really follow basic human rights . 
   it 's not a cliche , it 's a commonly repeated truth . 
  nope . 
  it 's a wrong oversimplification of the problem that fits your views . 
   i do n't want this to be that personal . 
  i do n't think portugal sucks , i think they 're not competitive . 
  whatever . 
   we use them far too often already . 
  it 's a large expense as-is ... and we have to deal with them in 2 different countries . 
  we are not made of money . 
  legal expenses matter . 
  but point blank : if i do n't have to , i 'm not going to . 
  and there is no compelling reason to do business in europe that makes it worth it . 
  complying with laws in 2 countries is difficult enough , and you 're typically nailed to the wall if you 're a foreigner in a foreign court . 
  i run a business . 
  i am not a full time regulatory paperwork signer . 
  yeah , that 's the obstacle about trading in foreign countries . 
   no , it 's really not . 
  yes , it is . 
  unless you consider human rights a burdensome law . 
   just because you do n't get it and your country is n't good at it does n't mean it 's a bubble ; it just means you 're ill-informed . 
  that 's fresh from the guy who spews economical clich\u00e9s about southern european countries . 
  heck , i do n't need you to tell me that my country sucks , to know it . 
  however , i sure as hell wo n't turn my country upside down , just because you think that your economical model fits in a small country with no capital backbone . 
   and it endangers the jobs of everyone else at the company . 
  i can not allow that to happen . 
  yeah , sure . 
  god forbid you actually use your lawyers . 
   you pretty clearly do . 
  europe is not competitive in the digital economy and europe is not competitive in the manufacturing economy . 
  different problems . 
  again we need more sustainable businesses and less bubble-like investments . 
  in relation to the manufacturing economy , while we trade with countries with different and more lenient labor laws , it 'll always be crappy . 
  the same applies to the us and to europe . 
  spanish coal is n't affordable because the mining companies have to actually care and zeal for their employees . 
  american rare earths are not profitable because china does n't really give a damn about the environment . 
  i can keep escalating these examples . 
   it 's also worth noting that portugal and to a lesser extent italy did not really have massive bubbles . 
  they just had chronically bad growth ( aka : was not competitive ) which eventually led to contraction and recession as the rest of the world dealt with their real estate bubbles . 
  it was a bust without a boom . 
  you 're wrong . 
  as i 'm too lazy to explain , i 'll just leave a few keywords : contruction companies , euro 2004 , expo 98 , highways and bridges . 
  in relation to italy , do n't know , ask an italian . 
   sometimes employees do n't work out . 
  sometimes it 's my fault , sometimes it 's theirs . 
  that does n't change the fact that it 's a problem and the responsible thing to do is fix it ... and that european law will not let you do this . 
  that is the bottom line and the only thing that matters . 
  it puts the burden of proof in the company instead of the worker . 
   ah yes , europe clearly can afford to throw jobs in new industries away . 
  with such a fantastic youth unemployment rate , who needs to care about `` the internet '' and `` start ups '' ? 
  we do n't . 
  we already have our share of nasty bubbles . 
   one of the more successful entrepreneurs i know is from portugal . 
  he went from losing money to making 8 figures a year . 
  now he lives in california . 
  i wonder why ? 
  ~ ~ please do tell me more about this fellow ~ ~ . 
  actually , do n't .
