  they will have to choose . 
  there will have to be a bureaucratic process , and that process will be anything but simple ( and judging from my previous experiences with swiss bureaucracy , at least in the french canton , i can only react with a ` lol ' ) . 
   are you really suggesting that one of the freest , most developed , progressive , wealthy and truly beautiful countries is going to struggle to recruit or to attract people to meet quotas ? 
  attract ? 
  recruit ? 
  yes . 
  exactly . 
  competing industries in other eu countries now have more ease to recruit people for their companies than swiss companies . 
  my point is the same . 
  how do you enforce the quota ? 
   or they 'll just negotiate an associate agreement as replacement , continue trading with the single market , but now set their own immigration limits . 
  obviously , but it takes two to tango . 
   why on earth would they have problems getting qualified workers ? 
  they 'll be able to just run an advert . 
  they can invite as many or as little as they like . 
  the immigration limits the swiss have just voted for ? 
  they 'll still get qualified individuals through exceptions , sure , but they just added a layer of bureaucracy , making it inherently harder to go work there . 
  haha , what a snub . 
  well this is anecdotal , but i went to the u.k. in 2008 and i only took my id card . 
  [ more info ] ( http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/customs-travel/enteringtheuk/arrivingatukborder/ )  what travel documents are accepted at the border ? 
  you must be the legal holder of a genuine document . 
  your documents must be valid and issued by a government or authority . 
  the most common examples of travel documents are :  national passports ; or 1951 convention travel documents for refugees . 
  ** we also accept national identity cards for eea citizens . 
  eh it was just a retarded joke , not a criticism of current european union foreign policy . 
  to be honest , i 'm far more afraid of russian economic sanctions and the clusterfuck that crimea is , rather than military intervention . 
  the use of military force by any side right now would be extremely unwise . 
  russia invading ukraine ? 
  time to sharpen our pencils and refill our pens . 
  on a more serious note :  analysts say that although russia has a special interest in ukraine , glazyev does not speak for putin and is exaggerating the threat of military force . 
   `` mr. glazyev has a record of making inflammatory statements about ukraine -- to my knowledge , he does not speak for the russian government on ukraine , '' said john lough , an analyst specializing on the russia and eurasia at the chatham house think-tank in london . 
  `` i think that any potential intervention by russia would be political and economic , and certainly not military . '', 
   some protesters say the ukrainian government is playing for time and would welcome russian military intervention if protesters refuse to back down . 
  you must have been hibernating then . 
  thanks man !, 
  i really missed the mark there . 
   we 're japans foot in the eu door , are n't we ? 
  can someone explain this analogy to me ? 
  i do n't really get it . 
  is it about quantitative easing ? 
  and you know this , how ? 
   and yet all of you idiots are eating it up . 
  again . 
  wake up sheeple !, 
   back to the halcyon days where we only complained about evil america ( with the uk sometimes getting an honorary mention ) , eh ? 
  oh yes , everyone bullies the poor usa and uk . 
  nasties like germany and france , with their massive and far greater military and intelligence spending pose a real threat to the five-eyes coalition . 
  they 're bullies / u/yldas . 
  always preying on the poor , old and kind , uncle sam . 
  pushing their luck . 
  they are trying to kill you , destroy your way of life . 
  you must continue your work . 
  awaken the sheepish europeans to their devilish governments . 
  let them see the truth only you can see !, 
  let them bathe in the eternal glory of your unique perspective !, 
   i did not say that foreigners are outlawed from society . 
  neither did i. 
   i 'd try my best to be a part of a society and for me this means also getting a citizenship . 
  why is citizenship ** that ** important to you ? 
  oh , the portuguese state also lets you live in guettos ( offers utilities too ) and get the benefits . 
  when i meant dignified , i meant a place where leaving the building does n't mean getting mugged and beaten to a pulp . 
  300 and something euros is not nearly enough to live a comfortable life in portugal , even with house and utilities paid , much less in germany . 
   i 'd fully become a part of its society ( citizenship ) this is wrong . 
  on so many levels . 
  think about it deeply . 
  citizenship is ( should be ) a completely independent thing from society . 
  what ? 
  it is pretty hard to make do being hartz iv . 
  of course they 're not easy , but if you are legally here you are as entitled to them as i am . 
   most of these benefits are shit meaning they 're low and that is is pretty much impossible to lead a dignified life ( food , housing and utilities ) with them . 
   if i move to another country to earn more money it 's my own decision and i do not necessarily have the right to claim the same benefits there as a foreigner . 
  if you paid taxes and social security , would n't you feel entitled to claim benefits ? 
  i mean how would you have a retirement pension then ? 
  does the german government offer you a pension if you never paid ss before ? 
  because in portugal they would tell me to fuck off ( i.e. 
  : pay me 230 $ / month ) . 
  necessary criteria for all below : you need to have a social security number , to have one , you need to either have a residence permit , or be an eu citizen with residence in portugal ( hint : it 's not hard ) . 
  edit : ( the other obvious option is : be a citizen ) unemployment benefits : if you 're unemployed you need to be actively searching for work and show up to any interviews your unemployment counselor sets . 
  you also need to have worked before for at least 6 months , or else you 're not counted as unemployed and therefore you are not entitled to unemployment benefits . 
  family benefits : you need to have children or dependent minors . 
  sickness : you need to be sick . 
  disability : you need to be disabled or have a dependent person that is . 
  poor : you need to have an income under a certain amount . 
  modifiers include : marital status , number of children , number of dependents , income bracket and others that i do n't recall right now . 
  there are several others , including some for illegal aliens , but i do n't know and cba to look for them in the social security website . 
  be aware that most of these benefits are shit . 
  edit : i forgot the main one , ha . 
  pensions : you need to have discounted to social security for a number of years ( 15 consequent years if i 'm not mistaken ) and from the total you discounted a monthly value is given and calculated from several criteria . 
  if you either : have a value that 's bellow a certain threshold or are not entitled to any pensions , you can have a special survival pension of something like 230 $ / month . 
   btw how is this topic handled in portugal ? 
  quoting my previous post :  i mean in portugal , if you have a residence permit ( or are an eu citizen ) you can enjoy state pension and state benefits as long as you fulfill the same criteria as other portuguese ( being a citizen is not one of them ) . 
  i thought this was pretty much the same across europe . 
  i was wrong apparently . 
  edit :  i did , the main reason for working in germany is probably a higher wage than what you get in your home country . 
  so you 're not in germany to help or finance society , but to earn more money and sustain a higher standard of living . 
  i hope this answers your question . 
  no it does n't . 
  it is completely ridiculous . 
  this part is hilarious :  but to earn more money and sustain a higher standard of living . 
  so germans are n't looking for that ?
