  i also think it is not unreasonable for them to hold such grudges . 
  i have no strong feelings , one way or the other . 
  the big problem is that banks are n't on the same level as private house-owners . 
  you , as a private citizen , have to pay municipal property tax if you own a house , period . 
  bank foreclosed houses ( or any other type of houses forcefully arrested by banks ) on the other hand , do n't pay municipal tax . 
  ** this creates a perverse system in which the banks are holding property in lisbon ( and elsewhere , where there is demand for housing ) and its suburbs empty to artificially rise prices ** , so that the mortgages that the execution of the foreclosure paid for do n't create massive losses for the banks . 
   benfica will play today . 
  tomorrow . 
  as a former epfl student i feel very disappointed that there is a possibility that other portuguese ( edit : or europeans ) like me will not be able to have the opportunity to study in switzerland . 
  it was an unique experience . 
  why ? 
  we do n't even fully understand particle physics . 
  even if it is just to make physics books more accurate , i think any advance in this area is incredible and worth a lot of investment . 
  besides , countries fund cern for breakthrough science , not for economically viable science . 
   i think if we say that everyone is xenophobic , then the word sort of becomes meaningless though . 
  it is n't meaningless , because it describes a common trait . 
   also , is the desire to limit immigration necessarily a xenophobic one ? 
  there may be rational reasons for seeking to limit immigration that do n't stem from a fear or hatred of others . 
  rarely does a limit in immigration stem from a rational reason , but i suppose you are right . 
   by your own definition portugal and the eu are xenophobic . 
  neither portugal nor the eu have ever renegated open border deals on those terms , but either way you 're right . 
  we 're all xenophobic , one way or the other . 
  yeah . 
  it is not racist , because this is n't tied to a specific race , it 's xenophobic , because it is tied to the fact that immigrants are foreigners . 
  how could it have been racist in the first place , when the purpose was ** always ** to curb eu-related immigration ? 
   turn british public opinion against the eu in the run up to 2017 ... you ca n't move the immovable object . 
  most british still just spend the summer here , so they 're not counted as permanent residents . 
   that 's just matter of opinion . 
  no it 's not . 
  unless you consider more poor people and less quality of life better ...  let 's agree we disagree here . 
  meaning i just wasted my time . 
  you did n't really want to believe anything other that brussels is to blame . 
   you probably mean the time when communist party ruled ...  a suprise for you , this period is now remembered by many ( though definitely not by all ) as an almost idylic era , with full employment and virtually zero criminality . 
  yes , it really is surprising , considering that both countries that made up czechoslovakia are far better now than they were before . 
   i should have been more direct . 
  imo all countries of eu should hold the same referendum . 
  the problem is too important to be left to the incompetents in the brussels . 
  all the powers brussels has , were given by the member-states . 
  the institutions in brussels are n't some kind of monster that oppresses the european peoples , they 're exactly what the european governments and eu-member states want them to be ... 
  besides the point is exactly that . 
  immigration is n't up to brussels to decide . 
  it is open , as per the treaties the countries signed . 
  the amount of immigrants your country lets in is n't decided by the eu , its either decided by your country ( non-eea , non-schengen nationals ) or free ( eea and other treaty abiding countries ) . 
   other popular destinations are : france ( 330,000 ) ; ireland ( 329,000 ) ; germany ( 107,000 ) ; cyprus ( 65,000 ) ; the netherlands ( 48,000 ) ; greece ( 45,000 ) ; portugal ( 39,000 ) ; and italy ( 37,000 ) . 
   the government reply indicates the real numbers could be higher , due to `` a high evidence of non-registration '' in france , portugal and spain . 
  ther be takin ' mer beeches !, 
   they may import as many people as they think they need and as long as switzerland is switzerland i see no problem to fill the positions . 
  you do n't see the problem in government deciding who will work and who will not ? 
  it is the perfect setup for corporate favoritism , like it happens in the us , where big corps have a natural advantage for recruiting foreign talent , while small companies have a bureaucratic maze just to hire non-americans ( the infamous o-visa ) . 
  one would think that you , coming from eastern europe , would know better about government meddling ...  i bet they will handle their own needs better then those know-it-all from brussels . 
  what does this even mean ... 
  this was n't brussels telling them what to do ... 
  this was a treaty they signed so they could access the european market , i.e. 
  : sell us their services without tariffs . 
  mind you that they did a referendum back then and accepted this . 
   how does n't it work in the uk , australia , new zealand , canada ? 
  do n't know about the other three but the uk has one of the highest illegal immigration percentages in the eu and rising ( greater than spain , germany , italy and france , though for fairness ' sake only spain and germany have a higher percentage of foreigners living in the country ) . 
  how is that successful ? 
   it means you 're just trying to make arguments up out of think air to convince yourself that what switzerland has done is bad , because the alternative is facing up to the possibility that the eu project is inherently flawed . 
  this is a strawman . 
  this is n't about the eu . 
  it is about the freedom of movement . 
   there 's absolutely no reason why a country ca n't have a quota for immigration and continue to adjust that quota hiring and recruiting as the need arises . 
  people will still be queuing up for the opportunity . 
  agreed . 
  but the types you do n't want in country do n't queue . 
   ` good luck to 'em ' means i extend my best of wishes to the swiss . 
  i wish them well . 
  i also wish them well . 
  switzerland , for good or worse , is part of my identity . 
  i lived and studied there . 
  i have family that are swiss citizens ( like pretty much a shitload of portuguese ) . 
   you mean exactly how it does n't work in every other country that successfully has quotas ? 
  exactly . 
  the only people who will be crippled by that system are the ones that actually comply with it . 
  it does n't work anywhere . 
  not in the usa , not in the uk . 
   you 're just saying things to console yourself that switzerland messed up . 
  good luck to 'em . 
  what does this mean ? 
   my god , employers will have to choose the best candidate and the state wo n't have to pay for unsuccessful candidates on welfare !?!, 
  how ... practical . 
  nope . 
  it is the opposite . 
  the state will have to choose which employer will have the foreign qualified personnel , and which employers will not . 
  this is anything but practical , it is a logistic strain on state resources and will result in an inefficient system . 
  illegal unqualified immigrants will still go there , and potential legal qualified immigrants will go elsewhere ( does n't matter if you 're `` one of the freest , most developed , progressive , wealthy and truly beautiful countries '' , very few qualified immigrants are willing to work illegally ) . 
   during the 1990s and early 2000s , when the countries of so called eastern europe were not yet part of eu , these easterners had to go through stupid bureaucracy to work in eu . 
  yet many were willing and able to do it . 
  source : i was one of those . 
  you just prove my point further . 
  switzerland needs to import workers and a choke is being put on those imports . 
  this might lead to a competitive disadvantage in relation to other companies on equally prosperous countries . 
   yeah , because people hate to be well paid and will crawl over glass to not work in switzerland . 
  what a dump . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm not calling switzerland a dump . 
  quite the contrary . 
  switzerland will still attract a lot of qualified personnel . 
  only that now they have a quota .
