  i see the south getting closer and closer to north africa / greece rather than europe . 
  things are bleak sure , but do n't be a drama queen . 
  this comparison is disrespectful to the people of nothern africa . 
  cloudpt , as vayl wrote , for storage and meo music box for music . 
  to be honest , i 'm migrating into portuguese based cloud services ( not because these news ofc , but because * speed * ) , so meh . 
  i would have to say that it 's a tie between switzerland and the netherlands . 
  ( i 've visited portugal ( hurrdurr ) , spain , andorra ( as pretty much a shitload of portuguese teenagers ) , france , england , scotland , belgium , italy and both countries above ) . 
   ( europe gets most it 's oil from the middle east ) you see , the * real * problem is that you 're wrong . 
  you are lying . 
  you are building your whole argumentation on the basis of a wrong premisse . 
  i would give you the true facts but , as they say , `` give a man a fish , and you feed him for a day ; show him how to catch fish , and you feed him for a lifetime '' . 
  so search google for `` europe 's oil imports '' and look out for a link with ** eurostat ** somewhere in it and illuminate your mind . 
  i can concede , however , even though your base is wrong , you 're right in some parts , as that ignoring the middle-east would cause moderate problems in crude oil supply . 
  happened to my father when he went to italy if i 'm not wrong . 
  well , today i learned that chickpeas are `` gr\u00e3o-de-bico '' . 
  do n't forget ` boches ' for germans . 
  18/19 failed andorra . 
  what a brainfreeze . 
  ( though i had to enumerate a ton of southern american countries to get suriname ), 
  i used fyrom . 
  it accepted :d, 
   i 'm talking about these 75 % taxes , which you seem to support wait , what ? 
  where did i write that ? 
  i would tell you my ideology about the taxing system but that 'll be a story for another day . 
   if you tax at a fair rate and tell me `` it 's to pay for the public lighting , it 's to pay for the policemen and the firemen , it 's to pay for the education and the healthcare of everyone , it 's to keep the courts running and the roads free '' , sure , i support those taxes , everyone does , it 's paying to get something in return , just like i pay the baker when i buy bread . 
  who 'd ever not want this ? 
  that 's fine and dandy . 
  unfortunately , like you wrote , most of the people think that their fair tax rate is 0 % . 
   the rest of the text dunno . 
  what i 'm trying to do , is showing that depardieu 's problem is n't the fact that it is socially unfair for him to pay 75 % income tax . 
  his true problem , is the fact that he paid 145m $ ( he 's probably lying but i 'll go with it ) too much tax . 
  who decides what is fair ? 
  what is the fair tax rate for depardieu ? 
  or rich french/portuguese/wtv in general ? 
   if you can find a country which is safe to store your money and that can work properly without taxing you at all , great . 
  i 'd move there if such a place existed . 
  exactly . 
   no , what you want is to live at the expense of others , it 's why you support massive taxes for everyone else who 's wealthier than you are . 
  hurr durr you support taxes ? 
  you parasite hurr durr . 
  why pay 50 % , when i can pay 0 % . 
  i do n't want to support those `` unaccountable government bureaucrats '' . 
   you can try to tax the wealthy to the max , but they 're just going to leave the country and go elsewhere and pay 40 or 50 % tax on their income , making that country wealthier , and ones own country poorer . 
  race to the bottom . 
  * cough *, 
   i guess we 'll be taking back our parliamentary sovereignty then thank you very much . 
  you never lost it ? 
   unsustainably high trade deficit . 
  are we talking about germany ? 
  last time they had a trade deficit was 24 years ago . 
   i have n't seen anybody get really upvoted in any of the main subs either when they insult a foreigner & tell them to stay out of it , in fact , i see the complete opposite . 
  it 's called confirmation bias . 
   if you read one of my other comments you would see that i mention that kind of system . 
  not this sub thread it was a reply to another comment . 
  above ( below ? ), 
  this comment . 
  i do n't subscribe to your newsletter unfortunately , so i did n't see what you wrote . 
   so please do n't put words in my mouth i did n't put any words in your mouth . 
   why should 600 million people get the bbc broadcast for free because 60 million fund it ? 
  use an authentication system ? 
  run ads based on geo-location ? 
  you make it seem like this is an unsolvable problem . 
   so they essentially send their own corporate tax payers into bankruptcy ? 
  in what world does that make sense ? 
  portugal has favoured international creditors over national creditors for a long time . 
  so much that we use the average delay to payments as a financial benchmark for government entities . 
   i 'm afraid if you think that the democratic process is either entirely subjective or there is only one type of objective democracy i have no way of helping you . 
  nope , that 's not my point at all . 
  do n't try to purposely misrepresent it , please . 
  my point is that you ca n't deflect criticism about your way of democracy by saying `` because culture '' because it simply dilutes the whole argument . 
   north korea is not a democracy . 
  according to the western world , yes . 
  according to themselves they 're a democracy . 
  they have elections , and when confronted about the faults of their system they just say : `` it 's our way , you just do n't understand . '', 
  then all countries are democracies . 
  the whole meaning of democracy becomes diluted if you put it that way ... 
   ( thank god for that boy ) why ? 
  if you live in continental portugal , there are already several nuclear reactors really close . 
   currently the eu ensures this is not possible . 
  how so ? 
   an individual killing an animal or another individual person is simply not inherently criminal . 
  it is inherently harmful . 
   our second amendment is n't about hunting at all . 
   killing a criminal who wishes to inflict harm on my family or intrudes in my home is not harmful . 
  yes it is . 
  it is completely justified , and i think it should be a right to be able to do so , but to think that you 're not inflicting harm is dangerously delusional . 
   fire extinguishers are n't every day utensils either . 
   you 're waffling between three different arguments and making none of them exceptionally well . 
  perhaps due to deficient mastery of the english language i was n't able to make myself clear , but the original point was that comparing guns to encription or their ban is logically faulty because they 're two different things , with two completely different purposes . 
   but the argument `` well guns can kill people so common people must be restricted because of criminal action '' is like the argument `` well harddrives and modems can be used to spread child pornography so common people must be restricted because of criminal action '' what is the purpose of encryption ? 
  to enable secure communication between individuals , but people can use it with criminal intent . 
  what is the purpose of a data storage device ? 
  to store data , but people can use it with criminal intent . 
  what is the purpose of a modem ? 
  to enable internet connection , but people can use it with criminal intent . 
  what is the purpose of a car ? 
  to decrease time spent travelling , but people can use it with criminal intent . 
  what is the purpose of a gun ? 
  at best , it is either to be used as a hunting weapon or to deter harm by implication of lethal force , and people can also use it with criminal intent , but its purpose is still harmful . 
  i 've come to believe that people should be able to defend themselves using firearms ...
