  are you only earning your wage to make society better and not to have a better life for yourself ? 
  i am not . 
  i am working and living in portugal . 
  it was all an hypothetical conversation . 
  edit : you still have n't answered why you think that someone who has contributed to german society all his life should not get anything back just because he is n't german . 
   , but if i 'd leave my home country at 25 to live and work in another one for the rest of my live , i 'd get a citizenship in my new country . 
  what if i ca n't or do n't want ? 
   germany and other countries have a lot to give , but when you benefit of it you also have to give something back to the society . 
  paying 40 years of social security and taxes is n't enough contribution to society ? 
  i mean in portugal , if you have a residence permit ( or are an eu citizen ) you can enjoy state pension and state benefits as long as you fulfill the same criteria as other portuguese ( being a citizen is not one of them ) . 
  i thought this was pretty much the same across europe . 
  i was wrong apparently . 
  edit : besides is n't the eu about this anyway ? 
  i can move to germany without the hassle of having a permit and/or citizenship and enjoy the same rights and the same obligations . 
  of course . 
  however , what if i ca n't take up the german citizenship ? 
  did i just spent my whole life paying taxes and social security for nothing ? 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  if i went to work in germany when i was 25 and spent the rest of my life working there , paying social security and taxes , should portugal pay for my retirement benefits ? 
  so if i am a non-german taxpayer in germany , i essentially have the same obligations , but less rights , is that what you 're saying ? 
  you do n't need labour mobility for the best and the brightest to leave ... just regimes that do n't shoot people when they 're getting the fuck out . 
  in portugal we pay for it in the electrical bill . 
  it is about 30 $ / year . 
  we have only 2 tv channels ( one of them is supported by publicity ) and 3 radios ( 2 of them with pub ) . 
   of course we get to sell all our fish without any crap like that from the eu . 
  hmmmm , codfish . 
  yes . 
  urge young people to emigrate . 
  time to cower in fear again . 
   sadly i do n't know of any pill that can cure arrogance and cockiness . 
  i am not the one that thinks that my country or its people are or were special . 
   1 ) no comment . 
  ad hominem whenever you want . 
  this is not a personal discussion . 
  do n't make it personal , please , it is less interesting that way . 
  i have in no way attacked your character and if you think so in any way , please let me tell you right now that you either misunderstood , or i came across wrong . 
  i apologize if it is the latter . 
  the joke was n't meant to attack you in any way ... 
  it was a joke : `` take a chill pill '' , etc. . .  the fact of the matter is that nearly all of people that know me think that i am a moderate and cautious man when it comes to historical facts , that does n't mean that i will agree with the official historiography of certain nation-states that are well known for their bias . 
  this is just plain wrong . 
  your sources are n't biased but mine are ? 
  jesus , this discussion has been you overvaluing the catalan revolt and me desperately trying to say that the portuguese had some merit in achieving what catalans could not . 
   2 ) being crushed means being defeated badly and you do n't rise again after that situation . 
  as we did n't rose after 1716 . 
  the positions and opinion at court were pro severe repression . 
  what stopped them ? 
  the incapacity of doing so and the dire situation of the state . 
  not compassion or strategy of appealing to truce . 
  nope . 
  portugal was crushed in ksar el kebir , and yet here we are . 
   3 ) the fight that i was talking in that context was the struggle between the crown and the principality . 
  futhermore i was talking in perspective on the mentality of that time and the moral loss , there was n't a sense of crushing defeat anywhere . 
  in fact people revolted in rossell\u00f3 and there were many talks and tries to reconquer the lost lands . 
  well spain got the better deal then . 
  ca n't think of a bigger moral loss than just losing a part of your territory to your former ally . 
   4 ) they did seem so at the time and had very few minor losses . 
  france searched an agreement vis-a-vis with spain due to the reluctance of many officials and members of the government that despised the french and the people were at the verge of internal revolt , if anything they did n't have a thought strategy and unity in purpose . 
  if they had merely tolerated the french things may very well have gone another route . 
  so things were on the verge of going very badly for the empire . 
  that 's a big `` if '' . 
   5 ) search for miquelets , vigatans and angelets de la terra . 
  you only have to find sources of the period ( they 're not sparse in this area ) and see what they speak of . 
  again i refer to you not to trust my word and find out for yourself , there are even very detailed accounts of a portuguese bourbonic general . 
  i know about the miquelets . 
  they were a named militia . 
  like so many before them fought valiantly and other times not so valiantly . 
  why are they special ? 
   6 ) i was n't making a point about possibility of winning the war or not , that is not the subject in hand . 
  i was stating of the military and economic rise of the principality to the point of competing with castile in all fairness and dominating if it were n't for the intervention , nothing more . 
  i was indicating that in less of 3 generations that was possible , if things were so bad as you tell us that would not have been possible . 
  it was n't possible . 
  you lost . 
  that is an historical fact . 
  if it were possible , we would n't be having this discussion would we ? 
   that is the end for me , communicating in english at this level is too much of a toll for me and i feel like i 'm doing badly . 
  another thing to change if we had a state , language education and english . 
   some opinions of portuguese users in these thread mixing joking attitude with disdain : glass of water + a benzodiazepine pill should solve that problem for you . 
   we were independent from spain before it was cool . 
  lame hipster joke . 
  let it be stated on record that i fully support the right of the catalan people for self-determination , and that the sentiment is probably shared by the people who made the following comments . 
   why are the spanish regions so focused on being independent again ? 
  a question . 
   there 's an absurd amount of catalan secessionists on this subreddit . 
  a reasonable conclusion , there are far more catalans in this thread with favorable views for independence than spaniards and other catalans that do not . 
   stop with your rampant nationalism . 
  well , some people react a little bit more aggressively to your catalan-centric history revisionism . 
   so utterly crushed that in fact not only the regime of constitutions and liberties was respected and solidified in subsequent years but the mercantile and industrious society progressed and arrive to the 700 in splendour . 
  provisions that were made to appease further revolt ? 
  being crushed does n't mean you simply disappeared from the face of the earth . 
   crushing was the loss of rosell\u00f3 and the fatalities of the war , there was n't any clear political victor with that fight . 
  there was a clear politic victor of that fight . 
  france got a new province . 
   btw , so happy that our rusty militia caused ( partially ) the hilarious loss at montjuich , the first significant loss of the tercios in combat even if they omit it to talk about rocroi . 
  tercios were n't invincible . 
  does n't change the fact that the outcome of the war was pretty favorable for france , unfavorable for spain and catastrophic for catalonia . 
   mayhaps the fact of being en a state of constant war during decades gave the natural citizens some kind of experience that made the professional troops of the period blush . 
  `` catalonian master-race ''  if that was a crushing loss then i do n't know what the fuck happened during the war of succession for us going toe to toe with castile ? 
  and controlling it fine during the last phase of the war alone , until the french broke utrecht and intervened . 
  cool . 
  who won the war ?
