freedom of movement across borders is something we 've had within the nordics since well before the eu . 
  we take it for granted , but it would be a pretty big deal for us if we lost it . 
  it 's the main reason for norway being a part of schengen without being a part of the eu . 
  good thing to link to against the `` but i have nothing to hide '' argument . 
  80 warships * and other vessels * . 
  so it 's probably going to be more like five warships , two supportships , and the rest just auxilliaries , small boats and uncle yevgeni 's little sailboat . 
  to isengard to isengard, 
  petter wessel `` tordenskjold '' , who fought in the great nordic war against sweden is probably norway 's best known sailor . 
  cort adeler is another , he achieved fame and wealth in dutch and venetian service . 
  piracy has waxed and waned through history along the coast . 
  the viking age , and the gunboat war ( napoleonic wars ) being high points . 
  but i do n't really know of any famous norwegian pirates . 
  except [ kaptein sabeltann ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqzt8y1qd4y ) , of course . 
  irish leprechauns  little green men of the gru . 
  italy , probably . 
  i also have a thing for portugese . 
  `` african map of eu '' , even . 
  so the prospect of an independent nation * potentially * making a choice the russian leadership do n't agree with ( and one that seems fairly unlikely at that ) consitutes a provocation ? 
  which is enough to give them the right to first annex parts of that nation , and * then * start a war against it ? 
  if only finland had another potential supplier . 
  well there 's always belarus . 
  `` new '' . 
  is n't this just a reestablisment of amf ( l ) ? 
  oh , so it was the heavy weapons training that was declassified in the 1980s ? 
  that makes sense . 
  yes , the police troops did recieve more than just `` police '' training . 
  however , they are normally counted as part of the formal norwegian forces in exile . 
  the `` resistance '' generally refers to milorg and norwegian soe agents . 
  the distinction is that regular forces would be subject to geneva treaty protection if captured , while resistance forces would not , at least in german eyes . 
  in the event , the police troops were deployed without the heavy weapons , as just police troops . 
  but with swedish small arms and uniforms . 
  some sanitized swedish weapons produced for the swedish secret service did also end up in the hands of the resistance towards the end of the war . 
  most famously [ here ] ( http://www.filmweb.no/bilder/migration_catalog/article584936.ece/binary/max%20manus%20er%20livvakt%20for%20kronprins%20olav ), 
  it 's pretty much a translation of the navy seal copypasta, 
  while i dont ' begrudge sweden the choices they made during the war , let 's not go completely the other way either . 
  that wikipedia page has gotten it the wrong way around . 
  sweden did n't train norwegians to become resistance fighters , resistance members ( and later , `` resistance members '' ) who had to flee to sweden became police troops , who were intended to go into norway after the germans surrendered to help with disarmament . 
  which they did to some extent . 
  this has never been a secret in norway , so it 's a little strange to see that it was only decassified in sweden in the 1980s . 
  a lot of swedes knew as well . 
  swedish secret services did work with milorg to some degree , but they did n't train norwegian resistance . 
  sweden did certainly take in a lot of refugees from norway , and i believe they did recieve several official thank you 's immediately after the war . 
  we also have some streets named after torgny segersted , raoul wallenberg and folke bernhardotte, 
  where do you get that idea ? 
  we basically tried to do the same thing . 
  alive , he 's an embarassement waiting to happen . 
  dead , he 's a potentially valuable martyr . 
  not a good position to be in . 
  childhood memories of [ jellied eels ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jellied_eel ) for dinner returning ? 
  that would probably bring too much attention on the negative aspects on the steam drm model . 
   for that , you would have to prove it was an `` attack '' as compared to an `` accident '' i think everyone agrees the plane was shot down now . 
  the disagreement is on who did it . 
  and there would n't be any reason for nato to secure the crash site if it was on the territory of a nato country . 
  you seem to think that if something is n't specifically mentioned in the nato treaty text , it 's `` illegal '' ( in what court ? ), 
  the treaty clauses covers what nato * has * to do , not what nato * can * do . 
  1 . most of the passengers were citizens of nato countries . 
  unprovoked attacks on civilians is certainly more than enough to justify a response if there is something close ot a consensus among the members . 
  neither bosnia or kosovo were treaty states , were they ? 
  there is also the matter of the crash site . 
  again , nato has operated outside treaty territory before . 
  and russia was not operating on its own territory in south ossetia either . 
  it 's a nato issue if nato decides to make it a nato issue , just as russia decides wether or not to make it a russian issue . 
  it 's not like it gets a huge response usually when un peacekeepers gets killed . 
  so russia is justified in invading georgia over the death of 12 soldiers , but nato is not justified to respond , even politically , over the death of 300 civilians ? 
  and the six-years anniversary of the death of the russian soldiers was yesterday , btw . 
  svyturys ( beer ) is lithuanian , i think . 
  love putin with the shush pose . 
  you should x-post to / r/propagandaposters * edit it 's there already . 
  weird . 
  it 's like he thinks everything must be america 's fault since there 's no area in the world , including europe and russia that has any political dynamic of its own , and that everything they do must simply be a reaction to us politics . 
  it 's probably a healthy thing overall to have dissenting voices like this in the domestic us discourse , but in terms of foreign affairs , this is nothing but self-flagellatory navel gazing . 
  the mona lisa was a strange choice for paris . 
  even it the painting is located there , it portraits the italian countryside in the background . 
  he very much wanted britain to be part of the british empire an commonwealth . 
  they 've taken osce observers hostage something like four or five times . 
  sometimes , these have include european military officers , sometimes not . 
  they 've been released after a few weeks at most , i think . 
  to continue to do that seems like the most obvious reaction . 
  they have never suffered any consequences for this . 
  yeah . 
  but that has n't stopped the dpr from doing similar stuff before . 
  is there a contingency plan in place if they 're taken hostage as `` fascist spies '' by the dpr ? 
  because that seems fairly likely in my view . 
  look , when you rent out sheep guaranteeing `` full satisfcation or your money back '' , we expect you to honour it . 
  right after that `` emergency '' spying legislation too . 
  cameron 's been on a roll lately . 
  they just skip the invasion part , and go straight to `` beach holiday '' , which is occupation without the hassle of guard duty and resistance . 
  it 's just more efficient that way . 
  invaded for less while trying to maintain neutrality . 
  the lession both norway and denmark drew from the war was that trying to not provoke big neighbours by not taking sides , was not so much futile as irrelevant . 
  if your location has strategic value , being neutral makes you more likely to be invaded , not less . 
  i do n't have any problem with that . 
  kind of brings back memories of un observers being taken hostage in bosnia in the nineties . 
  seriously , why is obesity mentioned there ? 
  it has no bearing on either the us or eu as world powers . 
  unless it is to measure energy reserves for a potential soylent green energy policy , of course . 
  what 's going on in middle sweden ? 
  if there 's one argument we as europeans should have zero tolerance for , it 's the argument that previous influence gives any rights at all . 
  particularly given our own history . 
  the parties in denmark and norway are called progress party , and are not * progressive * parties .
