  swedish cafes and restaurants that actually does lunch . 
  so goddamn civilized . 
  many towns along the southern coasts of spain and portugal are tourist and expat ghettos . 
  that is not a surprise . 
  but people of the same nationality often cluster around `` their '' towns , so while visiting the algarve , i was struck how much it added to the `` flavour '' of each town , while still feeling distinctly portugese . 
  they 're undecided on slavery and/or indentured service , and leaning towards accepting trade in human organs ? 
  great . 
  nah , too provocative . 
  it 's time for the world to feel the armored fist of the hausk\u00e4tzchen . 
  your sad day would be 14 . 
  january , the date the treaty of kiel was signed . 
  denmark had already given norway away by 17 may . 
  it really , really was n't . 
   union * so * triggered right now . 
  surely he refers to the momentous event that happened on this date years ago . 
  the berlin wall will fall . 
  again . 
  ninth of november , never forget . 
  right back atcha , you big beautiful hockeystick-wielding bastards . 
  sweden - doomed denmark - a prison finland - not real norway - ... awesome ? 
  sounds incredible that germany would arrest a party leader . 
  any non-rt sources for this ? 
  some m113 variant , probably . 
  then again , there 's no guarantee that nato countries would even consider deescalation to be a realistic possibility in the face of a russian invasion of the baltics . 
  russian politicians will have to take into consideration that they wo n't be able to influence the outcome from that point forward . 
  and the russian political elite is nothing if not control freaks . 
  you could go even further , and say that keeping free travel and existing economic agreements with the other nordics was a major reason for norway to enter the eea in the first place . 
  goodnight , sweet prince . 
  i 'll never be able to eat kn\u00e4ckebr\u00f8d again . 
  my eyes will tear up thinking of you , and make it soggy . 
  it 's based on a drama written before russia went buck wild in ukraine , and relations between russia and the eu were a bit better than now . 
  still an unlikely premise back then , but that 's what they went with . 
  not yet . 
  but soon ... 
  and i would have gotten away with it too , if it was n't for those handsome , clever moralists . 
   when her `` russian mother 's '' organized a 12,000-people rally in moscow in 2013 , the woman told a story with her eyes filled with tears how people not only queued up to rape her four-year-old son , but also `` dressed him up in putin 's costume . '' welp , that 's a new one ... 
  old : [ hafrsfjord ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hafrsfjord ) , where king harald fairhair beat a coalition of smaller kings in 872 to unite norway into one realm . 
  modern : [ eidsvoll verk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eidsvoll_verk ) , where the norwegian constitution was written in 1814 . 
  see , people tend to think this is about social conventions , when it 's really a basic safety issue . 
  when people stand this close together , it takes just a little bit of ice underneath the snow to turn the whole scene into a human domino chain . 
  and then you have to make apologetic noise as you get up , without making eye contact . 
  fuck that . 
  between fighter pilots , perhaps . 
  it was n't uncommon for people on the ground to kill ejected air crews . 
  especially bomber crews . 
  sorry , we ca n't hear you over the construction noise from all the consulate building . 
  are you saying oscar alin and count douglas are long dead and buried ? 
  russia just feels like they have to come with a formal response . 
  `` surprised '' is a pretty mild term in diplomacy . 
  this is basically a non-reaction . 
  they are n't worried . 
  nor should they be . 
  it 's basically a reinforced company of marines deployed on a rotational basis . 
  trondheim is also far away from the russian border ( but close to j\u00e4mtland ... ), 
  dat girth . 
  there 's an idea . 
  go swimming with a friggin ' golden anchor around your neck . 
  i do n't wan na hear it , son you 're outta control !, 
  you think just because you got the experience , the rules and common decency do n't apply to you . 
  well , in this subreddit we do things by the book . 
  the . 
  book . 
  seriously ? 
  nato is not a part of the un security council or the un in general , because nato is not a nation state . 
  there 's plenty of cultural/comfort food in both west european and nordic countries . 
  i 'm pretty sure sweden started the torstensson war ( hannibal war ) . 
  you might be thinking of a later war . 
  or an earlier one . 
  plenty to choose from when it comes to denmark-sweden . 
  i know i wo n't be leaving here ( with you ) i know i wo n't be leaving here ( with you ) i know i wo n't be leaving here with you - franz ferdinand , `` take me out '', 
  yes and no . 
  part of the equation is that trees were planted for foresty industry in areas that were n't forrested before in the 50s-70s . 
  other than that , climate change may have pushed forests ino areas where they were n't before , but there seems to be little consensus on if this really is happening , and if so , the cause for it . 
  finally regrowth of the cultural landscape causes reforestation , and gets most of the attention in the media . 
  while many areas in europe may be deforested , norway has plenty of forests but is short on cultural landscape . 
  so regrowth causes more loss than gain in biodiversity . 
  good , good . 
  now , how do you say they terrk err jeerrrrbs in polish ? 
  okay . 
  that 's different . 
  long as they do n't decide reforestation here represents some kind of offset for cutting elsewhere . 
  our problem is n't deforestation . 
  our problem is that our forests are growing and taking over other biomes . 
  but what a clever way for our politicians to frame it . 
  full commitment to doing absolutely nothing . 
  not unique . 
  but it does stand out in its degree of suckiness . 
  the joys of military skiing . 
  you have the rifle in front of you , interfering with the movement of arms , legs and staves . 
  you have the backpack behind you , mounted at a high centre of gravity and inertia keeps it going in one direction if you try to change course at any speed . 
  and when you fall , it typically takes stupid amounts of energy to get back up unless you fall on relatively flat ground . 
  we let all those polish plumbers infiltrate our societies , and now there 's no escaping the polish shitstorm . 
  the scenes from hoth were actually filmed far to the south on the mainland . 
  i think you 're right . 
  there are several nsfl videos of different dead soldiers , including crowds kicking a dead soldier , and civilians with revolvers and submachineguns . 
  apparently liveleak is a disallowed domain to link to , so my first comment got removed . 
  sounds better than the war of the frog and the kraut , at least . 
  yes , but that trade relationship is going to be much more influenced by what kind of agreement the uk ends up getting with the eu than deals with countries outside of europe . 
  so the guy who has profiled himself on civil liberties , anti-surveillance and anti-torture is to be the sacrificial lamb ? 
   explaining the possible logic behind the surprise appointment , a tory mp told the bbc he would now `` work his charm with european leaders '' in brexit negotiations damn .
