  actually , one of the new classes [ looks like quite large ships ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/f125-class_frigate ), 
  oh , i 'm not saying there 's no way this will happen . 
  but i think that the parties will have to come up with a viable trade policy alternative first . 
  and i 'm not sure they have one . 
  i think this particular directive is too politically difficult for norway to accept , so this veto stands on it 's own , rather than necessarily being a part of a larger policy change . 
  i believe norway has a veto as a part of the eea treaty . 
  but to use it comes at some political cost for norway in brussels . 
  since eu and norwegian policy is n't * too * far apart , it 's usually better to let it slide . 
  conversely , norwegian goverments sometimes use the eea/eu treaty obligations as an excuse to implement unpopular policies ( the failed attempt to implement a data storage directive , for example ), 
  the main issue here is that the main helicopter type used in the north sea , the eurocopter ec225 have had two cases where the main rotor has separated from the fuselage midflight without warning . 
  [ one in scotland in 2009 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2009_bond_helicopters_eurocopter_as332_crash ) , and [ one in norway last year . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chc_helikopter_service_flight_241 ) the immediate cause has been identified as a split planetary gear in the main gearbox , but the reason the gear split has not yet been identified . 
  the type remains grounded in the uk and norway , and is essentialy dead in the water as a passenger transport due to a lack of trust . 
  it has , however been returned to airworthy status ( with some changes to mainenance requirements ) in the rest of the eu , as well as the us . 
  i think the fear here is that eu regulations could force the return of an aircraft norwegian authorities regards as unsafe , and that the decision to return the aircraft to service has been partially influenced by economy and politics . 
  i 'm not as sure as / u/thorbee that this signals any real change in policy towards the eea , though . 
  not really , if you consider that the frp is trying to appeal to christian conservatives with this . 
  church services is obviously pro-cristian , and anti-circumsition is anti other religion . 
  of course , christian conservatives , and the frp are generally pretty pro-israel , so it 's a little inconsistent in that regard . 
  i 'm no fan of snow myself , but it beats ice with water on top . 
  my understanding was that if the parliament decides to vote on treaties , no one can stop them , but that treaties are n't automatically laid before the parliament for ratification . 
  i might be way off , though . 
  let 's hope you 're right . 
  do we know if this treaty will be up for a vote in the parliament , thought ? 
  immediately ban yourself for racism , rosbif !, 
  what did i say about sweden that was against reddiquette ? 
  i skimmed trough what i wrote , and i ca n't see it . 
  quote it to me . 
  you wrote `` fuck you '' . 
  the peace prize committee has * never * followed the literal interpretation of nobel 's will , but it is only the last couple of years this has been an issue . 
  so the question is why now ? 
  if l\u00e4nsstyrelsen wanted to make an issue over it , they could have made it already the first time it was awarded to the founder of red cross . 
  von ossitzky , borlaug , dailai lama , tutu , menchu , madela/de klerk , belo/ramos-horta , hume/trimble , all the organizations who ever got the prize . 
  none of these were directly related to fraternity between nations , for the abolition or reduction of standing armies and for the holding and promotion of peace congresses . 
  but there were no complaints from the nobel foundation or those who adminstered the will of nobel back then . 
  so there is a precedent . 
  that is what i mean by spirit of the will . 
  so l\u00e4nsstyrelsen will have to argue convincinly in court that the way the will is not being followed to the letter now is different from the way the will is not being followed to the letter in the past . 
  the argument that the peace prize comitte has completely disregarded nobels will would be hard to prove , and in any case , it was explicitly stated in nobels will that selection of laureates would be selected by a independent committee selected by the norwegian parliament , so l\u00e4nsstyrelsen have no legal mandate to control the selection of laureates directly , nor institute a different selection process for the committee members . 
   i do n't claim anything you claim many things . 
  i claim many things too . 
  to claim otherwise is silly . 
   are you claiming that the norweigan peace prize committee are following the testament ? 
  yes or no ? 
  yes , at least in spirit . 
  the l\u00e4nsstyrelsen part : i 'm sure you 're right with regards to the will . 
  a nitpick : nobel died in italy.that changes nothing legally , of course . 
  but the lawyers and courts ca n't legally prevent the peace price commitee from handing out the peace price . 
  what the courts can decide , is if the name of alfred nobel will still be associated with the peace price . 
  if they decide to disassociate the name from the price , he consequences are likely to be quite a clusterfuck and would indeed turn the whole thing into a particularly nasty swedish/norwegian thing . 
   so far your arguments has been that the nobel committee had looked at it and it was wrong , even though the nobel committee does n't decide i have no idea what you 're trying to say here , you must have over-edited this part . 
   if you had bothered to read , i also wrote that it was probably not very likely that it would be removed . 
  agreed . 
  i doubt anything will actually happen , it 's just the usual talk . 
   get you facts right . 
  sweden is not in the position of removing the prize from the peace prize committee , l\u00e4nsstyrelsen is , if it is taken to court . 
  yet it is only in sweden and the swedish press that people are arguing that the peace prize should be handed out elsewhere . 
  i 'm not trying to turn this into a pissing contest . 
  i 'm saying that behind all this talk of nobel 's will , it 's already a pissing contest in fancy clothes , which will progressively turn more nasty if the case develops further . 
   the fact is , you are refusing to accept that the committee is not following the will , or even the spirit of it that 's right , just as it is a fact that you refuse to accept that the committee has followed the will , or at least the spirit of it . 
  or to put it differently , we disagree . 
  since it is unlikely that either of us will change our minds , and you seem to have reached the end of your reddiqette , i think it would be best if we end it here . 
  well , this is interesting . 
  seems it 's pretty clear who 's the swede and who 's the norwegian in this argument . 
  in the event of a split , you argue the swedish prize would be the original flavour , because it retains the name `` nobel '' , and by that virtue retains the tradition of the original npp , with the norwegian prize as a contender . 
  to me , the norwegian prize would be the original flavour , because the peace prize comittee , because it retains the base of the traditions and history of the original npp , while the swedish prize would be the contender because it would own the name `` nobel '' , but not the history of the peace prize . 
  you claim that norwegians ca n't handle the peace prize , i claim norwegians have handled it , and for the most part handled it well for it 's entire existence . 
  you say that it has n't been handed out according to the letter of the will , yet claim that letting someone else hand it out does n't compromise the will . 
  i claim that it has been handed out in the spirit of the will , and that the argument that the will must be followed to the letter is merely sophistery to conceal that the real issue here is that swedes wants to unsurp the right to hand out the prize . 
  for no better argument than because sweden . 
  tell you what , when swedes start to argue seriously for letting switzerland hand out the npp , i 'll start taking them seriously . 
  i think that the problem with the people on the lists you linked to is that while som of them might be * worthy * to recieve the peace prize , they would not actually be eligible to recieve it if we are to take nobel 's will literally . 
  in fact , many people like that have already won the peace prize , it 's just that no one remember them . 
   on the top of my head , i can name at least five organisations/people , not a problem at all . 
  why not go ahead and name them , then ? 
  if the prize was renamed , and stripped of all references to alfred nobel , it would n't breach any trademarks . 
  and who would hand it out , if not norway ? 
  sweden ? 
  why would that be better , and would n't that be in direct contradiction to nobel 's will as well ? 
  finally , do you really think the peace prize would be better , just because it was less controversial ? 
  there are literally hundreds of peace prizes out there that no-one 's ever heard about . 
  but what would happen if they did decide to revoke the right for the peace prize comittee to hand out the peace prize in the name of alfred nobel ? 
  the fundamental issue that the part of nobel 's testament that concerns the peace prize is so anachronistic that it is difficult to follow in any meaningful way remains . 
  the only realistic solution would be to disband the nobel peace prize . 
  in which case the peace prize comittee would probably continue to hand it out , but with a more updated mandate , and without any reference to nobel . 
  actually , come to think of it , that 's not such a bad idea , 
  nothing new there . 
  the nobel foundation examined the peace prize commitee last year , and rejected the critics as late as march this year . 
  nobel 's testament is set to a very narrow 19th century european world view that would be very difficult to follow today if one was to adhere to a fundamentalist interpretation of it . 
  in fact , none of the most celebrated recipients , like von ossietzky , mandela/de klerk or suu kyi would qualify . 
  nor would gandhi , should he had gotten the prize . 
  interestingly , obama would still qualify , since his work on a nuclear reduction treaty was part of the official reasons for giving it to him . 
  that did n't make him a better choice imo . 
  do n't forget that the coal and steel union had a political side as well . 
  well , he 's good , but no thor heyerdahl or petter solberg . 
  maybe it was supposed to be drunk dutch ? 
  the headline of this post makes very little sense . 
  pfff , that was the danish , and we killed charles the xii some years later . 
  that was the general rule at the time , and it was also true for the swedish armies in germany at the end of the 30 years war . 
  actually , they started the war with what was arguably the first modern national army in europe , based on compulsory service ( because they could n't afford to hire a mercenary army ),
