  they are a mix of libertarianism and conservative/rightwing populism, 
  maybe , but they 'll both benefit from the media exposure on the expense of labour and conservatives . 
  i 'm not saying that they 're not going to act , i 'm saying it will be bad if they do n't, 
  unlikely , especially if nato countries wo n't respond to polish and baltic requests for reinforcements under article 4 . 
  better this way . 
  they can all take cover under the flag if it starts to rain . 
  whatever happens in ukraine , i think this is the likely outcome on the european level , as well as a signifincant increase in defence spending . 
  i do n't think it can be understood in completely rational terms . 
  compare it to the prevailing mood in the us before going into iraq . 
  almost everone else warned them of the likely outcome , but they went ahead anyway , sealed in an echo chamber of their own nationalistic media . 
  and the scary part was that the decision makers seemed even more caught up in their delusions than the population in general . 
  of course , the us has never tried to annex any part of iraq , so this is at least one step further on the scale of warmongering . 
  falling from high places is n't a problem before you hit the ground . 
  so did germany . 
  luckily for them , they were able to secure all of chechoslovakia 's military equipment intact , plus some of the most modern arms factories in europe . 
  you think it 's a good thing that a regional power in europe can use military force for territorial expansion without being challenged ? 
  and why would a russian war in ukraine cause less collateral damage than the us war in iraq ? 
  you could argue that a thing like this keeps the monument fresh in people 's conciousness . 
  i can see why the russians , from their perspective objected to the pink-painted one . 
  and i guess they objected less to the marvel ( or is it dc ? ), 
  heroes theme . 
  the ukrainian-painted version is interesting . 
  the russians can criticise it , but in doing so they could be seen as implying that the ukrainians had no part and made no sacrifices in ww2/great patriotic war . 
  it 's kind of a symbolic minefiield they 're walking into here . 
  and yet , it 's a fairly common tactic for security forces to shoot to wound , and then pick off the medics as they try to move the wounded . 
  camera men are also frequently targeted . 
   and although these are the happiest post-soviet republics , according to the happy planet index , not one has held a genuinely free or fair election since 1990 this is why we should n't always trust the metrics, 
  the logic is probably that unlike regular weapons , molotovs ca n't be readily traced back to the kiev militia . 
  as long as they are n't caught in the act by a photographer , of course . 
  i think people like carl linnaeus , the nobel brothers , and gustaf de laval should have a place there as well . 
  what about people like king canute , queen margaret , s\u00f8ren kierkegaard , and niels bohr ? 
  what 's a dev ? 
  yep , the polar explorers pretty much top the list . 
  also , ski pioneer sondre nordheim , and a lot of winter sport athletes . 
  apart from that : * henrik ibsen , dramatist * edvard grieg , composer * edvard munch , painter * kristian birkeland , scientist * harald fair-hair , historic king , unifier of norway, 
  unemployment is actually on the rise . 
  that 's pretty far from extremism , and miles away from being militant . 
  that 's just mildly annoying atheists . 
  thats how they get you . 
  soon you will be posting comments there yourself . 
  he 's the head of the intelligence committee in congress , and he 's the head of the delegation of us house members visiting the eu right now . 
  he 's actually * the * representative of the us in this . 
  other views may exsist of course , but if so , they have n't been made public yet . 
  maybe it 's supposed to be harry potter ? 
  some people seem to lose their shit over the `` witchcraft promotion '' in that series . 
  get with the times , son . 
  [ armageddon is so 1918 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tel_megiddo#history ) . 
  my sentiment as well . 
  the parliament is elected by popular vote , and has actually taken citizens rights seriously a couple of times . 
  political fatigue with the ruling coalition has been the deciding factor , economy and ideology has played almost no part . 
  to be fair , progress party is slightly weakened compared to centre-right , and the two other prospective members of a new coalition , liberals and cristian people 's party . 
  the last two are fairly critical of progress party , so some heavy wrangling is likely to follow . 
  a minority goverment is a possibility . 
  22 july has not been a subject at all , it 's just something foreign newspapers bring in to give some perspective , since norwegian politics would be of little interest to their readers otherwise . 
  pity i filled up on the full freedom beforehand, 
  right here, 
  margrete munthe var original gangsta, 
  where 's that from ? 
  literally treason ? 
  many people who get asylum are either suspected or convicted of treason . 
  yours is a very official american perspective , one that not all your countrymen would share . 
  if you view the responses here as naive , you probably see the people who wrote them as idealists , with little understanding for the potential conseques of granting mr. snowden asylum , as opposed to realists politicians that make cynical or even cowardly , but ultimately safe choices . 
  but many european countries , especially the smaller ones , have discovered that not standing up for themselves against bigger countries carries different , but ultimately bigger risks . 
  the explanation is that it 's just natural variation , and has nothing to do with any doomsday device . 
  also , murmansk is in russia . 
  it 's probably their doomsday device . 
  if it was a doomsday device . 
  which it is n't . 
   published : june 2013 what sorcery is this ? 
  thanks !, 
  constitution , wooh !, 
  glad to see he 's in favour of greek/german reconciliation , but perhaps there is such a thing as too much reconciliation ? 
  sounds like a great name for a spaceship . 
  have there been any programs to deal with ptsd following the wars in the 90s in serbia ( or any of the other involved parties for that matter ) ? 
  wants the uk out of europe ? 
  proof if proof were needed that nigel farage is nothing more than a sleeper agent for the kaiser . 
  in the future , there 's only bunga-bunga, 
  i wonder what this guy 's per-hour efficiency is like , given what his salary is likely to be . 
  plus bonuses of course . 
  yeah , but 1648 was the year the [ siege of candia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_candia ) began . 
  `` if you are not with us , you are against us '', 
  that 's so adorably creepy . 
  frp was talking about immigration . 
  apparently they thought it would be a winning issue for them in local elections what they should have been talking about was local issues . 
  corbyn 's foreign policy outlook does seem a little off , to be honest . 
  on the other hand , a ruling party referring to the head of the opposition as a threat to national security makes my skin crawl . 
  first enjoy the summer , then go to war . 
  it 's the traditional european way of doing things . 
  a big military project troubled and delayed ? 
  say it ai n't so . 
  at any rate , it will certainly probably still be within budget when or if it is ready for production . 
  and so a long , rich live comes to an end . 
  rip dracula , count dooku and saruman the white , among others . 
  til . 
  that 's pretty interesting , actually . 
  the amount of dogshit on the pavement in some areas of berlin . 
  some places were virtual minefields . 
  the ground in the southern parts of england has a different smell . 
  not bad , but so different you notice it just by being outside . 
  maybe something to do with the chalkiness of the soil ?
