i always get the feeling all cities look much nicer in 1930s black and white for some reason . 
  do n't even compare ... 
  wether or not russia cares about any individual country is irrelevant . 
  portugal is part of nato , and that 's what matters . 
  i know there are about 5000 or so with portuguese citizenship living there but of course , its relatively insignificant in comparison to macau 's population of half a million . 
  i 'd say for us the cold war was pretty hot , with the colonial war from the 60s till 74 . 
  military service was mandatory , and some of my parents friends were conscripted and sent to the colonies . 
  either that or escape from the country , which itself was a risk . 
  worst place you could end up in was guinea-bissau , basically the vietnam of west aftica . 
  eh , if they made portuguese the official mandatory language of macau i 'd say we 're square . 
   the coca is our boogeyman . 
  he has a giant pumpkin shaped head and scares small children . 
  he 's the same as the famous `` el cuco '' and the basis for jack o ' lantern and probably the boogey man also . 
  alternatively called coco . 
  also the origin for the coconut 's name . 
  sardine on a bun . 
  why yes , i 'm being serious . 
  as we are witnessing , any amount of authonomy apparently does n't guarantee anything . 
  i have a question : even if i wrote down that i 'm an atheist not to pay taxes , what exactly would stop me from simply walking to the church every sunday ? 
  is there a guard on the door waiting to check everyone 's papers or something ? 
  what i do n't get is why would you bother to specifically say you 're a `` muslim '' if you 're not religious ... 
  no , i meant an actual manner of gallaecian or gallaic that 's not galician . 
  though it was only spoken till around the 1500s if i 'm not mistaken . 
  tabloids will be tabloids . 
  but i think this is actually amusing ... 
  remember that time they launched a fake petition saying they would join * us * just to piss off the spaniards ? 
  actually , the galicians do have their own ( edit : * celtic * ) language . 
  it just happens to be , well , a bit dead , though you could say that 's just another thing they have in common . 
  that 's interesting , the same happened in portugal . 
  perhaps it has to do with organized crime moving somewhere else ? 
  ... a portuguese poster agreeing that dubs do n't sell because we do n't like it . 
  nothing he said is wrong though . 
  they may be volunteers fighting against putin , but they are n't much better in this particular case . 
  right now the scots separating from the uk might actually be a better step in that direction , is what i 'm thinking . 
  `` austerity '' is nothing more than a `` delaying tactic '' to stop the state from completely running dry of money before the economy starts growing again . 
  there 's nothing about it to `` work '' in causing growth in any sense . 
  well this escalated quickly ... 
  the point is that most people associate the mona lisa with france immediatly , even if the background was historically supposed to be in italy , that 's details . 
  this i do n't mind . 
  oh for fucks sake , finisterre comes from the roman designation in latin !, 
  that 's what the romans called it if i 'm not mistaken . 
  besides , `` the end of the earth '' is one badass name in my opinion . 
  there is this neat story here about an old dude who until some years ago was still using [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-nxw_mpuq7ey/ubzflg4bxyi/aaaaaaaao6c/gqvsefz2hfu/s400/velho+t%c3%a1xi.jpg ) as his taxi , heheh, 
  most likely it 's because mercedes are very durable . 
  maybe we should stop calling russia european or asian . 
  russia is ... russia . 
  are we really that scary ? 
  ac is for hippies . 
  that have a job . 
  oh please , who needs your hippie dragon when you can have a heat stroke if you do n't build a proper house ? 
  it does n't matter . 
  lime is the superior insulator , did n't the moors teach you that ? 
  not really , though it is a rather well off town . 
  is there a reason why every single spanish house in the south have bars on their windows ? 
  that has got to be outdated . 
  as of the recent crisis , any support for this kind of ideas has seemingly withered . 
   i also said that there has been an exodus of the portuguese population of oliven\u00e7a so whoever you 're asking now is n't the original portuguese native population . 
  precisely why i say it 's pointless to point fingers and rush claims when the very populace has n't much care for the subject . 
  you got bombarded by some angry spaniards there , khton . 
  canaries were ceded to spain by treaty , though . 
  incidentaly , why stop at macaronesia ? 
  so would be portuguese newfoundland and motherfuckin greenland !, 
  hehehe . 
  ceuta was recognized as spanish * by the king * in 1668 after the restoration war between portugal and spain , after portugal declared independence from spain . 
  it would be the congress of vienna that declared that oliven\u00e7a ought to be returned to portugal , in 1815 . 
  ceuta would serve us no purpose * at all * other than creating expenses that we certainly do n't need . 
  furthermore , a newspaper a while back published an article that asked for the opinion of oliventinos regarding the issue , and most were either indifferent or had no knowledge of the situation in portugal and how changing hands would affect them . 
  just to be sure , i * am * of the opinion that oliven\u00e7a should be returned , just not hastly and certainly not before the actual population of the place is properly informed and acceptant . 
  the reason why ceuta turned to spain was because at the time of portugal 's secession from the union in 1640 , it was the only territory with a majorly spanish population , so the governor at the time chose to stay with them instead . 
  to be honest i think it 's unreasonable to compromise relations with spain by rushing cries for oliven\u00e7a when the oliventinos themselves do n't even care much/have no idea , and now ceuta as well ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  it 's said to have been a contributing factor against the monarchy at the time , but certainly not the only one , i assure you . 
  a more rational approach to it would be the low population density of that area , but i assume you think more reasonable answers are boring , no ? 
  last week 's been raining after hitting the 30s here in the capital . 
  friggin summer ca n't make up it 's mind again . 
  revolutions and sudden changes are what scare people . 
  what is happening right now in the eurozone is merely natural attrition , that requires methodical adjustment and well planned reforms to be dealt with . 
  the way i see it , we do it slowly , or we do it `` swiftly with one blow '' as a desperate measure for desperate times . 
  because there 's already a `` united states '' everyone knows of . 
  if you think there are organized beggar rings , they are supposed to be investigated by the police and social security , not simply pass a `` ban on begging '' which there 's no way to actually enforce . 
  and for the record , bans on begging have always been the kind of concept fostered by no less than every single fucking dictatorship that has ocurred . 
  how convenient . 
  i want to take part in this discussion . 
  [ because your entire country failed to take a single fortress . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_diu ), 
  that 's the main problem if the king turns out to be an ass-hat . 
  yeah , well , unfortunately that problem regards any politician and president , not just kings . 
  abolishing the monarchy now of all times will only create more ressentment and problems without any clear gains . 
  speaking of sending messages , i say let us wait and see how phillip does instead , now that juan carlos has abdicated already . 
   our king was a total incompetent that denied democracy and spent money on himself while the empire went to shit not that i 'm a fervorous monarchist but for the sake of truth , the last two kings were n't exactly the boogeymen they make of them nowadays , and being a constitutional monarchy meant the king had in reality very few powers to oppose the parliament , which was elected . 
  infact , come to think about it , if the spanish king does get kicked out , it 'll be exactly the same thing as it happened in portugal 100 years ago : the king is murdered/evicted by popular pressure who thought he was the source of all that was evil , and proclaiming a republic would solve all their problems . 
  sure enough , it did n't and in some cases the situation even worsened . 
  the king is nothing more than a symbol . 
  it matters little if he stays or goes , infact , it 's perhaps much easier to evict a king than to fight well entrenched corruption . 
  it has been answered alsewhere , but it 's not that they should , it 's that we can mostly understand what they say while the opposite does n't seem to happen . 
  funny movie . 
  definitely recommend it . 
  got it . 
  i 've heard rumours about galicia attempting to enter or at least approach the cplp , which sounds all nice and dandy , but in all seriousness , i think galicia and all other spanish regions for that matter would have more to gain in a serious spanish federation that granted meaningful autonomy instead of strictly independent in my opinion . 
  so tell me , by the way ...
