  the last thing that i could think about in the short time : laws . 
  many people from the lower `` category '' such as farmers had to give up their business , because of the eu . 
  food gets imported from some other countries cheaper , but with a worse quality . 
  farmers that have survived , have to pay big money for offending eu `` farmer '' rules , that were made by the eu . 
  only if the person who farted is not russian . 
  wo n't happen ;-(, 
  nope , have n't found the full document without the watermarks , yet . 
  i mean it was long clear that most of english people are racists , so why is this sth . 
  unexpected for some ? 
  i 'm very proud of that !, 
  i remember from stories that there was obviously a time after war , where everyone in poland had a gun ( at least my great-grandfather told me about that . 
  many people got a letter , to give the gun to the `` state '' and that 's why many people did , including many people from my close family . 
  and it 's nice to see that this does n't mean that we have a higher number of crime 's , unlike many people in the usa say :d though it really depends on the region , if you live in some regions of germany , belgium or france where the police is `` afraid '' of entering , because of radicalism , a gun might be a good tool :p, 
  countries always spend money on the type of army they need the most . 
  that 's why we had and probably still have the biggest amount of tanks ( germany and russia ... ) while countries like usa need jets , because it 's unlikely they have quite a bit of water between them and other states :d, 
  tell me that in my face little cunt , not on the big internet :d fat usa gay is trying to make a joke haha, 
  czech ... xdd, 
  ok , we can continue then . 
  i have no problem with that hahahaha, 
  so stop talking . 
  again , it 's the internet : you do not have to react to every comment here . 
  if you do n't like it , ignore ( and downvote , welcome to reddit ) it . 
  simple as that . 
  i know life is hard , right ? 
  to not being able , to talk about your food - . -, 
  it 's the internet , what do you expect ? 
  people have to accept such `` memes '' , same as i have to accept `` poland can not into space '' - memes while it does n't even make sense ;-), 
  500 years later : sweden evolved to swedistan !, 
  great history xd, 
  who cares about that contest anyway ? 
  :d these points were given by `` jury '' , but somehow it ends like always : russia gives ukraine 0 points , balkan countries give each other the points etc. 
  :p europe is n't save anymore , so all countries decided to invite australia to esc and then move the esc for next year there xd, 
  yeah , when fighting vs russia and germany at once ? 
  i remember you idiot !, 
  what is not true ? 
  that german killed jews ? 
  no , i do n't mean `` in poland '' i mean simply everywhere , except maybe some muslim countries where a man can `` buy '' himself 4-5 wives ... 
  even though there are more women than men , it 's harder for men to find a partner . 
  we are building so many skyscrapes , why is this side making an article about that ? 
  these numbers are such bs . 
  it 's again western propaganda :  electing not the president they like = bad/no democracy . 
  best protection in whole europe . 
  sadly you do n't deserve us , take muslims instead . 
  maybe they will try to fix your mental problems by cutting of your head xd, 
  i know , american try often , but they are total garbage most of the time . 
  another dumb american comment on r/europe . 
  germany always have problems . 
  2 % too much for ya ? 
  looks like the colors of ukraine though xd, 
   there is no eu state or eu foreign policy or an eu army not yet . 
  that 's the point mr. smartass . 
  either you did n't read my comment or you do n't understand it ... * brexit * `` eu nukes '' not `` x country and y country from the eu have nukes '', 
   you have a very low view of france then . 
  well , history has taught us/me that you ca n't count on single allies/friendly countries . 
  never ever ;-), 
  * internet espacially * reddit , youtube , twitter you can find many uneducated stupid people that do n't know shit and will still repost/upvote/like something , because they believe it instantly , without using their own brain !, 
  that 's normal and happens every day ... 
   france has 300 nukes . 
  yes single nations have nukes , but not the eu as a wholed . 
  will france use his nukes when another eu country will `` get nuked '' ? 
  i do n't think so ;-), 
  you can think of him what you like , but he is right in this matter !, 
  russia has ton of nuclear weapons , the usa too have some , uk ( that is leaving the eu ) also has nuclear weapons . 
  now we are the eu , in the centre of all the states with 0 nuclear weapons that really belong to `` the eu '' . 
  unexpected . 
  that only exist in poland , right ? 
   and us polish people were refugees during ww2 ... yeah that 's what i heard before but 1 . ), 
  we are no muslims . 
  when did you hear about polish refugees in the us or europe that made a terrorist attack ? 
  there are around 10 mil . 
  people in the us with polish roots . 
  polish people at ww1/2 were real refugees , escaping from war !, 
  there were 100 stories already , where syrians were in greece , lituhania , serbia and they moved on to germany , because of the money !, 
  europe is save , besides ukraine . 
  if these people were refugees , they could stay in any safe country , right ? 
  just western propaganda :d schulz is an ass who said we should take refugees that germany/merkel invited , back then as he was working as the president of the eu parliament . 
  nice essay you wrote there ben !, 
   but for poland nope . 
   but for poland well mr. 
  obvious , welcome . 
  i think that 's like saying the most important things for british people in the us is , that trump does n't start to ban all of them ? 
   the eu needs the uk more than the uk needs the eu . 
  did n't laugh that much for quite some time . 
  true , we might need to trade with other countries now , re-make some contracts etc. 
  but in the end the eu should n't have a big problem dealing with it . 
  on the other side the uk ... oh boy , we will see how deep it will sink :d, 
  funny how germany cares about us more than about their own country . 
  just reminded me again about silvester 2015 in cologne xdd, 
  i do n't care much about romania to be honest . 
   please do n't yell at me ... a random nut from the internet wo n't tell me what to do !, 
   he 's stronger than szydlo source ? 
  evidence ? 
  anything ? 
  your statement seems like the average german media work , from bild and co. 
  that 's the point . 
  even gauck has more to say , because he is in an official position ... 
  yeah he is `` de-facto leader '' as gauck is in germany . 
  like the top comment said he has really no government position !, 
  sure , he can influence the president or our premier , but who ca n't ? 
  who ?
