they 're also in nato . 
  portugal is also the uk 's oldest ally . 
  they were intentionally kept out of wwii to prevent franco 's spain from entering . 
  both countries would clearly join in any war against russia . 
  nothing raises support for the current government than a bogeyman and a war . 
  i 'd expect nationalist support to drop away in the face of russian aggression . 
  apart from the eu border now touching russia , and the political fall out of part the union falling to russia , eastern europe has been considered a buffer zone between germany and russia . 
  waffles and beer for all the troops . 
  the uk would stand with france and germany against russian aggression . 
  there been plenty of discussion in private and the media about a potential war with russia in the next few years . 
  italy and spain are both fairly large military powers in the region and greece has a large reserve force . 
  the dark horse would be turkey . 
  i 'm not convinced that they 'd side with europe and that 'd be bad if they entered in the russian side . 
  as for the us , we 'd hope they remained isolationist . 
  having said that , i ca n't even envision congress allowing trump to support russia against europe . 
  it 's entirely possible the supreme court could ask the ecj for a ruling on a point of eu law . 
  in particular , the question about whether article 50 notification could be revoked would be within their remit . 
  this would n't be a ecthr issue . 
  not really . 
  they only have two years to delay a bill . 
  there 's not enough time to delay to the next scheduled general election . 
  there could be an unscheduled election though . 
  promised mutually exclusive policies . 
  they 've had a seat since 9 october 2014 . 
  six months apart . 
  and with a significantly reduced majority in the second election . 
  there 's also a spanish enclave in france called ll\u00edvia . 
  from what i understand , that 's not quite the same as the france/brazil border , because neither saint martin nor sint marteen are integral parts of their respective countries . 
  it certainly was part of it for a few years in the 19th century . 
  not raising children , that 's for sure . 
  but what 's keeping them from changing the rules now ? 
  ireland was in a personal union for around the same time as scotland was , so at least the early 1600s . 
  i 'm not too sure exact dates , but it 's that kind of time frame . 
  king james i/vi was the first king to be king of all three realms . 
  ireland joined great britain in 1801 ( and we stopped claiming france at the same time ) . 
  they left in 1922 . 
   every part of the uk has been part of it since before america was a country , apart from ni , which only joined in 1801 . 
  is n't one of them from dc ? 
  so that would be awkward . 
  because scotland , wales and ni football associations fear that if they sent a team gb football team their position in fifa would be at risk , even though fifa promised them that it would n't . 
  they 're considering it for 2020 . https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2016/aug/21/olympics-british-football-team-gb-tokyo-2020 but the reason we have separate football and rugby teams is because we have separate relevant sporting bodies , which is mostly a matter of historical accident . 
  yeah i do n't think it would be linearly proportional to population . 
  but i do think more population means more chances of medals . 
  but they 'd , in theory , send their two best competitors . 
  so you 'd lose a bronze where all three winners were from the eu . 
  there is the possibility of a non-favourite competitor winning , which would reduce the medal total , and much harder to account for . 
  even with that , you 'd see that the eu would win more medals than the uk alone , showing that a higher population means more chances of winning medals . 
  look at this way : how many medals would california win if it was competing separately from the rest of the us ? 
  how many would the eu have if it competed as a bloc ? 
  right now , i think france would probably agree . 
  let us deal with the problem . 
  given the increased globalisation thanks to the internet and faster and cheaper forms of transport , regional unions , like the eu , au and unasur are going to become more important . 
  i feel our vote result was a step in the wrong direction . 
  we 're going to become more and more isolated , rather than being at the front , leading a powerful union . 
  we gave up that pretence in 1800 . 
  it 's also important to educate yourself about the shitty things your government has done in your name . 
  blind patriotism is not a good thing . 
  now now , farage never promised the hospital . 
  heseltine was suggesting that farage boris gove were leading the exit negotiations , so that they could n't blame anyone else , and everyone would blame them . 
  and he was rightfully laughed at for it . 
  i 'm british and you can sure as hell believe that i 'm really pissed off at my country right now . 
  yes , but apparently this does n't apply in this case . 
  jo cox was murdered by a far right activist . 
  there 's been a significant rise in racist attacks in the uk since the leave vote . 
  do n't forget that eea will mean schengen . 
  zero control of our borders . 
  i 'm really hoping that the next three months are constantly full of more and more bad news so that when we 're forced to have a new general election , everyone goes `` fuck , this was a bad plan ; let 's stay '' . 
  hopefully three months is enough for people to get an idea of the picture outside the eu without having a significant medium and long term impact on the uk economy . 
  the only people i wish ill on are farage , boris and gove , and the very few little racist shits that have been emboldened by all this . 
  either way , manufacturing jobs are n't coming back . 
  we have high end manufacturing , and design products produced elsewhere . 
  that 's why we have aston martin and things like [ nissan 's development centre ] ( http://careersatnissan.co.uk/ntce-cranfield/ ) in the uk , but more and more car factories are closing . 
  anyone claiming there 'll be large scale manufacturing jobs in the uk ( or us ) is trying to sell you something . 
  usually their political careers . 
  you 'd approve of being in the eea ? 
  would that be an improvement in your books ? 
  how do they expect to sell non-compliant products in the rest of the eu ? 
  oh , yeah , spanish politics is its own craziness . 
  interior minister colluding with anti-fraud investigators to investigate and smear pro-independence politicians . 
  and yet pp still increased its share of the vote . 
  there was an interesting proposal , which has a very low probablity of happening , involving scotland and ni becoming a more federal state of the uk , and those parts remaining in both the eu and uk . 
  it would probably open the door for london to join them . 
  no idea how things like borders would work , but it could solve many problems , like london remaining access to the single market , keeping remain voters in those regions happy and prevent the breakup of the uk . 
  article 50 says  any member state may decide to withdraw from the union in accordance with its own constitutional requirements . 
  uk parliament is sovereign . 
  the only people who can decide to leave the eu is parliament . 
  the eu ca n't sanction the uk for following its own constitutional requirements . 
  i 've been outside the uk for the last three years . 
  i found myself becoming more patriotic about my country . 
  yes it 's done shitty inexcusable things now and in the past , but it has a huge cultural influence around the world ; far beyond it has any right to . 
  but this last weekend , i do n't feel like i know the place . 
  racists have been enboldened by all the anti-immigration rhetoric . 
  the tories have successfully managed to get other people take the blame for their huge cuts to services and public spending . 
  and now our economy is fucked and will continue to be fucked . 
  and labour at too busy imploding to be any sort of competent or effective opposition . 
  i 'm sad and angry and feel i do n't have a country any more . 
  which would be fine if the uk was flooded with unemployed doctors and nurses , but it 's not . 
  the uk government has not invested in medical training , and have only made the situation worse recently , by removing funding for some of the university courses required . 
  we just do n't train enough doctors in the uk . 
  because you definitely ca n't reform the eu from outside it .
