  yes , the uk government needs to change , but so does the eu . 
  both have reformed and will continue to reform . 
  better to be in a position to shape it . 
  immigrants or britain first . 
  i 'm assuming the latter , but this is reddit , so you never know . 
  you want the best stats . 
  ons has the best stats . 
  and the biggest ~ ~ penises ~ ~ hands . 
  again , i 'm assuming rhetoric , but : 4.8 % https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/culturalidentity/religion/articles/religioninenglandandwales2011/2012-12-11  tower hamlets had the highest proportion of muslims at 34.5 per cent, 
  why not ? 
  britain first have been doing that to immigrants for the last five years . 
  i was a little surprised he did n't go with the freeman of the land approach . 
  which is a direct reflection of the better 's opinion . 
  they 're not going to put money on a result they do n't think it 's going to happen , and the more certain they are the more they will bet, 
  there 's an interesting consistent gap between polling conducted online and those over the phone , with the latter higher for remain . 
  i think friday is going to be a surprise for many , either way . 
  neither are online polls . 
  they got the scottish independence vote very wrong , and the 2015 election . 
  parole means we get to make a decision as to whether they 're safe to release . 
  does n't mean they will be released . 
  which is just as it should be . 
  britain first 's facebook page is full of comments saying they should n't be judged by his actions . 
  without a hint of irony . 
  i realise you 're being rhetorical , but for anyone else actually wondering , this is england , so odds are that they 're either non-religious or non practising christian . 
  even if they had mental health issues , he does n't exist in a vacuum . 
  the polls are saying leave . 
  the betting markets are saying remain . 
  sadly there 's no legal requirement to be truthful in uk referendums . 
  loners do n't exist in a bubble . 
  he was involved in right wing groups in the uk and given the rhetoric in the media and campaigns it 's sadly not surprising that things got violent . 
  britain first are also saying that they should n't be judged due to the actions of one member . 
  oh the irony . 
  15-20 + years to reflect on what you did ? 
  that 's not something i 'd like to do . 
  the betting market has been fairly consistent on its odds of a remain vote winning , with a 60-70 % chance . 
  so while the opinion polls are suggesting a leave win , they 've not been the most accurate over the last few years cf scottish independence and the general election . 
  basically , i do n't think this will change the result , but it might change the margin of the win . 
  ireland has the advantages of very low corporation tax rates . 
  even lower than the 17 % we 'll have by 2020 . 
  and they 'll need the economic boost to counter the loss of trade with the uk, 
  a literal step back ( for them ) as far as immigration goes . 
  no visa policy , no border controls and still have freedom of movement, 
  that # 350m a week claim will become true . 
  as someone pointed out , it 's often the eurosceptics that do n't want more democracy in the eu , because it would a ) give more legitimacy to the institution and b ) implies more power . 
  but the eu has become more democratic , with the parliament getting more and more powerful compared to the council . 
  like they asserted their right to confirm jean-claude juncker . 
  parliament also has the power ( which it has used ) to force commissioners to resign . 
  and they 're going to be shocked when they discover that nothing changes . 
  but you do n't have to be an eu member to be a party to it . 
  russia is a signatory , for example . 
  leaving the eu would n't mean we could leave the echr . 
  we 'd have to leave the council of europe to do that . 
  in fact i think there 's only belarus that is n't a signatory . 
  we 'll continue to have freedom of movement because that 'll be a condition of access to the single market . 
  we 'll still have to pay fees to access it and we 'll still have to implement eu regulations . 
  everything leave is arguing for will not change if we want to continue access to our biggest trading partners . 
  the only difference is that we wo n't have any influence on the decisions any more . 
  and if we try to reenter the eu because we 've seen how bad it is , we wo n't be allowed to keep our existing vetoes and exceptions . 
  `` fuck you , eu ; we hate your stupid club . 
  ^ btw , ^ can ^ we ^ still ^ have ^ our ^ trade ^ agreement ? 
  i 'd argue that the eu is more democratic than the uk . 
  the parliament is directly elected by a pr system ( at least in the uk ) . 
  the council is made up of ministers from the nationally elected governments . 
  the least democratic section is the commission , which has a nominated president and they 're increasingly becoming a confirmed position by the parliament . 
  on the other hand you have the house of commons elected by a non-pr voting system , with the head of the executive being elected by the largest party according to their rules . 
  the house of lords is 80-85 % positions of patronage and the other 15-20 % is made up of people born into the position . 
  and then there 's the queen . 
  she 's mostly for show so i wo n't discuss her . 
  low turn out is an issue and we should be pushing more people to vote in those elections . 
  meps do have a lot of influence and we should have our say . 
  i 'm not entirely sure how we increase that when turn out trends are dropping in all elections - mandatory voting ? 
  there does seem to be a slow increase in uk turnout for eu elections ( if you ignore 1999 ) but eu wide it is in serious decline . 
  from what i understand , a large number of eu migrants move west for 5-10 years and then move back again . 
  sadly , far too many people would genuinely say something like that . 
  just look at theresa may 's hatred of the echr because it stops her doing the terrible things she wants to do . 
  ( i realise echr is not an eu thing , but that does n't stop everyone else confusing them ), 
  many people are voting based in migration . 
  but any situation where we still access the single market is going to result in freedom of movement and paying money to the eu . 
  i doubt the anti-eu groups around the continent are going to wait to find out the result of the `` experiment '' . 
  they 'll be pushing for their own referendum as soon as there a leave result . 
  the leave campaign has said `` are you tired of experts ' opinions ? 
  then vote leave '' . 
  we 're cutting off our nose to spite our face . 
  yes , they 're either working in companies that serve the british communities , so taking jobs away from spaniards ( and spain is a country with a massive unemployment problem ) , or they 're retired using spain 's healthcare system . 
  i like that the anti edl group is called the english defence league defence league . 
  but then we do exactly the same thing when we emigrate abroad . 
  just look at the british enclaves in spain . 
  no one speaks spanish . 
  no one has spanish friends . 
  they eat and drink in british bars and restaurants and buy british products . 
  and yet you get a woman in spain complaining and creating a petition about immigration into the uk , without a hint of irony . 
  everyone in `` europe '' except belarus ( and the semi sovereign countries and the vatican ) . 
  i say `` europe '' because azerbaijan is really stretching the definition a little . 
  does n't change the possibility of an extension of membership , even if its unlikely . 
  it 's a minimum of two years membership , not a maximum . 
  there are already parts of the eu not in europe , namely bits of france . 
  especially french guiana . 
  the council of europe , which had something like 53 members . 
  no , minimum . 
  article 50 allows extension of membership with the european council 's agreement .
