  you did n't vote for him to be prime minister either . 
  if you were a tory member of parliament in 2005 then you got to vote for the candidates for the leader of the tory party . 
  you know jack about how the pm becomes the pm . 
  what would happen if the government invoked article 50 , but parliament did n't repeal the european communities act 1972 ? 
  are we in the eu or not ? 
  we do n't have a single document that we can point at that we can say `` that 's the constitution '' . 
  we still have a constitution . 
  it 's just spread across multiple acts of parliament that we consider `` constitutionally important '' . 
  they include : * magna carta 1215 and 1297 - mostly irrelevant now . 
  only right to a fair trial is of importance ( other two clauses are not important ) . 
  * bill of rights 1688/9 - made the uk a constitutional monarchy * parliaments acts 1910 and 1949 - made house of commons more powerful than lords * european communities act 1972 - took us into what is now the eu * human rights act 1998 - binds the ehcr on uk law and courts * house of lords act 1999 - kicks most hereditary peers out of the lords * constitutional reform act 2005 - moved the law lords into the new supreme court . 
  * fixed term parliaments act 2011 - pm loses power to call an election at will . 
  there are others , but these are just the ones i can think of right now . 
  we also do a lot based on tradition and precedent . 
  this verdict is an example of the latter . 
  parliamentary procedure is mostly an example of the former . 
  * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fundamental_laws_of_england * https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_united_kingdom it 's quite confusing , but it 's also surprisingly flexible when we need it to be . 
  it 's worked well for us for at least 400 years ( if you go back to the glorious revolution/bill of rights 1689 ), 
  libdems have always been apologetically pro-europe . 
  they would have lost members if they did n't vote against . 
  the supreme court result was based on the idea that it was irrevocable , but the supreme court ca n't declare that . 
  only the ecj can do that . 
  we honestly do n't know if it is or is n't . 
  it 's not like they asked the same question multiple times . 
  they went back and got better terms before putting those improved terms back to the population . 
  quite a few seats in the uk are marginals . 
  additionally , if an mp angers their local party , they are quite likely to get deselected for the next election . 
  the leadership of parties make their position known ahead of time . 
  whipping is not a surprise . 
  rebels do n't get important jobs like cabinet or shadow cabinet positions , or nominated for committee positions . 
  additionally , the central party will put pressure on local parties to deselect rebels . 
  however , depending on how popular the mp is with their local party , they 'll probably tell the central party where to go . 
  an mp popular with their local party and constituency is safer when they rebel . 
  it also depends on how important the whipping is . 
  mps get a daily sheet of parliament business . 
  the whips will underline important votes with a number of lines . 
  one , two or three lines , with three being the most important to toe the line . 
  hence the term `` three line whip '' . 
  mps defy a three line whip at their ( political career 's ) peril . 
  this was obviously the correct verdict from the supreme court . 
  it should be obvious to anyone that parliament had to be consulted . 
  what would have happened if the pm invoked article 50 , but parliament refused to repeal the european communities act 1972 ? 
  would we still be in the eu ? 
  and importantly , all referendums in the uk are non-binding . 
  parliament can pass an act saying that certain things will go into effect based on the result of the result , but there 's nothing stopping parliament from just passing a new act to change that . 
  well , obviously there would be political consequences , but no constitutional issues . 
  it 's worth pointing out , for the benefit of non-brits , that royal prerogative is bound by the constraints that parliament sets them . 
  the royal prerogatives exist because parliament lets them , rather than parliament existing because the monarch lets them . 
  and also that parliament can not bind itself . 
  do n't worry , if may gets her way , you 'll have all your countrymen back . 
  and here we are running away just when migrating to the uk is becoming less and less attractive because eastern europe is becoming more equal to western europe . 
  oh god , now i 'm having beef bacon flashbacks from maldives . 
  do not want . 
  the only true veggie crime is bacon . 
  it does n't look like bacon , it does n't taste like bacon , it does n't feel like bacon , it does n't smell like bacon and it does n't sound like bacon . 
  wtf were you thinking ? 
  nah , we did that during the 1920s . 
  a large part of the reduction is due to peace in northern ireland and pais vasco . 
  once you realise the very real cultural difference , it makes a bunch of things make a lot more sense , like the lack of universal health provision . 
  `` why should i pay for other people 's health care ? '', 
  etc etc. 
  they said blister packs made suicide rates lower ( because it gave you time to think ) . 
  they then suggested that having a gun near you would make suicide easier because it allowed a quick decision . 
  / u/mutzenbacher 's comment was just about suicide . 
  check again . 
  the comment you replied to was about suicide . 
  how does other people owning guns stop you from committing suicide ? 
  yeah , that 's a better word for it . 
  cheers . 
  the other part was the maximum number of tablets you could buy at any one time . 
  you can only buy 16 tablets off the shelf . 
  more over the counter , but you have to talk to someone trained in dispensing to get it . 
  but it does give you plenty of time to think . 
  especially when you can only buy 16 tablets at any one shop , requiring you to walk to multiple shops to buy enough to kill yourself . 
  it turns out lots of people with suicidal thoughts are n't all that committed . 
  thoughts come and go , so requiring just that little bit more effort drastically affects the suicide rates . 
  at least in the past , everyone in the army reserve , which was pretty much everyone , kept their service weapon at home . 
  there is also a more individualistic culture in the us , where as europe tends to be more `` socialistic '' * i do n't know how that affects violence rates , but i 'm not sure it 's a positive factor . 
  ( \\* in the sense that supporting everyone in a society helps us all , rather than in the political sense . ), 
  man , you should see the disdain for native culture i 've seen from american immigrants . 
  well , very few indians are muslim and we 've had decades of desi immigration so we 're kinda chill about them ( and they do bring delicious food ) . 
  but obviously there 's still some racism there . 
  and let 's not forget that that was a voluntary union too . 
  partly due to scotland bankrupting themselves some years earlier , and england being willing to cover some of the scottish aristocracy 's losses to ensure a union . 
  okay , so maybe a bribed union . 
  cough covent garden . 
  i honestly hate puerta del sol in madrid . 
  my only reason to go there is to get from be side of the city to the other . 
  plaza mayor is very similar to covert garden market in that respect . 
  sure , but consider somewhere other than barcelona or venezia . 
  partly because the experience as a tourist is n't that great . 
  the main issue with barcelona is that it 's only a really small area of the city that 's popular with tourists . 
  but it pushes locals further and further away from the centre . 
  firenze is n't exactly quiet during the winter either . 
  it 's also destroying neighbourhoods . 
  people in barcelona are pissed and rightfully so . 
  and 80db is really loud . 
  you can buy class 2 bananas and cucumbers . 
  but very few people want them , so nowhere sells them . 
  individual countries had their own classification rules for produce .
