  the eu was asked to unify them , so did so . 
  it 's hard to fight a society that does n't care about the difference . 
  my so never uses hind\u00fa , but feels weird saying `` soy india '' so always uses `` soy de india '' . 
  likewise i make a point of use brit\u00e1nico and brit\u00e2nico rather than ingl\u00e9s or ingl\u00eas , but most spanish or portuguese speakers do n't know or care about the difference and will just use the latter . 
  but then lots of non-british english speakers do n't know or care about the difference between english and british . 
  did n't one state constitution make interracial marriage illegal until disturbingly recently ( despite scotus making it ineffective ) . 
  but then you 're not british . 
  the confusion is mostly a british concern , but it does mean that we might not be comparing apples with apples on that question . 
  and how would i tell the difference between the slovakia and slovenia flags if i ca n't say that one shield is wackier and the other is weenier ? 
  ( yes , i know one would n't exist any more , which would make my problem kinda moot ), 
  hind\u00fa is far far more common than indio/a in spanish, 
  my desi so is still called `` hind\u00fa '' in spain . 
  much more than being called `` india '' . 
  makes me think of murder on the orient express . 
  i 'd consider persian to be several centuries out of fashion , but then i 've only ever known it as iran . 
  i do n't think i 've heard anyone call it persia in a contemporary context in the last 40 years . 
  except rugs . 
  ( i 'd be very careful about the term you use for someone from pakistan in english , as the very similar `` paki '' is generally considered a derogatory term in the uk these days . 
  pakistani is probably the safest . ), 
  i think it tends to depend on where migration comes from . 
  in the uk , it 's by far more common for migration from the indian subcontinent than east asia , because only really singapore and hong kong were part of the empire . 
  other countries tend to have more migration from east asia . 
  the americas got a lot of chinese migration during the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  you mean americans ? 
  because that 's exactly why they * have * to refrigerate their eggs , because they wash them during production . 
  are they refrigerated in the shops ? 
  if not , they do n't need to be at home ; it 's just tradition . 
  modern policing was created by robert peel in the 1820s , who later became the british prime minister . 
  they were given the nickname bobbies after him . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_peel ( wheelie bins are rubbish bins with wheels on them making them easier to be moved ) . 
  both are fairly british terms as far as i 'm aware . 
  i do n't think they 've made it into the wider anglosphere . 
  you could have angered some people by including some purple in the spanish flag . 
  yes and current apathetic 13 year olds will have to be convinced to go out and vote again . 
  because first past the post . 
  it 's incredibly rare in the uk to have coalitions . 
  there was one in 2010 . 
  the previous coalition was in 1940 during the second world war . 
  in fact , in the 216 years that the uk has existed , there 's only been five coalition governments . 
  and since 1929 there 's only been three hung parliaments , 1974 , 2010 and 2017 . 
  and in 1974 , we had a second election shortly after the first . 
  sadly , given the election results , it 's very likely to happen . 
  she only has to piss off the dup to lose all power in the commons . 
  mind you , the next election probably wo n't have may as the leader . 
  ( the worst thing they could do is put in boris as then have to fight another election ), 
  you 'll be long dead by the time your kids are retired . 
  and you 've missed the point of my comment . 
  people generally become more conservative as they age . 
  you 'll grow old and lose your youthful ideals . 
  i will too . 
  if right wing ideas died out , we would n't have people following the same policies as thatcher . 
  she looks more and more like thatcher 's caricatures . 
  this may be by design . 
  what are you going to do about all the people that have grown up to replace them that have become more conservative ? 
  where as in the uk , the eu is a scapegoat for any shitty policy the government implements . 
  `` you 're killing babies ? '', 
  `` yep , sorry , eu directive '', 
  and the funny thing is that brexit has damaged our reputation abroad . 
  we have ( had ? ), 
  one of the most powerful soft powers in the world . 
  from culture , to foreign aid , to trade . 
  and we 've hurt that image . 
  and may 's threat to rip up human rights ? 
  half the world is going `` cool , we can do the same '' and the other half is going `` yep , not paying attention to what they have to say any more '', 
  you assume that young voters will continue to go out and vote . 
  by 2022 , most of them wo n't be in a young person category any more . 
  rich people do what rich people want to do . 
  the ban was specifically on hunting with dogs . 
  from what i remember you ca n't have more than two dogs on a hunt . 
  this allows you to have dogs on grouse shoots for example . 
  i think hunts can still chase foxes . 
  they just ca n't kill it by letting the dogs attack it . 
  hunts can still chase an artificial trail , which is what most of them do these days . 
  because fox hunting is popular in rich rural areas and especially by the landed gentry . 
  natural tory voters . 
  ( and you know it 's a sport rather than a pest control measure because they dress up and have so much pageantry around it ), 
  most of that came from the collapse of the ukip vote . 
  just more of it went to labour . 
  oh , and there was a higher turnout . 
  i mean , at the time she called the election , she had a 20-25 % lead in the opinion polls . 
  she should have had a landslide . 
  did people learn nothing from the west wing . 
  political operatives go where ever people will pay them . 
  i 'd put money on a second election by the end of the year . 
  i do n't think she 'll be stable in a minority government . 
  the sun supports who ever is likely to give influence to rupert murdoch . 
  that 's why they supported tony blair , but switched back to the conservatives once he was gone . 
  the stiff upper lip is way older than the 1940s . 
  fuck it , i 've got things to do . 
  ca n't waste it hiding , scared . 
  if it 's my time , it 's my time , but no one is gon na stop me living my life until then . 
  heineken also own some of the larger spanish beers . 
  cruzcampo is certainly one of theirs . 
  mahou san miguel makes most of the rest . 
  i 'm not sure who owns estrella damm or estrella galicia . 
  yesterday i was drinking a coffee stout and a cucumber berliner . 
  yep , taste all over the shop . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  there 's a border between switzerland , germany and austria that 's literally `` somewhere in that big lake over there '' . 
  check out lake bodensee .
