  we 're not stopping the eu for the rest of you , we 're just not being a member ourselves . 
   you 're a crybully and in the mercy of someone elses hands the arrogance lol, 
  ratings of her are actually fairly positive . 
  [ here 's the preferred prime minister polling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election#preferred_prime_minister_polling ) - these numbers are buoyed by how hapless corbyn is , but i believe she 's still got a net positive approval rating . 
  she 's taken her party to an 18 % lead , which again is helped by her opposition being shit , but still . 
  if she ran a general election now she 'd increase her majority in a big way . 
  personally , i vote for the currently shit opposition and think she 's a bit of a snake , but i can respect that she 's managing to keep her shit together a lot better than her opposition and i 'll admit she 's far more competent than him . 
  she 's a remainer who 's been landed with the job of leaving the eu . 
  she 's got to the point where the headline is [ ` brits do n't regret brexit and just want theresa may to get on with it ' ] ( http://uk.businessinsider.com/yougov-brexit-public-opinion-ahead-of-article-50-trigger-2017-3 ) . 
  the opinion of her will change based on how she does - if she gets a good outcome , i expect she 'll be in power for 2 or 3 terms . 
  if she gets a shit outcome , i expect we may not have a tory government in 2025 . 
  wales voted to leave too , do n't forget that , 
  balanced ? 
  lmao . 
  plenty of people here are very anti british and english . 
  people here are relishing in the idea that normal people in the uk may suffer , no matter how they voted . 
  they 're baying for the break up of the uk . 
  they do n't just want a fair deal for the rest of the eu , they want the uk punished so nobody else ever dares try and leave the eu . 
  if you think this place is balanced , then christ . 
   rudd did admit that it was likely that britain would no longer be a member of europol but said it was britain 's intent to strike agreements which would provide the same security benefits both sides currently enjoyed . 
  dramatic , is n't it . 
  ireland ? 
  they 're a neutral state and not part of nato . 
  if someone attacks them we 're going to have to go and help out with the military we pay for , since we share a land border and anyone going for them is probably going to be going for us next . 
  i do n't really think that 's out of european solidarity though . 
  they ca n't fill in the form if they do n't speak spanish . 
  theyre our best export . 
  the eu is scrambling for a deal to ensure our madlads are n't kept all to ourselves, 
  and i 'm sure you 're going to retain your eu citizenship and your freedom of movement . 
  i will not . 
  time to stop playing mod . 
  the sub has mods for that already . 
  you are n't one of them . 
  and my suggestion to you is to remember the world does n't revolve around you and your feelings . 
  also , to glance down and check my voting position !, 
  most euphiles i 've met are n't particularly nice to brits either , and your post in particular comes across as very belittling , so maybe that 's why brexit voters tend to be not very nice to you !, 
  taking a lack of belief in a political union as a personal attack is just plain sad . 
  maybe if they were the eu personified , or a major figurehead like verhofstadt , it 'd be justified . 
  but nobody knows who they are , or even which country they 're from . 
  it 's not personal , and it 's much more likely to affect me than any of you guys . 
  `` talking head from art attack airport '', 
  `` the actual fucking madmen '', 
  curious as to how they 've thrown the eu as a whole under the bus ? 
  if it 's truly so great , it does n't matter if we leave or not . 
  and did you see my first comment and how i voted ? 
  i 'm hoping this ends with us having eea membership . 
  why would i be arsed about where you live ? 
  go down in the comments , there 's people hoping the uk burns . 
  you 're offended and taking it personally that people do n't agree with you ? 
  they always seem to pretend it 's exclusively the english speaking media too . 
  never mind that there 's prominent eurosceptic parties in their own countries - ours no longer has a single mp , while theirs tend to be the second biggest in their parliaments - it 's certainly only the uk who have a bone to pick with the eu . 
  this is genuine / r/unitedkingdom a lot of the time , honestly, 
  sad !, 
  you underestimate george osborne, 
   the eu official said he was upset and surprised by us president donald trump 's enthusiasm over brexit definitely the brains of the eu , is n't he, 
  you 're trying to make the journey more difficult ? 
  what paradise are you hiding over there ? 
  you think a queue would stop us ? 
  if there 's no queue it 's clearly not worth going to !, 
  the terror attack happened at 3pm on the 22nd . 
  these papers were out at 6am that day . 
   i 'm sure the reu will be happy to cover iscotland 's bills greece will be buzzing to do that , i 'm sure . 
  i 've never seen such a load of bollocks in my life lol, 
  it 's a paraphrase . 
  the fact there 's a provision for it at all means that they know it 's going to happen eventually . 
  this was n't an article 50 style input , its the core of the agreement . 
   affirm that if , in the future , the people of the island of ireland exercise their right of self-determination on the basis set out in sections ( i ) and ( ii ) above to bring about a united ireland , it will be a binding obligation on both governments to introduce and support in their respective parliaments legislation to give effect to that wish ;, 
  this has been the case since the troubles , right ? 
  there 's a reason the good friday agreement is an ' * until * the majority want to leave they remain part of the uk ' than ' * if * the majority want to leave then they can rejoin ireland ', 
  do n't you realise we 're in / r/europe ? 
  we 're the meanest , most unfair overlords in the world , who completely hate democracy that is n't in favour of english people . 
  every night we throw darts at a picture of sturgeon , secretly cursing the might of the scots and the fact they have mel gibson representing them in popular culture . 
  https://twitter.com/change_britain/status/838764624640159744 take a gander at the replies, 
  it is , but it 's also very different to no access at all which is what plenty of brexiteers want . 
  may 's said today in pmqs that single market access is still a goal really . 
  really ? 
  i discussed this recently with some people and each of us identified as english , welsh or irish depending on where we were from . 
  we 're all 21-25 , from very different areas of the uk ( 2 from ni , a couple of welshes and us english from very different areas and backgrounds ) and at uni . 
  i do n't think you 'd know unless you asked , because nobody bangs on about it , but that 's my experience . 
  considering snp have a majority , i 'd expect they 'd say yes every time . 
  he 's meant to do a lot of things . 
  he 's shit at all of them , really . 
  we 're so big !, 
  we also guarantee ourselves no more nil points, 
  to be fair , there 's really only one austrian that most brits are familiar with, 
  [ friendship regain ] ( https://en.dailypakistan.com.pk/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/640x390xdownload2.jpg.pagespeed.ic.ao7znu9w5f.jpg ), 
  uh , the most iconic film ever made about your country stars julie andrews . 
  what more is there to friendship ? 
  yeah , the southern european states ( bar malta ) all sound reasonable . 
  and we all know the dutch usually are . 
  even france was fine , they just do n't want a sweetheart deal for the uk , which is fair enough . 
  alarm bells ring when an objective of negotiations is outright making the uk worse off though . 
  friendship ended with austria and germany now ireland is my best friend, 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_on_scottish_independence ), 
  we hear about a lot of irrelevant shit there, 
  they 're thinking ` bankrupt it and it dies ' , i assume, 
  he does n't show up . 
  he 's busy in the us , thankfully . 
  curious as to which point farage - who could n't even get a seat as an mp - supposedly became part of the negotiations ?
