  she had a challenge to her leadership over her being anti-single currency and progressively more eurosceptic . 
  ` points based immigration ' was a buzzword that got a lot of working class people to vote brexit , because competition for working class jobs and the downwards wage pressure that caused is what got them working shit jobs for shit wages . 
  they 're happy to take your doctors for cheap , not so happy to take your factory workers for cheap , and it was the working class that decided this one . 
  the eu referendum was pretty much a proxy for the class divide in england , to the point where there 's interviews with out voters saying `` if you have money you vote in , if you do n't have money you vote out . '', 
  they are n't particularly concerned about the state that a points based immigration system would leave other countries in , unfortunately . 
  except i really doubt these eastern european countries were as annoyed by free movement as the uk considering the movement tends to be east to west . 
  immigration was the main issue in brexit . 
  i 'm surprised it 's that low over there . 
  i 'd expect around 80-90 % for a lot of the eastern european countries, 
  italian granny was probably judging the shit out of it . 
  ` thisa what he give me ? 
  where is the tomato ? 
  the oregaaaaano ? ', 
   these people are careerists , the plp is the main reason why labour does so poorly . 
  no , the reason does poorly is because however popular corbyn is amongst labour trade union members , he is not popular amongst the general voting public . 
  he had a year without the plp causing shit . 
  he 's had his shadow cabinet working with him for a year . 
  [ the polls did not improve ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) . 
  labour 's unpopularity is not due to the coup , it 's been going on for a good while . 
  the country has voted for brexit . 
  it 's a clear sign that the working class does n't feel listened to on a lot of issues . 
  yet the traditional working class political party is managing sweet fuck all , because jeremy is unwilling to do the politics he needs to in order to win the marginal seats that determine the outcome of our elections . 
  theresa may is , and she - an unelected prime minister - is getting the tories lead over 10 % . 
  [ this is the guy who wants to set it up lol ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/joshua-virasami/checkyourbeardprivilege_b_7801260.html ? ), 
  any white guys with beards , he 'd like to say  you are flaunting male-whiteness , what is male-whiteness you ask ? 
  male-whiteness is your engendered privileges you have from being a cis-white male within white supremacy, 
  had enough of u experts, 
  [ give them the full song , at least !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jzyzvmcgwhg ) it 's gon na be like when celine competed for france except tons better . 
  if it 's not worth signing it wo n't be signed by either side . 
  the eu could go and write up a deal which the die hard eu fans would love . 
  ship all refugees to britain , full freedom of movement , must join the euro , must pay extra , must put all jobs in greece , may must give juncker a handie at least once a week , blah blah blah . 
  it would n't get signed by the uk . 
  equally if we go in and say ` no freedom of movement , full access to single market , stop being a net contributor ' the eu wo n't sign either . 
  a deal is best for everyone . 
  but it 's gon na need a signature off both sides for it to exist . 
   we 're sorry but this site is not accessible from the uk as it is part of our international service and is not funded by the licence fee . 
  fucking hell , was n't expecting that, 
  northern rock solid, 
  stuff like english devolution i suppose . 
  shite , this explains why living in north west england , i do n't get the complaints on rail . 
  ours is pretty much intact there , can even pinpoint roughly where i live based on intersections . 
  i usually use them to pick up dog poo if i 've forgot to buy poo bags :( somehow i doubt they 'll do swapsies after that !, 
   no country is our friend 5,6 %, 
  my plastic bag full of plastic bags is completely depleted now . 
  it 's a very odd feeling . 
  the nk dictatorship is ahead of the curve and perform the terrorism themselves !, 
  north korea is a fan of punishing three generations too, 
  in the shape of a hedgehog, 
  it 's a vote against freedom of movement in a binding referendum , so very relevant to us . 
  i have no doubt that may is going to be watching that one very closely, 
  also got to watch what happens with switzerland . 
  they 're having to appoint eu migration quotas in feb because of a referendum , and the eu is n't budging on it lol, 
  lol it wo n't ever pass . 
  not as long as spain is there . 
  besides , these new states are very uncertain - the eu wo n't know what its getting into with them for a good while after independence . 
  lol oops, 
  the absolute madman, 
  norway never joined the eu . 
  we might have to start thinking of swiss ones for february when they have to enact that immigration law the wo n't let them have as part of efta ... 
  their mugs will have to be bathtub sized to hold their refills , it 'll never work, 
  fuck , i love that one . 
  see you neverlands . 
  irelseeyoulads . 
  denomore . 
  finnished . 
  portugo . 
  gim me that sweet credit for my horrible portmanteaus, 
  eexit would be the best one for using exit , but i love czechout . 
  it 's my favourite , as much as i doubt it 'd ever happen . 
  you missed czechout , potentially the greatest one of all . 
  i expect the switzerland situation is being watched very closely before we move . 
  [ still number 4 here  ] ( https://goodcountry.org/index/overall-rankings ), 
  [ aaaand we did n't ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36892785 ), 
  his [ post brexit speech . 
  ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/06/24/britons-have-taken-back-control-of-their-country-trump.html ) whether he 'll follow through , and whether this is just to put himself in opposition to obama is another question , but that 's what he 's said . 
   president obama did say , i guess , that they should move to the back of the line that would n't happen with me : the uk has been such a great ally for so long , they 'll always be at the front of the line , they 've been amazing allies in good times and in bad times . 
  to be fair , you 're getting a new president in a few months . 
  the approaches your two presidential candidates want to take are different . 
  trump says we 'll be front of the line , hillary 's approach seems to be more cautious . 
  got ta wait for you guys to pick . 
  and for us to pick what we 're doing , since we have n't yet . 
  we literally hosted the last summer olympics tho, 
  lets hope that people decide to use birth control ... 
  no the italians are just smegheads, 
  no , this is a subliminal message that we 're frigid, 
  look at that union jack fridge in the photo of him . 
  that 's a fucking beautiful fridge . 
  * across the world, 
  in troubled times , germans embrace ` mommy ' merkel, 
  that 's part of the challenge !, 
  abby lee miller taught me a lot about pittsburgh 's dance schools in the first 4 seasons of dance moms and she also taught me that cathy , the wicked witch of ohio , is a fucking bitch, 
  i learned the middle ones because i had friends living there lmao ... everything else is a blur, 
  sorry in advance for when i get romania 's position wrong , possibly in an offensive fashion, 
  yes , much better to do that than fix the problems within the eu that are leading to questions over membership within other eu countries . 
  much better to rule by fear that other countries may suffer the same fate if they dare to dissent . 
  peak guardian has been achieved . 
  mine was an intentional penis to be fair, 
  no decent reality shows there :(, 
  lets do eastern europe tomorrow,
