  do n't touch gibraltar . 
  we 're a bit touchy on that one atm . 
  we never get tired of winning !, 
  nope , but migration from india and pakistan was controlled . 
  there was common ground due to the commonwealth . 
  sadiq khan is much cooler than zac goldsmith too , that 's how we ended up with him as london mayor . 
  look at how the refugee crisis went in 2015 . 
  there was no agreement , you had germany and hungary on opposing sides of the spectrum , we got a lot of flack for taking people direct from camps rather than encouraging the dangerous trip by boat , and greece is still struggling after what happened . 
  what 's going to happen the next time it happens ? 
  because it will . 
  someone photoshop farage 's face over the bloke pls, 
  / r/casualuk is chilled , created in response to / r/unitedkingdom being a pit of despair, 
  it 's generally pro-eu ( as expected by it being / r/europe ) and initially anything that is n't trashing brexit gets downvoted , but people here tend to up vote those same things to keep the conversation going, 
  having better control of this is one of the few pros of brexit . 
  it 's something that kept me in the reluctant remain camp , at least . 
  someone edit this with the new little picture of liz on the right side of our flag, 
  freedom of movement and also freedom of borders exists on the continent in this map, 
  [ i tried but ukraine confused me and i forgot who the fuck has a border with them and had to give up sorry pals ] ( http://imgur.com/h8rw5sd ), 
  it 's their april fools joke . 
  note that russia and turkey are chilling there too . 
  we had a shit one , someone started a better one , then it expanded and now it seems to be getting to an okay point ? 
  the government target is 2 % . 
  we 're actually closer to where we should be than we have been for years . 
  stick that on a bus right now . 
  we know it wo n't come true then . 
  article 50 has been triggered . 
  the first was meant to happen as soon as that did , but the # is on the up . 
  in all my real life discussion of the topic , i 've never once heard someone state that wanting an empire again was why they voted leave . 
  in fact , most people i 've spoken to who voted leave would rather have more isolationist policy ( not getting involved in other people 's wars , less foreign aid ) than anything remotely like an empire . 
   never mind that britain 's empire was a precursor to the forces of globalization and migration that the brexiteers so profoundly resent so do they not think that it may not be popular amongst that subset of the population ? 
  2 world wars and 1 world cup , suck it, 
  we have n't had a shock on the level of 2008 , wages have n't fallen 3-6 % , france has n't left the jungle to their own devices . 
  those were all things the remain campaign said would happen , and they 've not . 
  i voted remain , but they have n't all come true . 
  not even close . 
  are you a bit drunk ? 
  there 's no fun shitposts on / r/uk . 
  only tears . 
   als ein brite , nicht nur als englendar . . na ja , es k\u00f6nnte schlimmer sein the scots , ni and welsh have their own flags that the edl tend to avoid . 
  they 've removed the uk flair and replaced it with a european flag . 
  your choices as an englishman are look like an edl supporter or take the shit eu one . 
  you happened to have it the wrong way around anyway . 
  the thin upper white stripe should be first on your left if you 're hanging it that way . 
  you would have needed to turn it around . 
  [ lads ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfgsao-yyoq ), 
  you mean * stunning * and brave . 
  you ca n't be positive about it in here , mate . 
  have a peek at the map in the sidebar right now . 
  she wo n't let you clean them first either . 
  this will probably be your big shock of the day , but i 'm a remain voter who wants this to end in eea membership . 
  surprise !, 
  the government * should * consider the country as a whole . 
  but it 's a lie to say that nobody thinks we should take the votes of pensioners away . 
  plenty of people in a thread linked elsewhere in the comments of the one you replied to did . 
  i 'm curious if they 'd feel the same about taking away the votes of people with life limiting illnesses - or would they be allowed to retain their vote , purely because they 're more likely to share the same opinion on the eu as the posters due to their age . 
  imagine the chaos !, 
  it 'd be the most exciting thing to happen since at least last week !, 
  do it in irish gaelic . 
  nobody in mainland uk speaks it , nobody on the continent speaks it , it 'd be brill . 
  why not all of the above ? 
  which proves the point that / r/unitedkingdom is the worst one really, 
  / r/uk 's opinions tend to be eu - god like , verhofstaddy , no suffering , compassion for everyone , student paradise , legal weed everywhere uk - desolate porn hating wasteland , little old polish ladies getting punched in the face whenever they leave the house , death and dying, 
  you 've also got to remember that most of these peoples ' grandparents will have voted leave . 
  they 're willing to take away their grandparents access to democracy away because they did n't get their way . 
  they reckon that their own grandparents were out to spite them and take away their futures . 
  there was also someone who refused to speak to his own family because they voted leave ? 
  but what if the tories eventually become the left because our new alien overlords take the centre right ? 
  where 's the one where the american wanted to bring chocolate bars and randomly leave them around dublin ? 
  that 's in my top 10 favourite threads of all time, 
  4chan are n't pretending to be the reasonable side a lot of the time though, 
  i do n't even think / r/the _ donald gets their jollies from celebrating the deaths of old people , honestly . 
  what are the green things ... 
  trust me , it 's nothing compared to / r/unitedkingdom . 
  people circle jerked for weeks over the idea of taking the votes of pensioners away because that demographic generally voted for brexit and because ` they 're going to die anyway ', 
  [ this is my kind of content ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/northernireland/comments/62dvsw/im_a_protestant_who_puts_red_sauce_on_his_sausage/ ), 
  / r/unitedkingdom 's view of britain 's future includes * everyone dying of starvation after the next 2 years * scotland cutting themselves off the uk with a hacksaw and stitching themselves to the bottom of ireland * theresa may personally coming to your house to sniff your sex toys * tory government for 500 years it 's a bloody depressing place . 
  thanks hun, 
  yeah , me too . 
  i 'm an intellectual and know that florida looks like a penis . 
   if he votes against may 's brexit deal lol , that 'd require a bit of actual leadership and backbone from him, 
  interesting . 
   so no , no one here ever hated the uk or its citizens but the uk we see today is not the uk we knew . 
  lmaooooooo nobody here ? 
  absolutely nobody ? 
  have you been in this sub for longer than 5 minutes ? 
  calling people dumb , and cowardly , is n't the way to change opinions . 
  thinking that nationalism is the key to this vote is n't either . 
  but euphiles tend to be arrogant and ignorant to any perspective other than their own . 
  uk + ireland + benelux + scandinavia + iceland would probably have issues of power imbalance that other countries would be unhappy with , but i doubt we 'd leave it . 
  people pine for the good old days . 
  if brexit turns out shit and the eu is still a decent force 20 to 30 years down the line , i reckon my generation will want to rejoin , because the eu will be * our * good old days . 
  they think that our differing levels of engagement with , and national affection for the eu , means that we could never have similar opinions on what goes on within it . 
  which is absurd , but i believe that 's essentially what they 're trying to say . 
   mister . 
  sexism . 
   perhaps it 's because we did n't want you to leave the union ? 
  plenty of people cheered it because we ` held the eu back from so much progress !, 
  ' , but want it done in a way that actively punishes the uk . 
   perhaps the pubishment comes from anger and feelings of betrayal so it 's okay to want people to suffer because you 're angry ? 
   but got shorthanded by populism and racism from a country whos googles are rose tinted with the memories of past glories yes , because populism and racism and dreams of an empire are definitely the only reasons people voted leave .
