  but we do n't * want * belgium !, 
  not even belgium wants all of belgium !, 
  country : uk name : lots of them sport : ~ ~ football ~ ~ cycling accomplishments : we 're pretty good at it, 
  fucks sake , we do n't even make it into the top 3 ? 
  poland can not into top 10 :(, 
  winner winner roast dinner, 
  i love that this thread turned into sunday sport stories . 
  [ here 's an imgur album for you all !, 
  in fact , has a petition ever brought any change in law or gorverment policy ? 
  i ca n't think of any . 
  the school holiday fine one got what they wanted , but it was because of that bloke taking it to court . 
  [ none of these did a thing . 
  ] ( https://petition.parliament.uk/petitions?state=all ), 
  nope , wood . 
  so it 's all a bit odd really !, 
  remember how much good the 2nd referendum one did lads ? 
  they stole my gate , not particularly sure why . 
  give this man a coat, 
  his mum 's dutch , his bird is spanish . 
  and he set fire to a load of cacti in germany back in the day . 
  truly the pride of the eu . 
  they 'll blame us anyway !, 
  pissing off the continent without even being there , truly a win for the uk !, 
  all terrorists come from the solar system , do n't they ? 
  mummies control the gbp economy up there, 
  neetcastle, 
  and i hope you look up speeches from 2016 , rather than focusing on one back in 2011 when he was campaigning . 
  all the best , belgie . 
  it 's all good reading a speech someone else has written when you 're in a room full of british mps . 
  obama himself was out calling france their greatest ally , merkel his greatest partner , and saying we 'd be at the back of the queue for a trade deal . 
  trump 's slotted may in for 1 week after his inauguration , the first foreign leader he meets with . 
  that 's the difference between his opinion of the uk and obama 's . 
  ` the most famous pornstar from each european country ! ', 
  obama did n't like the uk at all . 
  trump is an anglophile and does n't do long term thinking , he 's a much better person to be negotiating with . 
  op put five of them on our country when there 's only four now , and only three of them are brits . 
  sad, 
  she 'd have been forced to sing an ed sheehan song . 
  would n't have gone down well :(, 
   its a toddlers attitude and just outright embarassing . 
  i 'd say your attitude is exactly the same . 
  you want to doom 65 million people to be ideologically right . 
  you do n't have to like brexit , i do n't , but wanting to kill off the uk is pretty embarrassing . 
  one small country invents way to increase inflation . 
  european central bankers hate him !, 
  it 's not a scapegoat . 
  it 's apathy because we 're the smallest voting group , we do n't have the greatest turnout , and our votes are generally pretty useless . 
  i say it as someone who voted remain , but the remain campaign did n't generally offer too much hope . 
  it was effectively ` your life will still be shit but you 'll be in the eu ' . 
  at least the young people i know who voted leave seem pretty fucking pumped about the possibilities . 
  the youth have been whacked with every stick they can be . 
  we are n't going to have pensions most likely , we 're unlikely to be able to afford houses for a good while , we have massive student debts , and poor language education means that for most people migration to anywhere but the anglosphere is more trouble than it 's worth . 
  where does the eu help with those things ? 
  if it turns out to be the best decision we ever made then / r/europe will still say we 're shitheads for not telling the rest of europe . 
  same way that some people in the uk like to blame eastern europeans for all their woes , we 're going to be that for / r/europe now . 
  the last part wo n't happen . 
  no matter how the eu goes from now , we 'll be blamed in some way . 
  if the eu fails it 's on us , if the eu succeeds it 's because we left and were dragging you down . 
  it 's okay . 
  he pays massive uk taxes , he gets to stay, 
  celebratory tea break, 
  most i hear about the swedes is that they have fit men and they created ikea and therefore we like them . 
  scandinavians in general are well received . 
  `` we 're going to increase your working hours while paying you less and intentionally preventing employment law from protecting you '', 
  welcome to what happens when you want socialist healthcare provided by a conservative government , combined with an ageing population , slashed social care budgets and service levels designed for the population levels 15 years ago !, 
  everyone could be wrong , that 's why the government ca n't go around fact checking every ` expert ' opinion a newspaper prints to support their side . 
  but brexit 's outcome is n't hard fact . 
  nobody knows what 's going to happen . 
  remaining may end up with the eu imploding in 5 years and our economy could tank because we 're linked in with it . 
  leaving might end any way whatsoever , from a great depression for the next 50 years to nigel farage providing every citizen with a million quid each . 
  hard to know what 's a lie when it has n't happened . 
  except not really ? 
  people voted against immigration and a superstate . 
  ` when you go outside ' because no person who feels british has ever been outside europe ? 
  i feel more kinship with the other anglophone countries personally . 
  agreed . 
  i love europe and wish we were remaining but this is cringey as fuck imo, 
  how are they going to submit university assignments now, 
  china literally has their name made up using characters that mean ` middle state ' \u4e2d\u570b pls respect our chinese overlords right to identify as a centrist country, 
  boris sounds somewhat okay now, 
  europe seems pretty united over us, 
  burger king 's current christmas offerings are above and beyond what mcdonalds is doing, 
  he clearly is n't since they are n't giving him concessions and he 's taking them to court as a result . 
  farage also helped coach trump . 
  brexit is n't the only mental thing that 's happened this year that he 's aided in . 
  where would be be deported to ? 
  he 's a british citizen living in ukraine, 
  i think the flexible microphone makes him look fairly badass here, 
  they do n't know what blair vs cameron was like man, 
  finland seems like my kind of place . 
  united kingdom of top bants, 
   northland is just ridiculously stupid thats where southerners think we 're all from anyway , 
  christ , he 's in election mode is n't he . 
  how much of this i believe he 'd stick to in power , i do n't know , but the piece is good . 
  you guys have the best words . 
  she 'd rather be a duck than completely fuck herself over , i assume . 
  she 's a pm who 's figuring out what to do with an outcome that she did n't want . 
  if she can blame the high court for delayed brexit and get away with it , she will . 
  march is n't going to be when article 50 gets triggered . 
  ` blow ' everyone 's forgotten that may campaigned for remain lmao , she is n't sat at home crying ( also , wales voted leave ),
