  you had an amazing selection of junk food though . 
  still wo n't work if you 're not funding it !, 
  this is the key to it . 
  you see a lot on this sub that ` we ca n't trust donald trump to protect us ! ' ... 
  because he said he would n't protect countries that do n't spend the recommended 2 % on defence . 
  why should greece , poland , estonia spend their 2 % and have to pick up for italy and germany who only fancy spending 1.1-1 .2 % ? 
  what 's he gon na do ? 
  ask us to leave ? 
  because they 're still better than the alternative for them ld went for raised tuition fees . 
  labour manifesto went for # 6000 fees in 2015 . 
  better than the alternative , so student constituencies like bristol west went ld -  labour, 
  they did n't get the one a lot of votes hinged on through . 
  so they 're disappearing . 
  it 's equivalent to the tories cutting the pension , or the snp voting for scotland to get less finding under barnett when that 's a key issue for their core voting demographic . 
  students voted ld based on their tuition promises , they got fucked over , they no longer vote ld and as a result the lib dems are no longer a strong voice in parliament . 
  clegg no longer has much power , his party betrayed a lot of their previous voters with tuition fees and now he 's one of 8 lib dems in the commons . 
  it 's no surprise he has little information . 
  i 'd assume nicola sturgeon of the snp , the new 3rd party , has far more information . 
  particularly since she was one of the first politicians may went and spoke to about the situation . 
  it 's spain and greece that 'll get hit the hardest by it , especially if places like turkey keep their costs in line with theirs as they are now . 
  $ 60 as it is for the rest of the world , most likely ( or $ 30 as for russia/georgia/kosovo / ukraine etc ) . 
  i wonder who 'll end up getting our tourism if it does go ahead . 
  dominating, 
  brexit for boners, 
  media city is in salford , might have mixed them up . 
  nah , american media told me that the scots are gingers with kilts , you guys are gingers with flat caps . 
  til it 's people outside of the uk who find izzard funny , thanks / r/europe, 
  [ barely anyone else offers it , so surely there 's also an incentive not to . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_militaries_that_recruit_foreigners ), 
  we tried to take them over , we were impressed by how good they were , and invited them to fight for india which is a part of the commonwealth . 
  this is a tradition going for over 200 years . 
  they ca n't honestly make the oath of allegiance . 
  the commonwealth have her as queen and can . 
   i swear by almighty god that i will be faithful and bear true allegiance to her majesty queen elizabeth ii , her heirs and successors , and that i will , as in duty bound , honestly and faithfully defend her majesty , her heirs and successors , in person , crown and dignity against all enemies , and will observe and obey all orders of her majesty , her heirs and successors , and of the generals and officers set over me . 
  [ fucking pirate ship coming through m80s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jckvd9578eq ), 
  no star to indicate editing . 
  why would someone from elsewhere in the eu want to fight for queen liz ? 
  apparently si\u00f4n simon is earning his money over there , he 's on a load of those lists . 
  the only reason they won that seat in the first place is because the mp crossed the floor from conservative  ukip a year or two prior , meaning he was n't a fringe candidate in that constituency . 
  tory internal issues were the cause . 
  one of my earliest memories is watching a shit 3d reconstruction of the car crashing on the news . 
  did n't have a fucking clue who she was at the time . 
   but for me as a german it just feels like we got one step closer to war again after the referendum and i thought people over here were overdramatic about the consequences of brexit . 
  well the true term is brickledepops but we shorten it . 
  lots of doctors from india , lots of people people have had a polish plumber or bricky and are okay with poles . 
  ireland , netherlands , nordics , austria , germany . 
  do n't wan na cut public spendies, 
  so they 'd be using an entirely new currency , which in the current situation would generate an exchange rate that would be horrendous for them . 
  there would be no currency union with ruk . 
  the only way they 'll be using gbp is as a foreign currency , like the cubans do with usd . 
  backed by the bank of * england * as lender of last resort . 
  would n't happen with an independent scotland . 
  `` dae uk sucks let scotland free and give ni to ireland and racist ? '', 
  but the guardian wrote this instead of `` i cherish every one of my childs poos and will save them in readiness for brexit when they 'll become worth more than gbp '' or something else poo related , that 's saying something, 
  mmm , france is * agonising * , so delicious ... 
  this is from the guardian ? 
  their 7s rugby team are worth the deal, 
  that 's one word for them ... 
  [ i 've been bred for cold ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unessd9f-l8 ), 
   half of their dna is from the british isles shit , i 'm switching my answer to norway, 
  iceland , they 're usually attractive there so hopefully i 'd be attractive too, 
  us + gb + russia + china + canada + australia = 365, 
  if eurovision is any example , we ca n't guarantee that, 
  we also get to take some from the other ussr states , plus i did n't include canada or australia or anywhere else because i did n't feel like going further than the top 4 places on the medals table , 
  kek, 
  us + gb + russia + china = 314 bants, 
  now that 's more like it !, 
  why are n't we obscenely gold compared to everyone else ? 
  make us golder, 
  the number would be in the 200s without us . 
  i think we 're actually moving closer to it . 
  we 've got 3 countries with devolved parliaments , people are just kicking up a fuss about needing an english devolved parliament . 
  we clearly have different opinions on taxation and public spending from how we voted in the ge . 
  unfortunately i feel like it 's going to be resisted heavily considering how heavily ni and wales are subsidised by england . 
  good luck getting them to give up the barnett formula . 
  we already had the north east of england stupidly voting no to devolved powers to them too unfortunately . 
  lol, 
  really not the same thing or an example of a super happy unitary state . 
  we were formed through us english conquering wales and ireland and then uniting with scotland because union was more convenient than risking them picking a monarch who 'd make alliances against england . 
  this had lots of opposition , particularly from scotland who felt they 'd become less powerful within a united kingdom . 
  and i expect they were n't wrong on that . 
  ever since that we 've only had members leave , further devolution , and inequality between the member countries in various aspects \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  yeah , i think we did an analysis of which events we could be really good at and focused on them for a few years . 
  stuff like skeleton at the winter olympics was mentioned as part of it , we do n't have history of the sport like we do sailing for example but funding was put in because they thought we could be good at it, 
  wealthier countries are doing worse than us atm . 
  it 's more to do with how our sports funding works ( based off olympic achievements so we peak at the olympics rather than worlds ) and being ahead of the curve on engineering in things like cycling, 
  the anglosphere medal count is 198 , if we 're lumping together countries with no shared sports program . 
  queue, 
  39 for the uk , 
  we were the reverse of that ratio to be honest . 
  our latin and german teachers being very attractive was more the reason though . 
  there were 4 sets of 20 kids for gcse german and 2 for latin out of a 220 year group . 
  only half of the year group got to learn german in the first place , so that 's 80/110 taking german through to gcse . 
  tldr ; germany should give herr wolf and herr miller medals for promoting the country and language, 
  we did french or german depending on which half of the school you were in , then picked between spanish and latin as the additional language later on . 
  this was a comp , and the other comp in my area which my brother now goes to only does french 1st year , german 2nd year and then you pick two from french + german + spanish . 
  no idea why you did n't get to do german !, 
  on the whole , do you think eastern europeans or the uk are more positive on freedom of movement ? 
  [ eurobarometer ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_publ_en.pdf ) puts us as the least positive about right to live anywhere in the eu and second least positive on right to work anywhere in the eu on page 160 , with a pretty decent margin above us and austria until we hit the next one . 
  how did thatcher join it in 1992 when she was resigned in 1990 ?
