  they do n't seem to grasp that yelling ` dumb racist slave ! ', 
  at people wo n't change their mind . 
  especially if they 're already voting on an emotionally charged basis , which plenty of leave voters did . 
  north korea beat us . 
  roi or denmark would be my choices . 
  they 're a good set of lads . 
  because having them win is the only way to get the tories out of power . 
  even if they go back to blair style centrism , it 's still far better for the traditional labour voting population than any version of the tories that we 've seen . 
  better than the alternative is the main reasoning in fptp voting, 
  they speak english , so surely they 're anglosphere . 
  lol , do i fuck . 
  i 'm a labour remain voter , under the age of 25 , who is a member of a union , and living in a safe labour seat in the north west of england . 
  like a tory government is going to listen to shit i say . 
  only telling you what he 's actually said , mate . 
  i 've no power to enact it . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if we succeed then you 'll be welcomed into an anglosphere union . 
  `` we may have to say that the ` right to indefinite leave to remain ' protection only applies before a certain date '' you do not need ilr as an eu citizen at current . 
  once brexit happens , non uk nationals will have to apply for it if they want to stay , and he 's saying that one of the things that may happen is that only people who have been an ordinary resident since before a certain date will be able to get that . 
  leave voters probably were n't too interested in scotland in the first place . 
  i think you guys will be just fine . 
  except the scottish leave voters , they 'll probably be annoyed but you massively outnumber them anyway . 
  it comes across as ` we can not let them succeed ' . 
  if he 'd said ` we can not let them profit * at our expense * ' it 'd be different , but the statement reads as hostile as it is now . 
  humiliating johnson and making it so he ca n't say shit about not being involved with brexit negotiations seems to be her plan . 
  the brexit department is in charge of that . 
  he 's been kept well away from that department . 
  says on her cv she 's now pm after winning by a landslide ? 
  actually , larry the cat showed up on the steps of downing street before any political leader . 
  it 's not an * independent * country though . 
  that 's what 's key . 
  they had a chance to change that not too long ago , and they did n't . 
  they chose to stay in the union , and be governed by whoever the entire uk chose . 
  it 's not a nation state though , is it ? 
  it 's a devolved country within the uk . 
  the north west has 7 million people versus 5 million in scotland . 
  london has 8 million . 
  so why is it that only scotland are hard done by in the view of / r/europe when it comes to our general election ? 
  especially when there 's no devolved legislature to protect those people from what they clearly voted against ? 
  apparently so !, 
  the 35k one is for non eu citizens with no family tie who want to stay in the country for over 5 years , iirc . 
  it 's mainly to force non eu immigration down , and i 'm assuming it 's to related to the 40 % tax band kicking in at 32k . 
  # 18,600 was defined as the income at which a person was no longer a burden on the state , as their taxes paid are higher than what they extract in benefits . 
  [ lots and lots of information on it here , including why partner 's income does n't count , why that number was chosen in the first place , and how many people can meet it . 
  ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/reports/minimum-income-requirement-family ), 
  somehow , people seem to think scotland is special in not getting the government they voted for . 
  north west england , north east england , london . 
  all mostly labour seats , all still ruled by a tory government . 
  sealand, 
  he thought it was far more comfortable than it was . 
  the referendum was an election promise made at a time when there was nobody thinking we 'd get a majority government . 
  they thought they 'd be in coalition with the lib dems and could easily go ` ah no lads , lib dems said no to the referendum but we got ... ' but that did n't happen . 
  he thought the remain side was a comfortable win and joined that ... and this is what happened, 
  he thought he 'd win . 
  even last night we thought that remain had won , although it was close . 
  if anyone can , it 's a combo of london , birmingham , cardiff and bristol, 
  we do n't have open borders anyway ? 
  we 're non schengen, 
  yougov 's on the day poll puts it at 52 % remain , 48 % leave . 
  really fucking close if that 's the case , it wo n't be the end of it . 
  postal vote in advance or you can register an emergency proxy vote until 5pm on voting day . 
  yes , i like the bit of drama it brings, 
  dunno if we sent one direction or something we 'd probably win since they 're really popular internationally . 
  but we do n't want to pay for either them or the hosting so it 's not gon na happen, 
  they 'd have still got the exact same placing though ? 
  they 'd just have had a similar massive surge to what they got tonight when the phone votes were announced, 
  if we all sent our most popular act i wonder who 'd win, 
  12 points or i vote out, 
  stiffest most upper lip, 
  people forget that litvinenko was killed on uk soil and that the russians have just been reported to have killed british officers when they went prying . 
  we are n't really pals . 
  any road with street lighting you can assume is 30mph . 
  apparently you have to be doing nearly 60mph to get your license taken away from you ? 
  we might retract article 50 for bants, 
  oh you scots and your context clues, 
  conchita is a drag queen . 
  tom neuwirth identifies as a man . 
   i am happy being a man in a dress . 
  some people get confused and think i 'm a trans woman , but i 'm strict about the difference . 
  what i do is performance , it 's staged , it 's glamour -- it 's not real life . 
  but for trans people , being born in the wrong body -- there 's nothing glamorous or easy about that . 
  [ x ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/tv-and-radio/2015/may/16/conchita-wurst-this-much-i-know-being-conchita ), 
  you also have people who are n't able to vote for other reasons ( health , severe dementia , severe learning disability , severe mental illness etc ) . 
  these people are entitled to vote due to universal suffrage , but they generally abstain because they 're not really able to make the decision , or pop out to the voting booth . 
  it 's roughly another 1-2 million people there . 
  no true labour supporter would ever criticise labour 's leader !, 
  those dirty plp bastards not agreeing with him !, 
  corbyn agreed with every labour leader !, 
  both depending on where you 're from . 
  up north we 'll pronounce it like marriage , down south they 'll pronounce it like mirage . 
  with the amount of brits living in ireland , they should really still be on the map, 
  actually a northerner . 
  can confirm that people up here will still rhyme it with how we say garage, 
  not exactly a snack , and not year round , but fucking stollen . 
  the germans knew what they were doing with that one . 
  also i think they 're called poffortjes or something ? 
  the little dutch pancake dumpling things, 
  garage  in all seriousness , [ here 's a guide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvjgcv35jky ), 
  yessss lads, 
  you 're the ultimate net contributor in the european union, 
  [ dunno ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/50/viking_expansion.svg/800px-viking_expansion.svg.png ),
