deal :d, 
  i agree with you , but i am trying to perceive indulgently things like this especially if intentions were good . 
  there are some jerks that worship stalin and i feel shame for it but is not too much because of there are some weirdo project it on all population ? 
  for simple citizen of middle class life in russia not much differ than in europe as a whole . 
  i am really sorry that some people did n't get understand the point of the post which is , despite all geopolitical mess , regular ordinary people are able to preserve normal relationship and enjoy together some shared events . 
  that is all . 
  that is not about politics but rather about war memory . 
  today in russia we love modern germany and their products , what is wrong to buy them ? 
  wed do n't get them for free , we buy them with our money . 
  usa were our allies in those time , and despite bad political relationships with them today , we love them too as we , young generation grew up in their culture . 
  why so need there to oppose one each other ? 
  ca n't we just forget all our squabbles at least for one day ? 
  why could be it ironic ? 
  what has common modern germany with nazi ? 
  besides it is just for fun , kind of cosplay , why so serious ? 
  the event was also attended by many armenians , moldovans , chechens , etc. 
  it had a lot of country 's flags . 
  although it was not without some excesses - because too large convoy of vehicles to the rally , which impede traffic police stopped the column to move forward . 
  but overall it was fun and had a great atmosphere of friendliness, 
  slogan that became a meme in runet, 
  it was spontaneous choice , related to sarcasm i guess . 
  this phrase is repeated so often around that it got kind of annoying , some people literally start every sentence with it and ends with it . 
  i understand what you mean , hope one day our countries will come to agreement . 
  what if we start right here ? 
  i , from my side , can answer on `` ask a russian '' . 
  and since you are estonian , i would ask : 1 ) what places are worth of visiting in estonia ? 
  2 ) do you think there are chances for improvement of estonian-russian relationship and what steps should be made for it ? 
  3 ) what are fashion trends in your country ? 
  4 ) could you link some cool recipes of estonian cuisine ? 
  * do you feel connection with your european ancestry background ? 
  * i have noticed that regular americans more concerned about celebrity stars lives than about geopolitics , is it true ? 
  * do you share the opinion americans and russians so similar that are like two sides of the same coin ? 
  * what future do you see for europe from american viewpoint ? 
  it is true , there are a lot of people supporting crimea event and at the same time being pro-eu and strongly opposing putin with his politics on other issues . 
  no never had the flair , check my history comments . 
  though i have been in ukraine . 
  are n't these jokes too tiresome lately ? 
  for fashion purpose could you show some examples of good haircut ? 
  i do n't know , i just love to cook . 
  and all of my friends too , at least they know how to cook , in my opinion it is still pretty traditional thing . 
  it is slur , and it is offensive , the same about `` ukrops '' . 
  if you ca n't express your arguments in polite constructive way do n't consider yourself superior to others . 
  you ca n't claim someone with derogatory terms just because you disagree with them , it is not civilized, 
  something tells me you [ would like ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qa9re ) :d, 
  hey guys , how about we ban both words - `` ukrops '' and `` vatnicks '' ? 
  peace, 
  thanks :3, 
  welcome to [ gubaha ] ( http://vk.com/gubahacom )  2 hours from perm to the mountains, 
  ca n't say for other regions but here these are pretty common faces . 
  pics were taken mostly in the centre of city with people of middle class . 
  of course you can find some degraded and drunken faces if you go in a bad neighborhood, 
  might be one of the version that photograph is a man so he looked for a girls . 
  i would not say that men in russia are ugly , them just less in number than women . 
  though it is true , omsk has reputation to be one of them most depressive cities of russia . 
  definitely logical, 
  maybe otherwise ? 
  perm is known to have had a lot of gulags camps, 
  russia is multinational country . 
  i myself have tatar , jew , polish , belorrussian/russian roots . 
  yes , possibly . 
  i also think that , from my own observation , statistic is much affected by those who fell down on social ladder in 90s , when they undermined their health . 
  i do n't have any information black market , ca n't say . 
  here people just buy them in the stores . 
  basically one pack of winston is about 70-80 rubles . 
  i guess it was some sarcasm . 
  but only residues and remnants of 90s still drink cheap alcohol . 
  in russia it is forbidden to smoke around public places , forbidden to smoke in bars and restaurants . 
  need to to say that law was changed and toughened not so long ago , they also greatly raised the prices on cigarettes . 
  and in general it is not trendy nowdays . 
  i myself still smoke :(, 
  are you sure it is not your own experience bias because of your inner circle of communication ? 
  you ca n't see such huge number in reality . 
  when i went to uni from my entire group only about 6-7 out of 30 people went to smoke outside between lesson breaks . 
  well at least i did n't insult you, 
  that is my personal observation . 
  do you maybe have opposite researches and dates to state otherwise ? 
  how precisely you disagree with my comment and on what factual information it is based ? 
  okay , let 's see the story behind of it . 
  [ this one ] ( http://perpetualkid.com/iplunge-phone-stand.html ) clearly not russian , right ? 
  so one man saw this item and [ joked ] ( http://geektimes.ru/post/97956/ ) about it making similar pics . 
  do staging humorous photos fit to category `` oh those weird russians '' ? 
  you decide, 
  to be precise 70 % of content of this sub and in general of all pics marked as `` only in soviet russia '' came from ex-ussr countries and eastern europe . 
  some even were photos of american rednecks, 
  [ he is not ] ( http://lenta.ru/news/2014/06/27/dugin/ ) . 
  and also why you selectively picked him but not others ? 
  there are tons of ` heads of departments '' with different views , by the way in moscow they tend to be very liberal, 
  i really ca n't understand why some people here promote aleksandr dugin and trying to make him look like he is some influential person while he is considered to be total freak in russia . 
  so much tin-foil conspiracy . 
  both . 
  no because it helps to unify people , it give us opportunity to communicate . 
  and also english is pretty easy to learn comparing to other languages . 
  and no because it boost to lose diversity and individualism of each nations turning us into the same people which maybe even is good - less differences lead to more consonant . 
  globalization, 
  sadly , ukraine goes full russian 's 90s, 
  oh thanks , my night will be accompanied with nice music , listening now . 
  really similar , though woman looks older than man . 
  he is handsome one, 
  you are cute < 3, 
  yes him too , of course .
