it 's probably so you can see the gaping holes before you drive into them . 
  i 'm guessing it is more l\u00ebtzebuernglish than dunglish seeing as he/she is from luxembourg 'n all . 
  not really it opens up the world basically . 
  it 's good for the brain and speaking multiple languages is quite handy for a lot of things . 
  if the world would speak dutch on a grand scale it would limit the need for me to speak other languages ( although i like learning other languages ) . 
  missing quite a few . 
  most have been addressed already apart from letzebeurgisch ` ech ' ( luxemburg ), 
  i dislike the old design and i dislike this . 
  it 's boring . 
  ah is that what you are doing . 
  i find calling somebody names or using argument ad hominem such a piss poor way of having a discussion ( whether you are right or not ) , i tend to stop contributing . 
  it 's not worth my time . 
   all your accountings are so exact ? 
  it 's some 300 years not 400 . 
  indeed you 're right 300 , my mistake . 
  i somehow imagined to be in the year 2113 . 
  i think i need coffee . 
   do some research on it , dummy i see you 're running out of arguments . 
  have a nice day . 
  actually , no . 
  it is a buy-back clause . 
  spain has right of first refusal to buy back , not a veto over . 
  so , no . 
  gibraltar can be independent , like canada is or australia . 
  where the british crown in the capacity of ` monarch of ... ' is still in charge , by-passing the right of first refusal clause . 
  exactly , it 's ludicrous . 
   afaik , according to the original treaty governing the status of gibraltar , spain has a veto over any change . 
  ( part of ) article x ( of the treaty of utrecht ) * the catholic king does hereby , for himself , his heirs and successors , yield to the crown of great britain the full and entire propriety of the town and castle of gibraltar , together with the port , fortifications , and forts thereunto belonging ; and he gives up the said propriety to be held and enjoyed * ** absolutely with all manner of right for ever , without any exception or impediment whatsoever . ** [ ... 
  ] * ( my emphasis )  considering how close spain is to gibraltar , the smart move would have been to accept the proposal about shared sovereignty under the spanish and british crown , imo . 
  why would that have been smart ? 
  gibraltar as far as i know is doing great as it is . 
  why would it have been smart to change that ? 
   but they stubbornly rejected it ah so now enjoying your right to self-determination is stubbornly rejecting , is it ? 
  so if tomorrow the netherlands tells sweden it wants joint sovereignty over swedish territory , and the swedes say ` wtf , get lost . ', 
  sweden is stubbornly rejecting this ? 
  thanks for the heads up , i 'll have the paperwork ready by tomorrow . 
   and something tells me these `` excessive '' border checks would n't have happened either , if only they had n't started building that `` artificial reef '' to block spanish boats . 
  and something tells me this is n't the first time that spanish ( fishing ) boats have been the source of controversy in european waters . 
   gibraltar needs to accept the fact that they are not fully independent , and will never be , and so any dispute with spain should have been left alone and dealt with through the uk , instead of them making that rather provocative `` reef building '' - move on their own . 
  gibraltar does n't have to accept anything that it does n't want to . 
  and spain needs to man the fuck up and stop being a petulant little child . 
   in 2002 the gibraltarians rejected a joint uk-spanish proposal for shared sovereignty , so i 'm not very sympathetic to their problems . 
  it 's all pretty much self-imposed . 
  wait , so because they do n't want to suddenly give another country sovereignty over them ( after 400 years ) you 've lost sympathy for them ? 
  then it suddenly is self-imposed ? 
  how odd . 
  spain has no claim on the country . 
  it 's behaving like a petulant child . 
  yep did the same thing . 
  was slightly disappointed . 
  [ orin kerr - tsarnaev and miranda rights ] ( http://is.gd/52kfue ) - there seems to be confusion even in the us about ` the right ' to have your miranda rights read out to you . 
  there does n't seem to be such right per se , but it only comes in play when it proceeds to a trial before a judge and even then there is a possibility to have an exception . 
  it 's absurd . 
  there is no middle way . 
  you either pay rent that is way beyond anybody 's means renting a shitty apartment with one bedroom , or you have to buy a house that is way overpriced . 
  yet you get zilch in support . 
  we 're lucky to have been able to buy an affordable apartment . 
  we bought it at the height of the housing boom , and we specifically chose to not max out the mortgage and live within our means . 
  this is getting harder and harder . 
  however , people like you who are caught in between are pretty much fucked . 
  the problem is the housing shortage , local councils involved in selling of land at extreme prices , developers that were charging a fortune and banks selling high mortgages as if it was nothing . 
  and people in rent-controlled houses that can afford to buy a house , but are staying put . 
  but i am getting sick of people blaming those that bought an apartment or house for getting handouts , whilst they themselves are in rent-controlled and additional subsidised housing being `` frugal '' . 
  i 've seen couples without children living in family-sized rent-controlled homes with a garden and parking complaining about the hypotheekrenteaftrek . 
  i can only afford an apartment with 1 bedroom and a small boxing room , without the hypotheekrenteaftrek that is nigh on impossible . 
  which leaves me having to sell my apartment at a loss , having to move into a shitty rental , paying at a minimum of $ 1000 a month in rent ( without amenities ) . 
  i would be frugal too if i had some money left over at the end of the month . 
   real frugal dutch are renting and saving money ah yes it is so easy to say that if you 're living in state subsidised ( huursubsidie ) and rent controlled ( sociale woningen ) housing and not moving out when you do n't need it . 
  real frugal . 
  for those that are n't allowed in there because they are above the threshold ( for instance when moving back from the uk to nl ) . 
  the non-capped rental market ( vrije huursector ) has extortionate pricing . 
  then you 're pretty much royally fucked . 
  it was and still is cheaper to buy your own house . 
  also let 's scrap the huursubsidie first and add scheefwoontax ( increase in rent of social housing for those that are earning lots and not moving out ) , and then we 'll talk about scrapping de hypotheekrenteaftrek . 
  is it going to be overpriced and have a crappy service ? 
  you irish will congenially invite them in , have a drink with them and have them die of alcohol poisoning after which michael flately and his crew will stamp the survivors to death . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll add that to my reading list . 
  he was such a brilliant writer . 
  does anybody have some insight into his non-fiction work ? 
  i have always wanted to read some of it but never got around to it . 
  any tips ? 
  the danger is that people forgo critical thinking for magical thinking . 
  just like religion sometimes . 
  when god will cure me if i pray is favoured to taking a course of antibiotics fixable things can become non-fixable . 
  the same goes for homeopathy . 
  this is part of how it is presented namely as a valid option next to regular medicine . 
  it is n't . 
  http://whatstheharm.net/homeopathy.html homeopathy like a lot of other alternative medicine philosophies has an undercurrent of thought that attacks regular medicine . 
  it also targets the vulnerable people that have nowhere else to go when regular medicine runs out of options . 
  the idea that big-pharma or other medical companies or doctors are actively withholding cures or meds because they aim for big profits is a favoured trope . 
  this often goes together with some cognitive dissonance as alternative medicine , the supplements and therapies are rather expensive as well . 
  it 's a bit archaic but ' t is schier onmogelijk is still used . 
  you 'd think that being a dutch brand , they 'd at least get the dutch one correct . 
  here 's my two cents . 
  i think one of the problems is that technically you do n't have a * passport * , rather you have a * travel document * . 
  there is a legal difference . 
  the schengen area is rather complex especially when you are a third-country national . 
  by default you do not have freedom of movement in the schengen area . 
  theoretically , your residence permit from sweden should give you freedom of movement in the schengen area , but you have to have a valid travel document/passport to enter the schengen area ( the validity to be determined by the countries in the schengen area themselves ) .
