  http://www.salon.com/2015/03/27/amanda_knox_verdict_the_real_evidence_and_why_almost_everything_you_think_you_know_about_the_case_is_wrong/ for anyone wondering how people could still have questions about knox given most american 's view of the case . 
  trust me mate , this is n't the first time i 've engaged in this kind of discussion with our fine friends in the south and the script very rarely changes person to person . 
  it means what it says , that the argentine people are wilfully ignorant of the suffering their belligerence has inflicted and continues to inflict upon the people of the islands . 
  it 's something which most of the worlds populace can see and is why argentina 's position finds so few friends and allies among well informed and decent people . 
  you guys are the bad guys ( assuming you are argentine ) in all of this and you 're tragically convinced that you 're in the right and it 's this conviction of righteousness coupled with narcissism and arrogance on a national scale that allows you to be so blas\u00e9 about making the lives of people who have done you no harm so difficult . 
  hey now son there 's nothing more british than non-muslim terrorists , we had christian irish terrorists bombing us way before bin laden made islamic terror jihad cool . 
  presumably an unconscious persons breathing would be steadier as long as the air quality remained the same , a concious persons breathing might change as they become more afraid or excited or whatever . 
  that 's only an armchair guess though . 
  `` he was noted as being exceptionally poor at flight simulators ... '', 
  then you 're a blind man , but i suppose it 's not surprising if you 're an argie afterall the islanders do n't exist . 
  they have to live with the belligerence of argentina , getting falkland flagged ships banned from latin american ports , the threat to close the vital air route to chile , the casual dismissal of their right to self determination & the never ending quest to annex them into a foreign and culturally alien state , the continued presence of argentine landmines , aggressive actions aimed at harming the falkland fishing industry , threats to oil exploration , the list goes on . 
  so yes i do see interference with people 's lives , these people have never harmed argentina but they have to live under constant stress and military protection because whenever the argentine government seriously fucks up ( or ever few years as it 's known everywhere else ) they can beat the drums and deflect the mindless nationalism of the argentine people away from themselves and onto a tiny group of british people minding their own business 500 miles away from argentina . 
  thanks yoda maybe you could pass that message on to the argentine populace and get them to let the islanders get on with their lives in peace . 
  how to find some english americans who made it big in the us : open your wallet , remove the notes , look at the guys on said notes . 
  spoiler alert : it 's because the right to self determination interferes with their loony jingoistic victim narrative . 
  ` we want the land these people live on and have lived on for centuries because it was on our maps as ours for 13 years 170 years ago , waaa waaa imperialism , pity us white european ~ ~ children of ~ ~ victims of imperialism in south america . 
  our precious rocks 500 miles from our land have nasty people living on them who do n't want to join glorious economic titan argentina but do n't listen to them because they 're the product of imperialism and are squatting on the ancient land of the white anglo-german-spanish argentinian native people . ', 
  cry me a fucking river you hypocritical bastards and stop letting your political masters use your pavlovian response to ` las malvinas son argentinas ' to distract you from the thorough shafting they 're giving your country . 
  [ hawaiian state flag is best state flag . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_hawaii ), 
  serious answer is that the union flag is made up of the flags of the three kingdoms that made up the union england , scotland and ireland . 
  wales was n't a kingdom ( it had been annexed into the kingdom of england and become a principality ) so it was n't important enough to add . 
  140/141 put serbia in bosnia, 
  nothing like a good does of sanctimonious condescension to help win hearts and minds . 
   we 've tried everything and we 've failed , so here 's something that sounds like a million ragtime-era dentist drills going off in unison . 
  hope you choke on it . 
  every so often something like this will come along and remind me why i love this country so much . 
  as the author of the article points out you have to be careful not to be swept up in the american myth of self-importance , it really was n't that big of a deal to european history . 
  it was a major world conflict but it certainly was n't ww1 before ww1 and i have only ever seen this proposed by americans . 
  your conflicts were not insignificant but the response to feeling historically under represented can not be to compare what at it 's heart was still a contained domestic strife between two ultimately mismatched powers to the clash of vast empires that drew in most of the worlds population and set the stage for a second darker clash of civilisations . 
  the contemporary effect of the american civil war in europe were mainly restricted to economic hardships for areas that depended on southern cotton imports which was significant at the time but hardly earth shattering . 
  writers and sympathetic figures highlighted by the article like marx had a greater effect on europe but none of them were solely or even mainly dependent on the us civil war to shape their theories and writings . 
  slapping a label on something you do n't agree with to allow you to avoid engaging with it is internet 101 but it 's also ignorant and dangerous because it creates an echochamber . 
  they may be wrong but just dismissing anyone out of hand particularly with such a paper thin excuse as published british academics = kremlin propagandists because they disagree with your point of view does a tremendous disservice to the whole european debate . 
  bad history is still bad history and it makes my skin crawl in all cases . 
  the sad state of history education is that most of it passes through some sort of ideological filter on it 's way to students which is wrong regardless of the nature of said filter . 
  i always felt that history education should be about giving people as many of the facts as possible as honestly as possible and letting them use their own critical thinking to make judgements about the implications and impacts of events . 
  simple geography really destroyed your sense of citizenship ? 
  you just have to pay extra for it at most places . 
  if you wanted to you could always jump the ferry over from holyhead or liverpool to dublin . 
  bit of a ball ache but still doable in a car . 
  they 've had the referendum already , the original won . 
  you were the one lining junker up as spokesman for our closest partners not me . 
  also as a former pm his is inexorably linked to his past . 
  however i was being facetious . 
  you 're happy enough to pontificate on the minds of the british people from the outside so by all means enlighten me , what demographic group in the uk thinks the eu is a guarantor of our security ? 
  as briton i 'm fascinated to learn every insight i can from someone who really knows the british people and all their permutations . 
  i say that as a pro-eu voter the one thing junker did get right is that every time he opens his mouth to talk on this issue he pushes more people into the leave camp . 
  i did n't realise luxembourg was one of our closest partners and allies . 
  junker fundamentally does n't understand the mindset of the british people , for the millionth time we do n't see the eu as a guardian of our peace so that argument falls of deaf ears . 
  the more people carp on about it to us the more disconnected they make themselves appear . 
  i say this as someone who is almost certainly going to vote to remain please shut junker and his ilk up . 
  he ca n't even be quiet about being quiet for fucks sake did he think speaking in german would somehow allow him to elude the gaze of the british media ? 
  the article was about the bombing of heligoland during the war not an essay on the complete history of the island , get over yourself . 
  london is n't in the midlands . 
  which is exactly what i would expect from my own experience and interactions . 
  what were you expecting to see ? 
  did n't agree with it then , do n't agree now but either way it failed so luckily it makes no difference . 
  a scotsman living in england had no stake in whether scotland became a separate country from england ? 
  but t-thats special treatment , something only the uk wants . 
  france would surely drop all objections in a heartbeat once they realised that it was for the collective good of europe . 
  we are the big boys mate . 
  sadly if we were going to do that we 'd have used this chance to tackle the proper european reforms , stop the movable feast to strasbourg , reform the cap or try to enact a stronger more cohesive border strategy . 
  instead we got a shitty platitudes that will have next to no effect in the long run because our government think we 're idiots who when we say we want a reformed eu mean we want exactly the same eu but with a few pieces of paper saying we 're special . 
  his scouse was shite too . 
  thanks for posting this , it was a really interesting event definitely worth watching . 
  personally i thought the first half with rifkind was the more informative because as the host pointed out it came across as very real world . 
  the second half is still worth watching but it definitely went with the fearmongering approach with one eye on convincing the watching public rather than approaching it as a hypothetical real world scenario . 
  have more faith in your compatriots and your values . 
  to live in fear of popular opinion is to live in fear of democracy , follow that line of reasoning and you end up alongside the hypothetical autocrats and dictators you seem to be so afraid are lurking amongst the general populace . 
  oops my bad . 
  it 's not easy to tell the real ones from the jokes on this particular issue . 
  any suppression of ideas is thought policing , regardless of whether you think the ideas should be suppressed or not . 
  the german constitution should be strong enough to resist critics on its own merits without needing to silence them . 
  let idiots go around asking people to cast of the shackles of freedom and democracy all they want . 
  their ideology is fucking stupid and letting them speak lets them show how stupid it is to everyone . 
  silencing them is the same as running away from a fight it makes it seem like you 're afraid to engage them in the open because you 're worried people might find merit in what they have to say . 
  all thought police policies are insidious to me . 
  our democracy is strong enough to survive people calling for its downfall without a law to silence them . 
  what kind of insidious big brother society do you imagine we live in ? 
  current muslim population of the uk is ~ 3 million , total population of the uk is ~ 65 million people . 
  if those women can pump out 62 million kids in the next 5 years then frankly they deserve to take over . 
  as it turns out we 're almost completely in agreement , only part i would disagree with is the ` potential extinction ' part , there was never any danger that everyone in ireland would die . 
  i appreciate it may sound like splitting hairs but as an event it was horrific enough on its own to not need melodrama . 
  i 'm english as are my parents and grandparents and although i like ireland i do n't have that misplaced irish identity ( we 're british not american afterall ) . 
  so i 'm not angry at britain but nor do i feel any guilt for the actions of the victorian government . 
  as a nation we 're not god 's gift to mankind but nor are we the devil . 
  the rest of your post it completely accurate and again i agree that the irish are a culture rather than a race but regarding the descendants of a specific event rather than the irish in general my point still stands . 
  there is no one alive who was directly affected by the famine and so the modern irish claims to grievance which some people put forward are no more valid for them than they are for many englishmen , scots or welshmen whose relatives were also caught up in events . 
  the famine is to genocide what manslaughter is to murder . 
  also you 're right about depopulation but emigration was as much a factor as death and britons of irish descent outnumber the irish proper , myself included . 
  it 's a reason that many irish people ignore when they want hangwringing and guilt from the british . 
  i am as much a product of the famine as you and there are more of us than there are of you . 
  should i be angry at myself ? 
  technically he subjugated territory not a race . 
  i get what you 're saying but cecil rhodes did n't conquer all black people and he was also a key driving force behind the conquest of the white boer free states as well . 
  the days of slavery ? 
  the slavery abolition act was passed in 1833 , cecil rhodes was only born in 1853 . 
  by all means be against him for being a fervent colonialist or a racist but not for being a slaver . 
  amazon should pay its taxes before it starts trekking to the moral high ground .
