  there are obviously similarities between all the anglosphere nations because they share a common cultural heritage but there are definitely more areas of cultural overlap between the uk and oz than between either the uk and us or australia and us . 
  the idea that aus = can = us with the uk floating disconnectedly off in space does n't hold water . 
  or maybe germans and danes would both live in greater england and the welsh would roam free across britain . 
  where in the uk are you from mate ? 
  i found aussies to be the most similar to brits of any nation and i would seriously contend with the fact that they are n't a working class people . 
  they have far less regard for religion than the us similar to the uk , a similar social culture ( common drink culture ) , shared social values ( collective care over individualism , gun control , drinking age ect . 
  ) , a similar vein of underlying xenophobia , comparable political spectrum , many shared sports , the list goes on . 
  also language should n't to be underestimated , a shared ease with swearing between the uk and oz hints at shared social norms that are distinct from us/canada as well as the fact that both na countries have significant non-anglophone populations . 
  not to mention the demographics , ~ 80 % of the population are descended from either british or irish migrants and britons are one of if not the largest immigrant group in australia . 
  i 'm curious to hear how our pacific and north american cousins are so similar to each other and distinct from us here on blighty . 
  i 'd also be genuinely interested to hear how you managed to find australia more like germany than the uk and how canada and the us are ` virtually identical ' . 
  i think you can both agree that the land rightfully belongs to its original people , the angles , and their descendants the english . 
  [ courtesy of frankie boyle ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzk6cxnrruc ), 
  well that and losing ww1 . 
  [ just for you mate ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3vfzxg4olfq ), 
  talk to the turks , we just took them into protective custody after ww1 they were ottoman territories for a whole lot longer . 
  i mean besides iraq , which we only had for 14 years , and yemen those are some pretty stable middle eastern countries , not really bastions of liberal western democracy but more stable than their neighbours . 
  i know man , wiping out our druids was out of line . 
  well since we 're about to get rid off those pesky scots how about we get the old [ band ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_sea_empire ) back together ? 
  that 's how london has always been . 
  before the pakistanis and somalis it was afro-carribbeans before them the irish , eastern european and russian jews , french protestants and so on . 
  besides the uk has 6 times the population of sweden so we can absorb more , the influx of so many people will cause major demographic changes in sweden . 
  tuition fees are the go to example , in scotland university is free but not in england . 
  the tories have raised the amount unis are allowed to charge during this parliament but the initial transition in england and wales from free to priced education was passed by a labour government under blair and it only did so because he had enough scottish labour mps to tip the [ vote ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_lothian_question#background ) . 
  it did n't put off the chinese in korea did it ? 
  just another standard piece by a child of two cultures writing a piece that attempts make tenuous links appear stronger than they are . 
  understandable but not really that informative . 
  get prince phillip on there and i 'll throw a couple of quid your way . 
  an impressive feat for a man with 0 mps . 
  uk - constitutional monarchy not republic , more importantly it has an uncodified constitution & parliamentary sovereignty which means that no parliament can bind its successor and there is no overriding constitutional document so all laws and stated rights are mutable . 
  strongbow is tramp swill but it is cheap , the student and alcoholic 's friend . 
  as for alcoholic ` fizzy apple juice ' that is pretty much the dictionary definition of any cider so i thought you meant you 'd never heard of apple based alcohol which , as i 'm sure you can understand , shook me to my core . 
  who are you and how have you grown up in the uk without learning about cider ? 
  same with jefe in spanish, 
  it 's a * very * old joke and i think it has something to do with the old stereotype that the french are lazy and workshy so their mechanic work would be half arsed . 
  i think but i 'm not 100 % that the stereotype came from the perception , particularly in the 70 's and 80 's , that the french worked less days and shorter hours than the brits or the germans . 
  as for the swiss it is pretty random , but probably comes from the idea that the swiss are boring so would be boring lovers . 
  which seems to be an arbitrary stereotype and i 've no idea of its origins but then i 've never met a swiss person so i could n't comment on either their boringness or their capability as lovers . 
  also it should be noted that nothing kills a good joke like an explanation and for that i apologise . 
  democracy bitch , the tyranny of the majority . 
  if racists form the majority sad day for everyone else , educate the electorate , reason with them and try to shift the popular opinion in your favour until then you have to pay the price for living in a system that gives the people the power to chose their leaders . 
  which , i hasten to add , they have n't done in ukip 's case in any general elections . 
  regardless , you completely dodged the point of the man 's response , you were given a list of large scale white on white migration that caused tension , to which i will add the more historical example of the irish in britain , ` no dogs , no blacks , no irish ' ect . 
  large scale movements of one culture group into another always causes friction and always will , the settlement of han chinese in tibet is an example that has nothing to do with mean old whitey . 
  now i fail to see any point to your highschool level strawman ramblings other than wanking off your own egotistical superiority complex but if you want to come back and make a coherent point regarding immigration i 'm all ears . 
  but she has to be put through the same mill as everyone else , we ca n't just wave her through without due judicial process . 
  no non-eu citizen has an inherent right to like and work here , in all likely hood she will be fine , but until she is given a visa change she has to go through the same rigmarole as a unskilled se asian housewife would even though the outcome may vary . 
  loopholes in the sense that sham marriages exist and having a marriage visa being a 5 year delayed permanent residence visa would seem to create an easily exploited backdoor in the immigration system . 
  that would just seem to add more loopholes and backdoors to an already exploitable point in the visa system . 
  the law has to be blind unfortunately and this woman , despite her obvious good works , has to be treated the same way as everyone else . 
  i suddenly feel the need to go interrailing . 
  well you were invaded and occupied by your friendly southern neighbours to save you from those nasty germans . 
  well apparently , `` no acts of war occurred during the conflict , but britain stationed boats in han\u00f6 , which had been ** invaded ** though sweden did n't try to hinder nor revoke the occupation as it supported the continued trade . '', 
  welcome to the list sweden . 
  we start by conquering a country with ` good ' food , see if any of their muck can be combined well with chips and/or gravy and work out the rest from there . 
  british people usually fall into one of two camps , the ones who love our charming , gastronomically advanced gallic allies and those who hate the winging , stuck-up frogs . 
  also it should be said that even though some people have a problem with the french pretty much every briton likes the country of france , we would n't have spent 100 years trying to add it to england if we did n't . 
  i 'd say the germans have as much respect if not more than the french . 
  germans are the great ` what if ? ', 
  of british history and are admired and mistrusted in equal measure but i would say respect for the german nation is pretty universal . 
  makes a lot of sense going forward . 
  if africa gets its act together , and that 's a big if , it opens up huge new markets for our goods and alleviates migrant pressure on the eu . 
  plenty of positives as far as i can see . 
  everyone needs a hobby i guess . 
  does n't your arm get tired from all the dead horse flogging ? 
  yea !, 
  gas the citizens of the former third reich countries !, 
  they have it coming for the crime of being born to people who were born to people who were possibly alive during that time !, 
  ww1 was not a war against imperialism though , as much as i disagree with the guardians needless and incorrect assault on what is a very reserved and anti-war national remembrance , to apply retrospective justifications to the war is an exercise in futility . 
  after all we did n't liberate anyone , we just changed their imperial masters from german/ottoman ones to british/french ones . 
  welcome to r/europe . 
  if you love the eu the british are your enemy worthy of only contempt and must be constantly told that they do n't belong in europe whilst simultaneously being battered for having the temerity to question their place in europe . 
  a foreign language is compulsory for all state school students for the first 3 years of high school in the uk ( 11-14 ) and french is and always has been the most common choice , concord , eurostar , the norman conquest ect . 
  ect . 
  it 's also often used as the introductory foreign language in primary school so we have a lot more exposure to it than some might think . 
  if films have taught us anything it 's that you ca n't have a space empire/federation without british people . 
  but hey you had the celtic tiger thing for a few years so there 's that . 
  can we just have that magnificent hell beast be the official symbol of ` the west ' from now on ? 
  it looks amazing , having seen both this version and the original i 'm sure it 's supposed to give some sort of negative message about us but all i 'm getting is that we 're a bunch of monstrously terrifying bad asses . 
  maybe you could have a bit more to drink and tone it down on the speed instead . 
  and what 's the point ? 
  it 's just as big a falsehood to pretend that british people do n't want migrants because of where they come from as it is to say all romanians are thieves and beggars . 
  the arrival of skilled workers in needed industries has and will be welcomed in the uk regardless of where they 're from but the arrival of large numbers of unskilled workers into an area where they lower the working conditions of the local labor force ( not through their own choice but by exploitation by employers ) is a concern to people . 
  ukip are xenophobes and are able to prey on these fears by using hyperbole and exaggeration but the need for reform of the systems , particularly social welfare , in the richer eu countries in regards to migrants is both needed and not unique to the uk . 
  to get all sanctimonious about it and ignore the underlying issues suggests either ignorance of the situation or a similar style of hyperbole and scaremongering that ukip is rightly berated for . 
  we are the mainland pal . 
  did n't you guys get the memo that you 're just a really big island off our coast ? 
  how many eu migrants are looking to settle down really ? 
  many people are only looking for a few years of employment before moving on , they may have boyfriends/girlfriends but if they 're eventually going to go back to their home country then i suspect planning for marriage is not really a huge concern . 
  all hail [ poutine ] ( http://www.theknockoffeconomy.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/poutine.jpg ) glorious savior of russia !, 
  i would say that they are imperialistic powers but after suez the back of our imperial ambition was broken by the americans our empires declines but it was n't instantaneous . 
  the greatest disconnect is that i do n't view imperialism as the big bad . 
  i appreciate that america has used a lot of anti-imperialism in defining it 's national self image ( although the founding fathers were quite fond of the idea of an american empire ) and as such it has become a dirty word in america like ` socialist ' . 
  when i call america imperialist i am merely stating the facts as i see them i am not using it as an insult as someone from a post colonial nation might . 
  there are many forms of imperialism and each new empire learns from the old as such the term also evolves perhaps we 'll just have to agree to disagree on the definition . 
  go back and read my post that not what i 'm saying , in fact we 're pretty much in agreement but because you arrived with the ` conspiracy theory ' narrative you 're trying to cram a square peg into a round hole . 
  how many people who believe in a conspiracy will tell you they do n't believe in a conspiracy when you want to discuss it with them ? 
  countries change their plans based on how the world changes which is what i said , i also never said they lack independent agency . 
  i have the agency to punch mike tyson in the nuts but i would n't because he is vastly more powerful than me similarly if we were locked in a lift or a prison cell together i would be inclined to do what he said if it was more reasonable than receiving a beating . 
  we 're all stuck on earth together and because america is the most powerful nation on the planet other countries are easily caught in its influence .
