  did n't know you people still used your legs , surely you would just run it over with your mobility scooter instead ? 
  immigration not asylum . 
  that 's a fact mate whether you like it or not . 
  that is what he was saying , to which the other poster responded that despite germany having a larger population than france - and so is even more able to get by without day to day english - germans do n't have the same apathy towards learning the english language . 
  learn french and you can speak to a frenchman learn english and you can speak to half the world . 
  did argentina sneak into the eu when i was n't looking ? 
  he was replying to your countryman who seemed to be implying that france is too big to bother with english . 
  yes they were . 
  the fall of rome in 476ad ended the period of late antiquity and began the early middle ages , the high middle ages began in the year 1000 ad and ran until ~ 1300 then the late middle ages began and continued up until the fall of constantinople in 1453 began the early modern period . 
  so 1000 years ago in 1015 ad it was the early years of the high middle ages . 
  the difference is the rest of the uk can out vote london but it ca n't out vote brussels , it 's not a difficult concept really . 
  he 's basically the reverse farage , nothing more nothing less . 
  put us in our place , new europe is best europe . 
  we 're just holding them all back mein freund . 
  i think that 's a picture from the iranian nuclear talks . 
  there 's far too many mentions of the uk for it to be like eurovision . 
  hey do n't worry i 'll be your friend . 
  now as my friend can you do me a favour and stop arguing with the nice german man and just give him what he wants ? 
  thanks pal . 
  still a cultural victory . 
  you did n't beat the ussr by begin better at science you beat them by being better at pr . 
  you determined that the ` space race ' was not won by getting into space first , nor was it won by getting the first orbiting satellite , or the first living creature into space , or even the first man . 
  the poor soviets never had a chance . 
  this is an old map that comes up every few months , it was likely cutting edge when it first surfaced but that was probably years ago . 
  here 's a tip for you kiwis : go silent . 
  the way the world works now if you hardly ever surface in the world news sphere aside from the odd plucky underdog story or feel-good piece people will project their hopes and dreams onto you and elevate your nation to a level somewhere between valhalla and shangri-la . 
  then you can surface every once in a while on reddit , make a joke about how great you are and farm the sweet sweet internet points . 
  if you want someone to change their mind you have to engage them in a discussion , you ca n't brow beat people into thinking like you . 
  ignoring peoples ' fears and frustrations without trying to understand them will serve you in the same way that ignoring a fire in your living room will stop it from burning down your house . 
  you 're clearly lying . 
  we all know the only sound anyone hears in the uk these days is the screams of the foreign born as they are burned alive inside wickermen as sacrifices to our new god nigel farage . 
  brain drain is a thing that exists internally within the uk too . 
  the main economic policy of this country since thatcher has been put as many resources into london and the south east as possible and have that be the driving force in the country until someone in the future comes along and figures out how to bring prosperity back to the de-industrialised areas . 
  but what tends to happen in cases like that is many talented people produced in the rest of the country relocate down south to the area with the best jobs and best prospects so those areas get even richer and the regions that these people originate from lose out . 
  increasing inequality . 
  i 'm sure many of you guys in eastern europe have an idea of what i 'm talking about . 
  why is this being presented as a gendered issue ? 
  are any of the areas that are failing poor girls not failing poor boys ? 
  it 's just the latest fad to be embraced by the perennial class of virtue signalling do-gooders . 
   that dreary tribe of high-minded women and sandal-wearers and bearded fruit-juice drinkers who come flocking towards the smell of ` progress ' like bluebottles to a dead cat . 
  george orwell wrote that in 1937 but it might as well have been written this morning . 
  we call them champagne socialists . 
  in the real world what will likely happen is you will need to show passports or ni/roi id when crossing from the island of ireland to great britain rather than on the irish border . 
  it will likely happen the same way we did tuition fee increases and students will stay on the rates they started at so there 's no need to worry . 
  hey we tried to stop him . 
  england has the overwhelming majority of the uk 's population , we outnumber the other three nations combined by roughly 5-1 . 
  so a referendum like that would have ended up however england wanted it to end up . 
  did n't you know ? 
  only the toughest guys in the world can kick the shit out of an unconscious person . 
  it 's a special technique reserved for the manliest of macho men . 
  i 'm not saying that the council did a good job but rather that i do n't believe a commission attempting to usurp the councils power in the midst of a crisis would have been a preferable alternative . 
  also please define the common good . 
  what potential policies do you think are good for everyone including the ` big three ' but are being blocked by the power of the council ? 
  honestly i have to tell you i think that 's very naive . 
  an arch federalist , whose response to every crisis would be ` more europe ' would not have been a better run commission it is one that would have rapidly found itself at loggerheads with member states . 
  it was a pragmatic choice not to have an idealist in charge because the power then and still today mainly rests with the council not the commission and the more compliant the commission president the easier it was for the council to get things done . 
  the uk held the eu back by preventing someone who you identify with politically from being president . 
  wow how else can we save the eu by appeasing you ? 
  a fanatical federalist president does n't equal a better eu . 
  also i was under the impression that editorialising titles was against the rules . 
  i do n't see why you felt the need to do it just the fellate the reputation of some no-name hack journalist . 
  not true , we are also masters of `` la cuenta por favor '' . 
  well technically it is , the word welsh literally means foreign in old english . 
  the guardian has just been the left wing daily mail for years , if you agree politically with either and want your world view reinforced they 're the place to be . 
  still at least it 's not as mental as the independent . 
  ca n't say i 've ever considered the belgians anglophobes myself , the french sure but never the belgians . 
  it 's not funny because of the monarchy but because the `` my right '' part of `` god and my right '' is the british monarch 's right to the throne of france . 
  it 's no ones mistake , it 's not even a mistake imo it 's just how the world is . 
  it does n't mean we do n't like other european countries . 
  the problem is we have ` kindred nations ' that we feel an emotional bond to but they 're the other anglos not our european neighbours . 
  i agree , journalists always seem to go over the top with their one liners during tragedies like this . 
  eta the basque separatists . 
  ah cybernats , how we 've missed your erudite charms . 
  the reconquista took place over centuries , it had no single leader . 
  ferdinand and isabella were the monarchs who took granada and completed the reconquista and are probably the most famous ones . 
  1,2,3,6 & 10 what kind of monster decided to translate the series in that order ? 
  whats that got to do with anything ? 
  you did n't say anything about pr just that people you did n't vote for rule over you , you know like any parliament where you do n't have a majority share of the voters . 
  the uk is , like scotland , able to be outvoted by others because it does n't have a majority of the eu population , having a say does n't mean getting you own way , that 's what snp supporters have completely lost sight of . 
  as seen with their stunning brexit ` compromise ' of `` we 'll stay in the uk and keep getting those english subsidies and we 'll act as a defacto independent country by also staying in the single market with free movement but no internal uk border thanks . '', 
  please state how westminster has an ` absolute disregard ' for scotland , a country which has its own parliament , over representation in westminster , an unanswered west lothian question , more spending per head than england and which is blatantly favoured with national decisions in order to placate the frothing nats as seen with the closure of ship yards on the south coast to protect scottish jobs . 
  do n't get me wrong i was a remainer so i can see the flaws of brexit but i also think the scots nats are the biggest bunch of hypocritical , whinging shite-hawks in the country . 
  personally i would have liked to hear what sir francis drake 's opinion would have been before i cast my vote . 
  two religions enter , one religion leaves !, 
  they were n't guaranteed a place in the eu they were assured that leaving the uk would mean leaving the eu which was true . 
  just a guess but you might be thinking of a general election where the whole country votes for their mps that happens every 4-5 years . 
  ssshhh do n't give away our post-brexit strategies like that . 
  it wo n't be this year genius . 
  the neverendum . 
  yea because they 're the ones propping up england . 
   if i was consistently ruled over by people i didnt elect and who dont care about me , i would want out too . 
  so brexit then ? 
  great then we 're back to two paramilitary groups murdering each other and anyone else they decide is in their way , problem solved . 
  the same reason republicans do n't just all migrate over the border into the republic , ni is their home . 
  the india/pakistan divide was n't people going back ` where they come from ' it was a massive sectarian divide of a country along religious lines that resulted in huge loss of life . 
  ironic that a video calling on people to learn from the actions of others completely fails to learn the lesson that patronising drivel like this does n't win over the average citizen . 
  you 're right , being formally annexed by the kingdom of england did that . 
  i 'm from merseyside , my friends and i are middle class , university educated , young professionals mainly from the nw of england but with a few home counties southerners thrown in too . 
  almost all of us live/work in either manchester , liverpool or london these days . 
  how reddit still treats it as a reputable source is beyond me .
