  i see now , thanks for clarifying . 
  paralytic is pretty close mate . 
  eating is the same , you ca n't eat liquid blood or eat water , eating just describes the act of moving an object into your stomach via chewing it in your mouth . 
  to feed on something means to ingest it in order to gain sustenance from it , you can not feed on something that does n't sustain you life . 
  for example , you can eat lightbulbs but you ca n't feed on them . 
  plants feed on minerals in the soil but they do n't eat them . 
  it also has an english equivalent , ` scouse ' which is why people call the inhabitants of liverpool scousers . 
  does this replace a word like cringeworthy ? 
  or do you have an equivalent word for that ? 
  you would cut off your nose to spite your face . 
  as the old english saying goes . 
  so would using the word ` perhaps ' be a close approximation ? 
  `` let 's go to the mall , perhaps we will find sergey there . '', 
  `` i ca n't find sergey anywhere . 
  perhaps he 's gone to the mall . '', 
  did this really feel like a big scene change in relations for you irish ? 
  i mean i can only speak as an englishman but as far a i 'm concerned relations with the republic and the mainland have been normalised for years . 
  ni is a different kettle of fish but this to me was just another generic head of state event . 
  mcguiness is another matter but like i said ni is a different beast . 
  it was , they conquered us english and then went for ireland after being brought in as mercenaries but its the old english/british confusion again and eventually ` english ' becomes synonymous with norman because england was their power base and eventually the norman lords swore fealty to the norman kings of the english . 
  a vehement anglophobe said things to attempt to damage anglo-american interests and secure greater french influence by turning europeans against a potentially powerful rival to his/frances european ambitions . 
  it 's not that weird . 
  anglo-scottish-welsh ( non irish british americans ) americans are the biggest ethnic group in the us but the vast majority just refer to themselves as americans so are vastly under-represented on the self reported stats used by those type of polls . 
  [ i know right ? 
  like they committed a crime and were imprisoned for it but now having been released are being deported from the uk to their country of origin . 
  for fucks sake i feel like this lot and their debates are weeks behind us . 
  it is terrifying that people less competent at political discourse than r/europe are running the show . 
  because our government is as susceptible to the media and second guessing the public as any other . 
  when those 500 people drowned all those months ago europe flew into a panic and in their efforts to avoid negative press governments abandoned an otherwise sensible policy . 
  our response is the european response , we do n't act unilaterally in these matters , it is our collective failure to do what 's needed that has made this crisis as bad as it is . 
  fair points well made , it 's a shitty situation for everyone . 
  as i said the action itself was making the best of a bad lot it was what came after that fucked it up . 
  if anything the european media has an awful lot to answer for . 
  but i still think we 're doing too much to reward those trying to force the issue , we need to take control of this crisis on our terms not the terms those trying to enter . 
  in the end though the only way to fix this problem is to help stabilise the middle east , otherwise this crisis will never end and at the moment europe is far to insular to deal with that problem as it needs to be dealt with . 
   so what would the uk have done ? 
  100,000 people between greece and austria . 
  let them starve ? 
  let hungary and serbia deal with it ? 
  put soldiers on our southern border and shoot at whatever moves ? 
  setup some concentration camps in the country side and hide them there ? 
  tell the german population that they are being `` invaded '' and have rednecks `` fighting back '' ? 
  all of the above clearly because erm der bad guy . 
  in actuality as i said in another response to this comment taking in people is a fine response to a bad situation , making a big song and dance about it and how great you are is not and will only encourage more people and exacerbate the problem . 
   talking 20,000 out on some refugee camp ( by the way , germany did this already in 2013 and 2014 each year ! ), 
  will not solve that problem again you missed my point , this is your german hang up , look at how much we did no one does as much as us * wank wank wank * ve are ze kindest of all , no one cares about people like we do * wank wank wank * . 
  taking in migrants is n't a solution you 're treating the symptom not the illness if we do n't find a solution beyond our borders this will never end . 
  europe is like a house with a hole in the roof , water is streaming in constantly but instead of patching the roof we 're fighting about whose going to mop the floor . 
  that 's funny actually because i did n't pull those figures out of my arse , i learned them by reading the uk governments breakdown of aid in syria from a comment that was replying to you . 
  see that ? 
  someone tried to inform you and in the process informed me whilst you apparently remain ignorant . 
  then when i present you with information someone else intended for you that i used to learn and inform myself . 
  you accuse me of being ignorant and relying on my existing prejudices . 
  which in a dramatic twist is * exactly * what you were doing sat with your head firmly up your arse declaring that all aid is bribes . 
  turning the boats around to their points of origin and destroying them disrupts the people smugglers and helps save lives . 
  coupling that with taking people from camps ensures a firm but humane response to the crisis that would see numbers of deaths and total migrants to the eu decline . 
  we may have even been at that point by now if one boat had n't capsized and triggered a press feeding frenzy that generated a panicked response across europe in an attempt to be seen to be doing something . 
  as for the internal stuff that 's not what i have a problem with . 
  take 800,00 migrants if you want , suspend the dublin convention all you like but shut up about it . 
  do it quietly and you can help people without causing an escalation , but when merkel made the announcement she simultaneously sent an invitation to migrants waiting around the med and triggered a response in germany where people fell over themselves to prove how nice they were . 
  making signs and donating old clothes * is * nice but doing it as part of a media blitz rings a gong to hundreds of thousands of people who want a better life . 
  try your luck !, 
  pay your money to the people traffickers and survive the crossing in unseaworthy boats and germany is waiting with all you ever dreamed . 
  we 've room for all and food , clothes and houses , the german people ca n't wait for you to get here . 
  all you have to do is breach the border and you 're home free fuck those other european countries they 're just sitting between you and your new life here in the land of plenty . 
  now that was admittedly hyperbolic but i stand by the general point . 
  the german response will encourage more people to try than otherwise would have ( suddenly everyone is a syrian ) and if more people try more will die because of the nature of the game . 
  it was a blunder on merkel and germany 's part , the road to hell and all that . 
  but not only is this perception spread amongst potential migrants it 's spread throughout eu partners who will then blame merkel/germany for increasing the numbers trying to enter . 
  this will harden their responses to any german demands for quotas and solidarity because germany took this action unilaterally . 
  attempting to strongarm them will win germany few friends either . 
  it was a tactical and diplomatic misstep on a significant scale , something which comfortably within my definition of inept . 
  well it 's not doing us any good , i want our billion pounds of `` bribes '' back , these local elites are n't doing anything we say . 
  maybe it 's because we pay so much of it in food . 
  food rations for a million people for a year , those local elites must be fat as fuck eating up all that , it would n't surprise me if they could n't get out of the house . 
  i can see now why they need 2 million health care appointments between them , they 're clearly living the fucking life of riley at our expense . 
  the criticism was n't that germany was doing enough . 
  we leave that branch of egotistical masturbation to you . 
  our branch of egotistical masturbation is more along the line of your inept attempt to handle this crisis has only exacerbated it and if you followed our approach there would be less internal strife in the eu , less dead babies in the sea and less economic migrants trying to game the system . 
  well if you 're only counting the people who answered ` white british ' on the census they 're already a minority in london they 're still the biggest minority at 45 % but a minority none the less . 
  no but some negotiation would be nice . 
  as in an actual negotiation not the kind you 've gotten used to with greece where ` negotiation ' has become a euphemism for dictating terms . 
  yes the external borders , or frontiers if you will . 
  hence frontex . 
  russia is the border of the eu too , and we 're talking about frontex not migrants . 
  being anti-quota is n't being against helping people . 
  quotas are a stupid idea that not only wo n't work but will draw even more people to try their luck , by effectively ringing the dinner bell . 
  distributing migrants en masse then processing them in rich countries is moronic and will just lead to more economic migrants trying to game the system . 
  the only way i would consider supporting quotas would be if all migrants were processed in their country of arrival , build huge specialist eu migrant centres if needs be . 
  contain them whilst their claims are assessed to stop them doing a runner which happens far far too often here in the uk and across europe , then weed out the economic migrants from the genuine refugees and once that 's done we can talk about sharing out those genuinely needy people . 
  it 's almost as if we 're the european nation furthest from all of europe 's borders . 
  also you seem to forget about the billions of pounds we put into the european pot , contrary to german belief , you do n't pay for everything on your own . 
  lack of solidarity with austria and germany maybe . 
  us and the eastern europeans are having our own little anti-quota solidarity party . 
  and who 's going to pay for all these extra troops ? 
  oh i 'm fully aware of our demographics but my point was we have the freedom to decide any option we like for dealing with them because we do n't have freedom of movement . 
  we do n't have free movement with our former colonies . 
  you were just combining having a good old whinge about the destruction of the community with calls for even more draconian moderation of the community , which is n't ironic in the least . 
  i apologise for my error . 
  the irony of loudly complaining about loud complaining is not lost on you i hope .
