  so do you guys go down the trilingual route in schools ? 
  or does gaelic count as your language option ? 
  1 - well if we 're all in agreement why not just keep it as it is and speak with one voice by agreeing to add our independent voices together so that when we do n't agree we still have a way to speak for ourselves . 
  2 - even in this scenario the uk would get to be the face of a unified eu foreign office nothing more , it would have only as much power as our population gives us in the eu parliament . 
  we could take it over completely tomorrow and would be beholden to the will of the eu parliament coalitions which are dominated by germany whose foreign policy outlook is distinctly different from that of the uk . 
  i did say some . 
  some of the [ stories ] ( http://whatsbalotellidonenow.blogspot.co.uk/ ) do endear him to people . 
  the dutch are no strangers to integrated operations , we 've been working together for 40 [ years ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands_marine_corps#uk.2fnl_landing_force ), 
  i 'm aware of it but i never saw it , we also got round the twist which was a weird aussie kids show . 
  hey now , neighbours and home and away used to be on all the time when i was a kid . 
  i do n't drink that either . 
  i 'm a monster i know . 
  i do n't drink tea . 
  if it was really to do with tobacco the whole thing would n't have kicked off when the gib 's laid the artificial reef , it 's just an excuse to be petty to the people on the rock . 
  henry v has got to be up there . 
  so what you 're saying is that all of this could have been avoided if the ottomans had joined the entente powers rather than the central powers in ww1 and that it is in fact all turkey 's fault ? 
  gg turkey wp . 
  haha touch\u00e9 , no obviously they 're not but they have become indistinguishable from local populations religion aside , there are x nationality jews for whom their religion is the only defining difference and were they to abandon their faith they would disappear into general populace completely . 
  there is also the fact that there are only a few million jews worldwide and they are a tiny group with a small base from which to replenish externally , small groups can cling on in places and not rock the boat at all but the combination of large scale immigration and a refusal to integrate is the basis for a major problem . 
  it definitely does , this is one way in which jews have been able to preserve an identity for hundreds of years despite living in non-jewish and often hostile countries , shared familial ties definitely strengthen bonds between migrants and their adoptive homelands . 
  and i have every right to expect migrants to adapt to my culture if they want to live in my country , maybe not first generations but eventually they should be absorbed into the national body and become part of the firmament adding something as they go . 
  if migrants consistently refuse to integrate over generations then they are n't joining our societies they 're colonising them . 
  turkish immigration to the uk is minimal enough to the point that the turkish community is a non entity on the national scale compared to , say the pakistani community . 
  i can guarantee that i do n't come across/interact with turks regularly in my life but that 's beside the point and you need to calm down , the rest of my post was referring to an established issue regarding the integration of migrant groups in the uk and i was wondering if there were similar issues in eu countries with large turkish minority groups . 
  it 's not like i asked if you had fucking gills or ate babies , believe me you 're looking for a persecutor in the wrong place pal . 
  i did n't say you were but it does nothing for pro scottish feelings here , there 's nothing worse than a break up were one side flippantly states that both parties can still be friends . 
  as i said it was very ranty and emotional and not really a debate topic but nevermind . 
  here 's hoping you fail miserably and you are stuck with the great indignity of being my countryman for the next 300 years . 
  serious question , do turks marry outside of their cultural/ethnic groups ? 
  i only ask because one barrier towards integration in the uk among certain ethnic groups is the lack of mixed families due to the systemic marriage of young minority britons to people from within their own community or from their parents or grandparents country of origin . 
  but i have no experience with how turkish immigrant communities operate just wondering if there was a similar case or not . 
  or mel gibson how much of a problem he has against the english ? 
  i do n't know really , these are the great questions of our time and they need answering . 
  by the way , for my own records i 'm putting you down as a solid 7 because i thinks that 's a fair mean score and what you get for not filling out your response correctly . 
  seriously as a northern englishman on a purely emotional basis fuck you guys for being so cowardly and wanting to give up on the rest of us . 
  you think london is any closer to liverpool , manchester or newcastle than they are to glasgow or cardiff or caernarfon ? 
  london and its yuppie enclaves could n't give a shit about the rest of us and you guys help balance it out . 
  but you do n't like how the fight has been going and now you 've seen your chance to abandon us and run off with you tails between your legs and a saltire leading the way . 
  you 're selfish and your gun shy and you want to leave the rest of your countrymen , which is what we are you and i and what our fathers and grandfathers were , right in the shit . 
  so fine go away and pretend if you like that your retreat is some glorious act of true scots values that are somehow alien to the english but do n't think that we wish you well and that it 'll be hands across the border once it 's over . 
  in reality it probably will be amicable because at least westminster will be pleased it does n't have to deal with all those non conservatives and they 'll be pragmatic as ever and in time we 'll get on with life just as we always do and forget about the old issues . 
  but personally , right now at least , i hope they screw you at every opportunity for abandoning the rest of us to our fate . 
  of course independence is far from a dead cert and i hope it does lose and then you can rejoin the rest of us in the trenches and we can build one country together instead of two in opposition . 
  here 's what i was going to put before i went off on my little rant there , this might actually have some points for debate but you wanted honest opinions for a throwaway and so i 've given you mine from the gut . 
  the west lothian question needs to be addressed in the face of devolution , the way blair used scotland to defy the popular will of the english people on purely english issues was a disgrace but we really are better off together on the world stage and as one country . 
  the independence camp comes off ( to me at least but i think to many of us south of the border ) as the land of milk and honey brigade , you are more informed on the issues than i am certainly and maybe you will be able to have your cake and eat it but i think people are projecting unrealistic ideas onto them that will soon dissipate in the light of true independence . 
  here 's an easy test , on a scale of 1 to 10 how much do you love braveheart ? 
  no , bullying is a term used for mean children and workplace arseholes . 
  you ca n't bully russia because it 's not the new intern or a little boy with glasses . 
  russia lost the unilateral power to tell ukraine who it could and could not associate with when the ussr broke up . 
  russia could n't wait to scoop up crimea to help fulfill vlad 's wetdream of a reunified ` russian people ' and it was given an excuse by the fall of the pseudo-puppet regime in kiev not because the west was n't more considerate of the kremlin 's feelings . 
  and they were a load of tax dodgers to boot , they had it coming . 
  bully them into stop trying to absorb ukraine ? 
  yea . 
  and how in your mind would common defense work ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested in your thoughts on the issue . 
  i assume you had this epiphany whilst using your home made cerebro to connect your towering frisian consciousness with all 60 + million of us miserable , massively unfunny island folk . 
  because they are still being tried by the same court the only difference is that we do n't know what 's going on . 
  you and i still have exactly the same amount of influence in the case now as we had before . 
  it 's a problem now just one that few people talk about . 
  for example people in the uk often bemoan the lack of traditional manufacturing jobs as the ` decline of british industry ' when in fact many of the industries still produce as much if not more than they used to but because of automation they can run a factory with 100 employees instead of 5000 . 
  so about 20 years . 
  not amongst the political class that 's for sure . 
  you clearly did n't learn the lesson of the green cross code , look * both * ways before crossing . 
  consider that a life lesson from me to you free of charge and throw out that old look only to the right then step out into traffic approach . 
  do you see europe ? 
  we 're all that stands between you and whatever the hell this guy just said . 
  it 's the economy stupid . 
  it has nothing to do with what the fucking notes look like and everything to do with the ability to regulate your own interest rates if the whole thing goes tits up . 
  there is no natural law it 's a philosophical idea , people are animals they 're just smarter , cavemen did n't have any rights because they had no states , the idea of an intrinsic human set of rights is an artificial construct . 
  how exactly is me saying we 're not always the bad guys the same as we 're always the good guys ? 
  you need to step out of your bubble pal . 
  ah yes because america has always needed un backing like in iraq when the whole world was in agreement with them and they only went in with un backing ... 
  the difference in syria was that they had no support at home from their own war weary people or abroad ( except france ) even the usually reliable go to guy britain refused . 
  the chemical weapon surrender by assad was a convenient excuse to back out . 
  but no one has yet managed to stop the americans doing something they really wanted to do and the russians sure as shit have n't . 
  do you even remember how the syrian civil war started ? 
  the arab spring mean anything to you ? 
  arab people rising up against authoritarian regimes to democracy ? 
  or we 're they all western spies and terrorists ? 
  the whole thing is a shower of shit now but unless you are blaming the west for giving people the desire for democratic rule then you ca n't honestly pin the blame on us . 
  ah eurovision political punishment voting , which is why russia was a lowly seventh this year . 
  thing is the rest of the world do n't seem to realise just how much of a devious bastard he is , the fucker might actually win a europe wide vote ( by which i mean a nomination from a german dominated coalition party in the eu parliament ) and we would all be told to stop holding back the ` will of the people ' by opposing him . 
  oh it was russia ? 
  not the lack of support from international allies either practically or politically , it was well known america restrainer russia . 
  the americans did want to bomb syria but they did n't and assad and the motley crew arranged against him would still be driving syrians out of their homes without any international help at all . 
  believe it or not people are shitty to each other all over the world without it being the fault of us in the west . 
  so it 's a political ideology to subscribe to universal human rights or not ? 
  if so it is therefore a political construct and not some innate part of the human condition , and it exists only as long as governments subscribe to the idea . 
  because all those syrians were ruthlessly bombed by the americans ... oh , wait . 
  and what thing is that ? 
  is it a good thing ? 
  if it 's a good thing we must have it !, 
  or at the very least deny it to those damned frenchmen . 
  always trying to get one over on us aye frenchy ?!, 
  well not this time you jumped up frog gobbler !, 
  that 's it boys i 've changed our mind we 're all going to stay in this eu bollocks , there are things in it for us . 
  and so the spirit that drove the uk into europe will keep it there . 
  maintaining a vast global empire is an expensive business . 
  you keep everyone else in your sphere of influence weak and maintain your vast power discrepancy over them or you cut back , encourage their expenditure and one day turn around to find they do n't need your protection and so wo n't obey your impositions anymore .
