   so thank god ( that middle-eastern tribal god ) for your pure british white culture . 
  this is a cheap shot against a strawman , the op never mentioned race only culture . 
  people would be more willing to engage with you and your arguments in constructive conversation if you did n't rush to paint them as racists . 
  it 's not really . 
  the article is n't even really that focused on the us it 's just a chance for the author to stroke his own dick and pontificate on the ` the tectonic shifts of power that are taking place in europe ' which will see the unstoppable rise of german power as britain withers and fades . 
  actually the scottish lowlands seem to be part of england too . 
  you forgot the / s, 
  my point was that socially progressive people could support the tories if they were fiscally conservative not that the tories were a progressive party , it 's more a case of individuals giving certain issues more weight than others . 
  i agree that attacking human rights is highly regressive but do n't agree that 's what the government is doing . 
  to me its more a case of moving judicial power back to the uk from abroad with the british bill of rights which does n't bother me at all . 
  as it happens i agree with you about the lib dems and i voted lib dem at the election but it was close and i know plenty of my peers who share my views went for the tories and i ca n't blame them , there were plenty of other factors at play too . 
  labour is rotted from the inside out by condescending champagne socialism that has almost completely taken over the upper tiers of the party and massively disengaged them with their base , they picked an almost unelectable leader and could n't decide which iteration of the labour party they wanted to be . 
  the greens are a joke , their end game is some utopian one world state where we all live at one with nature and all creeds and colours sing hand in hand like a fucking coke advert and people do n't like backing fantasists . 
  as for the lib dems , like i said i voted for them in the end because i would n't mind a liberal state but i was a last minute floating voter who lives on merseyside which is about as safe a labour seat as they come . 
  joining the coalition was suicide for them as a party because it lost them most of their core vote and when the election rolled around if people liked the status quo chances are they would vote tory and if they did n't like it then there was no way they were voting lib dem , betraying the students did n't help either . 
  no one ever gets the state they want unless they 're a dictator . 
  if the lib dems had won then there would have been policies that i did n't agree with because i sit to the right of most lib dems on the political spectrum , now the tories won there are policies that are to the right of my personal preference but there are many in the tory party who are closer politically to me than to the tory hard right , including cameron himself , and the fear that they now run the show was proven false when the snp helped squash the hunting ban reform which was a flagship tory backbench policy if ever i saw one . 
  or you could just be a socially progressive fiscal conservative who does n't share the internet 's terror of big brother . 
  tsipras clearly rolled a 1 during his negotiation charisma check . 
  the guardian understands perfectly well , but like every other political paper it tailors its stories to suit its agenda . 
  all except eritrea yes . 
  as long as their own government is n't after them and at least part of their own country is peaceful they can be rejected . 
  asylum is a last resort if only a foreign country is safe , if you can move to a different part of your own country and be safe then you can be refused . 
  they 're very similar ( not identical though ) but my point was that the days of the week in english are named after the anglo-saxon versions of the gods not their norse equivalents so scandinavians did n't contribute the days of the week to the english language . 
  the days of the week are named for the germanic gods of the anglo-saxons not the norse gods , both just happen to be branches of the same older religion . 
  tyr becomes tiw as in tuesday , friday is n't freya 's day it 's frige 's day , same for woden 's day thunor 's day . 
  there are plenty of old norse words absorbed into english as you pointed out but not those ones . 
  [ good on you germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58 ), 
  ah yes greeks , romanians , germans and frenchmen the core of the edl . 
  but actualmente does n't mean actually - madness . 
  that 's pretty easy to ask for , the us will try him fairly and find him guilty of treason and espionage and whatever else , because he is guilty of those crimes . 
  according to the letter of the law , whether you agree or not , he is guilty and a fair trial would have one conclusion . 
  a ` public interest defence ' will do him no good whatsoever . 
  this is just asinine political posturing , trying to impress pro-snowden citizens without saying anything of any real import . 
  yea my point is why offer those people a new deal of any kind ? 
  there are pre-existing channels for companies to bring in foreign workers to fill gaps in the labour force and for those workers to eventually settle in their new country if that is their choice . 
  for everyone else who wants in but we do n't want or need them in , tough shit . 
  this measure is presumably to tackle mass immigration by unskilled , poorly educated people ( young men ) from sub-saharan africa , the middle east and beyond who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  why would we give these people anything at all ? 
  we do n't owe them a better life , they were born in the wrong place so what ? 
  not our problem . 
  the majority of the world is the wrong place according to the bleeding hearts that follow this kind of logic , i 'm missing the part were that entitles them to live in the right part - specifically our part . 
  the huge demographic surge that is coming from africa in the next 50 years means that either africa gets its act together or europe gets swamped by hundreds of millions of people born in the planets biggest wrong place , that simply is n't sustainable . 
  europe is n't the usa if you 're looking for the land of opportunity try there i hear their green card system is actually quite successful . 
   for people who are seeking for a better life & job , there should be seperate system where you can apply for a green card to allow permanent residence . 
  similar like the u.s. system , where you can apply for a card if you meet certain requirements or enter the `` lottery '' . 
  why ? 
  another sterling effort from eu leaders to sway the british people into staying by pissing them off as much as possible with idiotic soundbites . 
  hard to betray your sworn enemy and the enemy of all the great powers of europe i would have thought . 
  st helena belong to britain and so british hospitality deemed it a fitting place for his imperial majesty to retire to . 
  why not ? 
  i 've never know a nier to do anything quietly , should n't you be having a parade or a giant bonfire or something ? 
  lose the ` big ' and you 've got yourself a winner . 
  i love quotes , here 's one for you . 
  * royal highness , -- exposed to the factions which divide my country , and to the enmity of the great powers of europe , i have terminated my political career ; and i come , like themistocles , to throw myself upon the hospitality ( m ` asseoir sur le foyer ) of the british people . 
  i claim from your royal highness the protections of the laws , and throw myself upon the most powerful , the most constant , and the most generous of my enemies . 
  * - napoleon 's letter of surrender, 
  did n't realise tim hunt was rhyming slang . 
  the death of nelson in the battle which smashed the combined naval might of france and spain ? 
  go for it chief . 
  nope i 'm a fptp kind of guy no proportional wealth representation here . 
  you make the grade you get a say , that 's all . 
  student 's and the like do n't receive benefits so we 'll say that after -1 you lose a say . 
  but again i 'm not talking about votes only a right to criticise , that 's all , i 'll confess when i made my initial off the cuff comment i was n't expecting to end up in this weird thought experiment but i do n't mind indulging . 
  nothing at all on this issue that 's all . 
  he could warn about the dangers of ending free movement all he likes , or defence , or free market trade just not preach about us wanting benefit without cost , on that issue and that issue alone he should butt out . 
  he could say how he loves our charming smiles and outward looking attitude or that he 's madly in love with david cameron 's rubbery face for all i care , but that one issue i feel is better served being broached by france , or germany or the netherlands . 
  because it angers people and turns them against europe that 's all i 've explained why , i 've also explained that i agree it 's based on a simplistic perception than reality but that 's the hand we 're dealt . 
  poland can speak up if it wants , i have no power over anyone 's speech but it is a bad move if it 's trying to boost the pro-eu position . 
  just because you can give your opinion does n't mean you should especially if it does a disservice to the cause you 're trying to advocate . 
  reform cap and we 'll talk about the rebate . 
  offered to pay ? 
  when was the last time anyone offered to pay for anything out of the goodness of their hearts ? 
  there are thousands of eu laws and directives that pass without a hitch for every one we complain about . 
  so access to poland 's ` developing markets ' tariff free is back to being not important again ? 
  i 'm not sure what you think i 'm advocating , i 'm fully on board with mutual benefit . 
  i see the long term gain for all , that 's why i 'm pro-eu . 
  my * only * issue is the involvement of domestic politicians writing op-eds and sticking their nose in where they do n't belong , in this case eu contributions . 
  again if this was the polish defence minister writing about army spending and russia i 'd be 100 % with him/her where i would not be if it was the irish defence minister . 
  the eu is n't the same , greece is n't germany , poland is n't the uk , spain is n't latvia . 
  there is no perfect balance unfortunately . 
  wait is this guy an mep ? 
  the article gives the impression that he is a polish mp in charge of polish eu affairs , a domestic politician . 
  or did poland gain the power to speak for all the eu without telling me ? 
  i keep repeating it because in the most simplified sense ( which is what the general public likes to deal with ) it is the truth . 
  the uk pays money to the entity that is the eu and poland receives money from the eu - more than it puts in . 
  as you keep trying to point out this is not the be all and end all and there are other balances . 
  i fully accept that , though i do n't believe that it is a perfectly equal system that completely balances out but whatever , i 'm not looking to argue semantics . 
  we 've gone a long way from where we stared so here 's my initial point again . 
  this intervention does the pro eu camp no good ( and i assume that it was made on behalf of the pro-eu side ) because british people do n't like being told what to do by someone they perceive as living at their largess . 
  it angers people base on the * perception * more so than if it came from a country that they see to be in the same situation as the uk . 
  in this case the objective truth matters far less than perceived reality . 
  if wading in will do more harm than good it would be better to stay quiet yes but i 'm not the king of europe i ca n't stop people from saying what they like i 'm not advocating the silencing of the polish masses or cutting out mr trzaskowski 's tongue . 
  however in this case it would be better from a pro-eu standpoint to keep out of it and let someone else make the same points . 
  this is pretty much word for word germany 's argument anyway so let germany make it . 
  i doubt it , i have n't seen any figures but i 'd guess it 's the same for the german army , swedish army ect and they were n't involved in ` the ruin of many muslim-majority nations ', 
  source please . 
  we 're not going anywhere mate , do n't start planning finland 's glorious rise to power just yet . 
  people who pay no taxes at all ? 
  sure .
