  anyone who pays more in tax than they get in welfare gets a say in my argument , this is n't anything legal i 'm advocating . 
  if poland was even a 1 euro net contributor i would have no problem with it having a pop . 
  i 'm also not arguing for the exclusion of net takers from any discussions only from it 's politicians interfering and lecturing others where i do n't feel they have any business . 
  on the issue of eu contributions let the fellow eu contributors remind the uk of eu cost-benefit balance . 
  surely you can see how this eu minister or whatever he is lecturing britain about its duty to eu costs when poland has none itself would annoy people ? 
  the second half is moronic because there is no one alive who can not contribute anything at all to society except maybe people in a coma but sure whilst i 'm at it people in comas ca n't have a say in societal arguments until such time as they leave their coma , you got me . 
  not really , residency tested welfare reform would have little to no impact on uk citizens so why should they care ? 
  it would take very little to convince the general public to support it as a means of increasing welfare control . 
  okay here we go . 
  1 and 2 are both connected . 
  the ` you need us and our markets that 's why you pay ' attitude arises every time something like this is mentioned and it 's really not as important as some seem to think it is . 
  3 that is our reasoning but poland 's hardly the only eastern state we 're preparing to pay those future german pensions . 
  you can also sell your shit here tariff free and guess what ? 
  we 're a much bigger market than you are so you 're welcome for that super valuable asset from us without paying us a penny - this is the point i was making about poles overestimating their own importance . 
  however that being said i have no objections to these measures and i 'm not talking about ending or changing them , they make perfect sense to me . 
  all i want is what i said originally , for the polish politicians to not lecture the british about money , because as net benefactors they have far less legitimacy in that specific field than net contributors and it does the pro eu argument no good at all to stick your oar in and irritate people . 
  this is n't really a dig at poland either . 
  if we were talking about something like european defence rather than eu contributions polish politicians would have far more to contribute than one of the neutral countries like ireland . 
  here i 'll help you out , it 's not my position , it 's actually is my position because it exists for a reason and you 're right you did presume too much . 
  see ? 
  it only took me a second to clear that up for you . 
  i love how poles think poland is the holy grail for the western eu countries , of course it benefits us but you 're really not all that . 
  if poland and it 's ` developing market ' vanished into the ether tomorrow the rest of the eu would march on no problem at all . 
  in the long run we want poland to be wealthy and developed so it can shoulder some of the eu burden with the rest of us which is why we put the money in . 
  and when poland can pay its way it can sit at the big boy table and berate britain all it likes about money and i wo n't object at all but until then keep the condescending speeches to yourselves . 
  yea ... no . 
  no one is saying that we should n't have to pay anything to the eu or even pay less . 
  we moan about paying more but who does n't ? 
  the idea that we 're trying to negotiate a way to turn the eu into something that we get for free with 100 % of the things we want is as ridiculous as it is apparently common . 
   the uk is fighting extremely hard to reduce/eliminate its net contribution to the eu while insisting on having as strong a voice as possible in eu forums says who ? 
  no but it does buy you the right not to be lectured on the benefits/cost you receive by those getting a free lunch . 
  as for the rest of it ... erm sure ? 
  i 'm not sure who you 're arguing against . 
  i did n't say anywhere that i opposed eu migration because i do n't , i 'm more than happy to plunder the talent of any and all of our eu partners as long as it benefits me and mine . 
  they can talk about all sorts of things , uk migration in particular is a key issue for poland more so than almost all other eu countries . 
  i have no objection to them having a say on that or a host of other issues . 
  but what they should n't do is lecture the uk on costs or anything to do with money because they may have equal rights but not an equal dynamic , one gives the other takes , it 's about picking your battles leave the money talk to the countries with more of a solid case . 
  otherwise the argument will do more harm than good . 
   germany is taking in 500k this year . 
  source ? 
   and not be duped into believing that they can `` keep all the goodies and forget about the costs '' costs including eu subsidies to poland . 
  how about paying some money in first before you start lecturing net contributors on their obligations ? 
  leave the money talk to the germans or any of the others who actually have to pay the costs . 
  the argument is being widely misrepresented by both sides across the eu and uk no surprise that people do n't know what 's actually going on . 
  ethnic warfare , the perfect way to show your willingness to integrate into a foreign culture . 
  you could have six feet of salty permafrost in which to bury your ridiculous dreams of claiming our bountiful new domain . 
  well if it ever shows up again i call dibs . 
  why not half and half like cnut ? 
  ` king of all england and denmark and the norwegians and of some of the swedes . ', 
   just take the money from the eu and give nothing back and are maybe ungrateful now that is german comedy at its finest , ungrateful for all the money we do n't get ? 
  we , like the germans , give far more than we get to the eu . 
  unlike them we are paid back with whining and back-biting , half of the time it comes from nations who are having their infrastructure renovated with our tax money . 
  then we 're accused of being ungrateful ? 
  good one . 
  no lads , forget lena , what you need to do is bring back [ ** nena ** ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfptc7-wcl8 ), 
  good to see the old anglo-irish two nation voting block in full force . 
  i 'm sure they would n't but i do n't see how that has much to do with the scottish referendum which definitely did factor the economy into account in a massive way , particularly the no camp . 
  even without the economy it was much more a question of what kind of government and society scotland wanted than a do you feel connected to the english , welsh and northern irish . 
  just when i though i could n't like him any less ... 
  it 's cyclical . 
  the indis would n't shut up about ireland during the celtic tiger days , then the wheels fell off with the crash and it became a stick for the unionists to beat them with . 
  now it 's picking up again i 'm sure the wheel of ' i told you so ' about ireland will keep rolling on . 
   that 's why the state will keep opposing the british in any change unless le pen is elected or cameron agrees to give a delicious deal to france . 
  and there we have it , good for europe = good for france . 
  i mean it 's for the good of all fellow europeans that the french refuse to reform the cap and its just a coincidence that it disproportionately benefits them and why they insist on the shit show that is strasbourg remaining as is because its beneficial for europe and the european dream to waste all that money as long as it flows into the french coffers . 
  give me a break with all the sanctimony , everyone 's out for themselves and as long as working together benefits everyone then it 's all pan-european dreams and vive le union but as soon as the great eu dream treads on french toes all that high-mindedness goes out the window . 
  or the white slavery employed by the barbary pirates nominally under ottoman control , or the forced abduction and conversion of christian boys into the janissary corps . 
  thinking about it if there was any group white people could turn the sjw historical oppression narrative on , it would be the turks . 
  [ i 've got high hopes for good old centralist liberalism . 
  ] ( https://41.media.tumblr.com/96685028969475f9b62812adef2552e9/tumblr_nijkzstkgy1qku5deo8_500.jpg ), 
  i agree and as a football fan i 'd much prefer the german model , but it does n't change the fact that the comparison was factually incorrect . 
  it 's also wrong . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/money-saving-tips/11031461/league-table-of-premier-league-season-ticket-costs.html ) the cheapest premier league season ticket is # 299 at man city . 
  because you 're in the eu chief . 
  why is your infrastructure our problem ? 
  why do we give so much money to the eu development fund to build up your countries ? 
  why is russia our problem ? 
  it 's because you 're in our gang now and we want you to do well so we 'll all benefit down the road . 
  but taking a share of our problems is the other side of the coin from taking our help . 
  i 'm personally not in favour of eu wide resettlement because i do n't think it will work , but as soon as you joined the eu its problems became your problems . 
  it 's not exactly the same but [ here ] ( http://ww2today.com/31st-july-1943-troublesome-british-pows-in-germany ) is an article with extracts from an ss report about the behaviour of british pows . 
  they do n't have the money to fund any sort of proxy war against the uk , russia is nowhere near as frightening as it wants everyone to think it is . 
  with their economy firmly under the cosh they simply ca n't afford to give away tens of billions of dollars worth of hardware to a nation of little geopolitical importance just to harass the uk . 
  the hypothetical russian bogeyman that so many people in europe seem to be afraid of is a joke , it 's a paper tiger , we do n't live in the days of the ussr anymore . 
  [ i can assure the argentine people that we are now definitely quaking in our boots . 
  ] ( http://www.picgifs.com/reaction-gifs/reaction-gifs/laughing/picgifs-laughing-35443.gif ), 
  not as far as i 'm aware , get on with it by yourselves or just rot away was more their style . 
  there was n't much social conscience as long as the economy was being better served because their theory was that end would justify the means and britain was in a bad place economically at the time . 
  ah the old foreigner 's ignorance thinking london = england = the uk i get it now and i understand . 
  not saying it was n't necessary just that people are obviously not going to let the bigger picture influence their opinion more than the fact that their communities were devastated . 
  also a lot of the hostility comes from the way the thatcher government handled the closures as much as anything , it - and by extension her - were seen as unsympathetic or , at times , outright hostile to large sections of the populace who were suddenly put in pretty desperate circumstances . 
  most of us are aware of that fact but you 're alright and as far as internet exaggerations and over simplifications go it 's harmless enough to go along with . 
  says more about you than the books really . 
  and what do you know about the uk outside of london that you find so boring ? 
  not enough yodellers and cheese for you ? 
  i refuse to accept anyone could like switzerland more than us unless they were a money laundering despot or gangster and even then it should be about even . 
  would you have people celebrate the person who destroyed their way of life , necessary or not ? 
  alright cherie if you say so . 
  people at large . 
  - source : one of the people currently still at large,
