i meant the actual pattern not the mock up . 
  i can appreciate that but it 's still too pixelated . 
  it looks it was drawn with microsoft paint . 
  my god , without us who would be left in europe to stop you putting your towels on every sunbed in spain ? 
  it 's all so clear now , this has been your plan from the beginning , you magnificent , evil geniuses . 
  it 's a little bit too pixelated for my taste . 
  phew !, 
  i almost choked on all those words you just stuffed in my mouth . 
  i hate hearing the opinions of non-brits you 're right . 
  that 's why i hang about on r/europe a place devoid of foreigners to sully my eyes with their words , nice ad hominem good point well made once again you have caught me and my hatred of johnny foreigner red handed . 
  now i 'll go express my opinion on r/twoxchromosomes about what i as a man think having period pains is like ( nothing at all unpleasant and that women just make it all up for attention ) and hopefully you will come along and rage against any woman who dares to tell me i do n't know what the fuck i 'm talking about because apparently everyone must have their opinion left unquestioned even if they 're full of shit . 
  as for the rest , i see now that my comment about you projecting the idea of paranoia onto me and betraying your own insecurities was a lot closer to the mark than i thought it was . 
  i 'm a little disappointed that you resorted to a frothing straw man attack rather than responding to my points rationally but hey it 's the internet and i should have known better . 
  i would argue that 's different , the fact that it is more important to british people than people on the continent makes no difference . 
  it is portrayed in a fairly neutral light and is pretty strongly against war , it 's never portrayed as we are the best , uk # 1 fuck yea , or the germans were evil good thing we killed so many of them . 
  i do n't see how the fact that we care more or are more interested is a bad thing . 
  my god i interpreted a foreign sounding name as foreign i must hate everyone not from the uk you got me . 
  ignorance stems from the fact that as far as i 'm concerned that person was n't british and was stating definitely about what british people think . 
  as i hope i 've stated over our discourse throughout the day i am fervently against the narrative that remembrance = jingoistic nationalism . 
  but if i have fallen into the internet trap of giving someone who no longer wants to have a civil debate the faintest opportunity of wildly declaring that i am x therefore all i have said is invalid and we no longer need a debate because by being x i have no valid arguments whatsoever then so be it . 
  disdain for ignorant arseholes who happen to be foreign should n't be confused for disdain for all foreigners . 
  by ` rant ' you mean i mentioned the word foreigner , as in someone who is foreign , which is the correct context . 
  the word is n't verboten and i was using it to refer to the individual and highlight the reason for his ignorance on the subject of what the british people think ie the fact that he is n't british himself . 
  i used the plural because it was n't the first time i had seen this statement posted by non-british people therefore i had seen more than one foreigner telling me how we think , hence foreigners . 
  you seem to be jumping at shadows and , somewhat ironically , seeing paranoia where it does not exist . 
   ( because that 's honestly what it feels like : a celebration ) seriously , how so ? 
  i presume that you mean it 's triumphalist because you link it to anti-eu sentiment , where does remembering our war dead in any way proclaim our triumph or superiority over anyone else ? 
  it has nothing to do with anyone else , the one thing the guardian did get right was that it is an introspective event . 
  we 're allowed to be introspective there 's nothing wrong with not remembering your enemies or allies ( again i should point out that commonwealth soldiers from around the world are also remembered as part of the british dead with those men from the british isles themselves ) at every event . 
  i 've taken part in remembrance all my life and i 've worn a poppy every year , the idea that it 's a new phenomenon or in any way linked to a ` fuck johnny foreigner ' attitude is a fallacy . 
   oh come on . 
  the sentiment surrounding the two is nowhere near the same . 
  guy fawkes is a fun holiday for the children , an excuse to do something exciting as the autumn gloom sets in . 
  bad comparison . 
  we burn a man in effigy for centuries because we foiled a catholic plot , just because * you * think it 's a bit of fun does n't mean that it is n't fundamentally a triumphalist holiday . 
  in ni i suspect it 's a more contentious issue . 
  you clearly think that britain is increasing in xenophobia , i do n't disagree ( i will point out the rise of front nacional in france though as an example of a massive french xenophobic upsurge too ) what i do disagree with is the idea that this is inextricably linked with remembrance . 
  armistice day is fundamentally an antiwar holiday it 's a time to remember the tragic cost of war and to ensure we do our best to prevent such losses happening again , there 's nothing jingoistic about it in the slightest . 
  it has a national ( commonwealth ) focus yes but that does n't invalidate its message just because not everyone in the world ever affected by war is remembered . 
  the rise of an eu community does n't mean we are all the same in everything and everyone should be treated as europeans , particularly in events that pre-date the eu by decades , or that events that do n't are bad or ignorant . 
  xenophobic probably more than racist but still a little bit racist . 
  i 'd say that we 're much less racist than pretty much everywhere else in the world though , especially in the uk xenophobia  racism . 
  but then i 'm a european so i 'm bound to think we 're better than everyone else . 
  i 'd also say that a distrust of people who are different from you is an inescapable part of human nature , it always has been and i think it probably always will be . 
  as for being pc that 's more of an internet problem than an international one , it 's egotistical people who think that they are the centre of the universe and their ideas and morals should be the standard . 
  where have you gotten it into your head that it is a nationalist statement ? 
  because it commemorates commonwealth dead ( which is already international but i get the sentiment ) and not allied or central powers forces ? 
  that 's because its * our * promise to * our * dead to remember and to uphold , the german people or the austrians or the french all have their own commitments to these same ideals , we hold no covenant with other peoples war dead but by each remembering our own we make the future better for all . 
  remembrance is about ensuring that we never go down the same road again and to do that we remember the men who died , their deaths are a warning against a lust for all out war . 
  for fucks sake in three days we have a national holiday to celebrate the foiling of a 400 year old terrorist attack , we do it with giant bonfires and fireworks . 
  if it really was about nationalist triumphalism the rest of the world would know , we 'd burn the kaiser in effigy and play songs about killing the turks , we 're not a subtle people when it comes to celebration . 
  i think you fundamentally misunderstand what the purpose of remembrance is . 
  you 're ashamed that i challenged someone for blithely making assumptions about our country and the meaning of remembrance with only ` wot i red on teh interwebz ' to inform them ? 
  i can live with that . 
  my grandfather 's uncle made a similar trip but it did n't end as well . 
  he moved to america from a small town in the north of england , the same town he was born and raised in and his father was born and raised in . 
  he was living in new york city when the war broke out , making a new life a long way from that old town and he did n't join up as soon as war broke out in europe , but when america entered the war he decided to travel to canada to fight for the empire rather than his new homeland . 
  he served for 18 months until he was wounded by a shell in october 1918 , less than a month before the end of the war . 
  he was taken to a field hospital but died from his wounds . 
  the boy who was born in that small town who grew up to leave for a new life in america , was killed by a german , whilst fighting for canada in belgium and ended up buried back in that same small town less than a mile from where he was born . 
  millions of families have similar stories , lives snuffed out , dreams and potential wasted . 
  they could have done great things , they could have done terrible things , they could have lived entirely unremarkable lives but in the end no one will ever know because they died in their thousands in a war against other men and boys not unlike themselves . 
  the reasons they did so and the necessity for having a war at all will be debated ad infinitum . 
  that debate is valid but to me it does n't really matter as much as remembering those ordinary men from villages , towns and cities across europe and the world who were slaughtered en masse and for their sake , the sake of our generation and every generation that follows we must make sure we do n't allow it to happen again . 
  everyone will have a slightly different view on what remembrance means to them and why they do or do n't take part but that 's just my take on what it means and a bit of why i 'm proud to take part . 
  once again foreigners telling us about ourselves , reading the paper does n't give you the inside track on the british psyche or our collective history with this conflict nor does it give you the right to lecture us about our own business . 
  it does apparently give you the ability to make yourself look like a complete nob on the internet . 
  every poppy in the display has been sold for # 25 each to raise money for veterans charities , that 's 888,000 poppies so about # 22 million . 
  [ the parable of the old man and the young ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4fv6zdtbtya ) - wilfred owen so abram rose , and clave the wood , and went , and took the fire with him , and a knife . 
  and as they sojourned both of them together , isaac the first-born spake and said , my father , behold the preparations , fire and iron , but where the lamb for this burnt-offering ? 
  then abram bound the youth with belts and straps , and builded parapets and trenches there , and stretch\u00e8d forth the knife to slay his son . 
  when lo !, 
  an angel called him out of heaven , saying , lay not thy hand upon the lad , neither do anything to him . 
  behold , a ram , caught in a thicket by its horns ; offer the ram of pride instead of him . 
  but the old man would not so , but slew his son , and half the seed of europe , one by one . 
  i 'm fully aware that it is illegal and that 's why i 'm okay with the current status quo provided the state continues to do its job , the story i was referencing was [ this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2590501/energy-firms-face-investigation.html ) ( daily mail source , i know ) . 
  i will agree that there is plenty of history of inefficient state run corporations but there is nothing inherently inefficient in state ownership itself . 
  which works provided the state keeps the power to prevent private interests from forming an oligopoly like gas companies agreeing not to under cut each other for example but i 'm not too dissatisfied with the status quo in this country . 
  i would nationalise the trains though , massive state support and investment in infrastructure for an industry that runs shambolically and piece meal is a joke , greater cohesion and no need to return a profit to shareholders would benefit public transport in this country no end . 
  the argument in this case would be that essential public services should be run by the state from taxes at cost or at a loss for the benefit of the populace as opposed to being privatised and run for profit . 
  the british army went into ni to protect communities from each other which is too often forgotten these days , the fact that one side used older hatreds of british regular army units to stoke support drove the subsequent divisions . 
  if i tried to break up a fight and one guy started thanking me or at least was ambivalent to my intervention and the other guy started attacking me my previously neutral stance on the participants would likely shift against the hostile party . 
  bloody sunday was a terrible tragedy that occurred because of a culmination of unfortunate circumstances it was n't a government action to kill catholic civilians and spread terror as you seem to be suggesting . 
  military checkpoints were doubtless intimidating but that was n't the primary purpose of them , they were there to try and protect civilians from sectarian violence . 
  yes they locked up potentially dangerous individuals which is a hardline utilitarian response ( causing the suffering of a few , wrongly in some cases , to prevent harm to the civilian population ) but it 's not without precedent and they continue to do that to this day , it is also disingenuous to suggest that only catholic terror suspects were interred . 
  the troubles were a sectarian conflict that the british state and army got in the middle of . 
  the british government did n't go around planting bombs in catholic & protestant neighbourhoods , the british government did n't murder men , women and children in cold blood , they did n't bomb civilians in the republic or on the british mainland , the fucking uvf or ira did n't throw themselves on bombs to shield civilians . 
  was the british state and by extension the army flawlessly morally good in ni ? 
  not by a long shot , horrific things happened to bad people and horrific things happened to innocent people as a result of state actions but it was a lot less than what was perpetrated by both sets of sectarian forces . 
  the cult of the ira that still exists and the lengths people will go to to demonize the ` british ' ( and by extension exonerate the actions of the ira ) is disgusting . 
  i 'm not saying that was your intent , maybe it was maybe it was n't , i do n't want to put words in your mouth . 
  i 'm speaking more generally of people who speak in a very similar way to this post who do hold those views and it boils my blood and aside from pissing off some anonymous random on the internet it also holds back the process of being able to move beyond the old sectarian bullshit . 
  like most of the english really . 
  just to clarify , have you spent a significant portion of your life in france or are you a born and raised british francophile ? 
  there is no american labour movement so how can it be more in line with australia than the uk ? 
  even if the modern australian labour party trends towards the centre that 's no different from new labour here . 
  aussie rules is nothing like american football and i 'm not sure where you 're drawing that false equivalence from , and cricket and rugby both league and union are common to both aus and the uk but almost complete nonentities in the us . 
  they do have an immigrant culture but one is a very heavily british biased culture and the other is far more global and distinct , having had several hundred years to develop independent from britain . 
  as for canada , i could n't tell apart a room of 100 people from across europe just by sight , although if you mean i could ask any question besides ` where are you from ? ', 
  i 'd ask them how they feel about ice hockey , then how worried they were about going to hospital and just to play along i 'd accidentally knock over all of their drinks and would assign the ones who apologised to me for my mistake to canada .
