  was officially neutral but there was a split in support for both sides , cotton from the south was very important in the textile industry of the north of england which was a serious part of the british economy but the moral stance divided people . 
  there was a letter written to lincoln by textile workers in manchester telling him of the difficulties they were facing because of the war but urging him to keep fighting the good fight ( [ his letter responding to them ] ( http://www.acws.co.uk/archives/index.php?page=lincoln_letter&amp;dir=misc ) ) . 
  my city of liverpool which was the major imperial port at the time had a large interconnected merchant community tied to the south and was n't so enthusiastic towards the union blockade of the south , it built and crewed most of the ships for the confederacy , including a pair of ironclads that were seized by the british government when the union threatened war if they were allowed to reach the south . 
  an interesting trivia fact is the last officially recognised surrender of the confederates and the last official use of the confederate flag was in the river [ mersey ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conclusion_of_the_american_civil_war#surrender_of_css_shenandoah_.28november_6.29 ) ( the river liverpool is built on ) . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2011/07/03/books/review/book-review-a-world-on-fire-by-amanda-foreman.html?pagewanted=all&amp;_r=0 ) seems to be a pretty good overview that touches on most of the bases if you 're interested . 
  there are many different kinds of empires there was something known as britian 's [ informal empire ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/informal_empire ) which were countries that were not directly part of the empire but were through one reason or another brought into line with british interests , south american nations were by and large kept friendly without being absorbed and in exchange for opening their trade to britain were supported in their struggle against spain , as long as the great imperial power was kept sweet then they would be protected from the lesser imperial powers . 
  america has just built an entire system on this principal . 
  as for being invited , they were in the western nations but the replacing of governments unfavourable to american interests in latin america and the middle east , or even se asia back in the day , is definitely forcing themselves on weaker nations . 
  even in the west the usa keeps what it 's given , for example , it still has 10,000 personnel in the uk on bases given to them for use in ww2 , after the war they stayed because of the cold war . 
  that ended 25 years ago but instead of leaving they are consolidating their old bases into one giant hq because the uk is convenient drone base/listening post/air base . 
  do n't get me wrong we could force them to leave if we wanted to but you do n't often get away unscathed when you upset america , that 's the beauty of an informal empire you do n't need to fight people when just the threat of your diplomatic or economic reprisals is enough to keep them in check . 
  yea and we called ours the ` british empire ' the clue is in the name . 
  to imply it is a conspiracy implies that the current state of affairs is part of some over arching master plan , it 's not . 
  it 's just the way the pieces have fallen into place because of how the world has been shaped by america following its own interests we 're completely in agreement . 
  by self governing protectorates i mean that they are nations not administered from washington but who receive military defense in return for political capital and an alignment with a us world view . 
  the world has never had an overarching plan empires grow and emerge organically as the world changes around them but they do emerge . 
  the us is an imperial power with a greater reach than any that precede it and europe is firmly within its reach just because it stopped using the world does n't mean it does n't apply . 
  next you 'll be telling me soylent green is people , ha ha you and your imagination friend . 
  note to self : ` kill the german , he knows too much . ', 
  the dangers of joking with people on the internet my friend . 
  i know , i agree , which is why i said it wo n't work but clearly they have more faith in their economic and cultural hold over us than we do . 
  oh no i certainly can because i 've done it plenty of times before with other irish people , even irish people on the internet dun dun dun , people with evidently a better grasp on both comedy and irish history than your own fine self . 
  as for the commonwealth of nations the defacto successor organisation to the british empire formed from a loose cooperative alliance of its successor states , with a few notable exceptions and additions , no i 've never heard of it . 
  i 've been [ rumbled ] ( http://www.marvel616politics.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/andy-serkis.jpg ) !, 
  some do n't perhaps but the us wants to have it 's cake and eat it . 
  it wants the eu to pay for its own upkeep whilst remaining in the us pocket , it can have one but not the other . 
  trying to fuse its current soft power ideals with a roman imperial style wo n't work . 
  not sure if i 'm being poorly trolled or you 're just thick . 
  ah well nevermind , you just ca n't have a laugh with some people . 
  yea i do n't disagree with you in principal , i just think that it 's only really applicable to certain groups of eu countries . 
  who would we get partnered with ? 
  the dutch ? 
  the irish ? 
  ( it makes cultural sense but i ca n't see that going down well ) what prevents the big from dominating the small ? 
  spain may check italy and the nordics may find a balance but anyone joined to france , uk or germany surely becomes a junior partner in megagermany or uk + . 
  i say , i like the cut of your jib squire . 
  how would like to learn a new sport to beat us at ? 
  we call it cricket and it 'll be just like the time we gave you football except it 's horrendously boring . 
  but you do get to wear a spiffy uniform and eat tiny cucumber sandwiches . 
  there 'll be cake too but victoria ( god rest her imperial majesty ) sponge only of course , after all we 're not barbarians and now neither are you . 
  welcome aboard !, 
  it did ? 
  when ? 
  do india and canada know ? 
  oh god where 's my opium pipe ?!, 
  no i was poking fun at the fact that once we 're all subsumed within the embrace of the eu superstate ireland and the uk will finally be reunited . 
  we 'll be one country again soon my precious . 
  wo n't that be wonderful ? 
  any thoughts on what nations would form these similarity blocks ? 
  the us is an imperial power hidden behind treaties , many nations in the world are it 's ` allies ' but are in effect self governing us protectorates . 
  is it worthless ? 
  no absolutely not , there is always some value otherwise the underlying premise is exposed . 
  can we get by without its influence ? 
  sure , we can look after our own affairs if push comes to shove, 
  science and technology : uk 1st japan 46th . 
  i 'll take it . 
  is there any language the dutch ca n't hold a conversation in ? 
  i would like it to be called british empire 2 : the reimagerning but i suspect that may just be me . 
  oh no mr cocksucker does n't agree with ol' davey boy , i 'm not sure we 'll ever recover from the great shock and disappointment . 
  [ ( \u0361\u00ba \u035c\u0296 \u0361\u00ba ) ] ( http://wac.9ebf.edgecastcdn.net/809ebf/ec-origin.nyc.barstoolsports.com/files/2013/03/screen-shot-2013-03-22-at-11.25.42-am.png ), 
  i 'm ambivalent on the issue tbh but i do n't disagree with you . 
  not sure what gave you the impression i did or that it 's a particularly divisive issue . 
  let the yanks go and wave their dicks in china 's face for a few decades the russians really do n't frighten me and they should n't frighten the rest of the eu either . 
  so a slight variation on a hong kong style colony ? 
  try the chinese and see how accommodating they feel . 
  this thread surfaced the other day and i posted this on there but since it has resurfaced i might as well post some of it again to give people a slightly clearer understanding . 
  in this sense it means `` any doctrine or theory which holds that natural biological processes can not account for the history , diversity , and complexity of life on earth and therefore rejects the scientific theory of evolution , '' which is a catch all term for representing any religious creation myth as an alternative to evolution not just the christian version , the use of the name invokes ideas of american christian teachings but it applies to all religions and i would suspect has a serious focus on islam in the uk as much if not more than christianity . 
  decline in church attendance , the ever rising average age of congregations and the census . 
  it 's sanctioned and not much else . 
  it 's the america and friends show and none of us would be there if the americans had n't whistled for us all to come running . 
  it 's the basic idea for the [ eu ] ( http://slartibartfastibast.com/post/26129325302/individually-we-are-weak-like-a-single-twig-but ) surely . 
  no he means [ nato ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_afghanistan_ ( 2001 % e2 % 80 % 93present ) the un has fuck all to do with it . 
  it 's almost certainly designed for the home front to boost morale and remind people that even though britain was under siege and the british army had to fight both nazi germany and imperial japan there was still a whole empires worth of fighting men backing up the cause . 
  that was n't the part i did n't understand , the british and french are both part of nato and as such are obliged to fight if gdansk is attacked as are the germans , turks , canadians and the other 23 nations . 
  or is the op talking about a european army ? 
  in that case it really has no more to do with us and the french than it does with the poles or germans . 
  i 'm against the idea of a european army but in the event of one being created it would have to be created by shared contribution of arms and men , which means the other major eu players would have to step up . 
  an army where the doctors are german and the planes are spanish but the vast majority of the fighting men are french or british is unfeasible , why should our two nations bleed for gdansk if none of the others are prepared to ? 
  any shared army would have to share in death and in that regards it 's not us who are holding things back . 
  geographically large dark blue blobs massively outnumbered by the small red ones ... then birmingham , my point stands . 
  not sure what royal mail has to do with it 2010 scotland 's beloved libdems were big cheerleaders on that , as for the nhs who knew free prescriptions is more feasible for 5 million people than 50 million ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't get how that massive bellend brand has managed to worm his way into being taken seriously as a political entity . 
  the high horse is a dangerous beast . 
  the context that a lot of people seem to be missing is the dancing eu star ballerinas at the d-day memorial , that did n't sit well with certain groups here . 
  why ? 
  i hear you ask as you prepare for yet another pitchfork run into the british training dummy that is the comments section . 
  because britain was the british empire during both wars which means that although it is european now it was n't then . 
  it has a lot of international veterans and war dead , the article mentions but does n't focus on the most important point , at the menin gate it is n't just the names of men from the british isles , europeans , it is international and to dedicate the event to the eu is perceived as undermining the sacrifice of empire forces . 
  i truly believe the issue of the flag would be a non event if d-day had n't come across as an eu propaganda stunt which the giant dancing eu flag made it appear and getting your knickers in a twist over ` the british ' doing this or that is n't helping anyone . 
  many europhiles blame british distrust of the eu on lack of information or misinformation hopefully you will take you own advice and look at the context from dissenting opinions before you fly off into anymore anglophobic rage, 
  the scottish argument that they have nothing in common with the english provided the scottish border is 3 miles north of birmingham, 
  in this sense it means `` any doctrine or theory which holds that natural biological processes can not account for the history , diversity , and complexity of life on earth and therefore rejects the scientific theory of evolution , '' which is a catch all term for representing any religious creation myth as an alternative to evolution not just the christian version , the choice of name seems to have caused confusion . 
  also trust me radical liberals are already set against this government but are even more of a political nonentity than radical muslims . 
  those poor bastards . 
  islam , christianity and judaism are all different sects of the same faith the hardliners of all three share basically the same creation myth and so share in creationism . 
  also how many muslims do you think are in the uk ? 
  and how many of them are really religious hardliners ? 
  there would be no backlash strong enough to even disturb the government let alone break it , particularly a conservative government who have a far smaller share of the minority vote than labour . 
  interesting , so science is n't mandatory ?
