  so either do n't leave your kid cold , alone and stewing in their own shit or do n't come to the uk it 's not hard . 
  we 've got plenty of our own neglected kids without taking on the waifs and strays of eastern europe too . 
  god , you czechoslovakians really need to update your geographical knowledge . 
  [ the same mouse that had all of its babies impaled on a tree and eaten by a shrike . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4ivg-5kihva ) we knew how to make kids tv back in the day . 
  disraeli was a white male anglican who converted from judaism , alongside his father , at the age of 12 . 
  not really a poster boy for minorities doing well in the uk . 
  but in response to your question , no i 'm not frightened . 
  why should anyone be frightened ? 
  are minorities suddenly in danger because ` one of them ' is n't on the commission ? 
  i 'm firmly against tokenism and quotas , you should be able to compete for jobs free from discrimination but so should your rivals . 
  there 's no such thing in my book as ` positive discrimination ' it is unfair and turns the people it claims to help into boxes to be ticked . 
  educated assumptions in this instance , and i have presented my reasoning as to why . 
  i also have n't really made any great leaps or assertions in regards to the specifics because as i said i 'm far from an expert in this case . 
  but as for the fact that the guardian is a bias source i assumed that was common knowledge . 
  are you saying that you think the guardian does present objective history ? 
   but i can see your problem . 
  evidently you could n't see a stick if i poked you in the eye with it . 
  did i ever say that the empire was good ? 
  that right wing newspapers are better ? 
  or in anyway mention the ` krauts ' at all ? 
  no i did n't so how about you leave your weird nonsensical assertions about the brits to posts where they have even a 0.1 % chance of being relevant . 
  question 1 : is the guardian a leftwing newspaper ? 
  question 2 : does this article in the guardian lionise people with a similar political leaning as itself ? 
  question 3 : can we reasonably assume that the guardian 's personal bias meant that it emphasised certain facts over others as it condensed complex history into one easily consumed article ? 
  if the answers to all of these questions is yes then we can conclude that it has provided us with . 
   some very interesting and under reported history tied up with the guardian 's heavy political bias . 
  aka my initial point . 
  did the nasty man propose historical objectivity ? 
  what a bad bad conservative person he must be for not tonguing the guardian 's arsehole . 
  you should go write a nice forthright blog about it , maybe on tumblr , that 'll show me . 
  and whilst you 're doing that i 'll stay here and talk to the grown ups . 
  i am implying that the guardian does n't report objective history nothing more nothing less . 
  i do n't know enough to speak on the specifics of greek internal politics in the pre and post war period . 
  this article is highly sympathetic towards eam , kke and elas and i have no doubts at all that all of its historical facts are correct . 
  but the guardian is a left wing newspaper and so you should always assume that it will omit or brush over uncomfortable facts or mitigating circumstances from the other side . 
  for example i am far from well versed on this particular issue but i 'm willing to go out on a limb and bet that a less sympathetic paper could create plenty of articles on the crimes committed by both sides . 
  one paragraph that mentions 15,000 prisoners were taken but not what happened to them is hardly balancing your argument . 
   there is no claim that elas , or the democratic army of greece which replaced it , were hapless victims . 
  there was indeed a `` red terror '' in response to the onslaught , and on the retreat from athens , elas took some 15,000 prisoners with them . 
  `` we did some killing , '' concedes glezos , `` and some people acted out of revenge . 
  but the line was not to kill civilians . '' that is the sum total of criticism levelled at elas and is successor in the whole thing . 
  also that last line may be 100 % true for all i know but as someone who grew up during the fallout of the troubles and the good friday peace agreement in northern ireland the ` yes we killed people but we did n't target civilians . ', 
  line always sets off my bullshit alarm . 
  it 's a fine starting point if you 're interested in this period of history but what i 'm saying is that you may want to do some broader reading than the guardian if you want a fuller understanding of who did what to who and why they did it . 
  some very interesting and under reported history tied up with the guardian 's heavy political bias . 
  better than their usual ` shame ' pieces at least but only an idiot would think that their account of anything is ever the whole story . 
  oh really ? 
  who would you say is better ? 
  i know you were mate , but we 'll be fine , immigration needs bringing under control i agree but the days of the british are n't numbered yet . 
  also we 're keeping stavros , much like the elgin marbles we 've grown too attached to send him away and think he 'll be better off with us . 
  i feel like we should be sat in a white marquee on a lawn somewhere eating little cakes whilst jerusalem plays in the background . 
  i 'll tell stavros down at the fat olive you want him back home shall i ? 
  how has no one in america ripped off greggs yet ? 
  you people were made to eat pies . 
  a fine point , let me add that to the list properly . 
  * invented football . 
  well i would n't swap places with anyone in any other country so i suppose i must be . 
  least bad is best by default i guess . 
  we 'll all know when he 's converted for real once he starts adding arabic translations to all of his posts . 
  [ here 's another classic transylvanian song but with lyrics ] ( https://youtu.be/lwujjxxogy4?t=30 ), 
  i think he means that 80 % of reddit disagrees with ` leftist proimmigration policy ' so 80 % are ` right wing ' , at least on this particular issue . 
  okay chief i 've got some advice for you if you 're going to be the public mouthpeice of this movement here on reddit . 
  first of all you 're not on twitter , ending posts in a hashtag makes you sound obnoxious and amateurish . 
  i get that you 're trying to raise brand awareness or whatever but the brand awareness you 're promoting is one of ` oh it 's these twitter bellends poncing around on reddit . ', 
  just be aware of that fact . 
  second denigration is never an efficient tool to win popular support . 
  telling people how shit and insignificant their country is is counter productive as it raises nationalist sentiment as people get defensive . 
  no one likes being described as a pygmy particularly if they do n't believe it themselves - the world 's sixth tallest man is n't a dwarf just because there are five people taller than him . 
  eu positives have to be the overwhelming majority of your campaign rather than the ` you 're nothing alone . ', 
  approach , also the eu = peace in our time does n't really fly with the british public . 
  third you tone is caught somewhere between formal letter ( which is what i think you 're going for ) and university essay . 
  i get that you 're trying to differentiate yourselves from the average joe public comments but again your tone is off it comes across as disingenuous and artificial . 
  case in point , do n't put your buzzwords in italics . 
  we 're not stupid we can see alliteration you do n't have to point out the fact that you had a brainstorming session to come up with the 3 e 's . 
  also be aware of how much buzzwords are a turn off to people who are disenchanted with politics in the age of spin . 
  be honest , be earnest , be real . 
  ( see i learned about the rule of 3 in year 9 too ) do n't be afraid of facts even if they go against you sometimes , nobody trusts north korea 's 99.7 % turnout and they wo n't trust a campaign that tells them the eu is 100 % a positive for the uk with no downsides whatsoever . 
  be prepared to admit that the is room for improvement when there is , it will win you more support in the long run than denying any problems whatsoever . 
  be prepared to argue you case with people who disagree with you . 
  many people are concerned and have reservations but there are relatively few dyed in the wool europhobes who can never be convinced . 
  make you case and crucially if you 're on the internet do n't simply dismiss people who disagree , people 's concerns are valid to them and there will be many people who share similar concerns regarding the eu . 
  it either looks like you 're running away or you 're out of touch with real people . 
  if you make your case well even if you do n't win over your direct target but you may win round some observers . 
  and finally do your best to avoid being perceived as ivory tower activists , real people do n't like politicking and as i said earlier are very wary of spin and the language that pervades modern politics . 
  think more roosevelt 's fire side chats and less alastair campbell . 
  there you go some , advice from me to you . 
  i might be preaching to the choir or banging my head against a brick wall , but whatever , it 's the same advice i 'd give anyone . 
  use some of it , all of it or none of it as you see fit . 
   the implication is that violence is unique to multi-cultural societies . 
  do n't worry , europeans have found reasons to kill each other long before the late 20th century . 
  the most destructive wars in europe were between homogeneous states . 
  he 's referring to internal state conflicts and tensions and i think you know that . 
  also you examples of european americans are arguments in favour of assimilation as they all abandoned their own languages for english and became americans . 
   you will be using goods and services created by immigrant labour because british people do n't want kids but still want the quality of life of a modern economy . 
  and you 're going to need immigrants for as long as people do n't want kids . 
  also , our mathematics , science , philosophy and arts come from greece , rome , medieval arabs , iranians , indians , mainland europe and north america . 
  you 're reading this in a language from scandinavia using letters from italy , words from french/german/greek and numbers from india . 
  your coffee is from south america/africa , tea from india , tv from china , lounge from japan , phone from korea , clothes from south asia , food from australia , europe and americas , your computer and internet were designed in the us , you 'll probably go to some non-british food restaurant tonight and maybe use drugs from afghanistan/laos . 
  none of those things are products of multiculturalism , they 're products of globalisation , except for foreign restaurants and he 's right about there being no need for a chinese chef to cook chinese food , or and indian one to cook a curry .
