  the germans have a rebate on our rebate iirc so they shift the main cost of our rebate onto the french and italians . 
  not my fucking problem , the italians do n't owe me for the roman conquest and i do n't owe a load of people i 've never met , many of whom never lived under a colonial government , anything purely because their ancestors were once conquered by my countrymen . 
  it makes him cold hearted but not much else , we in the west are taught ` do as i say not as i do . ', 
  that is our key message , keep the ideals alive for when we live in an ideal world but until then we 'll be hard faced realists who betray the ideals we preach to our children everyday . 
  and to be brutally honest i agree with the sentiment , maybe not killing them but i do n't think we europeans owe the rest of the world jack shit just because their own countries are a shambles , we 're not america and it 's high time we stopped trying to be . 
  skilled foreign labour with a purpose and a role to fill , great , but we do n't need to take in the great unwashed of the world . 
  you make a perfectly rational argument regarding ukip in the eu and i can fully see your point but it is an undemocratic idea to block them as long as the people who vote for them are eligible to vote . 
  undemocratic does n't have to be a catch-all term for bad , stick to your guns and your line of reasoning , it is undemocratic but here 's why ... it is a understandable view to hold but not one i agree with . 
  that 's my contribution to your previous argument where i think you two were unable to connect , not sure if i cleared anything up . 
  we want the same thing in regards to europe but you clearly have more faith in the commission and the parliament to deliver than i do , this is the real world and you take what advantages you can get and this is an opportunity to get something done . 
  besides the british have for some time taken the bullet for other repatriation sympathisers in germany , scandinavia and the netherlands by being the aggressive face of this movement many of them agree with our stand point ( it 's really not that unreasonable in theory ) but its easier for intereu relations if they can pretend to be placating the noisy brits rather than actively backing an unpopular idea they agree with at a national level . 
  it means regardless of where you were born you ca n't change what you are and although people/animal analogies open the user up to scrutiny and criticism in the context of the nationality/ethnicity debate it does make sense . 
  i never said you were against democracy that was my esteemed countryman , although i agree with his assertion that denying anyone the vote regardless of your reasoning is an undemocratic act , nor did i say this was democratic only that it was in the best interest of the british people . 
  you are sort of correct about scotland it was pacified and as a result the scottish people have free higher education and a series of other perks that the rest of the uk does n't , this is not fair but it is beneficial to the scottish people . 
  scotland is a larger part of the uk in terms of % of gdp but britain is a net contributor to the eu project the third highest of only 9 out of 28 eu nations who pay more than they receive and to lose that would add significant unwanted pressure to the remaining 8 contributors . 
  at the end of the day we do n't even want that much , we 'll still pay out more than we get back , we 'll still sit around politely when president whoever pretends to be our leader and we 'll still split the main eu military burden with the french , we 're not asking for another rebate we just want some powers returned to national governments and hopefully a better more efficient system for all europeans . 
  as for the other point you 're right but we do n't live in federal europe yet the british are still a sovereign nation and we do n't feel like we have a voice . 
  43 of our mep 's will be outside the mega voting bloc and those within will likely be relegated to footnotes . 
  personally i 'm against leaving and am in favour of strong british commitment because we could do great things for europe if the will was there to do it . 
  the public perception of eu-british interests is that the rest of europe only want us to do 3 things , to pay , to die and to shut up and however right or wrong that perception is it does n't help the european cause over here . 
  in other news , sun rises in east !, 
  water is wet !, 
  and 50 other blatantly obvious facts you just wo n't believe . 
   why ca n't you just vote to stay or not and if you do stay then vote to push for the type of eu you want for britain ? 
  because the threat of leaving is all we have to negotiate with . 
  if 100 % of the british electorate turned out and 100 % voted for the conservatives or whoever else with the mandate to renegotiate power for the british people we would still only have 73 meps out of 750 . 
  we have more votes than most but they 're ultimately insignificant especially considering the split in the british vote , so we have very little power democratically as one nation on our own . 
  what we do have is the unilateral power to take our ball and go home , the germans may take the lions share of the eu monetary burden but that burden gets a lot more unpleasant without british to help shoulder our chunk of it , not to mention the diplomatic and military weight we lend the eu by our presence . 
  at the moment we seem to be the only ` big ' eu nation that seriously appears to be willing to leave the whole project and go it alone , that gives us a position of strength greater than our number of votes from which to protect british interests and to further the interests of europeans who also want repatriation of powers . 
  now in any negotiation you will almost certainly have to compromise to reach a final deal , if the negotiation starts with one side on 5 ( serious reform ) and the other on 10 ( as little reform as possible ) in terms of where their desired outcomes are then 7.5 ( limited reform ) might be a reasonable compromise , but if somehow the initial starting position of one side was moved to an extreme so the debate was now between 1 and 10 the initial starting position of 5 seems much more reasonable . 
  ukip does this for the conservatives , cameron can point to the more hardline ukip and by moving the field of debate to one extreme his initial position of major eu reforms becomes a more acceptable compromise than a uk exit . 
  which is why having a ukip power in europe but not in the national government is an effective way of getting more of what we want until such a time as the threat of a british exit is no longer serious . 
  because if there 's one thing xenophobes love it 's being told what to do by foreigners . 
  from 2009 ? 
  you mean after ukip had already won 16.5 % of the eu election vote and beat the labour party into second place . 
  yea he was a real unknown quantity for sure , good thing rt used its massive influence amongst the ordinary british voters to keep him on the table . 
  yea that pesky democracy 's always getting in the way of the next great elitist pet project . 
  oh you sweet summer child , the british people having been preparing for the new drinking wars for generations , you do n't know what you 're getting into . 
  the marquis de lafayette say people in glass houses should n't throw stones at their ocean crossing friends . 
  and why does n't the prime minister fill this role for you ? 
  when we need the vogelbekdier reinforcements i 'll give you a call . 
  the greek root is correct but there is no universally accepted term for more than one platypus . 
  platypus , platypuses and platypodes have all been put forward and are in various states of use . 
  no it 's platypus , like sheep . 
  one platypus , many platypus , a herd of platypus . 
  the civil war battle lines of the green nations have been drawn . 
  and australia has the natural resources and europe and america have the markets for chinese goods . 
  it 's only in their interest to be allies until it is n't . 
  china has much more to gain from not being the wests enemy that it does from being russia 's friend . 
  not really it 's a case of the fish getting bigger each time the fisherman retells the story . 
  the american national identity is in large based on the revolution and so it 's importance is often exaggerated by americans , who are always the heroes of any revolution area story . 
  for example , american colonists revolted against a tax rate that was lower than that of their counterparts in the british isles and demonstrations on mainland britain had been suppressed by troops using lethal force . 
  the english civil war had seen the monarchy overthrown and a puritan republic declared ( people often forget this period in british history when they talk about the period of revolutions ) after the death of cromwell the monarchy was restored with the powers of parliament pretty much secured . 
  britain knew what kind of nation it was well before any american influence existed . 
  that being said , to some extent the traditional animosity towards france helped to refine the british national identity into one of being the anti-france but this was a development of previous rivalry rather than a new influence . 
  the establishment of outremer was not a colonial act ? 
  the installment of a foreign elite ruling over a local native populace accompanied by settlers from western europe ? 
  but they are seeking compensation based on the actions of individuals , nations were n't enslaved by other nations . 
  slave owners were private individuals who were legally allowed to carry out the private act of slavery and without this there would be no ground for a suit . 
  the infrastructure of the caribbean nations is rudimentary compared to modern western europe but they are westernised . 
  the native carribs nor the african slaves had electricity or paved roads or hospitals before exposure to western imperialism these are n't as good as in europe but they do exist in the caribbean . 
  look i 'll try and break my point of view down , it 's overly simplified but bear with me . 
  `` build me a house for free . '', 
  `` why ? '', 
  `` i have no reason just do it . '', 
  `` build me a house for free . '', 
  `` why ? '', 
  `` your granddad was horrible to my granddad it 's only fair . '', 
  it 's using the plight of dead people to extract benefits for their descendants from the citizens of another nation who are descended from the people who were the fellow citizens of private individuals who had slaves . 
  does the caribbean need investment ? 
  yes . 
  would western investment be a humanitarian act , just about but it 's insulting to the current state of caribbean nations really . 
  is using the past of slavery a suitable justification to demand investment and wipe out debt ( effectively demanding money ) instead of say investment loans . 
  not in my book . 
  what he 's done there is confused neolithic with monolithic . 
  by my argument they ca n't if all parties involved in the act at the heart of the suit are dead . 
  if even a single slave owner or slave was still alive then make a case by all means . 
  but there has to be a line drawn somewhere or the vatican is liable to be sued for every crusade it sanctioned . 
  the death of all parties who were living during the event seem as reasonable cut off to me . 
  the issue of the commonwealth is a more important factor than it is often credited as being . 
  for many eu nations the key european question for both trade and security is ` who do we have if not each other ? ', 
  in the commonwealth britain has an alternative that other european countries do n't . 
  ^ as the final act of the uk as a global superpower . 
  but nor to you imprison john smith jr. for a murder committed by john smith sr. 
  do n't forget though that the monarchy returned to france with the bonaparte dynasty . 
  if the last monarch had n't been captured by the prussians and if his son had n't been killed by the zulus whilst he was fighting for the british who knows what would have happened ? 
  keep zooming out and there 's another green continent beyond that filled with platypus . 
   i thought that the anti-eu rethoric would unite the people in uk against a `` common foe '' but it does n't seem to be working as planned london has been set against the rest of the nation since deindustrialization , well before we were bothered about the eu . 
  if london split off into a separate city state the rest of england would get on much more harmoniously with the rest of the uk . 
  we have armistice day on november 11th which remembers the fallen of britain and the empire from ww1 onward . 
  at 11:00 am we hold a national minutes silence and there are ceremonies at [ cenotaphs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_cenotaph,_whitehall ) across the country the main one being in london . 
  gibberish , gibberish , gibberish , once sentence of perfect english , gibberish . 
  no we have our regional accents for that , we can just stop speaking slowly and politely to foreigners and speed up into our broad unintelligible gibberish . 
  see ? 
  not annoyed at all ... 
  there are almost no welsh speakers who are n't fluent in english and those who have somehow managed to live their entire lives in the uk without being able to speak english are n't going to be migrating abroad anytime soon so do n't worry about them . 
  i enjoyed learning spanish in school and maybe because our family holidays were in a part of spain that had very few english tourists ( when i was a kid anyway , not anymore ) it did n't feel like a waste of time . 
  that , i think , is the main downfall of foreign languages in britain rather than teaching . 
  people learning english can see the world that it connects them with and german can speak to a spaniard an italian a russian or a finn by shared learning of one language , the world opens up to them . 
  whereas an english student already has this universal language and unless they spend time in non anglophone areas it just seems like a lot of homework and stress for a party piece they will never have to use .
