  out of numerous journalists , she was the only one with the quick wit to realize that a few hundred refugees in an open field may start a stampede and that the best course of action is to kick and trip a man with a child . 
  there 's no better way of stopping a stampede which may decimate entire cities than to create an obstacle for them to trip on . 
  oh , and i 'm sorry to inform you , but judging by what you just said , you should would away from fire . 
  they can be [ quite deadly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_fires ) . 
  pretty sure that was just the trailer for the new call of duty game . 
  hey guys . 
  let 's go for a compromise . 
  fences are made out of iron , right ? 
  let 's call it the iron curtain !, 
  masters degree ? 
  what is this patriarchal word ? 
  what 's wrong with a mistress degree ? 
  you just triggered me . 
  i hope you feel good about yourself for raping me you whitetrash cis scum !, 
  sure , for the first few times it 's fun , but afterwards , it becomes hectic - you just want to go through all of the procedures quickly and just be done with it . 
  i fly often and i sort of become a zombie an in airport , doing everything subconsciously . 
  check in , get your passport ready , remove your belt and all other stuff , go through the customs as quickly as possible . 
  go and have a pint or two ... or three , ignoring all the duty free stores . 
  be the last one at the queue , get inside the plane , zone out , ignore all of the instructions . 
  put some music , zone out , bam , you are at your destination without knowing what the fuck just happened . 
  why would you need a gun for recreation ? 
  just get an airsoft gun and it will accomplish everything a regular gun will for recreation , other than you know , kill somebody . 
  edit : last i checked , i posted this on / r/europe , not / r/texas . 
  and counterfeit stuff . 
  i bought myself some rayban wayfarers from ali . 
  i got the expensive ones ( they cost 30 euros ! ) . 
  seriously , i ca n't tell the difference between the real ones and the ones i have . 
  perfect quality , no difference between them and the real ones . 
  jungle is massive . 
  rednecks and hippies united . 
  though the party does advocate for technocracy , so our minister cabinet may finally be competent again . 
  i will fight with honor !, 
  i am pretty happy even lithuanians appreciate vilnius . 
  i 've traveled quite a bit and i have to say that vilnius is quite an amazing city to live in . 
  the only problem is public transportation - with how quickly the city is growing , there has to be some solution . 
  maybe all dat nordic money will finance a train/metro system finally . 
  it would be quite cool and sp00ky d00t d00t to pass through vilnius catacombs while commuting to work . 
  it 's probably chili pizza . 
  not the cheapest , and they never slice pizza 's unless you ask them to . 
  it 's even more frustrating considering years ago they used to slice up the pizzas . 
  but they 've noticed the majority of the people still eat with a knife and fork so they even stopped doing that :(, 
  it 's not just that . 
  everything is wrong in this picture . 
  garbage pizza ? 
  check . 
  ketchup and/or mayo ? 
  check . 
  eating with a knife and fork instead of eating slices ( which you have up slice up yourself ? ), 
  check , check . 
  check . 
  how to know if the person is a kgb agent ? 
  ask him to sit . 
  it 's even a better deal than that !, 
  `` buy one ak , get four grenades for free '', 
  russia finances a lot of artists and their foreign tours . 
  i worked at klaipeda 's culture centre and 80 % of the troupes there were russian . 
  circuses , childrens play , musicians , everything you can imagine . 
  heck , did you know masha and medved has 3 different plays ? 
  now , you might be saying that klaipeda has a big russian population and that 's the reason they go there . 
  well yes you may be right . 
  but not enough people go and see these plays to make it worth it . 
  common sense . 
  burning is cultural appropriation you shitlord . 
  it 's especially noticeable when you are driving to klaipeda on the highway . 
  you see these massive logistics centres with an insane amount of trucks just parked there , unused , each month racking up tax . 
  there 's a saying in lithuania which we attribute to russians ( not sure if they use it or not ) : if he beats you , he loves you . 
  5000 rubles on russia . 
  lithuanians do n't really commemorate it . 
  the russians withdrew from world war 1 before germany came and anexed it . 
  there was n't really any major fighting what so ever . 
  lithuania was supposed to become a protectorate of germany at first , but just before the end of the war when germany was clearly losing signed the act of independence . 
  that 's the very basic gist of it because the entire region was in political turmoil . 
  is it coincidence that turkey has the most refugees from syria ? 
  i think not !, 
  damn those refugees ruining their country and then bringing their violent culture . 
  i do n't even need to read the article to know that the perpetrators name is middle-eastern . 
   that 's why you ca n't tolerate that much heat as well honestly , even you portuguese ca n't tolerate when it 's humid and hot . 
  i have a portuguese friend who now lives in lithuania and she ca n't stand the heatwaves here during the summer due to the humidity . 
  why not the baltics then . 
  higher standart of living and we always need people . 
  latvia has a huge russian speaking population and if you want to deal with russian clients , moscow is just one train ride . 
  still probably has enough combat bonuses to defeat a triplane . 
  was i the only one who blinked at the wrong moment and missed the goal ? 
  that was an intense match . 
  good job portugal for pushing this trough without ronaldo . 
  it is possible , but it wo n't happen as it will set up a precedent . 
  with immigration such a hot topic in all of europe , the last thing you want to do is give other countries the illusion that leaving the eu would allow you to take full control of your borders . 
  it would start the domino effect of countries with a strong right-wing sympathy leaving the eu . 
  and when that starts happening you can forget about the eu . 
  and demonstrate your guinness pouring skills . 
  in other news vladimir putin has announced that he is distressed by mother russia 's diet and in turn is making a giant smoothie to encourage it to eat healthier . 
  this looks depressing as fuck . 
  heck , even povilaitis funeral seemed more cheerful than this . 
  hey , the music was the most awesome part of it . 
  i do n't know , for me gay pride events are all about celebrating love . 
  and what other way to celebrate than to dance and have fun !, 
  without it , it would have been very dull and boring . 
  if anything , next time they need more party buses !, 
  with varied music genres so that everyone is included !, 
  to our defense , gdp does n't mean a lot .
