   also , has n't the `` pay gap '' been debunked for ye it was debunked since the beginning , but it did not matter . 
  disagreeing with feminists is so terrifying to politicians and public figures in the west that people just parrot their nonsense without thought , even the damn president of the usa , obama , stated it , publicly , on television ... ffs . 
  oh , i do not agree with that connection . 
  it is most probably the case of raising a child as a single parent being far more difficult . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  did n't work out the last time it was tried . 
  the allies even held istanbul for 5 years and had to give it up . 
  all because ataturk . 
  croatia , [ in the middle of the city streets . 
  yes , but this particular aspect is about the children spawned after those options are taken by those people . 
  considering that the results are same regardless of country , culture , societal structure , race or religion ... 
  marriage or at least two parent households . 
  single parent households have bad consequences for the child on every level , from iq , to mental issues , to likelihood of criminal behavior etc. 
  having a political opinion ? 
  a lot of people would survive a nuclear holocaust , at least for a time . 
  you ca n't nuke everyone . 
  erm , no , the entire coastline is quite habitable , especially during the medieval warm period . 
  [ gear up , it is inevitable . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ih_l0vbisoe ), 
  this will all be fixed very soon . 
  people will stop aging and dying within a few decades and the vast majority of the human population will be exterminated anyways because automation will make them nothing more than a problem for the cyborg ruling class . 
  well , in most places actually . 
  even in the islamic world , there were often 100s of km between large urban centers , large swaps of territory not unlike europe at the time . 
  well , damn . 
  huh . 
  just a warning , jakubmarian maps have been repeatedly debunked as presenting faulty data . 
  for instance , their average height map that is usually plastered everywhere is utterly wrong and can be debunked by a simple wikipedia search . 
   ajuntament what is that ? 
  lol , you are comparing spain with the rump state that is croatia . 
  importing people while having an 18 + % unemployment rate is imbecilic . 
  take your irrational altruism and stick it up your virtuous ass . 
  if you want to receive refugees , do so as a private citizen , do not force it upon the taxpayer like some collectivist scum . 
  simply donating money to refugee charities would be far more effective than relocating them to spain . 
  where did you register ? 
  sneaky . 
  so you are 77 + years old then ? 
  except now it is actually happening , entire factories are being replaced by robots , even in china , let alone europe . 
   if cultural marxism is the cause of europe overwhelmingly being the best place to live on the planet then please let me know where i can learn more about cultural marxism no , that would be free market capitalism with a droplet of socialism . 
  cultural marxism , in the conspiratorial point of view , is trying to undo all that progress through nefarious means in order to take a dump on western civilization . 
  because germany is an economic juggernaut while spain has is in a stagnating hole with very high unemployment . 
  excellent , round them all up and set up a refugee for every one of them to come live in their home . 
  problem solved , 160 000 refugees housed . 
  great . 
  also , it would appear that you managed to post this in the most inactive hour of r/europe , you should have waited for midday instead of posting in 1-2 am lol . 
  i hope it does not get drowned in posts before the lot even wakes up . 
  bosnia had them . 
  they were the heroes bosnia did n't deserve , but not the one they needed right then , or ever really . 
  well the first argument will probably be about the issue of other european countries experiencing a steady decline in crime , making the fluctuating part misleading and not exactly good news in comparison . 
  it would be great if you could do the same with denmark/norway and then compare . 
  perhaps also put in a european low migration country in it as well for comparison , perhaps czechia or slovenia . 
  there is also the issues of data being made up solely out of resolved crimes ( some will argue that migrant crime is more `` unsolved '' ) but there is no way of going around that one . 
  good work overall , impressive . 
  not true , we never had a fu manchu mustache leader . 
  nice talking with you as well . 
  best regards, 
   my only argument is that you cant compare paris with zagreb . 
  you ca n't compare a city of of complete worldwide irrelevance with one of the most important cities on earth . 
  why ? 
   the political/social / situation is nothing alike  the media influence is nothing alike  history is nothing alike so ? 
   economic situation is nothing alike . 
  yeah , in zagreb it is worse , yet the situation is far better ( for some elusive reason ) . 
   they have nothing in common so the comparison is utterly irrelevant . 
  both cities have a population , that is literally the main thing that matters in demographical sociology . 
   maybe some day you will understand . 
  maybe someday you will stop using sad excuses of denial in order to sideline an issue you are afraid to notice or talk about . 
   keep pushing the goalpost . 
  lol what ? 
   i never claimed that tokyo has the same issues i never claimed you did . 
   zagreb is not even close to their level of population size , which is for some reason some ultimate arbiter of comparison in your strange mind . 
   its beyond silly to use it as example in this context why ? 
   and no its not only the size and population that are different , everything is . 
  haha , so you just contradict your own argument as a conclusion . 
  just , magnificent . 
   there is nothing in which you can compare zagreb with paris . 
  they are both capitals of a european country , only the size and composition of the population is different . 
   being the capital of a country is the only thing they have incommon . 
  ridiculous claim . 
   i did n't ignore shit . 
  you did . 
   every single megapolis is plagued by problems which can indeed be a different kind . 
  pathetic attempt at sidelining . 
   tokyo does not have problems with riots but they have other issues . 
  so you admit that tokyo does not have the same ghetto issues as paris ? 
  good . 
   the thing is you are not comparing paris with another mega city but with a place with economic output 50 times smaller . 
  lol we could indeed do comparisons with similar cities economically or in population side , and indeed we would come to the same conclusion , that there is a specific problem in paris and that problem is the background of a certain portion of the population . 
  the cities with similar issues that paris has nearly always suffer from that same issue . 
  i was not comparing sizes though . 
  nifty how you ignored that there are cities much bigger than paris with a higher population density that do not have those problems though . 
  lol , you are just being pissy . 
  your ad hominem 's are more sad than insulting . 
   riots are the only negative thing in your mind ? 
   try with organized crime groups/human traffic/prostitution/drug trade/massive corruption on the highest level and so on . 
  yes ? 
   zagreb big and stronk it is . 
  nearly 800k and barely any crime . 
   illegals come by themselves and overstay their visas , or by other illegal means . 
  why am i to blame for ` importing ' people ? 
  i am not blaming you . 
  but that is an excuse , a proper policing action could deport the vast majority of illegals , but there is 0 political will to do so .
