   no , it 's much more complicated than that . 
  alright , but it is still not a result of planned segregation , but a series of unfortunate ties . 
  especially considering the amount of people who came there after the 60s-70s . 
  yeah , damn those riots and devastation in tokyo . 
  how can the japanese function with them 35 million people and such density . 
  much riots , wow . 
   do you not notice anything ? 
  paris is almost 6 times smaller yet has more than double the population . 
  seems like you should stop importing people then if population density is the issue . 
   who perpetrates the crimes ? 
  yes , 3rd generation north africans that is quite exclusive , i am sure 1st and 2nd generation participate as well . 
   it is a problem caused by france doing a shit job at integrating them exactly . 
   ( segregating them in gigantic buildings very far away from the city ) . 
  no , there is no planned population control by the french government , they segregate themselves . 
  not their fault you westerners can not comprehend the reality and causation of tribalism and ethnicity . 
   but you act like riots do n't happen in big metropolitan areas they happen , in specific metropolitan areas with a specific problem . 
   and why are you refuting my nyc claim ? 
  i am not . 
   it 's completely valid , both are rich global metropolitan cities with shady neighborhoods . 
  yes , and both with a very similar issue . 
   your exaggerated claims concerning the riots what claim was exaggerated ? 
   are you a fucking idiot to compare paris to zagreb ? 
  both are capitals of a country and zagreb is far poorer . 
   compare it to nyc which has similar shady neighborhoods yes , because nyc has a similar issue as paris  look up the statistics on who perpetrates the crimes and forms those shady neighborhoods . 
   the cars set on fire were in the banlieues , nowhere near the capital , which is something that regularly happens some yes , others were in the city . 
  you can not hide the riots in paris , they are all over the internet whenever they happen . 
   i need some sources for your claims as well what claims ? 
  yeah no . 
  you can go anywhere in zagreb and even the poorest parts will be relatively normal looking and utterly safe . 
  from what i 've seen in paris , the non-european native inhabited areas are very bad , sometimes even worse than some middle eastern slums i visited . 
  you parisians and french are just normalizing all this as a defensive mechanism . 
  similar how some here tried to normalize hundred of fucking cars being set on fire in paris as regular urban vandalism lol . 
  1 ) i am not denying the export part at all , can you not read ? 
  2 ) lol , your own quote does not say what you claim . 
  it reshaped nothing , europeans had blast furnaces for centuries by that point and industrial smelting became a thing merely a few decades after that . 
  the quote is garbage . 
   if your gon na call me a liar no , i am merely correcting your imbecilic claims based on nothing . 
  also , you are using wikipedia and acting like some authority with it lol . 
  wikipedia is not to be cited , but merely used for reference , as it is hilariously unreliable . 
  so no , wootz steel had absolutely no impact whatsoever on the development of metallurgy in europe . 
   says otherwise it does n't . 
   indicating the steel was widely exported as cake ingots to china , europe , and the middle east . 
  widely , not in great quantities . 
  even in india that steel was not the norm but the top of the line . 
   and reshaped the metallurgical practices of europe and russia in the 17th centuray completely false , it had no impact whatsoever since that form of forging crucible steel was never adopted in those areas , but europe simply invented blast furnaces separately . 
  even your own wikipedia link does not state what you are claiming . 
  the europeans were actually the first , the celts were doing it since before the roman empire . 
   if u try to rebute someone in a `` scientific '' discussion , you have to give sources which strengthen your point . 
  otherwise you comments carry no weight . 
  erm , no , that is not how that works . 
  if one interlocutor states a claim , the other may demand proof and it is to the former to provide it . 
  the one demanding may provide if he desires so , but has no obligation to since he is not the one making the claim . 
  the discussion was about me negating his claims , not me stating claims to be sourced . 
  but you are right , i provided no sources , as nobody demanded any from me . 
  i ca n't seem to find anything about the quote online . 
  it is possible i have been lied to . 
  the only thing i found apart from that one is [ this ] ( https://books.google.hr/books?id=bkn0cqaaqbaj&amp;pg=pa197&amp;lpg=pa197&amp;dq=european+merchants+supply+the+best+weaponry+contributing+to+their+own+defeat.&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=4kilumetdm&amp;sig=sxc9newn3e6z9nhwcm-sqwaehx0&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewirxmle1pxsahvfaxokhsijcegq6aeiptaj#v=onepage&amp;q=european%20merchants%20supply%20the%20best%20weaponry%20contributing%20to%20their%20own%20defeat.&amp;f=false ) , and it is not really anything of weight . 
  i will look into it further , it is possible that an english translation is not available online so google does not give any proper results . 
   we both made claims here . 
  well , not really , i just denied them   and you either want to go to the bottom of the stories or you wan na swing dicks , holier than thou , and sling shit . 
  you triggered me with the shitty websites , apart from that we could have agreed to disagree . 
   i wo n't start to assume we had some exceptional steel i am not claiming that . 
  the issue in the original statement was between japan and europe , not china and europe . 
   neither have you . 
  you are the one with the claims . 
   you claim that saladin said that . 
  give me a link to the original document saying that . 
  ... it is a primary source , a 12th century letter . 
  you can find publication data tied to it though , one such ; http://library.philadelphia.edu.jo/scripts/minisa.dll/144/libcat/en_detail/accession_number+83219?sessionsearch, 
   in reality , european steel up to the 1750s was run of the mill and had nothing special compared to other parts of the world . 
  well , it was better than that in japan , which was the point of the statement . 
   in reality , european steel up to the 1750s was run of the mill and had nothing special compared to other parts of the world . 
  europe had a mass of blast furnaces since the 13th century and produced enormous amounts of high quality product , the crucible steel from india was superior as a material , but it was simply produced in miniscule quantities in comparison . 
   that damascus steel was made in syria before the crusaders came ? 
  no , that is not the discussion here . 
  pathetic attempt at sidelining . 
   http://materials.iisc.ernet.in/~wootz/heritage/wootz.htm now that is better . 
  still absolutely nothing about what we were discussing since the sources are talking about antiquity and not the medieval period or the crusades , but at least it is not some shitty website with nothing stated apart from sensationalist blabber . 
  you do n't have to , you still provided nothing , especially onto what we were discussing . 
  i am not denying that crucible steel was made in the middle east lol . 
   not imported steel ** imported techiques ** . 
  the use of indian crucible forging techniques being passed to damascus and saracen and then to invading crusaders lol no . 
  the europeans had pattern welding for over a 1000 years by that point . 
  as for smelting crucible , that would require blast furnaces . 
   is well documented . 
  no , it is not . 
  apart from various plonker websites , historical sources mention none of this . 
  firstly , yes , that is why the import theory is currently being propagated , but apart from that connection , there is basically no evidence for it cming from india . 
  secondly , what the hell does that have to do with the development of metallurgy in medieval europe and sword production ? 
  about 99.99 % of swords forged in europe at the time were not made out of that type of ingots . 
  heck , the majority of swords made in india or the middle east at the time were n't crucible steel either . 
   https://www.newscientist.com/article/mg21328502-600-lost-treasures-miraculous-damascus-steel/ lol , again , not a historical source . 
  no citations . 
  just the usual website blabber . 
   we can play this game all day long . 
  yeah , you can keep sending me trash articles and i can repeat to you that that is not historiography . 
   european crusaders returned home with tales of islamic warriors wielding blades that could slice through a floating handkerchief , bend 90 degrees and flex back with no damage . 
  they called the metal damascus steel . 
  despite centuries of advances in material science , exactly how the islamic swordsmiths created it is still unknown . 
  lol source ?
