  lots and lots of money . 
   actually the chances are n't that bad . 
  not the case from the works i read so far . 
   the federal agency for employment estimates 50 % after 5 years , 70 % after 15 years . 
  i hope that is the case , however some argue that the numbers are very optimistic and that achieving 15-20 % in the coming 5 years would be a good result . 
  not to mention that the vast majority of them are low skilled workers who will likely become essentially unemployable as automation starts kicking in 2018 onwards . 
   the money also is n't flowing back into the economy ( like the domestic spending on refugee is ) good argument , but you are still spending already created capital , meaning , the money `` flowing back '' is already created wealth that you are merely spending within your economy . 
  the equivalent would be spending 90 billion on a massive statue . 
   and there is zero chance of any of them ever making a contribution that could balance out the costs there is very little chance that any significant number of them will find long term employment , not to mention that the flow has n't stopped , they are still coming . 
  he is right . 
  however , soros is also a bigger threat to europe 's existence than isis . 
  1 ) give tunisia 10-15 billion euro 's in exchange for them doing whatever we need them to do . 
  2 ) problem solved . 
  dude , germany announced over 90 billion in cost for refugees in the coming few years ... 
   it would require infringing on libyan ( or someone else ) sovereignty . 
  not really , making a deal with tunisia could be the fixer . 
  well , no , because getting assassinated sooner or later is still getting assassinated . 
  i was speaking merely in terms of the empire itself and the average citizen . 
  the roman empire was n't particularly stable ? 
  the issue is that those 20 ruled for quite a number of years each while those who were assassinated often ruled as short as a few months each , so that instability is lumped into a smaller number of years . 
  also , imperial instability usually just affected rome itself and whatever areas the usurpers were active in , in most cases the rest of the empire ( usually the vast majority of it ) went on living their lives as if it was peacetime . 
  that is , until the migration period started and most of the western empire started collapsing alongside the usurpation and civil wars . 
   but also stuff costs more not that much more . 
   but all the other aspects of life are better not really , in plenty of aspects life is good in croatia , for instance our homicide rate is quite low compared to most countries . 
   and there are barely any human rights respected ridiculous statement . 
   we have one , maybe two journalists who dare to write about the truth dude , the entire swarm of journalism in croatia does nothing else but talk shit about the politicians , wtf are you smoking ? 
   but they have to live in constant fear of execution that is ridiculous . 
  why would you troll a croatia thread on r/europe is beyond me though . 
   not even to mention the public execution of lawyer 's daughter on their doorstep because of the diamonds that our brave fuking general `` didnt '' steal that is just one example some years ago , along with the pukanic one , these things happen in other countries as well , including the west . 
   ( i left 1997 , and never coming back ) well fuck off then , you do n't have to shit talk the country while you are outside . 
  you obviously have personal emotional issues and you are dealing with them by being a cunt to your own country on the internet . 
  just fuck off . 
   what would u say , why r people leaving croatia ? 
  shitty economy ? 
  i thought that one is pretty clear . 
   austro-hungarian and then american , by nationality . 
  he was a citizen of the kingdom of croatia , within the a-u empire , as [ his passport states ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/putovnica_nikola_tesla_01082.jpg ) , but he was indeed an ethnic serb . 
  wish granted ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  `` according to domazet lo\u0161o , colonel vagn ove moebjerg nielsen , news sites , official documents and other types of sources , there is ** no single evidence , report , document or a statement ** about `` the bigest canadian battle since korean war '' as well as from either of these resources : '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_medak_pocket#croatian_denial it was probably a couple sporadic fire offs that went haywire because of hot blood and nothing more . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnvpxh0ll30 ), 
  [ somehow , it just happens . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dza6kmtbuqi ), 
  please no . 
  technically , it was an overthrown byzantine/roman prince that wanted his throne back and his blinded father freed from the dungeons . 
  [ magnificent . 
  huh , yeah , you are on point about that one . 
  bit of a wave off reply from my part . 
  always . 
  it is eligibleness that remains unaffected . 
  [ the std of my life has left me scarred , and deformed ... ] ( https://i.imgur.com/jn5meom.gifv ), 
  do n't make me choke you . 
  if he requires a certain angle , he is not attractive . 
  true , but turkey has islam . 
  just as franco had catholicism . 
  there are a number of factors in play , religion being equally important . 
  [ i rest my case . 
  `` he is a weak ruler , he who needs religion to uphold his government ; it is as if he would catch his people in a trap . 
  my people are going to learn the principles of democracy , the dictates of truth and the teachings of science . 
  superstition must go . 
  let them worship as they will ; every man can follow his own conscience , provided it does not interfere with sane reason or bid him against the liberty of his fellow-men . '', 
  erdogan , my allegiance is to the ataturk , to democracy !, 
  i have seen stale cabbages with more promise than that mans proposed policies . 
  how many meh looking actors/actresses are deemed attractive solely because they are famous ? 
  that is pretty neat . 
   how stupidly easily a democratic society can descend into totalitarianism cue weimar republic . 
  in order to ensure our security and continuing stability , the republic will be reorganized into the first islamist empire !, 
  ... for a safe , and secure , wahhabity !, 
   decent democracy , like most west democracies , are n't ruled by the tyranny of the majority . 
  why ca n't i enjoy a polygamous marriage anywhere in the west then ? 
   it does . 
  to start , they did n't vote . 
  they voted for the establishment that upholds those rules . 
   second , tyranny of the majority is n't democracy . 
  it is actually . 
  it is a result of a flaw in democracy , but still most definitely democracy . 
  voting for oppressive laws does not change the fact that they are a democracy . 
  that ship sailed [ some years before that . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trialism_in_austria-hungary ), 
  we stopped being central europe in 1918 , it is all ogre now . 
  is the legitimacy of a democracy tied to homosexuality laws ? 
  whelp , i gave it my best . 
  which state in north africa or the levant is a theocracy ? 
  diversity is your strength ? 
   there are more that 300k chrisians only in morocco and more than 15m in egypt . 
  there is no reliable data , yet you are using the highest possible numbers , christians could be as low as 20-30 000 in morroco and 4-5 million in egypt . 
  but yeah , the number i stated is too low . 
   before the 16th and 17th centuries all indigenous americans had their own religions . 
  exactly , that is how monotheistic religions function , there can only be one dominant one in a certain area . 
   by the way , christians were a majority in egypt until the late middle ages . 
  i will look into this . 
   it 's easy to think that everything is black or white and that islam is evil , but things are usually more complicated . 
  alright . 
  what is wrong with estonians ? 
  they seem kewl . 
   there are actually quite a lot of christians in north africa and levant ridiculous statement , there are a few hundred thousand to a million , down from being a majority before the 7th-8th century . 
   that are n't persecuted you mean , apart from all the swarms of incidents in the past years ? 
  just because there is not a direct state run persecution , does not mean that it is not there . 
   muslim countries are super conservative , but not all of them are iran or saudi arabia and accept other religions tell that to the corpses in mar girgis church or the st. mark 's cathedral . 
  not sure , ask the christians in the levant and north afric ... oh . 
  it looks , cloudy .
