  i come to germany nearly every year and hang around immigrants ( mostly croats and turks ) usually , you can not bullshit me . 
   especially if immigrants stay concentrated together , but most of them integrate and become germans . 
  what is the weather like there , in that dreamland of yours ? 
  why would you state such a thing ? 
  what i said is quite obvious . 
  you ca n't just turn people into danes and germans at will . 
  yes , that is exactly what you have and will have worse in the future . 
  it is the fault of your country of not recognizing that blood is more important to non-westerners than documents and identification papers . 
  - mediterranean - sexually repressed comical . 
  also , croatia outside the olive oil belt ... bosnia outside the `` fix our own stuff '' belt ... 
  wtf happened in serbia ? 
  yeah , it 's not like they even reach the highway or anything ; http://www.sibenik.in/upload/novosti/2016/07/2016-07-15/62184//1373072510206015843826172777731502o1.jpg, 
  i pick russia over the saudis any day . 
  hope the russians turn those desert oilrigs into glass . 
   during which 26,000 of them were deported to central asia soviet and their resettling ... 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  we have 15-20th generation czechs and slovaks here in croatia and they are still czech and slovak . 
   usually we do n't need help fucking lol . 
  every year a part of dalmatia goes down in flames because our tractors ca n't put the fire out . 
  we need at least 10-15 more planes and 20-30 drones to do fly overs . 
  `` in 10 operations in waters ** off the coast of libya ** '' - jesus christ . 
  fucking comical . 
  eh , cute , i was expecting german level of strange naming , like darmstadt . 
  dude , its not only a successor state of the rus , but the exact same royal bloodline ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rurik_dynasty, 
   old turk circlejerk about the chinese uyghur ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
   actually , turkey is just two countries away from china . 
  so is hungary . 
   we just need aliens to war against . 
  not really . 
  ideally , it would be massive drone battles in space between nations instead of wasting human life and habitat . 
   why do you feel diminished in your masculinity by a small , symbolic effort to undo that injustice a bit ? 
  um , i have nothing against the action in the article , it is the sentence and the wording that seem sinister and wrong to me . 
  this is not about that form of machoism is it ? 
  they are talking about male presence and over representation , not some clunks acting like pricks in a bar . 
  no , masculinity is healthy in males and should be encouraged . 
  savage . 
  you sound like you are a feminine guy frustrated with all the manly dudes having a better life . 
  that is nice . 
  it is just that they should not have worded it like ;  relegate the image of the macho to the closet because that sounds incredibly sinister . 
  it used to be . 
  what ? 
  the female presenter looks like she was constructed in a marketing firms board meeting . 
  looks like a ufo that landed and is trying to communicate with lights . 
  bizarre how us not throwing bricks at gay people anymore turned into a subject of banter from the serb side . 
  perhaps . 
  i will look into it . 
  `` relegate the image of the macho to the closet '' . 
  - how the hell is that `` rebalancing the genders '' lol ? 
  is there some bizarre form of war against masculinity in belgium ? 
  i am not saying that german victory was assured or certain . 
  merely that the us entering the war cemented the defeat . 
  the uk and france were also on the brink just as germany was . 
  you do realize they beat russia and were just miles away from paris by that point ? 
   putin is thought to be of finno-ugric ( specifically finnic ) ancestry the founder of the kievan rus was found to be genetically finn as well ; https://www.familytreedna.com/public/rurikid/default.aspx?section=news that must have russled some major jimmies . 
  she was an essential member of the band . 
  trump 's election has probably emboldened swarms of people into publicly supporting the right wing . 
  all it takes is more refugee/immigrant incidents and up in the polls they go , they do n't really even need a proper platform to run on . 
  impressive . 
  holy mother of christ that magdalena is beautiful . 
   remember that without romanian oil , germany could 've lost the war . 
  lol what ? 
  did i wake up in a different timeline ? 
  why so many troops in guyane ? 
  epic . 
  he could have stopped ww2 by letting germany win ww1 . 
  not everyone 's , just not our . 
  yep . 
  that gif is nightmare fuel . 
  are those circular towers a part of some larger fortress or are they separate ? 
  well , the assault on vukovar definitely is . 
   semitic is a language group it is also an ethnic identifier ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semitic_people  semitics are considered caucasians anyway well , by some yes , by others , not . 
  it is all vague and differs from opinion to opinion . 
  racial stuff is not exactly set in stone . 
  dude , these are the kids of the current ottoman royal family ; http://i.imgur.com/oegwx4f.jpg they are whiter than the dutch girl i banged last summer . 
  places should only be named after dead people , not those still alive . 
  arabs are semitic , not caucasian . 
  turks are basically european and anatolian peoples who converted to islam with just a sprinkle of turkic drowned into the mix . 
  modern turks are caucasian though . 
  there is more people on the european side of turkey than some european countries have population in total . 
  good . 
  i hope the rest of the european countries follow suit . 
  insane how a people can just be picked up and moved like that . 
  the soviets were crazy about population messing ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/population_transfer_in_the_soviet_union#timeline, 
  are the distances between towns so big that it becomes an issue ? 
  because here in the balkans , villagers are at most half an hour away from the nearest city . 
  nevah . 
  looks pretty neat if you ask me . 
  it 's just a joke bru, 
  the battle was in central croatia and slovenes fought there as well ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_sisak, 
   90 % of people under umayyad in iberia were christians tho . 
  not 90 % , but a lot . 
  also , most of the muslims were also just native converts , not foreign settlers . 
  were ostrogoths real romans ? 
  the fact that his second name is pronounced like brownie makes this so much ... more . 
  that is quite a straw . 
  how do you then explain the attitude from the peoples of former yugoslavia ? 
  ... which abolished croatia as a political entity . 
   then why just a couple of dudes signed corfu declaration because they agreed with what it said ? 
   what were the other croatian politicians of that time doing ?
