  like seriously , can anyone actually source any of that bullshit ? 
   that was part of the myths created around the metal . 
  you understand the differences ? 
  do you realize that they are making up those stories and they do not provide actual sources of those myths actually being written or said ? 
  would you like actual historiography ? 
  like , an actual historical primary source ? 
  here ; `` european merchants supply us the best weaponry , contributing to their own defeat . '', 
  - saladin , in a letter to the caliph in baghdad strange and quite contradictory , is n't it ? 
   http://www.claysmithguns.com/knives_history.htm not a historical source . 
  that is a pathetic source of information . 
   damascus steel was the name that the crusaders gave to the steel that they had witnessed slicing through their own , lesser quality swords , cutting the sword in half in a single swipe without ever losing its edge . 
  utterly ridiculous statement deserving of mockery . 
  you could not even slice through a wrought iron sword like that or a bronze sword , you would probably make less than a 0.5 cm nitch into it at best . 
  ** utterly imbecilic ** information . 
   the next swipe would do the same to the body of that less fortunate crusader . 
  except it would be stopped in its track by mail armor , regardless of the swords quality . 
   the remarkable characteristics of damascus steel became known to europe when the crusaders reached the middle east , beginning in the 11th century . 
  no historical source stated . 
  not a single citation . 
  just the usual website blabber . 
   http://www.nytimes.com/1981/09/29/science/the-mystery-of-damascus-steel-appears-solved.html equally so . 
  agree . 
  also , we must protect our strategic oil reserves and production . 
  this one is more correct ( yours does not have croatia in it therefore it is invalid ) ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:olea_europaea_range.svg, 
   so we have no evidence that vikings or frankish had crucible steel . 
  well , we do , we just do n't know how they got it . 
  there is evidence of early medieval blast furnacing in scandinavia before in continental europe , it is just that nothing is proven yet and importing is the current best guess . 
   and we know that they did trade with central asia . 
  trading with ingots was rare and evidence of it is very scarce . 
   we also know that damascus steel was very appreciated no evidence of it being appreciated in europe at the time . 
   so i guess that indeed , it 's a huge unsolvable mystery . 
  well , it is , we have nothing but theories without any evidence whatsoever . 
  [ `` the chronosphere could produce unknown side effects . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kuejedq0ixk ), 
  yes , i understand that . 
  however there is absolutely no evidence that the ingots were from india or even central asia , it is mere wishful speculation . 
  we have absolutely no idea where they came from . 
   red is color of allert !!, 
  [ red ... alert ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbod8qecbuc ), 
  no , the vast majority of european sword treatises are for unarmored combat and result in similarly fast fencing styles . 
  no , pattern welding was invented in europe separately and was done since antiquity . 
   what people do n't know is that already the vikings used this smithing technique it was done in europe since antiquity , long before the vikings . 
   the high quality steel was obtained from the indians since they invented crucible steel . 
  the europeans stopped pattern welding because of further development in metallurgy , not imported steel . 
  also , there is still no evidence of that viking crucible steel was imported from india in the first place , it is still merely a theory . 
  erm no , medieval forging techniques have nothing to do with that . 
  the crucible steel imported by the vikings has nothing to do with the development of metallurgy in europe and further swordmaking . 
   hemingway tesla was not born in serbia though , so the equivalence does not stand . 
  bangladesh is not in the trump ban . 
   besides for a country of ~ 7 million people we have done quite a bit for the world , ever heard of tesla ? 
  tesla has nothing to do with serbia as a country . 
  he was a serb born in a-u croatia and achieved everything as an american . 
  yes , a german born german . 
  not an immigrant from the middle east . 
  no , he is a german , with a german mother , born in germany . 
   there 's a lot of it graduates from bangladesh not really , the vast majority that come from those parts are indian . 
   and iran some , not a lot . 
  though anyone can easily leave islam and then come . 
  islam is a choice , and if anyone chooses religion over a career in science , perhaps they might not be the best addition to the eu scientific ranks . 
  to think that we still had avars living among us back then ... well , all hail the duchy , 
  it 's ok , 
  most people here , especially along the coast , either speak english or at least know enough english for basic communication . 
  croatia is a very touristy country and we have one of the highest tourist per capita number on the planet , we are quite used to foreigners . 
  i am already subscribed , 
  i am croatian , and a lot of people in the balkans make even less . 
   is that kind of salary normal in your country ? 
  pretty much . 
   i hope you are only like 20 years old or something . 
  i am , but it is not generational , my mother actually makes less than me . 
   that seems like living on famine rations well , we get by . 
  the most i ever got in my life was 25 hrk an hour , which is 3.35 euro . 
  yes , my post was a bit of satire . 
  notice the last part , 
  [ hooold !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnlfnezfqnk&amp;t=2m4s ), 
  this is just wishful though . 
  the situation in bosnia will blast off long before bosnia enters the eu . 
  i was mostly correcting the `` austrian warmongering '' part . 
  that is actually about 4/5th of my mothers hourly wage . 
  serbian independence is a result of of an ethnicity desiring their own independent state . 
  no , that was much later . 
  this war was in the middle of the napoleonic wars . 
  russians wiped the floor with the ottomans ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_dardanelles_ ( 1807 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_athos https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_arpachai and the ottomans were forced to cede some land and the vassalship of the principality of moldavia . 
  the russians could have continued the war , but i guess napoleon seemed like a greater threat so they abandoned all plans in the balkans . 
  yes , the russians defeated the ottomans in a war , annexed some territories and declared peace , leaving their serb brethren afloat . 
  sad . 
  low energy . 
  then we should perhaps shoot the soldiers as well , as they are far more likely to get shot or blown up than captured and raped . 
  we need jump at cloning development asap . 
  or create some large disgusting blob womb that spits out babies . 
  impressive . 
  removekebabinator ; judgement day, 
  good uprising . 
  shame russia backed out and it failed . 
  the sequel was better , 
  their folk hero is a medieval crossbowman . 
  we should get some sand on the left coast and reshape it a bit so the sides are more parallel . 
  bosnia sure is beautiful . 
   croatia is basically just one county in tennessee jesus christ .
