  it seems strange that a professor at such an university could be just some hack dude , but perhaps i am misinformed by the internet . 
   a random croat caring about a random law in a country he has no connection to is pretty fucking weird . 
  you understand that right ? 
  erm , i do not care , i just found about it as it was posted everywhere online for weeks as it happened , and i happen to agree with the dude . 
   anyway , do you agree on his views on postmodernism and cultural marxism ? 
  not sure , did not watch enough of his stuff to wrap up , but so far , i do not really see anything apart from a guy worrying about students rampantly becoming authoritarian ideologs . 
  he does have some of good points between the lines of his weird religion + moral stuff he is constantly about . 
   the evidence is his actions in consistently arguing against the scientific consensus how ? 
   while also misrepresenting efforts to recognise being trans as a protected characteristic as some sort of death of free speech mechanic i agree with him actually , the bill proposed definitely takes bites at free speech . 
  the issue was not the acceptance of trans identity in others , but the way the bill was formed and worded . 
   this is not rocket science it is not hatred towards trans people either . 
   peterson is not a professor of philosophy . 
  he is a psychologist . 
  he is not even part of the people who are academically engaged in that field . 
  does not change my point . 
   may i ask you on what you agree with what peterson says ? 
  that the bill c 16 is a bad idea . 
  show me a single piece of evidence of him expressing hate towards trans people in any way . 
  you have to have a single leader for it to be a dictatorship . 
  a political party doing it while forming the power play around the entire group is still a bit different . 
  now dig deeper and research the nuance . 
   but pretty much no one who independently or academically engaged with the ideas/topics he talks about ( postmodernism/cultural marxism ) takes him serious that is quite a ridiculous statement to make , not only because of the scope of people academically engaged in that field , but also because the only people arguing against him are some in canada and some in the us , two countries that do not make up the entire scientific community of earth ( not even going into the fact that non western academics would most likely side with him on the issue ) . 
   peterson  the alt-right . 
  tell me , how is the weather like there , up your own ass ? 
  not dictatorship , more like autocracy . 
   beg for refuge in countries like lebanon , palestine , india , uganda , kenya , south africa , new zealand , mexico and whole bunch of other places in all corners of the world . 
  by that you mean , apart from mexico ( what ? 
  ) , the various territories withing the european colonial empires at the time ? 
   and in many cases crime . 
  lol no dude , crime has been plummeting in eastern europe since the 90s . 
  poland for example experienced a heavy drop in homicide , nearly by 50 % in the last several years . 
   from sargon of akkad and jordan peterson you just lumped in a youtuber with an actual professor as if they are in a similar level of legitimacy when it comes to giving information ... also , wtf has jordan peterson ever said that was actually purposefully sinister in any way ? 
  this is actually as pretty as protestant churches go . 
  usually they are more bleh . 
  that is , those that were n't built by catholics in the first place . 
  they realized war sucks after the battle of marignano and decided to remain in the mountains ever since . 
  you are incorrectly assuming that this is the result of his incompetence , rather than his own sinister desire for political control . 
  he is absolutely competent as he achieves exactly what he wants to achieve . 
  putin is the best they ( and we ) can hope for . 
  even though he is an autocratic despot , he is still one of the most competent politicians of our age . 
  it is very unlikely that russia would get someone better if he went away or was removed . 
  to explain the eastern adriatic ; lots of sun , but when it rains , it pours . 
  so , instead of having lots of days of light rain like in britain , we get a few days of god 's wrath instead . 
  well , they sure seized her means of production alright . 
  nationalism is just a far cooler word than patriotism though : l, 
  tunisia though ... 
   also marking the hunnic empire as being present in wallachia only . 
  odd map . 
  no , that is because the map shows the huns before attila was even born . 
  ah yes , when berlin was still a slavic town . 
  something something living together for 2100 years in the same empire, 
  i know a dude whose family has been living in croatia for 250ish years , he still considers himself czech , without question . 
  he most likely means just outer borders . 
  that is because a lot of well earning career majors fall within the term philosophy in the usa . 
  i can guarantee you that the reason that number is so high is because it is getting seriously skewed by the number of them employed in other high payed fields , often barely related to philosophy as a study . 
  the channel has republic of ragusa stated as a serb state in another video , let alone bosnia . 
  well , that is nearly entirely because of personal choice in what to study . 
  my cousin studied philosophy for 6 years and now he still makes less money than his store clerk younger brother . 
  translation ? 
  like , an explanation why ? 
  lol , their response did not even mention the ludicrous issues resulting with having those tunnels in a near vacuum state . 
  actually , before the formation of italy under augustus , italy only extended until the river rubicon . 
   incorrect . 
  this happens with the reign of caracalla . 
  actually , his edict was just the last step . 
  romans have been making full citizens out of former subjects for centuries by then . 
  for instance , the entire population of cilsalpine gaul received citizenship through the enactment of lex roscia in 49 bc . 
  you posted that in the reply after . 
  also , the issue is not safety of the average frenchman , but for the average jew in france . 
   did you normalise by the size of the population ? 
  no , i just doubled down on your per capita cop out attempt . 
  ... and the number of dead from a single terrorist attack nearly 150 % larger than that of israel since 2015 . 
   israel definitely is n't safer , they 've had 50 deaths and 750 injured due to terrorism since autumn 2015 . 
  erm , that is still way lower than paris alone . 
  not to mention that you are only using terrorism while forgetting that most anti semmitic attacks in europe are just regular hate crimes , and are probably quite numerous . 
  ze slavlands . 
  sure . 
  yes , millions . 
  those of them who were nazi 's yes . 
   and i find that thinking abhorrent . 
  well , at least you can be safe from the loud noises , being so far up your own ass must feel very safe indeed . 
  those of them who were nazi 's yes . 
  not what i meant , i meant group on that location , in the sense of everyone there being in on it . 
  simply far too many kids for it to be realistic imo . 
  those of them who were nazi 's yes . 
  not the germans , the nazi 's . 
  not without citizenship or ethnic german background they ca n't . 
   people are vulnerable to this kind of crap . 
  turns out , nazi 's are n't to blame after all . 
  i do not doubt the scandal , but the number seems greatly exaggerated . 
  in order to achieve such a number it would have to be group organized and everyone would have to be in on it , otherwise it would have spilled out already decades ago . 
  it could be in the dozens ( which is horrific enough ) and the numbers are hyped for journalistic sensationalism , 500 kids ( + all others who knew ) is far too much for me to buy to remain silent for decades . 
  but hey , enforcing celibacy amirite ? 
  what could go wrong ... 
  something something largest active nuclear icbm arsenal on earth . 
  i am definitely not in a rush , i just get home in 15:10 and have the rest of the day free instead of living in a limbo nightmare of sporadic work hours stretched over two shifts . 
  that was not a naval blockade . 
   workers in spain tend to start their day around 9am , break for coffee mid-morning and then work until 2pm . 
  the lunch break lasts two or three hours , after which they return to work until 8pm or later . 
  ... what in the living hell ?
