  well , i mean , they will become a frozen wasteland if the golf current is messed up in the following decades . 
  who is this , 4chan ? 
  it is not just sea level rise , that is just one issue , climate change messes up everything . 
  [ here is the map ] ( http://www.fairtradecommunity.com/images/content/pic_stories/1024/climate_risk_map_001.jpg ) of the most climate vulnerable places on earth . 
  notice bangladesh . 
  how about [ a peninsula ? 
  ] ( http://www.hikenow.net/images/porec/img/img_5974a.jpg ) less threat of getting sunburned and you save a lot of money on ferry transport . 
   that 's only like ... three pints and taxi fare . 
  it is 10-15 beers in croatia and a walk home . 
  bangladesh is the craziest one , several times the population density of india and half of it in flood risk areas . 
   why do you think it was reverse ? 
  because it was , europe influenced the ottomans through the renaissance far more than vice versa . 
   that would make any , intellectually preoccupied , individual a forerunner to renaissance . 
  no , because forerunner means someone that immediately precedes something , as in , just before , not anyone or anything whenever before . 
   and arab texts had been flowing into italy since the eleventh century not ottoman though . 
   here is something for you to contemplate so what ? 
  a series of paintings and a single art decor that is not even ottoman lol ? 
   meaning his date of birth is guesswork no , just that the exact year is not known , you are being tedious for no reason . 
   how is this challenging my statement that muslim world did not spark european renaissance ? 
  that is not what you stated . 
  you said the ** ottomans . 
  ** nobody is denying the islamic golden age , but that golden age collapsed in the 13th century and europe took over , while the ottomans came during that rise of intellectual europe . 
  well , yeah , surreal how such a silly set of laws managed to directly influence behavior in such a way . 
  well , is it really that different from male circumcision ? 
  yet that is accepted . 
  time to take back suez !, 
  jokes aside , you have a larger gdp than the entire continent of africa , of course you are relevant . 
  you are from the future ? 
  what kind of impact caused the tectonic plates to shift that much ? 
  you must tell us so we can prepare . 
  it is a video showing footage of the muslim ss hadzar division marching and praying . 
  here is a video that sums it up quite well in a few minutes ( nsfw ) ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk9gtt-khb0, 
  here you go ( nsfw ) ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pk9gtt-khb0, 
   are n't they , you know , muslims ? 
  [ yes ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awf3qrk3auu ), 
  their women have the best looking vaginas because their weird porn laws resulted in women feeling bad about their vagina flaps , leading to those women opting for surgical beautification en masse . 
   when and how ottoman empire influenced european renaissance . 
  it was the reverse lol . 
   i challenge you to prove me wrong . 
  dante alighieri , widely considered the forerunner of the renaissance , was born 40ish years before the ottoman sultanate was even a thing . 
   do we have an agreement ? 
  only that you are utterly ignorant of history . 
  more books were being printed in the city of leipzig alone in the 15th century than in the entire ottoman empire combined . 
   more like rape basically all sources from antiquity state seduction . 
  the rape version was popularized much later during the late medieval period and onwards . 
  that is , to my knowledge . 
   there would be no european renaissance without ottoman empire . 
  ridiculous . 
   source - see history yes , i saw it , and i saw that you are wrong . 
  hmm , green parties are usually rank filled by utter imbeciles in most western countries , are they different in finland ? 
   turkey was our emancipation conduit from medieval , barbaric hell hole that was europe back in the day . 
  ... you do realize that the ottomans came to bosnia long after the `` dark ages '' and when the european renaissance was in full swing ? 
   our strength was forged in the belly of your beautiful nation . 
  she is our mother and bond between mother and her child is altruistic and unconditional . 
  dude , bosnia went from being an independent kingdom to being an ottoman province , what are you smoking ? 
  [ it 's just a way of life for some people . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kqufzyi6l0 ), 
  dear god is budapest beautiful . 
   brits  getting ridiculously drunk  running around the main square naked  being annoyingly loud and obnoxius  vomiting all around the place they just happen to be at that just sounds like regular british tourists to me . 
  `` romanian '', 
  its not the sun lol but the fact that they were more difficult to mentally break , were far more rebellious and , most importantly , that their children would not become slaves as well , unlike blacks , who could be bred and their children used to level the price of the initial purchase . 
  the beacons are lit !, 
  alright . 
  atomic ? 
   it is not for the state to decide this . 
  yes it is . 
  for the same reason the state decides which parents are n't capable of raising their own children and have the ability to take them away . 
  those two images should be put on the satellite of the next pioneer space mission . 
  well , to be fair , croatia is currently at a measly 1.21 % gdp military spending , it is as low as you can get while in nato and the lowest percentage ever for croatia ( aside from the 2016 drop to 1.17 % ) . 
  not to mention that nato countries actually did give us a lot of free stuff in the past years , it is proper that we actually spend some money as we can in response . 
  fortune favors the bold . 
  arguable . 
   there is no such thing as a necessary evil . 
  scientific/medical testing on animals . 
  fossil fuels . 
  pain . 
  nuclear bombing of japan . 
  western assistance and alliance with stalin during ww2 . 
  scorched earth policy during war . 
  copyrights and patents . 
  abortion . 
  of course they do . 
  it does the body good . 
  yes , it is a fine illyrian city indeed . 
  styrofoam specks from the packing box it came from . 
  of course he did n't , that would be retarded , since it was his shop , his idea , his work , his stress and his risk . 
  no , they were payed to do their job . 
  he payed them a good salary , should he have split all his profits equally despite the shop being his ? 
  well , the teak was one of the reasons , but the primary one was to expand british authority into indokina and further their influence into siam to cross that of the french colonies on the other side . 
  but yeah , it was total imperialism . 
   sure , htin aung 's a history of burma is an absolutely fascinating read unbiased to the max . 
   had one of the most egalitarian societies no . 
   with a 100 % literacy rate in the 18th century lol no . 
   until the british invaded and destroyed the country solely for access to their teak . 
  eh , kinda , yes . 
   you ca n't get rich without exploiting someone else holy shit , my uncle exploited other human beings by selling them shower cabins ? 
  dear god , to the wall and face him with the bayonet comrades !, 
  too be fair , dealing with iran is more inline with eu interests than dealing with the saudis and other oil states , which most eu nations do . 
  iran even trades oil in euro 's instead of dollars .
