  not signing the declaration of corfu ? 
   what was their option if only the minority signed the corfu declaration ? 
  ( since you said it that there were no other options ) . 
  either trialism or what later became shs for a few months until unification with serbia . 
  those were the two main talk arounds . 
   croatian people had no say in absolutist monarchy , nobody had . 
  neither did austrian people . 
  it being an absolutist monarchy does not denote the fact that croatia still existed as a political entity under it . 
   in that case you ca n't talk about occupation  remember occupation mean something which is done by force and against the will of people occupation just means seizure by political or military force , resistance is not necessary for it to be one . 
   i 'm going to conclude our discussion here because it 's not going anywhere , we are not going to convince each other in something else . 
  alright . 
  best regards, 
   both bih and dalmatia had some sort of parliament source ? 
  dalmatia only had a provincial diet , nothing more . 
  bih did not have one at all to my knowledge . 
   croatian politicians willingly signed corfu declaration again , it was no official representation , just a couple dudes who were on that side of the argument . 
   there was no upraising , no protest or anything and you are still telling me that was occupation but the absolutist habsburg empire was n't . 
  then ok . [ there were protests though . ] ( https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/prosina%c4%8dke_%c5%bertve_5._prosinca_1918 . ), 
  no uprising because , again , for the fifth time , there was no other viable option . 
   but the absolutist habsburg empire was n't . 
  croatia existed as a political entity in that one though . 
  i really do not see the point of this conversation if i have to repeat myself over and over again . 
   croatians could declare independence like czech and slovaks did lol no , they would have been left with maybe 15 % of the territory . 
   croatian politicians are the one who accepted karadjordjevic 's and their terms . 
  some did , the parliament did not and was in turn dissolved . 
   so it 's not all serbian fault . 
  ... i am not pushing any blame here at all . 
   italians also wanted a large chunk of croatia , croatians accepted yugoslavia and karadjordjevic 's , they accepted yugoslavia as it was . 
  yes . 
   they could choose the path of independence , croatia might be smaller but it would not be occupied ( by your logic ) . 
  yes , a lot smaller . 
   poor , cold and wild island kingdom on the fringes of the world . 
  you are being ridiculous . 
  this is not post roman early medieval britain , this is 15th century england we are talking about . 
  to that end , who do you think would win all the titles and favors available in france if not the english gentry who fought for henry and his successor ? 
  even if france would become the seat kingdom , it would still be a massive defeat towards the ruling class who supported the other side . 
  that is not how medieval politics or warfare work . 
  during this time , it was really , really uncommon to draft commoners into war , so you had to rely on levied soldiery and gentry . 
  france could have had 200 million people , yet if the king is unable to mount 20 000 soldiers , it is a worthless number . 
  it would n't be just england , but also half of france by that point ; http://i.imgur.com/s55vmri.jpg, 
  that is not a lama lol, 
  no , i said the campaign happened because of her . 
   state of shs also had dalmatia and bosnia and herzegovina which both had their parliaments in a-h . dalmatia had a provincial diet , not a parliament of a state . 
  i do not think bih had a parliament at all . 
   how can we talk about occupation as occupation implies that something is done by force and against the will of people . 
  it just means being seized by either political or military force , which is what happened . 
  no war or resistance is needed for that definition . 
   pretty much everybody wanted it , it 's not like serbs decided to occupy croatians . 
  the serbs decided to expand themselves , the issue was that there were two options , the greater serbia option or yugoslavia , one was chosen , and it was not federal in any sense , croatia and slovenia were directly absorbed into what was basically a renamed serb state . 
   did trumbic was a random croatian politician or radic or macek ? 
  cmon man , you said it yourself , yugoslavia was a better solution for croatians in 1918 . 
  i am not arguing that it was n't , i am merely arguing that it was not a given acceptance . 
  the primary goal was the state of shs with croats at the top , after that was lost , it is only then that croats submitted to the second option . 
   decide did croatians wanted it or not ? 
  i already explained it multiple times . 
  they wanted it ... after the first option went off the table . 
  i never said she did command . 
   i do n't think slovenians would agree on that . 
  they had no country within the a-u , unlike croats , so when shs was being formed , they basically had no statehood whatsoever . 
   so the people wanted it or not ? 
  i 'm not saying that 's not true with the italian pressure but i 'm trying to figure it out did the people wanted it or serbs just occupied them . 
  i am nor arguing that they did not want it , i am merely point out why they did want it . 
   i just know that kingdom of serbia united with the state of shs and that there was no war or anything , it went peaceful as far as i know . 
  if that was occupation you would expect at least some war , protests of whatever . 
  then this is mostly just a translation issue . 
  occupation in the sense of political annexation or seizure of control does not require military conquest , even though often times it is a result of it . 
  to that point , there were protests in croatia , just not a lot since all political resistance was gone quickly . 
   who made unification inevitable ? 
   do you know that france pressured serbia to create yugoslavia in order to stop german influence in the balkans ? 
  eh , there was political discussion but the political will from the serb side was mostly on the king himself , who personally desired to expand his rule . 
   i 'm telling you , why croatians accepted that , they did n't have to . 
  they did have to , it was either that or serbia and italy splitting croatia as they saw fit . 
  there were still a lot of politicians in serbia arguing for a simple and direct expansion of serbia into greater serbia , and to leave what was left of croatia and slovenia outside said borders as a separate puppet state ... which is something the serbs should have obviously done in hindsight , but the king wanted the whole of croatia and slovenia under his rule , thus , the unification was done instead . 
   why did croatian politicians signed corfu declaration ? 
  just a few random who were present did , there was no official representation there . 
   why croatians formed shs state along with slovenians , croatia was dissolved ( as you like to say ) already in the shs state and croatian politicians created it . 
  did serbs formed shs state from belgrade ? 
  no , the state of shs ** was ** croatia , just a lot larger and weirder . 
  the capital was in zagreb and the croatian parliament was the official government . 
   so italy is to blame for creation of yugoslavia ? 
  again , did someone forced shs state to unite with serbia ? 
  no , i meant that the pressure from italy into annexing the entire west slovenia and the coastal areas on the adriatic pushed a lot of people into unifying with serbia . 
   first you are saying that the parliament never made the decision and now you are saying that italian soldiers were marching ? 
  did croatians wanted yugoslavia or not ? 
  if croats wanted yugoslavia , why would they be so energetic and obsessed with the futile venture of forming the state of shs in the first place ? 
  why did they not just join up with the kingdom of serbia at the end of the war instead of spending months crawling on whatever door they could knock just to prevent that until unification was basically inevitable ? 
   and if yugoslavia was occupation why no one ever in the interwar period said something about that , those were the modern times after all , everybody was talking about nazi germany , soviet union , why the us , the uk , france , any democratic country back then said something about occupation in yugoslavia ? 
  erm , i did not mean military occupation or conquest , but political annexation , which counts as occupying a country . 
  i meant croatia as a political entity , in whatever form . 
  seizing some territory does not equal taking over a country . 
  that is not the case . 
  the parliament of croatia never decided this and the parliament was summarily dissolved to prevent them from even stating their decision . 
  the unification was done through the activity of serb politics in belgrade along with a portion of croat politicians who decided to play along . 
   did someone forced croatians to join yugoslavia ? 
  yeah , a bunch of italian soldiers marching in and occupying most of the coast and inland coastal areas . 
   dude , what is the point in a separate kingdom when you have an absolute monarchy ? 
  well , huh . 
   in kingdom of yugoslavia there was also banovina hrvatska , official name was kingdom of serbs , croats and slovenes , you had elections and croatian parties . 
  banovina hrvatska was not formed until 1939 , between 1918 and 1939 croatia was erased . 
   and you are telling me that one is occupation and the other is not ?
