  it does . 
  it is like calling the german language germano-bavarian or germano-austrian . 
  or dano-swedish . 
   british , italian , french and various other groups rebeling for years again , i am not talking about direct conquest , and you can not rebel against political dominance , only declare war , which historically nobody wanted after ww1 , even against hitler prior to poland . 
   the british and french had more , a lot more , you do n't think they would be mad about that and that this could lead to fascism and years of rebellion ? 
  fascism would be halted in the uk because of the traditionality of their parliamentary monarchy and in france it would not really matter . 
  france and britain at this time still did not like each other and would not remain allies in case of a defeat in ww1 . 
   the mutual cooperation between the german empire and ottoman empire did strengthen the ottoman empire and made the ottoman empire last much longer so that is irrelevant . 
  what ? 
   i see a ton of more discontent groups with the victory of the german , ottoman and austro-hungarian empires in the balkans perhaps , everyone else is content . 
   with more discrimination and genocide than what the french and british did even though they had much larger empires . 
  lol what ? 
  on what do you base that ? 
   your lack of belief in their infallibility does n't really matter because this is all hypothetical that makes no sense . 
  your arguments are equally based on presumption . 
   you ca n't be a hegemony when your only 2 allies have literally the majority in their empire hate them , those minorities would never give up and those insurgencies would make so many parts of europe look like iraq , afghanistan or syria for decades . 
  1 ) ottoman empire ; not germany 's problem 2 ) a-u ; the majority were the austrians and hungarians , and neither of those were against the a-u . 
  it could collapse of course , or not , but it would still matter little , just a few more weak countries to deal with and germany still remains the continental hegemon . 
  because they used to be more different and became so similar because of artificial and planned standardizations during the 19th century . 
  if not for that , they would be similar but separate like danish/norwegian/swedish . 
  the main reason why they have to be separate now is identity , you can not call it just serbian and you can not call it just croatian and serbo-croatian sounds retarded . 
   my original comment was that the imperialistic wars would not end if germany won so obviously i expanded upon that . 
  yes , but which country would be able to challenge germany in this case ? 
   do you think the central powers would n't impose a similar deal on them ? 
  not in the same way . 
  germany would probably take more in the sense of colonies than in military reparations . 
   why do you think fascism would n't happen to the british or french ? 
  you misunderstood me , i meant that it would be irrelevant if it even did happen . 
  they would not be strong enough to challenge germany anyways . 
   taking their colonies is worse than what was imposed upon the germans i disagree . 
   why do you think wilhelm would have been able to control france ? 
  control would not be necessary . 
   germany would have to consistently deal with i am not talking about conquest or occupation , merely political and economic dominance . 
   that statement is directly tied to the decades of war after the napoleonic wars which did not happen . 
  a few balkan rebellions is not the same as a continent at war . 
   a strong german empire results in a strong ottoman empire yes , a stronger ottoman empire in the middle east , not europe . 
  ottoman europe was well over by that point . 
   why do you think the ottoman empire would n't try to reclaim ? 
  because they were solely focused on the middle east and the arab revolts at the time . 
  they were in it to keep the empire , not to strengthen it . 
   does n't that sound like a lot of war to you ? 
  not even a spark compared to world war 2 . 
   that would last for decades ? 
  nope . 
   no way some form of an eu would be made unless you only count the german empire , austro-hungarian empire and ottoman empire as the eu . 
  the eu was originally formed from just a few countries and then it gradually expanded , you do not need a continental wide agreement to start a political union . 
  [ guess we finally know who is the bottom in the relationship ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qyhes1d.jpg?1 ), 
   the british and french would n't have split their imperialist spoils with germany , austria-hungary and italy peacefully yeah , that is why there was a war going on ...  and a treaty of versailles type deal that was forced upon the british and french would have probably been worse than the fascist rise that germany got . 
  how ? 
   the british and the french worked together for their imperialist goals , i do n't see multiple factions doing that . 
  how does this change the german dominance on the continent ? 
   there would have been a massive land grab especially in the balkans as the ottoman empire could expand bulgaria was in the central powers and greece was forced into the war , the ottomans would not expand at all into the balkans , perhaps some islands in the aegean , if that . 
   as well as everyone fighting over who gets what colonies . 
  that was already a part of ww1 ... germany had armies marching in africa and fighting battles . 
   that would be decades of war similar to the napoleonic wars and the various independence movements aftermath . 
  ridiculous statement . 
  both britain and france were on the verge already by 1918 , it is just that germany collapsed sooner . 
  nobody at that time could have financed a war for another few years , let alone decades . 
   also most of wwi was fought in europe so why would the next war not be there , all the main players are there . 
  because germany would have complete dominance . 
  basically the entire continent would be under their sphere of influence , waging a war on the continent against them would be futile . 
  how exactly and by whom ? 
  france would be neutralized and britain hopeless to wage anything on the continent . 
  there could be wars for the colonies , but the continent of europe itself would be in peace . 
  only if it is nationalist and identitarian in nature . 
  [ europa victrix ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9d5kpmxjfg ), 
  uh , yeah . 
  have n't played hoi in years ( . _ . ), 
   france doing the good ol' fascist stuff cause germany would have put some isulting stuff doubt it . 
  the difference would be that germany would completely dominate the continent , including france , meaning that even if france went far-right , they would not be able to do much to colossal germany . 
   and russia would have had it 's communis anyhow not a chance in hell . 
  even in our timeline , they barely won the civil war ( that did not end during the war btw ) against the whites . 
  with germany as the victor , the reds would be stomped out under the prussian boot . 
   when talking about alternative war outcomes , just always immagine the worst possible outcome . . well , the worst outcome is a german dominated conservative and authoritarian europe ... which is nothing in comparison to our timeline . 
  the best outcome is europe with 300 million more europeans that utterly dominates the planet in culture , science and economy . 
  feminism through patriarchy . 
  ... what ? 
   you 'd have to stop ww i. 
  no , just have germany win  imagine how glorious that would be if germany won . 
  no nazis , no communist ussr , probably some form of an eu already by the late 1920s ... 
  not really , if the russians move in they will simply annex the whole country , there will not be much resistance . 
  then they will border poland , again . 
  this is what happens when you do n't beat people . 
  oh please . 
  there is a good reason why rioters and protesters act completely differently towards police in the usa and the rest of the west , because they know they could be filled up with lead the moment the first molotov flies . 
  good . 
  breed . 
  yes . 
  breed . 
  breed for the love of god . 
  hahaha , magnificent . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g8o79up0jmm ), 
   what 's the difference ? 
  mainly legal . 
  the term two parent household means a child having two adults raising it , regardless of the marital status . 
  this includes various situations , from two women simply living together to a couple never getting married on paper as you described . 
   i do n't buy this without substantial evidence . 
  well , perhaps some comparative stuff can be found online . 
  no , i do n't agree with the connection that poor socialization of parents is the main cause of those single parent children statistics . 
  imo , two poorly socialized parents will still be better than one average parent or , of course , one poorly socialized parent .
