   third , in what i saw , only the first guy was in croatia . 
  he was the one i linked to . 
   are you saying croats want more asylum seekers ? 
  that is not the point , the point is that croatia would have accepted them if they stayed . 
   i 'm quite sure she has a few thousand to spare . 
  yes , and croatia keeps welcoming them as they are sent here , only for them to leave croatia again and go back . 
   blame our systems not those who take advantage of them . 
  i will blame both . 
  those refugees are given more straight cash in germany than my mother makes working her ass off 9 hours a day , hence my lack of sympathy . 
   why did it ? 
  because using rubber bullets was off the table . 
   on a more realistic note : turkey has millions of refugees . 
  i know . 
   should turkey ( and lebanon ) be the only countries to receive all those people ? 
  is that right ? 
  they are the first safe countries ( you could also add the balkan states ) . 
  we should instead send billions there to help them instead of wasting billions here at a far worse rate . 
  for ever refugee fed and housed in germany you could feed and house 10-15 in turkey or any balkan country . 
   as for sarin and other atrocities , my point is : how on bloody earth can you say that they are welfare tourists when you know full well what goes on over there ? 
  because a refugee can still be a welfare tourist if he/she is purposefully aiming for better social welfare instead of mere safety . 
   finally , [ [ citation needed ] ] about anyone laughing in your face . 
  it was all over the croatian internet and news . 
  [ example 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pefhwtt55zu&amp;t=3m45s ) , food not good enough , not enough cash given , he goes to germany . 
  it does not just work that way . 
  societal pressure is in 99 % of cases more than enough to trump the illusion of choice in that regard . 
   i take it you wanted them to stay in croatia , then ? 
  i would have liked if they did not laugh at our faces when we proposed that they stay here , yes . 
   also , it 's not `` one or the other '' . 
  legally , it is , they should have remained in whatever first safe country they reached . 
  meaning , either turkey as first tier or greece , bulgaria , macedonia , serbia , bosnia , croatia and slovenia as second tier . 
  the moment they left slovenia or hungary they became illegal migrants in my opinion . 
   is 30 % sarin ok for you so that they are refugees ? 
  2 dead family members ? 
  ridiculous argument , nobody is sarin-ing them outside syria . 
   the best conditions and most benefits . 
  isnt that what anyone would do ? 
  they have no right . 
   i do understand that they have no right good , then there is not much else to discuss . 
  bad place ? 
  croatia is a mid income world country and is in the eu , we could very well take care of at least some thousands of them . 
  the main difference is that they want ** more ** , and croatia can not give them that euro cash moneh they so desire . 
  also , wtf is your point in the first place ? 
  they are refugees , not tourists , they are not entitled to choose countries . 
  too little too late . 
  if they were right wing but pro-eu from the start , they would already be a political powerhouse in austria . 
  again , over half a million of them went through croatia and slovenia , barely over a dozen remained here . 
  welfare shoppers all of them , regardless of origin . 
  if i found out my future child was going to a school where 90 % of the kids were openly fascist or communist i would be worried as well . 
   and who do you think are mostly muslims in france ? 
  does not matter , the word was muslim , not middle easterner or na . 
   you ca n't say that just because the kid is muslim that they are unwanted he did not state that though , all he did was worry about the existence of his own demographic , which is a completely rational human reaction . 
  the only reason he is prosecuted is because western countries are pathetic when it comes to any form of actual straight line societal discussion so it is easier to just criminalize opinions . 
   you want them to be forcibly converted into christianity ? 
  lol no , but all of them becoming agnostic or atheist would be a massive up leg . 
   please , france is the epitome of secular society , under the foundations it was created , no matter their faith or ethnicity , france is the land of the french , muslim , african , christian or jew . 
  yes , and nobody is denying that . 
   what the guy said is basically there is too many kids of muslim faith yes ? 
   which that if itself is basically the same if you substitute muslim with jew . 
  no , because jews are an ethnicity , muslim is a practitioner of a religion . 
  [ how do you not know of this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fuhk9flzmf4 ), 
  [ about 900 $ is all i can go for atm . 
  ] ( http://marathientertainment.in/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/pawn-stars-in-marathi.jpg ), 
  fear of religion and ideology is utterly rational . 
  yeah but ;  deserved a fair trail the downside is that , when they get a fair trial , the prosecution often has issues proving anything ( because war is chaos ) , that is why like over half of murderous war scum here from the balkans walked free from their trials . 
   it 's not europe [ the entire northern point of it is in europe . 
  how the hell is croatia 74 ? 
  all the press does here is take swings at politicians and call the government insults . 
   where are the gods ? 
  [ they left for sirius b. 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5t1anywssns&amp;t=9m10s ), 
  be careful of any swans you see there . 
   not true , for instance the rate fell from 18/1000 to 7/1000 . 
  good , now calculate the tens of millions of corpses and the wholesale destruction of both culture and society done by the communists . 
   no it would n't , china is too big to run on agricultural production . 
  lol , i am not advocating for agriculture ffs , i am stating that the same progress done by the communists could have been done by capitalists . 
   yes it does nope . 
   china could n't become as rich today if it did n't have a massive shift in in production between 1950 and 1980 . 
  which could have been also done by capitalist government ... that is like my only argument in this discussion and you are refusing it lol . 
   any attempt to do so with minimal deaths would either take many decades , or just cause millions of deaths . 
  ridiculous claim . 
   or else you 'd combat the fact no , because the argument of mass death being a collateral to that , still trumps that progress . 
   mortality plummeted , education soared , and the poor were much better off . 
  same would happen if china went capitalist from the start . 
   except that the chinese economy is n't based on agriculture . 
  does not refute what i said . 
   china also had just gone through civil war that had basically missed taiwan , plus the taiwanese population was now 25 % chinese army and chinese elites , that had just gutted china 's gold and currency reserves . 
  your graph shows gdp per capita , which is n't a very good indicator when one country starts as an island of 8 million people with tons of money and the other is a massive nation of 550 million people that were mainly peasant farmers . 
  who is now sidelining with excuses ? 
  what about south korea then , on that same graph lol ? 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/19/ethiopian-spice-girls-given-5m-british-foreign-aid-despite-previous/ facepalm . 
  facepalm to the max . 
   because they live in poverty that 's continued by capitalism and racial economic segregation so do plenty of other groups , but do not commit anything near that amount of crime . 
   many black people are almost forced to live in inner city ghettos where crime is high , poverty is rampant , and you need a defensive attitude to survive ridiculous sidelining . 
  black men lived in far worse conditions from 1860s to 1960s and then they participated in roughly the same amount of violent crime as white men . 
  it is not racial segregation to inner cities , but the total collapse of the black family nucleus from 1960s onwards that is to blame . 
   that does n't exactly combat the idea that usa is worse than the cuba ... no , but it does denounce that separate argument of yours . 
  because that would hurt the banks and propagate an image of the rule of law . 
  it does not say in the article , but does anyone know if muzzle loaders are affected in any way ? 
  please do not take my matchlock from me , i loves mah matchlock .
