  greenland would be a far better option , only 60k people there and millions of square km . 
  we could colonize the entirety of greenland with the incomers in the following decades . 
  * could n't have, 
  [ obligatory david mitchell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ufmvo5lu58 ), 
  holy shit i was not prepared for that image . 
  morbidly hilarious stuff . 
  i mean , it 's sad , but still ... 
  yeah , but this is 500 % . 
  if correct , that is purposeful subversion of information to the point of hilarity . 
  ridiculous . 
  beautiful . 
   but did not interbred nobody interbred anywhere in that region to any noticeable extent . 
  the current genetical connections go both ways and stem from thousands of years of populations living near each other . 
  the muslims in spain/portugal were mostly native converts to islam , there was no mass migration . 
  it is like a guitarharp . 
  so stupid . 
  even if they were asiatic , it would not be the mongols . 
  the mongols never got even near finland . 
  i will never understand that meme . 
  it makes no sense . 
   what german culture ? 
  you did not even capitalize german . 
  pathetic . 
  congratulations germany . 
  does it ? 
  because its economy is still growing after decades of very low birth rates . 
   already capitalist countries need immigrants to sustain the current economic growth . 
  that has never really been proven . 
   who styled himself king of the serbs incredible how constant the misleading through historical mitomania is in the balkans . 
  he declared himself king of the serbs after he was declared king of serbia , not a date sooner . 
  bosnia was bosnia and bosnians themselves a separate political identifier since at least the 12th century , they did not declare themselves as either croats or serbs . 
  yet bulgaria has seen economic growth over the past three decades regardless of a steady population decline . 
   europe heavily relies on immigration . 
  tell that to bulgaria , a country with a negative population change since 1988 . 
  tell that to japan or any other non-european post fertility country . 
  also , people will stop aging and dying very soon , so it will solve itself . 
  because the hrk could collapse at any year from now forwards , the euro , hardly so . 
  yes please . 
  [ no fu kek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=finwufxxame ), 
  i love hurdy gurdies . 
  you can own muzzle loading matchlocks without firearms documentation i believe . 
  from 1 to 10 , how right wing are they really ? 
  impressive . 
  what is the story behind lighting it up with the israeli flag ? 
  the rest of the country , not so much . 
  holy hell , must have been a heck of a side wind . 
  they crossed the river isen on midsummer 's eve , disguised as riders in black . 
  as someone living in the croatian mountains , that smog would probably suffocate me to death within an hour . 
  so sad . 
  this image makes me a sad slav . 
  italy , spain and croatia . 
  that has nothing to do with international politics . 
  i do not have to visit india to understand its place on the global political stage . 
  sure thing , right after china becomes more important on the global scene than the us . 
  i paint reality to you , and you cry bias because you do n't like it lol . 
   this is a very western centric view . 
  nope . 
   and usa have been under pressure very often . 
  when ? 
   they ca n't just do shit without suffering punishment . 
  how ? 
   many countries respect usa because they are powerful yes . 
   i do n't want to argue with you anymore , since no , you do n't want to argue because you know that i am right but you do not want me to be right . 
   you are very inclined to think that everyone hates china . 
  no , just that the us is far more powerful on the international scene . 
   a strong navy wo n't do much if you have to face embargos and punishment on all fronts . 
  the usa was never put under such pressure and never will . 
  the usa is more important to most countries than china is , they would choose the us over china in case of a conflict . 
  meh ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q_2auyms-vm or even ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtivwfkhde8, 
  yeah , but dude , literally every black chick i ever met during the summer had a prettier face than the one that won . 
  the western borders are kinda exaggerated , this one projects a more accurate image ; http://www.euratlas.net/history/europe/1600/1600.jpg, 
   having the strongest navy wo n't do shit if they are getting punished in diplomacy and trades . 
  name a single time anyone pushed around the us diplomatically . 
   middle eastern and african countries have good relationship with china . 
  not really . 
  most still have a much better relation with the us . 
   even if un sides with us , it does n't matter as much since russia and china are veto powers . 
  veto for what ? 
  a military blockade by the us can not be stopped by diplomatic means , get that through your skull . 
   so un could n't do much . 
  precisely . 
   umm , that 's just your opinion no , that is fact ; http://crudeoilpeak.info/wp-content/uploads/2011/05/china_aleklett_domestic_oil_production_2050.jpg china is fucked . 
   furthermore us still ca n't block hormuz just like that without facing consequences on other fields around the globe . 
  us would collapse aswell i did not mean that they destroy the oil trade lol , just issue a blockade on china itself . 
  even so , the us has a far superior domestic production , they barely even need the middle east anymore . 
   us could n't the us has by far the strongest navy . 
  they rule the waves . 
   if us blocks hormuz they will have to face the diplomatic disaster from all over the globe . 
  not really , since the vast majority of the un will side with the us over china . 
   in addition china has oil resources on its own and can get oil from other nations like russia . 
  not even near enough for it to even be relevant . 
   us is reliant on china aswell . 
  us and china could n't fight each other without massively restructuring their economy . 
  true , but the us could survive the conflict , china would collapse . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vy9zxaywndk&amp;t ), 
  this is not nationalism . 
  it is totalitarianism . 
  egypt controlled a tiny eastern portion of north africa . 
  rome ruled the entire north african coast . 
  for the shrooms .
