  very important interview , although it is obviously not a perfectly executed one . 
  here is [ an animated reconstruction of the event . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuqk6t2esng ), 
  or one that can do that special something . 
  most of the streets here have no sidewalk . 
  literally none in my part of town do . 
  i had no idea this is considered japanese for some reason . 
  sure thing buddy , let me know if you ever meet a bunch of decent stock brokers or casino owners . 
  slovenia never existed until 1945 , does not mean it should not have been formed . 
  the sound of carnyx , the ancient celtic horn ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azo7mst8o9m, 
  perhaps for party leaders and those most in the public eye , but most of other ( background ) politicians are there purely through connections and various other scummery . 
   plenty of politicians are actually decent people [ plenty of politicians ... ... decent people ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iub-wjxuree ), 
  this is not about the russian point of view , this is about an ordinary kgb agent rising through the ranks and taking full control over the largest country on earth through pure political competence . 
  the dude even managed to make democracy his bitch . 
  most other despots would already be crumbling after the sanctions started slapping the economy , but putin 's approval ratings either stayed the same or even went up . 
  that is some 4d chess level of political play . 
   but russia is still an economic basket case , isolated and involved in a number of conflicts that are draining resources . 
  that is by his purposeful design . 
  a prosperous and peaceful russia would result in him losing power and control . 
  a quiet society has no need for an authoritarian leader . 
  well , nearly everyone is someones something in uk politics . 
   russia = `` superpower '' with a retarded leader * sociopathic putin is probably the most intelligent ruler of a major power in our time . 
  him being a villain to us does not make him less impressive . 
   to get rid of all thinking machines . 
  paradise on my right , hell on my left and the angel of death behind . 
   i 'm afraid do n't be , fear is the mind killer . 
  what is ? 
  there is no personal insult in my reply to you . 
   conclusion : kajkavian is a language . 
   i finished my sentence . 
  i am sure your legal guardian is very proud . 
   ftfy . 
  look up what a language is . 
   it appears that croatian people would claim that croats speak croatian ? 
  how dare they ? 
   exactly the same ? 
  well , not exactly but very similar . 
  the issue is that they were more different in the past , but joint 19th century language standardizations made them a lot more similar , this was further continued during both yugoslavia 's until the languages became nearly the same . 
  another thing is that there are actually loads of words that each uses that the other does not , however , this is again trumped by the fact that everyone knows each others words so this nullifies even those differences that are still there . 
  all in all , the languages will never be united , because you would need a fourth name for it , since no party wants to surrender the identity of their language . 
  huh , i will look into this . 
   source ? 
  the count of pannonia was called ** comes de sclauis ** at the time . 
   again , source de administrando imperio  the moravian empire never reached to pannonia it absolutely reached it , the issue is merely how much to the east and south , but moravia is not even the issue , slavs lived in the entire basin even during the avar rule , let alone after their demise . 
  again , there is absolutely no mention of avars or anyone else but slavs in the entire pannonian basin after 810ish . 
  the only avars that survived were those that submitted to the croats and were accepted to live among them . 
  i have read that atheists face purposeful targeting and are often victims of false blasphemy accusations . 
  not sure how prevalent it is though . 
   lebanon i would scratch that one off but the rest are so-so ok . 
  vulty . 
   source : i am indian muslim just curious , how much separates your indian identity with the pakistani identity and how much is it tied to your religion ? 
   even tho we are atheists/agnostics in this household . 
  dude , that 's even worse in the eyes of radical islam . 
  christians and jews actually have rights as peoples of the book , non believers are basically worthless in comparison . 
   if history tells us anything then it 's that nothing good ever comes from nationalism . 
  that is utterly faulty . 
  the very concept of modern political entities was spawned through the nation states and 19th century nationalism , not to mention that there are plenty of examples where nationalism was the core driver of stability in a country that could have otherwise easily crumble into smaller parts , like mexico or india . 
   i think european nationalism should be spread [ like sweet jam on bread . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v9d5kpmxjfg ), 
  now that is an interesting concept . 
   croatia is a republic . 
  not kne\u017eevina . 
  republic . 
  res publica . 
  still croatia . 
   croatians are mostly catholic . 
  not pagan . 
  still croats . 
   croatian language is written in latin alphabet . 
  not \u010drte i reze , but in the alphabet romans used . 
  yes . 
   want to go more subtle ? 
  there is no more subtle , you are being ridiculous . 
   those are all the things we picked up from greco-roman civilization and christianity . 
  irrelevant to the point . 
   those notions are what makes us european , and they wo n't simply disappear but ethnic or cultural identity is not be so prone to survival . 
   just like they did n't disappear when roman empire folded and pagan barbarians took over but rome itself did fold . 
   so even if demographic picture of europe radically changes , ideas will persist and keep europe distinctly european . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  otherwise the political and cultural concepts that exited during the late roman empire would not have collapsed wherever barbarians settled . 
  which is why you had the edictum rothari instead of roman law in most of the western empire for quite a long time . 
   submissiveness shmubmissiveness . 
  you just summed up the fall of whatever default civilization ever fell , ever . 
   it would n't be the end of europe . 
  it would be the end of it as we know it . 
   europe would be different , but it would still be europe . 
  ... and a woman would still be a woman if she was gangraped into submission . 
  so when some germanic vandal horde turned up at some town in africa , the rubble they would leave would not matter , since that town is still that town , just with a different germanic name , a different germanic culture , different germanic customs and different germanic people populating it ? 
   so who lived there , germans ? 
  slavs ? 
  slavs . 
   kinda find it hard to believe that the otherwise non-nomadic slavs would have moved into the area and also get out without a trace slavs migrated constantly during that period , and there is absolutely trace of them during that period in that region . 
   if i had to guess the avars probably joined the hungarians that guess would be wrong , as the avars were last mentioned there during the rule of charlemagne , after which they were either exterminated or forced to subjugation and transported to austria . 
  the only place where they are mentioned as living after that is in croatia , where they were subjugated by croats . 
   i mean no offence , but i have been to croatia and turkey , and i saw a comparable percentage of people who `` look white '' . 
  that is quite a strange assessment , croatia has a double digit percentage of light haired and light eyed people in the population , turks are also visibly darker than us nearly everywhere apart from their soap operas . 
  but yes , i get your gist , i agree with you . 
  that is not foreigners not respecting poland , that is just erasmus turks being erasmus turks . 
   indo-european is not equivalent or even in the same cathegory as white/caucasian . 
  it kinda is , research 19th century racial theories , it is where the term came from since it was wrongly believed that the indo european langauge group spawned in the caucasian mountains .
