   there is very little slavic bloodline in the south slavic populations that is not true . 
  no , they are not . 
  religions are merely belief systems and ideas of worship . 
  ideologies are systems of ideas tied to economic or political theory and policy . 
  read my reply then if you are so adamant at my statement being `` utter bullshit '' . 
  you are describing a rebellion during the conquest , this is nearly 500 years later , when basically everyone in the territory is already well past allied tribes . 
   there 's a reason roman britain collapsed so quickly , and that 's primarily because it was heavily based on military occupation . 
  no , it is because literally every single available solider was conscripted into service and left the island along with magnus . 
  this of course , resulted in most of the bureaucracy to leave as well , including the magistrates . 
  britain was thus emptied from a lot of romans who would have stayed there , including swarms of colonists . 
  roman britain was definitely nothing alike a military occupation at the time , as most of the people living inside the province were already functional tax payers and basically citizens not unlike that in gaul or hispania . 
   even area 's within `` romanised '' britain did n't fair too well it did though , up until magnus maximus ordered the evacuation . 
   on top of that existing roman infrastructure was heavily dependent on the empire to support it . 
  this is indeed a good point and the military spending would probably take a hit , but that does not mean the province would have simply collapsed . 
   with the rest of the empire crumbling or withering away it would n't have lasted long , even with continued roman presence in england . 
  but it would have probably repelled the saxon invasion had it held for some more decades , and without that , there were basically no other threats aside from the occasional pictish coastal raid . 
  they simply were not in the same threat from the great migration as the continent was . 
  heck the romano province/kingdom of soissons in gaul lasted until 486 and they were at the brunt of it all . 
   he was just their totem guy no he was n't , they denounced him constantly . 
   so they could say they are pro lgbt lmao no . 
   and promoting a self hating gay meat hating on gays was ok ... what ? 
  the saxon invasion would have failed and the pictish and celtic raids would have been halted . 
  meaning a purely celtic britain that is half romanized . 
  milo was also never alt-right . 
  neither he claimed to be so , neither did they accept him as so . 
  the issue is that both sides desire a simple narrative against the other , so they lump up everyone in the same target to streamline their hatred and triggeredness into a single path . 
  magnus maximus was an opportunistic moron , usurper and secessionist scum . 
  if not for him , romano-britain could have survived the migration period . 
  it is when islam ceases to be just a religion and becomes political ideology ,, 
  [ here we go again ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_luxembourg ), 
  yes , a bosnian muslim immigrant is alt-right ... 
   could n't bosnian just have been a regional identity ? 
  originally yes , but the first domestic primary sources mention only bosnians , the issue is that they they never call themselves either croats or serbs . 
  so yes , they probably were originally a regional identity , but they became a separate political/ethnic identifier by the 12th/13th century . 
  well , they were called vlachs most of the time , you can argue that they were actually serbs , but calling them vlachs is n't disingenuous . 
  there is a reason vlaski statuti are n't called srpski statuti . 
  i did not say fleeing , but resettled as ottoman citizens into vacant lands . 
  similarly , a lot of germans were resettled into slavonia and vojvodina by the habsburgs , which is why we had so many volksdeutcher for so long ( until ww2 that is ) . 
   an orthodox monastery around knin existed since 1382 . 
  because it was built by a serb wife of a croat noble . 
  similarly , an orthodox monastery existed in varazdin since the 15th century , will you argue that serbs populated zagorje ? 
   btw , western bosnia ( bosanska krajina ) could n't have been with muslim majority , as my family lived there for as i know , 16th century . 
  that does not make sense lol , one family does not make a majority . 
  indeed . 
  beautiful . 
  it has a bit to do with refugees considering most jobs they are expected to fill up are low rank menial jobs , the ones most at risk at being replaced by robots . 
  suddenly , automation . 
  [ me doing a grocery run tomorrow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su4mdyj8dsi ), 
   it 's a mere claim echoed by many economists i see one . 
   people that have studied this field their whole lifes . 
  people who also have personal biases and agendas . 
   at this point you are just contrarian without any actual arguments . 
  i think we are done here . 
  alright . 
   you realise how huge 0.2 % is , right ? 
  it is merely a claim , beneath statements of huge expenditures of money . 
  no , the other dude was arguing that it was an economic stimulus to which i replied that it is a bad one ( in the sense that it does not provide benefit ) . 
  nothing more . 
  i was not arguing that ... 
  one quote claiming 0.2 % with the article itself stating tens of billions in cost over the next years . 
  so even an obviously purposefully positive constructed article barely has anything to argue when it comes to it not being a huge cost . 
   what serbian migrations , what are you talking about ? 
  there was never any significant migration from serbia to bosnia . 
  yes there were , they were resettled there during the ottoman empire because the land was vacant since a lot of the croats and bosnians left during the wars of 1460-1592 . 
  in fact , the entire western half of today 's bosnia was known as turkish croatia until the 19th century ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_croatia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:1827_finley_map_of_turkey_in_europe,_greece_and_the_balkans_-_geographicus_-_turkeyeurope-finley-1827.jpg how do you think knin and inner dalmatia became serb majority in the 18th century ? 
   ( a small part of which economists directly contribute to spending on refugees ) source ? 
  unless you want the money not to be spent at all which is the alternative . 
  you can argue that it could have been spent differently , fine , but it 's not wasted . 
  tax breaks , infrastructure investments , investing in science or industry etc. 
  swarms of other things that would have been a far better option . 
   yes , all the money the government spends is wasted !, 
  re-read that sentence and re-think the analogy . 
   that sounds like your mother 's problem , not like ours . 
  that sounds like germany giving straight cash to non-citizens out of the tax payers pocket . 
   but spending money on refugees is an economic stimulus . 
  it is a bad stimulus scheme . 
   that does n't mean that spending money on infrastructure is n't . 
  but it is a far better option to spend money at . 
  certain areas in germany have a housing problem , how about investing in that ? 
   you are acting like this was planned as a economic programm for germany . 
  no , i am literally correcting that it is n't profitable . 
   our government wanted to help these people . 
  yes . 
   in the end we probably wo n't get richer oder poorer but we saved human lives and made a lot of them less miserable . 
  no you did n't , you imported a million economic migrants that were safe since they entered turkey . 
   why not help them ? 
  because german citizens deserve german money more . 
  that money could have been invested in various forms to do exactly that . 
   being wasted ? 
  are you serious ? 
  yes . 
   we saved human lives . 
  from who , the austrians , croats and slovenians etc. ? 
   why do so many people outside of germany care about how our government spends it 's money ? 
  because your country is the main thing holding the eu together and its stability and prosperity is directly ties to it , and thus , us . 
   the refugees are not responsible for the wage structures in your country . 
  no , but it still infuriates . 
   also keep in mind 100 $ in germany may be less useful than in other countries . 
  not really that much , in fact , certain things are actually cheaper in germany than here . 
  they could have just dumped the entire lot into infrastructure , esa or anything else tied to the state .
