  this is either subversion or pure political incompetence . 
  why go public with it , why not keep in on the down low ? 
  it does not make any sense . 
  you can argue a point for the other parts , but croatia was a separate political entity , a kingdom , thus , not a part of hungary :p, 
  the us bombing operations in syria are all accidents ? 
  they also accidentally refuel saudi airforce over yemeni airspace ? 
  [ collecting resources comrade ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o2h8veeerzm ), 
  how the hell did we get a wage decrease if a good portion of our low payed and unemployed went abroad to work ? 
  the loss of energy due to 100s of km of transfer through the grid will be a massive issue , or am i mistaken ? 
   russia is not big enough to have real global significance like the us does . 
  correct . 
  but you are again comparing countries , not individual people . 
  a warlord in somalia is more powerful than the city major of paris . 
  the power of the us is spread across its institutions and around those who surround the president , the power of russia is basically just putin and his personally picked oligarchy . 
   not my fault that it is the go to argument of every person trying to defend russia ever . 
  yes , but this time defending russia was , for once , warranted , as the accusation was ridiculous . 
   i 'd say presidents of usa and china are both more powerful . 
  i disagree , both of them are quite shackled by their large governments and officials . 
  putin is basically a tsar , he rules russia in the literal sense . 
   so , exactly what you just did ? 
  yes . 
   let me see , people are fleeing because assad is killing his own citizens , who props up assad ? 
  they are fleeing because there is a civil war . 
  government controlled syria still has millions of people living in it . 
   no responsibility whatsoever . 
  correct , russia is not responsible in any way for the refugee crisis . 
   now tell me more about what the us does or does not do , i hear that the more you try to change the conversation about the us , the more the very fabric of reality starts to alter in such a way as to make russia not responsible for all the thousands airstrikes over civilian areas and deaths of said civilians , resulting in a massive humanitarian crisis . 
  comical . 
  it is as if comparative analysis of things is suddenly a bad thing to do just because people kept repeating whatabaoutism over and over again until they saw it everywhere . 
   false . 
  your point was that russia is n't to blame because they merely bomb the shit out of assad 's opposition and nothing more . 
  which is demonstrably true . 
  to even insinuate that russia is responsible for the refugee crisis through their bombings is ridiculous . 
   you tried to justify your point by saying the us is n't blamed for the abuse of saudi arabia 's government either , which is just classic whataboutism and not even true , since the us is definitely not bombing saudi civilians on saudi arabia 's behalf . 
  no , i was merely trying to point out something you failed to pick up . 
  if i was actually trying to whatabout , i would just start posting casualties from us bombings in syria , or better yet , just drone strikes ; pakistan datasheet most recent strike : may 21 2016 total strikes : 424 obama strikes : 373 total killed : 2,499-4 ,001 civilians killed : 424-966 children killed : 172-207 injured : 1,161-1 ,744 yemen 2002 onwards us covert action most recent strike : october 21 2016 confirmed drone strikes : 137-157 total killed : 581-848 civilians killed : 65-101 children killed : 8-9 injured : 100-235 possible extra drone strikes : 91-108 total killed : 358-512 civilians killed : 26-61 children killed : 6-9 injured : 82-109 other covert operations : 20-83 total killed : 210-443 civilians killed : 68-102 children killed : 26-28 injured : 43-132 somalia 2007 onwards most recent strike : september 28 2016 drone strikes : 32-36 total killed : 242-418 civilians killed : 3-10 children killed : 2 injured : 5-24 other covert operations : 9-13 total killed : 59-160 civilians killed : 7-47 children killed : 0-2 injured : 11-21 afghanistan 2015 onwards most recent strike : december 15 2016 bureau data total strikes : 848-854 total killed : 2,332-3 ,057 civilians killed : 124-181 children killed : 6-23 injured : 292-344 https://www.thebureauinvestigates.com/category/projects/drones/drones-graphs/, 
   russia is actively targeting civilians is that really the case , or are they collateral damage ? 
  or do you forget that the rebels in syria are radicalized paramilitias whose main line of fighting are urban civilian areas ? 
   just revert back to what you were taught , whenever russia is called out you just have to point out all the bad things the us does lol , i am not a putin bot , this entire discussion is a result of people equating russian participation in syria with actually causing the refugee crisis . 
  i merely corrected that false accusation and suddenly there has to be at least some judgement left regardless . 
   suddenly in love with putin . 
  i wish the putin oligarchy destroyed . 
   if you really want to defend russia , maybe defend them on their own merit instead of always reverting back to `` but the us '' incredible . 
  re-read our discussion , it was my point that the us ** should n't ** be judged solely by their assistance and actions of their allies . 
  well , they are a tall people . 
  yes . 
  1 ) the us air force is currently in active mission support of the saudi bombing of yemen , stemming from air refueling saudi aircraft to transport and munitions supply . 
  2 ) the us bombing in syria also stemmed quite a number of civilian casualties , most notably blowing up of a doctors without borders clinic , killing children and medical volunteers . 
  yes , it is a much different aspect of blame . 
  in a similar manner , you can not judge the us over human rights violations of saudi arabia . 
  russia merely supports a government with air strikes and limited activity , you can not connect russian support with assad 's will for total war . 
   much more people fled from assad than from isis . 
  i do not believe that is true . 
  i will look into it . 
  kinky sex stuff . 
  you are missing the picture . 
  it is not countries -  russia , it is politicians -  putin . 
  putin , despite russia 's stagnating nature , is arguably the most powerful individual on earth at the moment and has been for years . 
  having putin as a political ally is no light matter . 
   russia is responsible for refugee crisis lol what ? 
   choking sounds ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  the rational right wing people were beaten , shunned and in some cases executed in the early 90s , leaving only opportunistic quasi-religious right wingers in the top of the political sphere along with the rest of the left wing parties . 
  this in turn resulted in nationalism being solely tied to world war 2 and the supposed fight against leftists , who are seen as the enemy of croatia and croats ( also tied to communism and yugoslavia ) . 
  even though croatia had a leftist government for quite a while , the right wing won the last election and the cycle is being repeated once again . 
   that is complete bullshit . 
  not really , you could supply 10-15 people in jordan for the cost of a single person in germany . 
  in the end of the video there is a mistake , magyars did not come from siberia , but from the european part of the plains west of ural . 
  they were europeans , just steppe europeans . 
  yeah , i was so pumped entering this link ( . _ . ), 
  i thought it would be something celebrity level asinine like opening a nightclub in a refugee camp in jordan . 
   stressed by the demands of university life . 
  it is also a part of the opening ceremony of the summer games in dubrovnik ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=83ztzbsljws, 
  i concede that you are correct in that sense , but the vast majority of the dutch were n't subject to that . 
  yes , you are right . 
   russia was developing modern-era propaganda to change it they already developed it in the 70s , what we are witnessing now is just a modernized revamp ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx3ezcvj2xa, 
   i think , they had their reasons to kick nazis out of the netherlands i agree . 
  it is just that i reserve `` extermination '' for those that were actually planned to be wiped out . 
  translation ( the best i could , as a direct translation is difficult ) ; o beautiful , o kind , o sweet liberty , gift through which all the treasures of our lord we receive , cause of truth of all our glory paramount decor of this dubrava , all the silver , all the gold , all the lives of man can not wage the purity of your beauty !, 
  - originally written by ivan gundulic ( 1589 -- 1638 ), 
  you mistake me , i did not disagree with anything else you said . 
  merely with the single point about them being exterminated . 
  i agree with you on the other points , partizan resistance against an occupational force is acceptable and even expected , and should not be judged by its illegality alone . 
  not that i agree with the above or disagree with you , but the dutch were considered aryan , they were n't subject to extermination . 
   usa do not exterminate local population . 
  the dutch were n't being exterminated . 
  [ u boj !, 
  alright . 
  the whites should have won . 
  dear god , imagine a semi-westernized russia since 1920ish ... 
  do n't know , apparently all the countries from turkey to france are n't safe or prosperous enough to disqualify refugees from being refugees as the push towards sweden and the uk . 
  do you even mass automation brah ? 
  the wiki article has a translation in english ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u_boj,_u_boj edit ; upon reading it , not exactly a perfect translation . 
  for example ; against the enemy !, 
  they shall die !, 
  should be ; against the foe !, 
  he has to , has to fall !, 
  please no . 
  that must have been quite a pain in the ass to construct . 
  the song is inspired by a poem from 1684 , `` odiljenje sigetsko '' , by pavao ritter vitezovi\u0107 . 
  it was written in this form in 1866 , by franjo markovi\u0107 , finally composed by ivan zajc and later added into the opera `` nikola \u0160ubi\u0107 zrinjski '' in 1876 .
