  occupation would be by a foreign force . 
   the normans still enacted a policy of tolerance , retained the greek and arab heritage and did not force christianity on their subjects . 
  while the emirs were driven out of sicily , muslim and jewish architects , philosophers , poets , etc were still an integral part of the court of the norman kings . 
  they were elite as well . 
  this policy of tolerance continued well into the reign of frederick , who in face , spoke arabic , as well as latin , german and sicilian . 
  i am not arguing against that , what i am merely arguing is that most of those muslims were local converts , not foreign settlers . 
   but the arabs perfected those systems and improved on those of the ancient romans and greeks . 
  no , they did not . 
  the best they did was try and reconstruct what they could from the roman period , something that europe largely could not do . 
  but neither medieval europe nor the medieval muslim world could even come close to what was constructed during the roman period . 
   the umayyads and the abassids were both arab yes , but just the ruling family was , i was talking about the society as a whole . 
  for instance , during the abbasid rule , most of the government was run by persian muslims . 
   the last stronghold of the byzantines , noto , fell in 902 , so overall the conquest of sicily lasted some 80 years , not wo centuries as you claim . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_taormina_ ( 962 ), 
  we are talking about sicily ... 
  i will try to find a translation , but to my knowledge , the waterwheels and watermills were not lost during the medieval period . 
  even england had hundreds of them by the time the normans took over . 
  again , the arab dominance was ended by the abbasids , by the time of the conquest of sicily , which did not even end until the late 10th and early 11th century as it lasted for two grueling centuries of warfare , it was the abbasid age . 
   since they were the exiled umayyads the umayyads in sicily during abbasid rule ? 
   arab culture literally not a single word of what you quoted presents that . 
   since the king himself spoke arabic lol what ? 
   does n't change the fact that the elite came from northern africa what elite ? 
  what was left of the former ruling class was cast out of sicily after the battle of cerami and later capture of syracuse . 
  you speak of norman sicily ** 200 ** years after that . 
   just like important cultural and economic influences that went both ways during that period . 
  the muslims were still just a band of warlords during the rashidun caliphate , the golden age was not sparked until the abbasid era , and by then sicily was ruled by local convert muslims . 
   like the spreading of water mills europe had those since antiquity . 
   irrigation fucking lol . 
   orange and lemon groves , etc. 
  yeah . 
   can simply sit back and wait for you to starve . 
  not that simple , people often miss the point that besieging armies use up supplies just as those they besiege . 
  the army outside is also on a ticking clock of either running out of food or a disease outbreak . 
  plenty of sieges ended by armies simply leaving . 
  for instance , saladin just left krak des chevaliers ( hospitaller knights ) as he realized that he was running out of supplies for his large army . 
   arab culture * sicilian muslim contrary to popular belief , the vast majority of muslims in both sicily and spain were actually native converts and their descendants , not foreign settlers . 
  kingdom of yugoslavia had both croatia and slovenia ... 
  meh , lasted barely a few years , when tvrtko died , half of those lands were lost within months . 
  yeah , i understand that . 
  i either misread your post or you are just being playfully sinister . 
  as i read it , your post implied that there is a norm in the west of protecting hate speech through free speech . 
   you must be willfully ignorant no , those of you downvoting and snark replying to me are just unable to read the actual intent of the post i replied to . 
  no , when isis states that all the shia should be bludgeoned to death , that is hate speech . 
  when a grandma in the western world states that she does not like how her gypsy neighbors because they play loud music into the evening hours sometimes , that is free speech . 
  nice stuff . 
   but i know that in the 70 's and 80 's in ireland , there were huge family 's . 
  up until fairly recently , everywhere were huge families . 
  my next door neighbors mom is the youngest of 14 . 
  alright . 
  yes . 
  breed . 
  dude ... italy , spain , portugal , croatia etc. 
  have pathetic birthrates . 
   if africa develops then they wo n't be wanting to migrate to europe . 
  millions will migrate regardless of societal development . 
  not to mention that africa most probably wo n't develop nearly enough to have that effect . 
  hell , tens of thousands of young croats have left the country over the past few years and our country is far more developed than the vast majority of africa . 
  [ inb4 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=onbiovpx0_w&amp;t=1m25s ), 
  that is just bizarre to look at . 
  raised as needed still counts as a standing army if those raised are kept in service for over 10-15 even 20 years . 
   they were raised as needed . 
  erm no , at least not in most cases since the late republican times and throughout the timeline of the empire . 
  they were fully professional and acted as a standing army , they had their paycheck and the land given to them was just a retirement bonus ( quite a massive one for that period though ) . 
  mooo, 
  [ he is the mogg . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfmog2mel6q ), 
   sweeping out from turkey that is actually quite a flawed statement . 
  the majority of the migrations westwards were from eastern europe , the area from modern ukraine to the caucasus mountains were inhabited by european nomads that moved westward in a massive migration , the migration from anatolia paled in comparison to my knowledge . 
  this also resulted in the end destruction of the [ cucuteni-trypillian civilization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cucuteni-trypillian_culture ) , a european civilization with cities that dwarfed even the mesopotamian ones during the period ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/settlements_of_the_cucuteni%e2%80%93trypillian_culture however , all was lost because of climate change + migration , so the mesopotamian region was the one who survived and gave birth to writing and all the other stuff instead . 
  [ we only had one since the 19th century to this day . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kim94x46rkk ), 
  [ rubs nipples in conservative ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3qzomejpao ), 
  you mean the 30 years war which was a continental war with france , sweden , spain and poland-lithuania involved ? 
  just because germany was the battlefield does not mean it was a civil war . 
  hey , if it ai n't baroque , do n't fix it . 
   if you just look at the troop numbers that is for the entire invasion and the war in total , not that there was a massive d-day on korea or that such numbers were present in a battle . 
  also , europe had similar numbers in various wars around that time . 
  hell , lithuanians fielded 30-40 000 men in the vedrosha campaign . 
  there were about 60-80 000 men at the battle of marignano already at the beginning of the 16th century . 
  even in the 13th century around 40-60 000 men fought at marchfield . 
  now , this was not the norm , but not because it could not be done , but because the very nature of european warfare was very different at the time . 
  yes please . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fklz2-rrcvm&amp;t=2m0s ), 
   english and french merchants had to beg for special protections from the ottomans to trade in their land because their monarchs were not powerful enough to force the ottomans to let them trade there [ at this time ] . 
  lol , all merchants had to do this everywhere . 
  also , the ottomans could not even take out croatia and western hungary , let alone central europe as a whole . 
  it took them over 200 years to conquer modern day bosnia and hungary alone , it was far from a cakewalk of ottoman supremacy as you describe it . 
   the turks succesfully ventured into the indian ocean well , not really successfully in the indian ocean , their fleets were annihilated by the portuguese at every other step , even in the persian gulf and the red sea . 
  you are right about the 16th century med though , there , the ottomans had a much larger naval presence and a larger navy that only large coalitions of european powers could match . 
   interesting fact is that a most of polish cities have also german name and poles have polish names for german cities ( the biggest ones ) . 
  that is because , after the german migrations from that area during the migration period , most of current east germany and austria [ was settled by slavs and remained so for centuries ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6e/slavic_tribes_in_the_7th_to_9th_century.jpg ) before it became german again in the high and late medieval period . 
  yeah , i guess you are right . 
  i would say that bringing 50 000 troops , twice the number of the english themselves , counts as more than just a bit of backup , 
  i would say that bringing 50 000 troops , twice the number of the english , counts as more than just a bit of backup , 
  [ holy hell those romans and greeks could really stack up some major gains . 
  ] ( http://arkeofili.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/her2.jpg ) though , their diet was completely lacking of refined sugar and other poisons that we can not avoid , so i guess we still have an excuse . 
  would be way funnier if he dressed like a chetnik . 
  i thought the germans ( prussia ) had waterloo ? 
  you brits have trafalgar instead . 
  it was a catastrophe for the english , with 25 english dead for every one frenchman .
