  turkey should restore the walls and make tons of money by offering tours on them . 
  nice . 
  was n't this concept thoroughly debunked ? 
  epic . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i had no idea the black sea coast was so cold during the summer . 
   call the judges then . 
  i 'm sure they 'll listen to you  not a french citizen , that is your job and duty . 
  or is free speech not on your top list of priorities ? 
  huh , so he just saw a class full of muslims and had a moment of ethnic existentialism . 
  well , i do n't think he should be prosecuted for that , that is a bit to vague to be considered hate speech imo . 
  wait , so the muslims are all gathered up into a single class within a generation ? 
  that seems odd , is this them segregating themselves or the other way around ? 
   sounds like he was driven by derangement and not religion one does not necessarily exclude the other . 
  how is the black sea compared to the mediterranean ? 
  i plan to visit turkey again eventually and i have to decide which coast to go to . 
   and there is no money in the world that would buy tunisia to say `` sure , we will take 1 mil of your migrants when our economy is tad in shits '' . 
  you mistake me , i am not arguing for the resettlement of current migrants in the eu to tunisia , i am arguing for the settlement of those who are currently arriving by sea . 
  meaning , it would not come close to a million , as the route would close up after a mere few thousand since the migrants would realize it is pointless to try the crossing . 
  i mostly agree with your other points . 
  well that seems senseless . 
  i was unaware of this . 
  another deal is necessary . 
   we are exchanging them 1 to 1 . 
  could you elaborate this ? 
   you can not level a holiday celebrating their entity , with a referendum on leaving of course not , one is merely a step towards the other . 
  with the rest we can agree to disagree . 
  i believe that they will at least try . 
   we dont have that luxury as syria , iraq , astan , pakistan , car , somalia and eritrea are countries where acc to international law you can not extradite refugees . 
  1 ) those refugees passed through safe countries to get to the eu , nullifying their refugee status . 
  2 ) tunisia and turkey are safe countries . 
   and that comes with several billion cost and erdogan being a cunt about it all . 
  germany will waste 90 billion on the current several hundred thousand in the next few years . 
  meaning , even by paying 10 billion to turkey , it would still be 9 times cheaper . 
  nothing about it would be illegal if you had a deal with the landing option country . 
  you to . 
  best regards, 
  if they are in turkey ( not a war zone ) , they are already not allowed to venture beyond it to be considered refugees . 
   they do , after all , people place survival above politics . 
  reality or truth is irrelevant . 
  they will simply not see it that way , they will be convinced that an independent rs is a better option . 
   especially the ' \u00faneducated politicans in rs ' as you so biasly stated . 
  not bias , reality . 
  i will state the same for the majority of croatian politicians as well , we are just slightly better when it comes to that . 
   they do not , they 're lucky enough to have the entity , unlike croats . 
  they wont risk it to become another kosovo , a failed state . 
  again , they do not think that way ; http://vijesti.hrt.hr/353478/u-republici-srpskoj-danas-se-odrzava-referendum 99,8 % of the rs population signed on a referendum that rs should have a state day . 
  implying that the rs is a political entity separate from bih ( which already has a state day ) . 
   they do care , as i stated people are worried for survival most , not politics . 
  well , firstly , you have to consider the possibility that you are wrong in that . 
  secondly , even if you are right , realize the fact that they might ( and most do ) consider the independence of rs as a better option for prosperity and survival . 
   they already have an entity , and do n't forget , the little country named serbia , right across the border . 
  they want another one . 
   i would like it if we could realize that , but not like the australians where the refugees suffer so much . 
  tunisia does not seem that bad to me , it is far better than those backwater islands australia sends their refugees to . 
   that 's cold man . 
  welcome to the real world son / jk  i know it sounds stupidly optimistic , but maybe there 's a way to restore some sort of order in the middle east , and then send most back for rebuilding efforts . 
  uhuhu no . 
  global warming is coming , a good chunk of africa and the middle east is going up in flames , tens of millions of people will have their habitat threatened . 
  this is just the beginning . 
   separate and do what exactly ? 
  they do not really care about the after . 
  imagine the people behind brexit , but without any proper education , that is the average politician of the rs . 
   they do n't have the leverage for that they do , rs is already an autonomous entity . 
   they do n't have the means to survive if they breach the international law and self declare as kosovo did . 
  they do n't care . 
   serbia does n't want them , and has little means to sustain them . 
  they do n't care . 
   what could they possibly achieve with independence ? 
  a serbian country for serbs . 
   other than that its okay . 
  republika srpska will try everything it can to separate , that is the prime threat to bih . 
  you can not stabilize those countries with some pathetic economic incentive . 
  you also have to realize the fact that a good portion of those migrants are coming from relatively stable countries and that they are economic migrants . 
  capture and return i say . 
  do that , and it will not matter even if africa is entirely ablaze , nobody will even try to cross . 
  you are correct , but that still does not change that croatia was a kingdom , meaning , unlike the other parts , a separate political entity from hungary , regardless of its subservient status . 
   libya is where the problem remains libya is even easier , as you can strike a deal with tunisia for a much , much cheaper price . 
   we can only hope that operation sophia 's libya training/stabilisation will end the chaos on that end . 
  doubt it , it will continue as present until global warming sends literally tens of millions of people our way and the altruism obsessed lunatics in the west realize certain realities about the world outside their high class bubble . 
  that is why you make a deal with either turkey or egypt/libya . 
  all this can be easily done , because after a very hard and busy first week or two , arrivals would halt completely as they would realize the futility of venturing illegally . 
  what is illegal about it ? 
  all you need is a deal with the country you return them to . 
  boats entering a countries waters illegally can be seized at will . 
  i was talking about land crossing . 
  sea crossings are even easier , just pick them up , destroy the boat and unload them on the coast they came from . 
  within a month the migration would halt completely . 
   you can build a trump wall there , if out of options . 
  you can fire rubber bullets into them . 
  after about 50-60 hospitalizations , word would spread and nobody in their right mind would try to illegally cross . 
   heh , `` even '' , really ? 
  yes , really . 
   if those are figures of praise to you , i 'm done , i have no response , have my capitulation . 
  i send the exact opposite regard to you as well . 
  bosnia may indeed crumble in the next few years , that is a reality people need to understand . 
  the australian refugee policy is excellent and magnificent . 
  without it , australia would have suffered literally millions of migrants over the years from asia . 
  the eu should copy that brutal piece of legislation word for word and pay tunisia a truckton of cash to harbor camps . 
  imagine if germany offered some of those 90 billion they plan to waste on the refugees over the next two years to tunis , they would accept it in a heartbeat .
