  what ? 
  my other beliefs do qualify as nationalism , it is just that the support for the eu adds up to them . 
   you can even be a militant anti-nationalist and be quite happy with the eu . 
  yes ? 
   to be nationalistic towards the eu is a jarring belief . 
  ...  there 's not a common nation , the eu was created precisely to overcome nationalism and so far its actions are n't in line with nationalism . 
  i believe you misunderstood me . 
  i am a nationalist that believes that it is in the interest of his country to be an active member of the eu . 
  i am just a nationalist that believes that the eu and its current workings/activities are in the interest of my country . 
  so you feel you have the authority to discard my political beliefs in such a manner ? 
  it is so elusive to you that someone may consider the eu and its workings to be in the interest of his/her country ? 
  well , here i am . 
  [ welcome back g.i. 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jubz5c8tcgo ), 
  what is it with right wingers and being anti-eu ? 
  i ca n't even cheer for the right wing anymore because they are all isolationist populists all the sudden . 
  am i the only pro-eu nationalist left on the damn continent ? 
  your historiography does this with quite a number of croatian nobles . 
  every single human being that entered germany by land is an economic migrant . 
  almost 30 children ? 
  they could not state an exact number even within such a small group ? 
  they should be sent to croatia instead . 
  we have entire ethnically cleansed villages that need resettling , the nordics do n't even have an expanding housing policy . 
   we need some self-sustainable method of generating refugees . 
  ohoho , do n't you worry . 
  once global warming really hits the fan , expect tens of millions of them on the move , all looking at that spread legged woman of a political entity we call the eu . 
  electoral monarchy rather . 
   central europe, 
  this is mostly just deporting other europeans back to serbia and kosovo . 
  ridiculous . 
  bulgaria has seen not only aging and stagnating , but actually a steady decrease in population for the past decades and yet their economy is still going up . 
  not to mention that people will stop aging and dying in about 20-30 years . 
  this is nothing but demographic slapping of the native population and it will become a powderkeg the moment the next economic shaking occurs . 
  have fun with all those hundreds of thousands of low skilled laborers in your country once mass automation starts taking away the very jobs you plan to fill with them , all within 3-4 years . 
  yes . 
   now our only goal is to find a country as easily bribable libya ? 
  sad . 
   sad, 
   echoes, 
   it is an echo of chamber, 
  you are talking to yourself . 
  mirror . 
  it would seem you have been looking into a mirror this entire time . 
  it would seem that you are sad , therefore , correct through the sadness and incorrectness of your source . 
  correct . 
  it is sad what you brought to the discussion . 
  yes , yours is sad indeed . 
   my source is sad yes it is . 
   my source is sad yes it is . 
  no , i just agreed that your source is sad . 
   my source is sad, 
  [ if they even manage to get to vienna ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_g%c3%bcns ), 
  lol , my source is projection by the world bank . 
  your source is some journalist dribble about some saudis being nervous . 
  you are wrong , making me the victor . 
  incorrect ; https://knoema.com/yxptpab/crude-oil-price-forecast-long-term-2016-to-2025-data-and-charts, 
  incorrect . 
  the price of it is lower but consumption is at an all time high and will continue to rise . 
   in 10 years oil will be nothing lol no , it will be even more important . 
  the developing world will see an increase of fossil fuel usage despite renewable energy , especially india and china . 
  oil will remain black gold up until at least 2050-2070 . 
  croatia masterhouserace . 
  lol , how ? 
  the word is still a homonym regardless of the origin of the word . 
  that is correct , but that does not remove the fact that the current name is a homonym to the other word . 
   except nis does not has roots from the slavic language , so no it does not translate to nuffin . 
  is that even relevant to how it currently translates into other languages ? 
  the current name of the town is ni\u0161 and ni\u0161 also means nothing or , more precisely `` nuffin ' '' from the word `` ni\u0161ta '' . 
  what is a country ? 
  what is a border ? 
  what is the enforcement of law ? 
  the westerner screams , for he does not know . 
  nobody even fazed about the saudis spending ** 13.7 % ** of their gdp on weaponry ? 
  it is a zoom issue . 
  if the map includes the urals and caucasus , europe ends up being quite small ; http://i.imgur.com/ruczkyw.png and that is not good for descriptive imagery . 
  [ well , she is . 
  ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-ib-hsghqvjw/vmoh3muoowi/aaaaaaaaano/zcypquijk2w/s1600/thatcher%2bmeme.jpg ), 
  reminds me of that nuke scene from terminator 2 , with sarah 's skeleton holding the fence . 
   you are conflating things that happened three years after the war with the war . 
  not really , as the agreement was already reached shortly after operation storm ; https://hr.wikipedia.org/wiki/erdutski_sporazum it was already a thing in 1995 . 
   tell the people in vukovar how croatia managed to defend them . 
  you are being fallacious to the point of comedy . 
   nationalism is a hell of a drug . 
  amazing . 
   it 's not tunisian burden to wear . 
  but you could get a lot of money out of it . 
  my country got 70 million euro 's for refugees that did not even stay here lol  the eu could use it 's military might to stop sea migrants if they wanted using any kind of aggression or force is out of the question for the eu . 
  the very nature of the eu and western europe is to be as submissive and irrationally altruistic as possible . 
   it caused a huge amount of damage on the enemy side , while we did suffer such destruction . 
  because you were the invading force . 
   if the defender fails to defend he lost . 
  when serbia attacked , croatia failed to defend . 
  how did croatia failed to defend if it continued to exist and returned all its territory ? 
   that territory was conquered and only returned three years after the war . 
  it was not taken back by military means . 
  irrelevant . 
   croatia lost when it fought serbia , but in the end it did n't really matter . 
  how did croatia lose if jna failed to even take osijek or vinkovci ? 
  jna even failed to take valpovo . 
  you are the one with a warped perception , as if the goal of yugoslavia/serbia at the time was merely conquering the area around vukovar and nothing else .
