  not long after this battle a series of smaller engagements ensued ( including the return of paris ) , culminating in the [ battle of castillion ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_castillon ) , a battle which not only ended the war , but also shouted the coming age of the arquebus and the musket . 
  well that is just impressive . 
  i am sure the victims and the families of the victims are very pleased to hear their rapists and murderers have achieved such societal advancement . 
  it quite literally is . 
  well , i hope bosnia does not collapse and another set piece erupts here again . 
  [ because ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlpyiurag6m ), 
  i did not know that was the case . 
  i will look into it . 
  still surreal when you think about that there is an actual war going on on european soil . 
  erm , i am not claiming that the area was christian , the argument was against the statement ;  muslims were in granada for an arguably longer period ... so my rebut is about christianity merely being in granada , meaning just having a presence , not necessarily a majority or even a large number . 
  st. paul himself went on a pilgrimage to hispania just a few decades after jesus was crucified . 
   yeah once you build them some infrastructure i 'm including that . 
  [ this is what a small country like jordan managed to build . 
  ] ( https://vid.alarabiya.net/images/2016/03/28/2d43107e-349a-4718-aa5c-e17c4020e414/2d43107e-349a-4718-aa5c-e17c4020e414_16x9_788x442.jpg )  and jordan is twice as big area wise its the reverse , jordan is 89k km2 and tunisia is 163k km2 . 
  also , tunisia is largely habitable , while a good portion of jordan is desert . 
   they are the same population wise in part because of the refugees lol , jordan had only 6 million people back in 2013 . 
   the problem is not them grasping power but them derailing the only secular democracy in north africa how would they derail tunisia ? 
  jordan has millions of refugees for years now without political turmoil . 
   at the end of the war yeah , that is just the mass swarming in once they realized who will win . 
  i said by 1944 , and by 1944 , they were barely a several thousand . 
   next time ask yourself twice before trying to give someone a lesson about their national history in the not so distant past . 
  asshole . 
  lol, 
   add one 0 and it might make sense , since you need to cover their costs too . 
  lol dude , germany plans to spend 90 billion on the refugees by 2022 , you can feed and house 10-15 of them in tunisia for the same cost you spend on each in cologne or munich . 
  tunisia could very well supply hundreds of thousands of people with that amount of money . 
  just look at lebanon and jordan , literally millions of refugees there in much smaller countries . 
   but this would probably collapse tunisia in social unrest . 
  not really . 
  the migrants would not be able to grasp any political power in tunisia and frankly , a lot of them would just return to their home countries very soon once they realized their hopes for the eu welfarewagon are done for . 
   i 'd rather stablise part of libya for the camps . 
  not going to happen . 
  because it is logical . 
  they are a relatively big country with a small population density and a smaller economy than croatia . 
  by simply giving them 10-20 billion euro 's , we ( eu ) could just straight up bribe them to accept all the migrants we dump on them , thus , making it legal for europe to just dump anyone it wants to tunisia . 
   muslims were in granada for an arguably longer period of time than christians . 
  lol what ? 
  islam in granada started with the mass conversion of locals during the 8th century , that is over 700 years after christianity started to spread across the roman empire ( which included granada ) . 
  why not just transport them to tunisia ? 
  in reality , over a dozen ports along its coast are closer than italy . 
  it was a fight between multiple factions that were all inline to bring macedonia to their side along with two macedonian forces fighting each other , one pro-bulgarian and the other just plain communist . 
  hell , there were just slightly less serb chetniks in macedonia than macedonian partisans in total until 1944 . 
  that was not the purpose of that conflict . 
  [ smells like teen chechnya . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pw3tgxuxyj0&amp;t=0m22s ), 
   we ai n't bots but humans [ liar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izjbikdgh-g ), 
   now imagine what those purple guys would do to the ionian or aegean sea . 
  why would they hit mirista ? 
  what was there as a target ? 
  partly croatian , i thought she was actually croat and declared herself as such ? 
  as you say it , it sounds as if she only has croatian ancestry . 
  shame they did not pick our rifle , alas , the maker of the rifle ( hs product ) did not qualify because they did not have enough production capabilities to produce enough pieces in one year that france demanded . 
   these are the actual and current air temperatures your link is tied to the current time . 
  meaning that it changes and that it is way pass noon atm . 
  [ i thought of a different goedendag when i saw your comment . 
  why would they add sharks in the water ... 
  it could be a troll account . 
  i mean , polishbrit ? 
  yeah , because a flimsy document obviously overrules dozens of generations of bloodline and ethnicity . 
  i better go tell my serb buddy he is actually croatian . 
  i mean , his bloodline has been living here for over 250 years , what gives amirite ? 
  during the roman empire , inferior and superior meant lower and upper when geographic areas were in question , so macedonia superior would indeed just be upper macedonia . 
  [ just , nobody tell the belgians about this . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germania_inferior ), 
  edirne is in europe . 
  write that sentence on a piece of paper a 100 times . 
  looks like they opened a set of stargates between the countries lol, 
  only after they renounced their allegiance to the republic , to democracy !, 
   thus it 's easier to find half men [ it is because lurtz joined as a member of marcron 's team . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_mujkvlx3y ) he is very driven to find half men . 
  brought peace ? 
  he played too much age of mythology . 
  western bosnia did not fell to the ottomans until 1592 , the balkan borders there are 18th century borders . 
  macedonians and bulgarians contrasting ethnicities ? 
  lol, 
  in short , i do . 
  i love macedonians but , imo , they should join bulgaria and become an autonomous region within it . 
  the clash between them and the albanian minority would be splashed down as the entire set of contested ethnic enclaves would become just bulgarian border areas instead of an entire section of a country . 
  i am sorry , but having just 60 % of the main ethnic group in your country in the balkans is bad news and the albanian minority is increasing by the year , they are over a quarter of the population now . 
  just join bulgaria . 
  that sounds ridiculous . 
  source ? 
  please , could you elaborate , how is it biased ? 
  ah yes , nothing karma-farms better than text block history posts about se political coups . 
  what is the problem about the title ? 
  it is merely an explanation as to why the coup is historically important for europe . 
   siding with iran would be in opposition to the us yeah , but iran is already trying to buddy hug europe for nearly two decades . 
  they even sell their oil in euro 's for a large part . 
  the tax laws betray you , because they belong to me !, 
   overall most trained generals not really though , mostly it was superior armament and supplies . 
  apart from operation koridor , everywhere else the serb command was sup par . 
  [ i have a counter proposition . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cf7ujdhvzie ), 
  nevah . 
  bosnians are land people . 
  they need no coast . 
  the khazars were wiped out of existence by the rus , there is no trace of them after the 10th century . 
  no , those would be the cumans , who lived in roughly the same area just centuries earlier . 
  cossacks were , by the vast majority , renegade slavs who adopted steppe culture and thus , basically formed a separate identity . 
  what , anyone really thought he was going down in any case ?
