   you mean historiography ca n't be used as propaganda ? 
  no , i mean it is up to you to provide evidence of it being so . 
   im actively antifa ( far left ) and do love germany [ dafuq ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dwsiwpz.gif ) but seriously , antifa in germany/sweden/west are usually ( not always ) equal or even worse scum of humanity than/as the far righters . 
  the only antifa that i ever met ( and i met a lot of them ) for whom i could claim are decent human beings are those in the balkans and hungary . 
  edit ; just read your posts down there , it would seem the stereotype keeps being true, 
  alrighty then buddy . 
  point out to me exactly which parts within their videos is not historiography but propaganda . 
  prove your allegations . 
  dude , epic history is run by a couple scots . 
  allegedly it is data gathered from the the german federal criminal office , but i have never seen anyone actually confirm that , and since i do not speak german , i never did try to find out myself . 
  there was this huge pictorial depiction of crime by ethnicity in germany floating around the web for months , but i am not sure how legit it is . 
  here , i found it ; http://i.imgur.com/is43il0.jpg, 
  well it is a nice gesture . 
  they have sung serbian songs in the past , and they sung them better than the native versions imo . 
  i always found the lack of choir sung folk songs in croatia and serbia to be a missed opportunity . 
  beautiful , especially the last part . 
  that is merely an assumption . 
  i will look into this and try to find the ballot info . 
  wait , so the leading imam calls for government watch over islamic radicalization , and the prime minister refuses ? 
  this is borderline comedy . 
   in yugoslavia bunyevci was not an option to pick on censuses . 
  really ? 
  do you have a source on that ? 
  well , they became croats again , so not magically , but logically , since they were croats originally . 
  because the state reported them as such ? 
  in a similar manner as it was done often in yugoslavia and what serbia is trying to do today ? 
  bunjevci are croat migrants from dalmatia , lika and hercegovina , one does not become a separate ethnic group just by moving to another place . 
  i find it more interesting how croats basically disappear from most of the area after ww2 . 
  they were never a separate ethnic group . 
  that sounds very grim . 
  oh , i will delete mine then as well . 
  [ kolovrat spin intensifies ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8zxgjhgiajw ), 
  the australian model is necessary and should be copied . 
  this is of paramount importance and it needs to be done before global warming causes an even more epic wave of refugees . 
   tunisia says at least 800 tunisian jihadis are under surveillance since returning home after fighting in syria , iraq and libya . 
  dammit , what is with countries and not having a law against civilians participating in foreign wars ? 
  these dudes should serve at least some time in prison . 
  luxembourg , the chimney of europe . 
  [ here is a gif that visualizes the population change over the last century and a half ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yntjiur.gif ), 
  that 's not really that much for such a large country . 
  that is 26280 people per year , very similar to croatia with a much smaller population . 
  i actually support this mindset wholeheartedly . 
  i personally decided to not visit ( unless i have to because of a job ) any part of the globe until i have been in every single eu country . 
  europe deserves my attention and my money more than other parts of the world . 
  even though i have been heavily criticized for this mindset by some , i still hold to it . 
  they took the phrase ; `` fight fire with fire '' quite literally . 
  heh , we shall see . 
  yes , but they can level with them equally , while the armata will be above all of them , tipping the field in russia 's favor . 
  the issue is that other countries do not even have a fifth generation tank planned . 
  well , they do have 3500 t-80s and 700ish t-90s , which is a lower number than the total number of m1 's , but then again , russian tank doctrine is quite different as well . 
  the issue with armata is that if the russians pull off mass production , every single unit will participate in tipping the balance , as it will be a completely new generation of tank , which the us does not even have planned . 
  they really are n't . 
   quite a few dutch people have summer homes in northern sweden . 
  as a mediterranean person , this blows my mind . 
  actually , it is debatable to what extent nuclear fallout would destroy mankind . 
  there are many that argue that it was quite overblown during the cold war and that nuclear war could not wipe out over 50-70 % of the human population . 
  that is the only kind of source there is , since the project is still mostly secretive . 
  also , your argument could go both ways , they could be downplaying the numbers just as well for the same purpose . 
  the worst part is , there is not that much of a need for it . 
  in reality , this attack was merely the one that slipped through the cracks , the german bnd and others foiled dozens of attacks in the past months and probably foiled dozens more that we will never even know about . 
  this is merely an attempt to sideline the fact that there were are far more terrorists in germany than the low number those that are successful . 
  they are n't though ; http://www.businessinsider.com.au/russia-claims-t14-armata-tank-is-in-production-2016-3 http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/surprise-russias-lethal-t-14-armata-tank-production-15480, 
  it makes a difference between having 50-60 % of your population wiped out and 99 % . 
  you do realize that russians also have their 4th/3rd generation tanks ? 
  they already built over 150 of them that is estimated , the number could be even higher . 
  the tank is already in production , they are just tuning it up before mass production . 
  it is already in production , even if there are delays , it matters little , since the us and the rest do not even have a fifth generation tank scheduled . 
  we must seize the means of purrduction !, 
  uh , [ ... yeah . 
   half of croatia should be serbian ( before 1995 ) uh , 10-15 % i wager , not half . 
  no , just the west . 
  you could drive a truck through the entire zagreb center from one end to the other and then turn around and repeat both diagonals without a single stopping point , but nobody cares , since the city does not have the same ... problem , as the west does . 
   when us still maintain enough technically , as of november 2016 , russia has a larger active arsenal than the rest of the west/nato combined ; https://www.armscontrol.org/files/images/warheadinventories_161103.png, 
  [ meanwhile , t-14 , the first fifth generation tank on the planet , enters mass production in 2017 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=khysxrjiwo8 ), 
  [ 1363 best yar of maj lajf ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_blue_waters ), 
  france does not even have an active and armed icbm arsenal while the uk only has 20-40 . 
  this is a mere two month old report and russia has quite a number above the us ; https://www.armscontrol.org/files/images/warheadinventories_161103.png, 
  yeah , i do n't think the militia will release the son of gaddafi for the lives of a couple dozen random people . 
  yes , i understand the reasoning behind it . 
  i am just highlighting the unrealism of it . 
  thumb santa ? 
  the very idea of nato invading russia is idiotic . 
  the moment the first foot would step on russia soil , the largest nuclear icbm arsenal on earth would be unleashed and no rocket shield in the world would be able to even drop 1 % of it . 
  the massive military budget of the west would be completely nullified . 
  there is 0 % chance of nato actually envisioning an attack on russia . 
   yes , i dont think this type of events are possible to avoid entirely without massive state hammer . 
  risk can be lowered , but it all depends how much of your privacy you are willing to sacrifice . 
  uh , nobody is talking about avoiding them entirely . 
  but i believe there is indeed an underlying population reason as to where they happen . 
  i sincerely doubt any of the ethnically homogenous cities have to fear about terrorism as much as multicultural ones . 
  can you imagine being one of the people on the sidewalk at the end ? 
  minding your own business and then slam , a car bursts through the airport window with cops running after it . 
  that is one big cone . 
  rhetoric with hammer . 
   guess why . 
  [ they were really good at rhetoric ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_society_for_the_study_of_rhetoric ), 
   buy why expect the turkish government to give a shit i guess . 
  tourism ? 
  you would not believe how many people pay money to walk on dubrovnik 's walls , which are much smaller , as well as the walls of ston .
