   it spectacularly failed no , that would require them to lose the battle spectacularly , yet the battle was very hard fought and pretty close . 
   and proved that turks were in europe to stay , at least for some centuries . 
  indeed . 
   if that 's not decisive i 'm not sure what is . 
  i was not arguing that it was n't decisive . 
   what revisionism ? 
  the usual turkish revisionism . 
   papal forces were several thousand stronger than ottoman forced , and suffered around 25k losses compared to ottoman 10-15k . 
  the forces were roughly equal according to modern historiography ( some even argue the crusader force was smaller ) , the primary sources from both sides exaggerate the other obviously . 
   and suffered around 25k losses compared to ottoman 10-15k . 
  modern estimates , we have no idea how many died . 
  also , even if the case , is only natural , as most casualties during that period were during the rout , so losing armies naturally had much heavier casualties . 
   none of those losses managed to damage ottomans in the long run , and mostly served to be setbacks . 
  i was not arguing that , the ottomans were clearly victorious . 
  i was merely irked by your dismissive statement of ottomans having a twice smaller army and the christians `` got their shit kicked in '' because historiography agrees that both armies were of similar size and that the ottomans nearly lost that battle . 
  it was pretty close , just as at nicopolis where the battle was nearly lost for the ottomans until the serb heavy cavalry joined the battle and charged the catholic flank . 
  yeah , i make 4000 hrk a month , and that is considered a solid salary in the balkans . 
   but despite outnumbering ottoman forces , got their shit kicked in with loses double of ottoman loses . 
  nice historical revisionism bruh . 
   because for what it seemed , ottomans were effectively invincible . 
  despite decisively losing several battles during that specific period ? 
   ottomans were already in balkans prior to constantinople 's conquest . 
  yeah , a lot of people do n't realize that the first siege of belgrade was over a decade prior to the fall of constantinople . 
  well , to be fair , a lot of their territory was very sparsely populated ( especially arabia and non-coastal africa ) . 
  it is not until the persian influenced abbasid period that those territories recover from the plagues and wars of the 6th and 7th centuries and enter into the muslim golden age . 
  sadly for the abbasids , their rule does not remain absolute for long either and even though they continue until the 13th century , their caliphate basically crumbles in the 10th century , succumbing into regional anarchy , culminating in the insane sack of the sacred city of mecca in 930 by the qarmatian fanatics combined with the ransack of the entirety of north africa by the banu hilal fanatics . 
  interesting how the roman empire still outlasted all the caliphates , regardless of how much more powerful each became at one point in time in comparison . 
  a lot of historians argue that the epic debacle of that failure of a siege basically ensured the ending of the umayyad caliphate . 
  the entirety of the largest navy on earth was wiped out completely and most of their land forces were lost along with the gargantuan cost tied to launching the siege in the first place . 
  to visualize how much of a tide turner that siege was , just two years after the siege , roman armies were marching into armenia and their navies are reported as raiding cities in the levant and even egypt . 
  lol no . 
  everything east of germany and south of sweden is basically 99.99 % native until you reach moscow . 
   something that does n't really affect them in a negative way this is a single step , then you get another step , then another , and then you get bill c-16 as what happened in canada a month ago and wonder wtf just happened as you are serving 2 months in jail with a hefty fine for not calling someone `` zxer '' as ihrx desires to be called . 
  nobody apart from westerners do this sort of thing , because nobody apart from westerners is self flagellating for the color of their skin . 
  nobody questioned his intellect , only the existence of his spine . 
   the average disposable income among middle income americans in 2010 was $ 60,884 so , your telling me that an average american is making nearly ** 10 times ** what i make ? 
  i mean , i can take 5 , or 6 ... [ but 10 times ? 
  do you even ww1 ? 
  hon hon hon, 
   twice . 
  nah , first one was inevitable and all sides were pumped on it . 
  you would think that a wikipedia page of the passport would be able to provide a higher resolution image of the passport . 
   nato - an alliance of mostly western states - is untouchable . 
  western culture and style shapes the world . 
  western-created institutions underwrite global diplomacy & trade and are headquartered in the west . 
  western-made hardware boots up western-made software so that people can log into western technology companies all across the globe . 
  and in space , western satellites beam western media to every corner of the globe . 
  does not change the fact that europe is comparatively far less mighty and relevant than before , globally speaking . 
   we live longer , work less , are more free , more productive , and are happier than just about anywhere else . 
  not the point though . 
   but the west has never had it so good in absolute terms that is a faulty argument since the technological development of the past 40 years has been global , meaning nowhere have people had it so good until now in absolute terms . 
   we 're facing tons of challenges , many due to our inertia and loss of spirit ideological globalism is the main fault . 
  europeans were brainwashed for decades now into this global humanity kumbaya altruism while everyone else remained tribal and some did not even pass beyond ethnic or state nationalism . 
  in the main sense , everyone is rooting for their own team while europe is rooting for everyone . 
   or nationalism . 
  yeah , like nation states and the modern world as we know it . 
   if anything western civilisation is more alive and more vibrant than ever not that i am arguing for the other guy but ; lol no . 
  europe in 1900 was a behemoth that made the entire world her plaything . 
  most of the development of the human species as a whole was lighting in europe at the time and our world population slice was several times what we are now . 
  europe now is far , far weaker in comparison and we share the world with new giants , new giants that are becoming ever more populous and powerful while we stagnate and wither . 
   120usd per month in norway , 120 dollars is pocket change . 
   all old people receive a good pension , paid by the government no lol , payed by themselves , through paying taxes when working for decades until retirement . 
   just as a portion of croats support gotovina dude , you guys need to stop using that name for arguments and choose some other general , because out of all of the top brass , he is likely the most innocent of them all . 
  to my knowledge , norway does not provide free housing , leisure activities and food for children , old , sick or disabled persons . 
   over here we all get that without having to go to prison no , you do n't . 
  you have to pay for it . 
   hoping to spend summer holiday in your country some day . 
   i also wish to visit your country as well , 
  over here we see free good housing , food , education and half a day of leisure activities as quite a solid luxury . 
   i think we can say al-andalus was more tolerant than christian spain yes , absolutely . 
  but that does not denote in any way the argument that life for a christian in andalus was still bad regardless . 
  magnificent . 
  well , the top tier and decorated pieces in the video yes , but `` regular '' plate armor was much cheaper . 
  even a full suit of soldier grade milanese armor in the mid 15th century was around 8 pounds , or 120 shillings , allowing an ordinary man at arms to afford it in 100 to 200 days work . 
  lower tier sets were even cheaper . 
  to note , this is talking about new products , hand downs and used equipment being sold over and over again would be even more cheaper . 
  well , luckily for them , the period of plate armor was during the little ice age ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/little_ice_age, 
  i am talking about custom tailored suits , meaning the ones you contact the smith and he crafts one by tailoring it to your body , not the already finished sets that you just buy off some website . 
   an average working class guy making 25k a year i forget how much people in first world make , i guess you are right . 
  i personally make 6400ish euro 's per year , which is around average in croatia and quite above average for the rest of eastern europe , so you can see why i saw the comment in a different way than you do , 
   there is linguistic evidence suggesting a connection between the finns , hungarians and possibly east asians . 
  no , there is n't . 
  there is linguistic connection only with siberian and northern asian tribes , but that is because of the eastern migrations of the finno-ugric tribes not the reverse . 
   your average working class guy could probably afford tens of armor sets erm , even the cheaper suits now are about 3-4 000 euro 's , the more expensive ones are 20-30 000 euro 's , 
  a most hilarious meme . 
  especially considering the mongols never even came close to finland , ever . 
  our troops are running from the battlefield !, 
  croatian separate language confirmed . 
   proclame the new roman empire for a fair and secure society yes . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzkhvonwk2a&amp;t=2m0s ), 
  the argument of the caliphate overextending itself is reasonable , but that still does not mitigate the fact that the main purpose of the army was to conquer , as they did conquer cities and lands in modern day france , that is not even debatable . 
  thus , not a raid . 
   it seems statistically weird for there to be a battle with 100,000 men on one side , but for a battle with 20,000 or more on one side to be rare enough to be ` one of the biggest ' . 
  research the difference in numbers between primary sources and modern estimates by historiography . 
  you will note that primary sources also state 80ish 000 men on both sides at tours , but we take that as exaggeration , as we do the umayyad army at zab . 
   let 's say there have been a billion battles with 1 man or more on either side in the described period . 
  if we then draw a logarithmic line between that data-point and 1 battle with 100,000 men , we get about 20 battles with 20,000 men or more . 
   is peru ` one of the largest countries in the world ' ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  primary sources state 160 000 men at tours and modern estimates put it at 40-50 000 , that is one of the largest battles of the umayyad caliphate , i never argued that it was the largest and the fact that there is a single one obviously larger and two others that may have been in similar numbers or slightly larger does not rebut that at all .
