  that is quite impressive animation wise . 
  also , really neat considering how overlooked that part of east european history is . 
  the collapse of the russian empire and the revolution/civil war was bonkers . 
  also , there is an english version on the same channel ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klwe8lhgx7e, 
  yeah , it was pretty weird , because the north eastern areas were actually a part of the short lived [ democratic republic of georgia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c7/democratic_republic_of_georgia_1920.svg ) and the said country was actually even recognized by turkey with those borders . 
  it was only after the soviet occupation that lenin gave those areas to turkey as he split various caucasus countries borders as the soviets desired . 
  stalin , to my knowledge , believed that it was a mistake and that turkey should give back the territory . 
   what do you mean by this ? 
  the army was formed up mainly by a single serb noble family mrnjav\u010devi\u0107 , it was not even the entire serb force but a single feudal army . 
  it is unlikely that there were over 3-4000 serbs in that battle . 
   from what i 've seen , the pages cite a bunch of sources . 
  not for the troop numbers . 
  there is only a single primary source and all others are quoting it . 
   those battles were a very rare exception rather than the rule . 
  i would agree that they were n't the majority , but also that they were not so rare . 
   even the victories of pyrrhus did n't lose him more than a 10th , maybe a bit more well , armies being annihilated was also quite rare , a few thousand dead is still quite a lot for the period . 
   we 're also talking about 16th century firearms , that was n't much more effective than a bow in the arm of a master archer that trained his whole life , just easier to use and had a greater morale impact for the most part . 
  musketballs were far more deadly than arrows and the impact energy delivered by a 16th century musket was several times that of the warbow . 
  they were quite devastating regardless of their lack of accuracy . 
   like guns in 1526 were a far cry from being a perfected tool of killing . 
  true , but their impact in battlefield casualty rate was indeed clear even since the italian wars started . 
   go look at pavia well , look at marignano or ravenna ( the 1512 one ) , again , not exactly as few and far in between as some assume . 
   because the vast majority of casualties in ancient war were inflicted once an army was routed . 
  that is somewhat true , but is too often used as a blanket statement . 
   because really , people do n't want to die , and when panic set in on one side of the battlefield , nobody wanted to be the last guy to retreat , because as the saying goes , do n't have to outrun a bear , just outrun the guy i 'm with . 
  yeah , i understand that most casualties were during the rout , but in a lot of cases a lot of casualties were before the rout happened long before the age of firearms . 
  hell , the very term phyrric victory comes from antiquity . 
   it 's really a modern-ish phenomenon that both sides take heavy casualties we are talking about a battle that had 100 + cannons and hundreds of firearms , plenty of casualties mounted up before the final clash even happened , be sure of it . 
  there are loads of ancient and medieval battles that were similar , for instance , at the battle of kosovo the ottoman army was nearly annihilated even though it was victorious , at the battle of issus alexander suffered over a quarter of his army dying even though he was winning the entire battle . 
  the rout is not necessary for casualties to mount up . 
  or those 136 norman knights vs 50 000 muslims at the [ battle of cerami ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_cerami ) . 
  many others as well . 
  wikipedia is often bad with battle numbers . 
  for instance , the 60 000 serbs at marica battle is utterly ridiculous , yet basically all wikipedia articles repeat it because of a single biased primary source . 
  hell , the army frederick barbarossa is often stated as 100 000 + and is stated as ** 900 000 ** by a primary source of neophytus , yet the army itself probably was not larger than 20 000 men in total . 
  hell , frederick only had 3-5000 men when he invaded italy just years before . 
  do n't even get me started on the crusader battles and the early muslim campaigns , 200 000 turks in the caucasus campaigns , 250 000 romans at yarmouk lol , more than the entire number of enlisted men in the eastern empire , in total , during the height of the roman empire , it is satire . 
  also , the casualties of the victors are nearly always too minimal in wikipedia article . 
  for instance , at the battle of mohacs , the hungarian army bashed out the flank of the ottomans and smashed into the entire front line before the ottoman center destroyed the hungarian army and routed it , meaning the ottomans probably had much more casualties than just those `` 1500 '' . 
  because lesbian is a blanket category , ebony is specifically black chicks , meaning afgan women are specifically searching it . 
  which is weird because ebony means black chicks in porn . 
  to be fair , after reading about the extreme nature of the norwegian child protective services , [ this is how i imagine they see themselves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=84g6rrbnjey ) . 
   why withhold tunisia when they have their own security risk internally because tunisia could heavily benefit from such a massive cash influx . 
  their tourism as well as economy as a whole took a good hit over the past years , they need the money ( and the eu has it ) . 
   do you think there is no welfare in italy ? 
  not the same as in germany and sweden . 
   do you think german welfare has a particular high purchase power ? 
  no , but better than in italy . 
   do you think integration or getting a job is easier if you live a shacktown full of recent arrivals ? 
  irrelevant , they are either refugees or migrants . 
   the horror . 
  sure . 
   really , that 's just the flip side of germany 's name brand recognition . 
  sure thing buddy . 
   i do n't see what the big exploit is . 
  germany alone spending 90 billion on them in a span of 3-4 years ? 
   if they took a plane to germany and then filed an application it would be perfectly legal . 
  yes . 
   i 'm open to have a rational discussion about what the optimal and maximum possible absorption rate of new immigrants is . 
  no need , we already have legal migration among countries for that . 
  the illegal segment of it is the issue , and it needs to be halted . 
   but so far it 's only hysterical screeching about eurabia and welfare leeches that i 've heard as arguments . 
  it is not as if both this subreddit and the entire information space of the internet has n't been loud and clear about issues with the migration crisis or anything ... 
  germany is expected to spend 90 billion on the 2015 refugee crisis alone by 2020 , this is not counting the migrants that are still arriving . 
  that they do not abuse the legal definition of refugees and turn into welfare shoppers ? 
  you do realize that out of hundreds of thousands of them that passed through croatia , only about 80ish remained , and then most of those also promptly left ? 
  this is just alright for you to allow hundreds of thousands to move in to germany and leech out tens of billions of dollars out of the pillar of the eu economy ? 
   the eu it 's not letting migrants my country i mea n't not that the eu is letting them in , but that the eu together could stop it . 
  it does not make the refugee status automatically invalid , i was merely replying to your description of them as being `` legit war refugees '' , as in that description being quite flawed after they moved across a number of safe countries . 
   and thank god they are doing that , because italy ca n't be expected to take in the whole mediterranean migration . 
  that is not the point ...  if no one tried to get out of our country things would be worse if the eu prevented most of them from entering your country in the first place things would be a lot better though . 
   yeah , breaking news , even refugees want to live in wealthy countries if you are choosing economic prosperity when safety is already achieved , you are no longer a refugee in my eyes . 
   i would do the same thing if i was in their situation . 
  my family did n't , and i would n't . 
  tunisia would accept anything with enough cash thrown at them . 
  they have a smaller economy than croatia ffs , about 15-20 billion euros given to them would solve this issue entirely . 
  yeah , that is why they flee the horrid wastelands of italy and croatia in order to reach germany , the only safe country on the european continent apparently . 
   the problem is in the international maritime law . 
  you need to save refugees in the open sea . 
  when smugglers notice european navy vessels they sink their own boats so europeans have to save them . 
  you do not understand , they do that when they see ships and ngo ships along the libyan coast . 
  the ships the italian navy would intercept would be those ships the refugees have already climbed on . 
  the italian navy could just redirect them to tunisia , as is legal , since there are about 15 eligible ports on the eastern tunisian coast that are all much closer to libya than italy is . 
  that looks dope as hell . 
  well , just one along the international waters border . 
  technically speaking , it would not be illegal ( to my knowledge ) for the italian navy to redirect the incoming ( ngo ) ships westward towards tunisian ports and prevent them from going to sicily . 
  italy can police its waters as it chooses . 
  similarly , a naval blockade is legal for a country to do , and a greek one would result in a total halt of the island hopping there because of the proximity of greek sea border with turkish mainland , they could basically halt all incoming vessels and prevent them from going further under threat of opening fire . 
  this would , of course be seen as brutal , but in the long run it would result in a near immediate halting of both sea routes and the mass drownings of thousands would stop , as well as mass illegal migration that threatens to destroy the eu as we know it . 
  use your goddamn navies to halt the sea routes and the drowning will stop you inept sloths . 
  enforce the rule of law and you will not have to sacrifice inter-eu relations just so you can virtue-signal at your 200 000 $ dinner parties . 
  finally a chance for fins to get a tan . 
   saying `` nah too far-fetched let 's not bother '' that is not what i am saying , what i am saying is merely `` just wait a bit '' . 
  [ a franco-german revival you say ? 
  you should all pack up your stuff and do a mass exodus down here to croatia . 
  we could use a million more people and you could benefit from all the round the year sunny days . 
  just mass breeding camps across norway , all funded by germany ? 
  instead of ww2 , we get 60 million more norwegians by 2003 . 
  well , i would wager that a large minority or even a slight majority of got viewers are watching it with subtitles ( english not the mother tongue ) . 
  the us is becoming less and less of an important market as time goes by , subtitles are the way to go imo .
