  that is not the point , the right of the private organization to disinvite him does not nullify the issue of disinviting him nor the reason behind disinviting him . 
  nobody is arguing that the organizations do not have the right to disinvite him . 
   that does n't matter it really does though . 
   look , christians have the same rights as everyone else . 
  if they want to start an outcry , they are free to do so , and private organizations are free to listen or ignore it . 
  holy hell you are beyond me . 
  so it is perfectly alright for religious groups to decry private persons and for private organizations to act upon those desires if they chose so and we should all just shut up and be ok with that ? 
  move on , nothing to see here ...  do us a favor and stop your crusade against our freedom under the guise of fighting political correctness . 
  because that is what you are actually doing . 
  wtf are you talking about lol ? 
   rules are the same for everyone . 
  just because they sometimes favor someone you do n't agree with is no reason to abandon them . 
  i am not arguing about the legality of it , i am arguing about the background of political correctness behind the actions of those who disinvited a dude who obviously did not participate in hate speech . 
  ridiculous . 
   does n't a private organization have the freedom to decide who they let speak ? 
  yes it does , but it does not change the fact that they actually invited him and then disinvited him after being called by the internet feels police . 
  this is completely different from simply not inviting him at all . 
  it shows that correctness controlled their actions , even without proper cause . 
   how many christian-conservative radio stations invited dawkins and let him speak , and if they do n't invite him , are they politically incorrect ? 
  erm , firstly , the look up who disinvited him over the years , you are comparing secular apples with religious oranges . 
  secondly , a number of christian organizations to my knowledge , he even debated a number of them on invitation . 
  thirdly , was he ever disinvited because of christian outcry ? 
   and if they do n't invite him , are they politically incorrect ? 
  again , the places he gets disinvited from are not religious organizations or institutions , he got disinvited from kpfa berkeley ffs , not muslims r ' us . 
  i was not rebutting that point , i was merely adding nuance to the fact that political correctness towards islam in the west is a real issue despite the obviously ridiculous tunneling of trump holding a glowing orb with the saudi ruler like some bond villain while his followers are advocating a complete nuclear destruction of that entire peninsula . 
  you do realize that ethnic or cultural homogeneity does not require a 100 % purity margin right ? 
  you just need an overwhelming majority that dominates the identity of the minorities . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  if a guy like richard dawkins is getting his appearances revoked because of merely criticizing islam , then you do have an issue with political correctness . 
  [ they are here . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04ptqbthn_c&amp;t=0m54s ) seriously though , wtf is going on ? 
  have we butchered the climate so bad that storms are a weekly thing now ? 
  last summers were nothing near this . 
   i kept looking at the house without roof ... 
  it 's to store all the hail . 
  probably that at first but we will probably nullify or at least lower the effects of aging on the body within the next few decades . 
  you will perhaps still look older and older on the outside ( unless skin aging is also fixed ) but your body will remain strong and healthy for longer . 
  then it 's inevitable hot war with soviet union instead of the cold war . 
   to be fair , it is still kind of crazy eeeh , sounds like the ultimate goal of globalism to me . 
  [ obligatory hamas girl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fsvyv0urte ), 
   large scale migration is historic yes . 
  do you know what is also historic ? 
  replacement migration . 
   large scale migration is necessary nope . 
   and large scale migration is inevitable lol no . 
  if eu suddenly turns fasch , nobody is crossing any borders . 
   we 've crushed fascism before all the mountains of corpses though ... 
  well , life extension could be the solver even with the minimalistic predictions . 
  a 20-30 year expanded youth would basically solve the pension issue as it would double the amount of young generations entering the workforce before the main one hits the retirement . 
  i seriously doubt that website . 
  most dudes i know that work in it in croatia make about 6-7000 hrk , i really doubt it is any better in romania . 
  [ whelp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=exnay0l4xsm ), 
  also , no bidet . 
  no bidet , no deal . 
  the rurik dynasty themselves ordered a chronicle that wrote that they were invited there . 
  also , the first list of the rus army assembly we have mentions 12 slavic tribes as warriors alongside the varangians , this was not an army of foreigners in those lands . 
   like they are fleeing for something . 
  getting payed 3-4 euro 's per hour regardless of which degree , experience or knowledge they have . 
   novgorod does n't matter anyway . 
  it does though . 
  it was one of the major rus states and made up a large portion of what later became russia . 
   the modern state of russia is a result of the unification of the principalities by the grand duchy of moscow , which was a vassal of the golden horde that is not the point . 
  by that notion , russia did not exist during the mongol conquest so the argument is moot from the start . 
   your way of thinking is like saying that rome did n't conquer gaul because it did n't conquer all the celt lands . 
  see how absurd that is ? 
  ridiculous reasoning , as gaul was a regional term , not a political entity , with numerous tribes within it and did not constitute anything outside the borders of what was then considered gaul , first as a regional term and then as a roman province . 
  tributary does not mean conquered territory or vassal state . 
  novgorod was not even under direct yoke . 
  your arguing would be like saying that the roman empire was part of the hun empire during attila because rome payed tribute to them to leave them alone . 
  damn , i have been discovered . 
  you ca n't make me follow your rules . 
  i am a grown assman . 
  then it 's not a usable joke if its wrong : l, 
  sooometimes , all i need is jihad that i breathe allah to love you, 
   some say he did it only for glory at home , while others see it as an example of power projection to scare his opponents . 
  it was probably a show of power to the germanic tribes who were always looking at gaul . 
  he knew he would likely spend the next years either conquering britannia or settling scores down south , so he had to secure gaul . 
  he released 20 000 gaul prisoners and sent them to their families for the same reason . 
  [ even if you are the mongols . 
  yelets was a part of the golden horde at the time and had basically nothing to do with the rus though . 
  not really , that is more of a myth . 
  they conquered the area between kiev and moscow with the surrounding regions , which was a bunch of rivaling principalities at the time , but they did not conquer the largest rus state , novgorod , which was nearly a third the size of the entire rus lands at the time . 
  so no , not even the mongols fully conquered russia . 
  the battle of zela was a major victory and also the first instance of complete foreigners being used as legionaries in rome 's army . 
  i believe you and others , judging by the downvotes , misread my comment as me stating that donald is a capable populist/politician . 
  i was speaking in general terms . 
  the us has a much older democracy than most european countries though . 
  i believe you and others , judging by the downvotes , misread my comment as me stating that donald is a capable populist/politician lol . 
  i was speaking in general terms . 
  that is because germany has shitty populists . 
  well , most countries have shitty populists because most populists are shitty . 
  but i assure you , if at any moment someone actually capable and with a positive message turns up , and is a populist , he/she will wreak havoc onto whatever political scene he/she emerges from . 
  give a few examples then of a settled society doing this in the past 2-3000 years . 
  the only one i could think of is the conquistador wipe out of the men in the americas and all of the soldiers taking for themselves entire harems of native women each . 
   when a tribe conquers another and impregntes the women and kills all the men and boys , what the fuck do you think happens to the conquered genes ? 
  when did that ever happen in organized societies ? 
  i am not talking about hunter gatherers here . 
   this does n't follow . 
  they where converts because they where conquered and forced to take up the religion or remain second class citizens of the umayyad caliphate and pay jizya thats history . 
  it does , because that is what nearly always happened .
