  claiming that spending money on refugees is some kind of plus or economical addition is folly . 
   funny coming from a croat . 
  does not mean it is n't true . 
   but i guess in your mind the only good refugees are people from your own country fleeing somewhere else . 
  my people were actually at war and did n't cross numerous safe countries to get to germany . 
  they also mostly went to work and got hard labor jobs immediately . 
   it is . 
  the people that build the shelters are at least european workers . 
  social workers and psychologists have more work or at least there 's a greater demand for their profession which puts people into employment . 
  also more police , more security all the way down to the cashier at aldi or rewe . 
  that is still largely expenditure that would not be needed or be there if the refugees were n't there . 
  it is like the state hired a bunch of people to build a colossal stone block , sure , the workers get payed , but it is still already accumulated capital being wasted . 
   the refugees recieve very little pocket money which they also spend in our economy . 
  they receive just slightly less than my mother makes with her salary ... by doing jack shit . 
   it just is n't 80 million africans though what is hyperbole ? 
   and even then i would dispute your claim . 
  you do not think moving 80 million africans in a single year would destroy the german ethnic and cultural backup ? 
  how it the weather like there , up your own ass ? 
   what does that change ? 
  scale . 
  you can not be this dense . 
  numbers and time frame matters a lot . 
  if 80 million africans moved to germany in a year , it would be the germans assimilating . 
  this . 
  so much this . 
  by settling over the span of several decades and multiple generations , not one million in a single year . 
   because the money spend to house them , feed them , educate and take care of them cycles right back into the economy . 
  not really . 
  it is capital that was already created in germany that is being spent on non-citizens . 
   the majority is spend to hire more german police , social workers , teachers , security , construction workers and whatnot that is still expenditure genius . 
   the entire thing is basically a economic stimulus . 
  it would be if it was spent on german citizens that are employed , but since it is spent on unemployed non-citizens it is nothing but a negative circulation of wealth that was already in germany 's hands . 
  you are being incredibly misleading . 
   truth be told , we do n't know if there was any group that called itself bosnians back in 814 . 
  yes , but i responded to a statement about king tvrtko and his dynasty , meaning high/late medieval bosnia . 
   yet you were obviously denying that he 's ( part ) serb ? 
  no , i was denying that he was a serb ruler of bosnia . 
   you said he had a `` bosnian father and croatian mother '' ? 
  to point out that he was not a serb ruler . 
   how does his bosnian half count but not his serbian ? 
  ...  which means he 's part serbian . 
  i am not denying that he is part serb lol . 
   that 's what i said from the start , part serb . 
  yes , and i agreed with you from the start that he is dynastically tied to the nemanjic through his grandmother ...  you 're saying his father was `` bosnian '' yet he was just as much serbian , if his mother was a serb . 
  then tvrtko was a croat , since 25 % bosnian 25 % serb and 50 % croatian , making him twice as much croat as he was serb or bosnian :p, 
   his father had a serbian mother ... and ? 
   does that not country ? 
  lol does english do ? 
   what do you mean ? 
  his grandmother was the daughter of stefan dragutin . 
  how is anything `` skipped '' here ? 
  because his immediate parents were not serbs . 
  his mother was a croat and his father was bosnian , only one of his grandmothers was a serb . 
   you 're telling me the guy is not part serb no , he absolutely is part serb , just not serb . 
  i am part serb , also like tvrtko 1/4th serb because my grandfather married a serb woman , but i am croat , because 3/4th of my other bloodline is croat . 
   i 'm not denying that , am i ? 
  well i agreed with your statement the first time , so i repeated mine . 
   but he was a serb how ? 
  his father was bosnian and his mother a croat . 
   ancestor of the nemanjic dynasty . 
  you mean descendant . 
   a serbian dynasty , comprised of serbs . 
  to which he had a connection skipped by two generations . 
   you really are in denial lol . 
  no , i believe you are , you are claiming a dude is a serb because his grandmother married a bosnian dude . 
   ... what ? 
  he had serbian ancestry yes , he also had bosnian and croatian direct ancestry through his parents , what of it ? 
   was king of serbia he declared himself so after he became king of bosnia , croatia etc. 
  and after he conquered areas of western serbia . 
  if a king of hungary was the king of croatia , that does not mean that he was croat . 
   and even adopted the name stefan to associate himself with the nemanjic dynasty . 
  yes , associate to a dynasty , not an ethnicity . 
   what defines a serbian ruler ? 
  someone who is a serb , or at least can be declared as such through historiography . 
  they did not call themselves serbs , but bosnians , ever since the first documents they ever wrote ( or rather , since the earliest surviving ones ) . 
  yes exactly , he claimed the title of the king of serbs through his dynastic ancestry , not through the fact that he was a serbian ruler . 
   well it was n't called bosnia in those days except it was . 
   as you can see that map is wrong . 
   and serbs were majority in bosnia up untill wwii . 
  anyone can check that yes , after the great serb migrations of the 16th to 18th century they were . 
   serbs living in the map which shows serbia at the time continued their statehood traditions with kotromani\u0107 dinasty . 
  yet for some reasons those people called themselves bosnians . 
  a dynasty founded by a bosnian noble and his croatian wife suddenly serbian , much wow . 
  2 ) croatia and serbia border utterly idiotic , they used modern croatia border ffs and serbia is in bosnia when it should be from kosovo to modern day sarajevo . 
  3 ) khazar khanate did not go even near to that border , that much to the west . 
  4 ) cyprus should be lined between roman colors and abbasid colors as it was neutral zone with joint rule, 
  oh , i am not against a developed and mighty china , my sentence was merely about its ruling structure . 
  similarly , i have nothing against arab countries becoming more wealthy , but i do have qualms about despotic monarchies . 
  yeah , but china basically tripled/quadrupled its gdp in a matter of a few years , that is scary . 
  basically the entire human species is now looking at a totalitarian state run by authoritarian technocrats and seeing it having the most successful growth of economy in human history . 
  also , i had no idea that both germany and japan had such a drop in gdp . 
   my arguments are based on events that happened before and what would prob happen again , i do n't see what the basis of your argument is . 
  literally that exact same thing , just from a different perspective and with different conclusions . 
  that is not a language though . 
  that is a very good comeback . 
  impressive . 
   at the end of the day sweden is a safer place to live than the us . 
  to be fair , only to people living in diverse areas of the us . 
  white dominant areas have much lower crime rates to my knowledge . 
  bosnian ?
