   refute this claim , do n't mention there are also many non-whites you mistook the intent of that statement , i meant that a lot of the ones you claim do not look white . 
  but yeah , i do see your point , however , stating them as caucasian would be a far better option . 
  arabs are not indo-european , so they are n't caucasian even by the largest stretch . 
  i also love how you managed to find the whitest possible person of every stated denomination to make a point . 
  yes , a lot of people in those countries could be considered caucasian , but calling them white is kinda sidelining the fact that a lot of them are quite dark . 
  bestly . 
   i do n't see any romans in croatia correct . 
  you also do not see much native americans in the usa anymore . 
  you also do not see anyone calling croatia pannonia or illyria or any of the numerous tribes or cultures surviving in any way , shape or form . 
  that is how migration works , from the germanics entering roman empire , to the angles and saxons entering celtic britain to the indo europeans entering europe , middle east and india , etc. 
   yet it 's pretty obvious their legacy still exists and influences the culture . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you think it is some kind of a plus argument that some ruins and a vague notion of past european identity will remain ? 
  so it is all going to be ok because some nigerian 150 years from now will remember that there was once a croatia where he lived ? 
  that is some brick to the wall levels of submissiveness . 
  which hundreds of millions of whites are you talking about ? 
  russians in asia ? 
  no , because if i died and my body had a brain transplant from some other dude , that would no longer be me . 
   hundreds of millions of white people live in asia ... what ? 
  no , it is not . 
  we exterminated 15 % of the wildlife in 20 years with just the 5-7 billion span , 10 billion would be an apocalypse for the biosphere , let alone 80 billion . 
  unfortunately , yes . 
  that is exactly what we should do . 
  i am a different person from what i was 10 years ago , i am still me . 
  hvar does not have sandy beaches , but it is just one island . 
  stop using singular haplogroups for ethnic genetics , it is idiotic . 
  by that standard , the peoples of northern afganistan and uzbekistan are the most slavic peoples on earth . 
   whichever you prefer the correct one , which is the opposite of yours . 
  avars are n't mentioned in pannonia since the early 9th century , they were basically gone by the time hungarians migration was set . 
  croatia has sandy beaches though . 
  this is a surprise to nobody . 
  the rule of law , especially border enforcement , is long past being a joke in the eu . 
  the mediterranean navies should usher in a blockade before thousands turn into hundreds of thousands . 
  it was barely as powerful as any of those mentioned individually , let alone combined . 
   gave us the slivovitz that would be the bulgarians , it spread to serbia , bosnia and croatia later . 
   he was born there . 
  i disagree with this . 
  it should add at least another one or two generations , meaning the parents or grandparents being born there . 
   nor were communist they were communist , just not with the ending result you wish they had . 
  also , if anyone tries it again , it will have the same result . 
   president of san escobar . 
  all please stand for the [ national anthem . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=senof0vblek ), 
   make you a murderer yeah , he should have just gouged his eyes out . 
  you still destroy his life completely but if you get caught you are tried merely for bodily harm instead of murder , so the sentence is much lower . 
  gouging eyes is the way to go . 
   straight into white nationalist bullshit . 
  lol , that is barely identitarianism , nothing he said is even close to white nationalism . 
   so this whole thing reeks of hypocrisy . 
  yes , that is basically what 21st century religion is in its essence . 
  * nigeria [ it has begun . 
  ] ( http://cs.mcgill.ca/~rwest/wikispeedia/wpcd/images/39/3904.png ), 
   and he walked away free , without being punished for the crimes nobody in their right mind is expecting politicians to be punished for their crimes in the modern age . 
  putin being punished was off the table from the start . 
   as for egypt , mubarak walked free irrelevant , the point is that he was overthrown . 
  these things do not happen in a single day . 
   it 's 2017 , not 1987 . 
  technology ( smartphones in particular ) has made it far easier to track and contain dissent . 
  erm , it has also made it far more difficult to contain organization and information flow from the protesters . 
  or do you forget what happened in egypt some years back ? 
  well , this one will be theirs . 
  it appears that there is a protest even there ; https://twitter.com/19slepchatov99/status/845985171912474624, 
   green ones look like groups of people yes , people icon is protesters , badge star is police doing police work . 
  go on russia.liveuamap.com on the upper right corner you will see a champagne glass icon labeled as `` key '' , once you press it , the icon info 's will appear in the sidebar . 
  perhaps , but this looks a lot stronger than past whistles . 
  the map shown here is just the zoomed out version , [ this is central moscow alone ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5zo6v5d.png ) . 
  this could have results , putin could at least be forced to react by compromising in certain aspects , like easing off on the whole authoritarianism a bit . 
  ongoing protests and political demonstrations in russia at this moment . 
  the russian spring could very well happen . 
  literally none of the examples i mentioned were military invasions . 
  even the men who sacked rome were roman auxiliary troops , they were settled peoples and a result of migration of peoples across roman borders . 
  have fun with your mental gymnastics though , it will never fail you when an argument appears . 
   that 's not what those guys 200 years ago said . 
  weird . 
   maybe everytime in history , when someone said this , it turned out to be wrong . 
  nah , they were usually right , from the german tribes entering roman empire , to the europeans entering whatever part of the americas , to the indo-europeans entering europe and the me , to the indo-europeans entering the indian subcontinent , to the slavs entering central and south eastern europe etc. 
  always the migratory bunch end up being dominant and bash the native identity , culture , language , religion and customs . 
   now you are saying it ... and i doubt anything is different just because you are saying it . 
  no , people like you just do not understand that these things take time . 
  wait a couple decades or a 100 years , then you will see . 
  actually , considering the effects of global warming on n. africa and the me , perhaps you will see it a lot sooner than you think . 
  because the irish were adamant to assimilate asap as they got off the boats . 
  a lot of the current migrants do not . 
  no stream ? 
   i 'm damn sure i read exactly the same against irish immigration to the us . 
  the difference being that the anti-irish sentiment had no basis in reality , while the other does . 
   really ? 
  the 1848 revolutions were already about that . 
  the 1848 revolutions were basically all ethnic revolutions/conflicts and were all , to my knowledge , within the right wing spectrum when looked at through our modern viewpoint of it . 
   they would just brand the european nationalists as traitors how though ? 
  if both sides claim that they want what is in the best interest of their political entity and one claims that the eu is in the best interest of the political entity , how could the other delegitimize that standpoint if the data proves otherwise ? 
   the traditional nationalists have the entire establishment behind them only in hungary and perhaps serbia , everywhere else it is a wishwash ready to be set aside . 
   you 'd need to bring something new to the table liberal nationalism by itself is something new on the table . 
   they will continue to be nationalistic as well they would be forced to relinquish a good portion of their agenda though , if they wished to remain in the wave . 
   you should rather appease the nationalists , give them something that will still represent their nation , but make sure that nations stay nations , as in , cultural groups they already have that , it is not enough . 
   it already is and it clearly is n't working . 
  i would go as far as to say that ethnic nationalism actually works better than the civic one well , we disagree on that one . 
   civic nationalism to me looks like it 's just saying big words without proposing anything , with no results other than angering the people who are n't parts of the nation . 
  civic nationalism in that form is quite new though . 
  other than the scots , nobody else even dabbled in it much .
