  just heads of states and [ full contact jousting . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqdrkf5x6p4 ), 
  those atrocities were committed during that war and that would not change regardless of the outcome of the war , so i do not get your point . 
  yeah , but , with germany winning ww1 there are no nazi 's and the red army probably loses the russian civil war . 
  i mean , how could it have possibly not been a better timeline ? 
   they would n't be if the incentive to leave outweighed the opportunity in staying . 
  you are missing the point of that rebuttal entirely . 
   there 's nothing special in their behaviour , they are acting like every other person in their situation would act . 
  nope , because the vast majority of refugees currently are stationed in adjacent countries , as they always were . 
  just as hundreds of thousands of bosnians remained in croatia , so do millions of syrians remain in jordan , lebanon and turkey , because they are proper refugees , unlike those moving to western europe . 
   and the rational thing is not stopping in a poor european country as for a little extra effort they can go to a richer one . 
  ridiculous argument , their status as a refugee is the tying factor to their fate , not their personal desires . 
   and they should , because the balkan has no means with which to accept them . 
  we can collectively accept at least 100 000 of them . 
  croatia can take 5-10 000 . 
  huh , i 've seen far more black women with our men than asian women in croatia . 
  one of my buddies is dating black woman from france , pretty top tier stuff . 
   croatia would assist albanians erm , no , at least not actively . 
  though , our help would not be needed , if something broke out , it would obviously become a proxy war between nato and russia , and nato would arm the living hell out of the albanians . 
  croatia only guarantees the territorial integrity of bosnia through the dayton agreement , we could theoretically only go to war with republika srpska if it secedes , no one else . 
  that should have been real . 
   thank god germany lost ww1 europe could perhaps have become a much better place if it did though . 
   be honest if you were refugee would you just stop at the first safe country ? 
  yes . 
  that is exactly what my family did during the war . 
  we stopped at not only the first country but the first local area that was safe , we were technically still in a war engaged country ( croatia ) when my mother fled with me and my sister from bosnia while my father remained home , fighting . 
   i certainly would aim for western europe if i can . 
  it is not the issue of what you would like , but what should be proper . 
  those refugees were basically illegal migrants by the point they left turkey , let alone the entirety of the balkans . 
   this is simply human nature to settle for the best place you can . 
  true , but there is a thing called the rule of law that should not be so easily trumped by emotions and ideological altruism . 
   i want the biggest , strongest countries to take care of them good for you . 
   not croatia or slovenia . 
  those two countries ca n't live up to this task , not even close . 
  croatia took in hundreds of thousands of people during the last war , we could have took in at least 5-10 000 of them as well , but the point is that basically none of them remained here . 
   so you found one guy , out of a million or two , who complained , and from there , you concluded that `` they are welfare tourists '' . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you are now sidelining the argument all together . 
  no , not because of that guy but because 500k of them traveled hear and barely over a dozen remained here . 
  not to mention the current situation where they are sent here by germany , only to leave croatia the first moment they can after they get here . 
   that 's exactly the rightwinger bullshit i am accusing you of . 
  that is not a right wing thing . 
   you are one of those people who are oh so happy to sign all those nice sounding human rights declarations and whatnot , just to feel all civilized and sophisticated - until something happens in your backyard . 
  a ridiculous statement , a laughable one , especially considering where i am from ( over half a million bosnians were refugees in croatia during the war ) . 
  but out of all the generals of operation storm , gotovina is the only one without a single spec of incriminatory dust on him ... 
  there are tapes of him literally threatening his own officers for the way they are behaving , the dude is squeaky clean . 
  no , because the vast , vast majority of humans are currently living in their own countries . 
  i am working lol . 
  well , slobo died though . 
  well , duh . 
  it 's called tribalism . 
  nothing irrational about this . 
  not that i support it or anything , but how the hell does the eu even have grounds on reacting to a country changing its own educational laws ? 
  [ there 's a , raging fiyyya in the sky tonight-ah !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xji5trvxti&amp;t=0m5s ), 
  well , considering the currents , most of the pee would probably end up [ around izmir . 
  ] ( https://www.researchgate.net/profile/george_bathrellos/publication/225284134/figure/fig19/as:302630493540358@1449164140494/figure-19-the-directions-of-surface-currents-during-the-winter-in-aegean-and-ionian-sea.png ), 
   gotovina wrong choice . 
  out of all the dudes that actually have skeletons , you pick the only dude that is legit innocent . 
  hell , you could have went with tudjman and had a much better point . 
   bosniaks had none . 
  they did receive help from other muslim countries . 
  hell , they even received foreign muslim fighters . 
   you mean like those croatian welfare shoppers that moved to eg switzerland during the war ? 
  r the croatian welfare shoppers that move to richer countries under free movement ? 
  my family did not move and i personally would not have let them enter either if i was in the place of those countries . 
  also , you mean those same that largely went to work immediately as they got there ? 
   nice double standard ... 
  there is none . 
   i have less sympathy for you anyway , so where 's the problem ? 
  that statement does not make sense . 
   you are far right trash i vote sdp ( socialist ) at every turn and i come from a family of communists , nice projected whimper though . 
  but still , such a pathetic ad hominem that i wonder if it is even sincere , at least be creative next time . 
   hence deserve to be poor at least i work for my `` poor '' . 
   seems like that was bothering you indeed . 
  re-read my previous replies and accept the specifics . 
   perhaps if you get in touch with some syrians making millions out of german welfare they can send you some meds for memory loss . 
  now you are just being purposefully sinister because you have nothing else to say . 
   mmmmmmmm read again yes , please do . 
   so what . 
  its only natural . 
  no , it is not . 
  it is just allowed because of your peoples obsession with altruism . 
   get off your high horse and stop pretending youre any better . 
  my family remained in bosnia and then croatia during the war , they could have easily went to germany/sweden as refugees ( as many of our countrymen did ) but they did not , since croatia , as completely horrible as it was back then , was still the first safe place they reached . 
  so yeah , my family remained in a country at war instead of going to a richer ( or even peaceful ) country to mooch off its taxpayers like leeches . 
  so sod off , i am on a high horse . 
  you do realize they are given that money for free and that my mother would still have to work in germany to get paid ? 
  how did this flaw with your reply manage to elude you ? 
  [ perhaps . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwihnbmupdi ), 
  apparently a country enforcing rule of law and its borders is now `` problematic '' . 
   why were the real ones not on the table ? 
  because you can not shoot unarmed civilians with live ammo . 
   first off , nobody was laughing . 
  you can not be this tedious ...  second , they were asking for better conditions alright . 
  yeah , complaining about the food being too pasta oriented and lack of cash ...  playing victim much ? 
  to a bunch of uneducated youngsters ? 
  gim me a break !, 
  what are you talking about ?
