  that sounds horrible . 
  i start working in 7:00 and end in 15:00 . 
   is n't new it kinda is for this type and on this scale . 
  usually , male youths just sometimes fight each other in single digit numbers and set a car or two on fire , not organize in goddamn molestation mobs . 
  he did though , just not with his wife . 
  this is well beyond reaching satire by this point . 
  in sigh , i would almost prefer the eu turning into some maniacal helghast faction rather than suffering this stuff day by day . 
  `` lol this guy thinks germans could overturn the western populace of rome hahaha , do you have any idea how many germans it would take to replace the romanized population of entire gaul and hispania ? 
  xd '' - random upper class roman dude `` lol this guy thinks saxons/angles could overturn the celtic population of britain hahaha , do you have any idea how many saxons/angles it would take to replace the romanized population of britania ? 
  xd '' - random romano-british citizen etc. 
  years turn into decades , and lots of decades allow for lots of changes previously considered inconceivable . 
  if you showed a map of europe in 1550 to someone living in 1450 , he would probably just laugh his ass off , same goes for most century splits . 
  we wuz rus n ' shieet ; `` leaving igor in kiev , oleg attacked the greeks . 
  he took with him a multitude of varangians , slavs , chuds , krivichians , merians , polianians , severians , derevlians , radimichians , ** croats ** , dulebians , and tivercians , who are tors . 
  all these tribes are known as great scythia by the greeks . 
  with this entire force , oleg sallied forth by horse and by ship , and the number of his vessels was two thousand . '', 
  - rus primary chronicle, 
  georgia and armenia are my next two target locations . 
  cue another map using post 18th century croatian borders for prior periods for no reason . 
  eternal youth . 
  not all of it , but parts of those regions will experience major issues and some predict catastrophic scenarios ; http://www.cnbc.com/2016/05/04/climate-change-could-make-north-africa-and-middle-east-uninhabitable.html http://www.independent.co.uk/news/science/climate-change-could-make-parts-of-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-uninhabitable-a7010811.html, 
  huh , so that is a thing . 
  impressive opening btw . 
   usually the oldest evidences of statehood are coins i doubt that is the case for states formed in the early medieval period though . 
  the majority of early medieval political entities did not mint their own coinage . 
  for croatia , the oldest evidence of independence is the trpimir charter and after it the papal letter to branimir . 
  for serbia , it is more complicated as it has the issue of firstly being formed as a principality under formal authority of the roman empire and only later as a kingdom in the 13th century . 
  to this date historiography is not even near a consensus on whether the kingdom of duklja/zeta was a continuation of the principality of serbia or a separate slavic entity ( similar how the duchy of lower pannonia is sometimes argued as being another croatian duchy and other times as a separate slavic entity ) . 
  all i am saying is that we should probably try solving this by using tunisia as a legal drop off zone before we start sinking boats . 
   you said , and i quote , `` nice historical revisionism bruh . '', 
  offering no further explanation . 
  i 'd say that 's vague . 
  how do you not realize that that was purposeful ? 
  i wanted him to ask why to start a discussion instead of just directly rebutting him . 
   what aspect of the battle are you having problem with ? 
  the amount of participants , body count ? 
  he stated ;  but despite outnumbering ottoman forces , got their shit kicked in and the issue is that modern historiography considers that both armies were of similar size and that the battle was close fought , not an easy victory as described by him . 
   is it really that difficult to imagine ottoman military could be good at warfare ? 
  the ottoman military was one of the most supreme organized armed forces on earth at the time , nobody is denying that . 
   they have implemented tactics and weaponry unseen on battlefields at that time . 
  could you give an example please ? 
   why is his bias controversial then seeing that you are not immune to bias yourself . 
  because the issue was a description of a historical event , not our own personal opinion on the matter as a whole . 
   looking at wikipedia , it states `` 15,000 polish , hungarian , croatian , and bohemian soldiers '' participated . 
  huh , i guess so . 
  i will look into it , i did not know croatia sent troops there , i thought croatian nobles were only present at kosovo and nicopolis . 
  interesting . 
   your tentative grasp on historic events does not stop you from being vague . 
  how and when was i vague ? 
   but why do you think / u/webemperor is biased ? 
  is it because he 's from turkey ? 
  no , but because of the way he described the battle . 
   and why do you think you are not biased ? 
  i do have my biases , as do all people . 
   is it because you are from croatia ? 
  what does that have to do with this discussion ? 
  how is croatia tied to the battle of varna ? 
  hold down there buddy , this can be solved with diplomatic pressure and reasonable political will ( both of which the eu does not have , but could form within itself if it desired to ) , we are still quite a few steps away from torpedoing `` humanitarian '' vessels . 
   oh no , that will shut me up . 
  what ? 
   i wonder where you picked up that line , / pol / , t_d or joe rogan podcast youtube comment section ? 
  the internet . 
   when you are saying preposterous things , do n't be surprised when you stick out as sore thumb . 
  again , what are these preposterous things that i stated ? 
  all i heard so far is empty vague accusations . 
   neutral_fellow : `` hey look at me , i 'm clown ''  me : `` hey , it 's that clown ! '', 
  no , its actually ;  neutral_fellow : `` hey , actually , that is quite a biased and faulty statement about a historical event . '', 
   you : `` neutral_fellow hates ottomans and is a / pol / moron . '', 
  * cue upvote/downvote brigade *, 
  [ we go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p2rs8cojv_k ), 
   there is clear bias that emanates from both sides regarding a revisionist outlook on ottoman history . 
  indeed , but the issue was that the original comment made varna seem like some ludicrous easy victory against a twice larger christian force , when in actuality , most of modern historiography considers it a really close fought battle between roughly equal sized forces . 
   it seems you downvoted me though , poetic justice :d of course i downvoted you , you accused me of ethnic dislike of others without any reason . 
  you will admit what ? 
  i have never expressed dislike towards either bosniaks or turks in any of my posts , you are free to browse my entire post history if you have the time for it . 
  the issue here is the inevitable bias both express within the aspect of ottoman historiography , nothing more . 
  the fact that you have the gall to make that accusation against me based on nothing but my disagreement with the comments above is ridiculous . 
  though , i probably should not even be surprised , the upvotemyownanddownotetheotherguy brigade is already here apparently . 
   yet , here you are again under same circumstances arguing no , i am not . 
   albeit dishonestly ( or perhaps ignorantly ) how exactly lol ? 
   same/similar subject . 
  yeah , sometimes one happens to discuss similar or same topics . 
  it is inevitable . 
   no constant here , amiright ? 
  the only constant here is you somehow being triggered enough to actually remember my username from whenever before , because i have no idea who the f you are or which discussion of mine you are talking about . 
  i am a machinist . 
  with eastern europe and it 's ethnostates , there is a bit more cultural baggage tied to being from a certain place , even local areas/regions within countries as small as our own in the balkans . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  all i do is talk about the ottomans , all day arrry day . 
  like , back 5 months ago or something i made a comment or something , as i said , always jumping the gun to spread my lies . 
  especially when turks or bosnians just want to innocently share their utterly unbiased version of ottoman warfare and conquest . 
  well , i like my country . 
  not that i have n't thought about it though . 
  [ the prophecy is nigh . 
  ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cxzjreywkaab7ux.jpg ), 
   so when it 's army sizes we take modern numbers , but when it 's casualties we do n't ? 
  that 's convenient . 
  yeah , because for army sizes we also have the primary sources to denote further with the modern estimates . 
   and nearly lost the battle , but the result was overwhelmingly in ottoman favor . 
  absolutely .
