  he is playing [ 4d chess ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgdhqr71i4c&amp;t=1m11s ) baby . 
   it 's tribalism . 
   he cares about his country 's legacy , his family 's fortune and so on , in other words ` his kind ' . 
  those are not bad things . 
  those are not even seen as faults by the majority of the human species at the moment . 
  it is mostly westerners who ascribe to the global identity of mankind and the goal of globalism , basically everyone else is still `` tribal '' for the most part , even the developed nations of east asia . 
   this is why these child policies are popular among religious extremists , nationalists and so forth . 
  yeah . 
   why should merkel not make long term decisions ? 
  all she has is her political legacy . 
  she 's not in it for some personal gain or to enrich her family or some other petty reason . 
  sigh , i am not arguing that childless people do not care or that they are n't fit for public office , i was merely adding to the point that those with children either do care more or could care more . 
  my argument was not absolute in either sense . 
   look at trump and his family clan , does he look like a guy being concerned about society at large ? 
  he only cares about his personal legacy trump ... 
  i was talking about the average human tied to the argument of an average politician being more inlined with concern about the future because of him/her having offspring , nothing more . 
  also seems like a guy who would rather cause a nuclear holocaust than step down from his throne . 
  that is a very weird line of thought , but perhaps . 
   that only means they care about their children , not about anybody else , which is not the same thing . 
  no , it is a 1 + thing , not one or the other . 
   crazy religious nuts have a shitton of children , yet they do n't care at all about anybody else or are doing their best to be as destructive as possible there are many childless sociopaths ... that is not the point . 
   i 'm not trying to brag or something , but many people with children do n't give a shit . 
  how many that do ? 
  also , how many childless ones do n't ? 
   how do i not care ? 
  sigh , i never claimed that you do n't . 
   but neither him nor any other conqueror or political leader would be worthy of bringing toilet paper to jonas salk when he needs it . 
  that depends on how do you weight value and how would you weight each in their respective effect in the technological and societal development of the human species . 
  not to even further the argument into whether salk would even have the same existence without the activities of augustus . 
   conquerors come and go , and their achievements ( which often cause more harm than good ) soon vanish no they do n't . 
  we are literally living in the ramifications of caesars and augustus 's rule to this day . 
   i 'd not want the planet to look like want is not the same as care . 
  you do not want the planet to look like that but you probably do not care as much as someone who has the faces of their three cuddly little bonbons embedded into their mind every time they think of the days to come . 
   sounds straight-forward enough to me . 
  you know the greater good and so on , it 's a thing yeah , but still . 
  you have enough coast . 
  another bosnia with dubrovnik area map ... 
   seems like a pretty bad reasoning yes and no , depends on the reasoning . 
  people without children have no future after their death , their line ends and thus , why should they care ? 
  to that point , if putin did not have any children , i would be scared shitless . 
  `` that , which i found built of mud , i shall leave you firm , of rock . '', 
  - dio . 
  '' ( rome ) he found it made of brick , but left it made of marble . '', 
  - suetonius, 
  lol, 
  `` where does it hurt you when you see the demographic forecast of eastern europe ? '', 
   well , your not letting refugees drown . 
  they would stop drowning if we closed down the route . 
  tell me , how is the weather like there , up your own ass ? 
  lol , why did you delete your original reply and then re-replied with the same comment ? 
  also , i am a lefty and sweden being a meme is not a right wing thing . 
   turns into a alt right propaganda lol , i am a socialist . 
   the fuck ? 
  yes , sweden indeed . 
   and it 's their only way to the sea . 
  yeah , a 99 % croat little town without any importance whatsoever . 
  bosnia already leases the use of the croatian port ploce for its naval desires . 
   besides , if we took it away from bosnia i never implied taking anything . 
  its too late now . 
  tito 's decision to honor that ridiculous land sale during the formation of the socialist republics was utterly retarded . 
  [ i prefer this version , ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxfc_4pwuw0 ) but yeah , the current anthem of germany has its melody taken from a village folk song of the croatian zagorje . 
   we have one small area ( vrancea ) that is the source of all major earthquakes here  here is a more detailed map perhaps a certain someone is buried there and is trying to resurrect . 
  he is just saying that because you have a raygun . 
   could n't you just make the tube segments overlap eachother , with some rubber seal , allowing for some expansion ? 
  uh , no , they plan to achieve a state of near vacuum within the tubes , that would not hold at all . 
  not to mention that your construction would then be proned with other issues for being segmented . 
  for instance , how would you force all those segments to hold in place , without even a miniscule movement , while tram sized tubes are blasting within it faster than the speed of sound lol ? 
  the air does not leak in , it smashes in with the speed of sound , killing everything in the tube . 
   what happens when a giant vacuum tube gets hit with an explosion ? 
  any rupture along the tube length will result in immediate deaths of everyone in it as the vacuum will result in a massive blast of air traveling the speed of sound to smash into any pod within the tube . 
  ... and that is only a single issue with the hyperloop . 
  basically , the hyperloop is a baseline retarded concept that everyone is jumping on because it sounds , seems and looks incredibly cool . 
  i mean seriously , simply because of metal expanding at higher temperatures their `` train stations '' will literally move back and forth for dozens of meters even between medium large city distances as the night and day cycle goes on , especially during summer ... 
  hah , perhaps you miscalculated the other prices as well then :p though , they do sound plausible , just on the upper end of the price scale . 
  i mean , my experience is about 50-70 % of your prices and i really do not spare cash when i am down there . 
   pint of beer : 5-6 $ lol what ? 
  maybe in top end elite resorts and night clubs in 2 am on a saturday , but that is not a regular price of a pint of beer anywhere i have been on the coast . 
  the rest is plausible , prices in most popular destinations do hike up during season , especially in restaurants . 
  by that you mean dudes who dropkicked a skeleton force from the side while the main army was already in the 10th round of its match against the ussr . 
  by that you mean dudes who dropkicked a skeleton force from the side while the main army was already in the 10th round of its exhaustion match against the ussr . 
  [ obligatory theme . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxr-xdjo2ca ), 
  i find your lack of croatia disturbing . 
  to my knowledge , the vast majority of colonial immigration happened after the country of whichever immigrants gained independence . 
  the german cities were not much weaker , just a part of a much more decentralized system of governance . 
  for instance , cologne by itself reached 50 000 people by the 12th century and remained larger than london until the late middle ages . 
  there were definitely german cities that measured up to their italian equivalents to the south , it is just that they were n't their own independent states , so their power projection was limited to basically just whispers to whoever was emperor . 
  that is a cop out . 
  immigration could have been easily prevented by any western country at any time by just being plainly racist in legislation . 
  the vast , vast majority of muslim bosniaks accept that they are slavs . 
   how strong are classic city walls against modern day weapons in case the attackers want to take over the city and not completely destroy it ? 
  not strong , but a major inconvenience . 
  look at the [ siege of dubrovnik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siege_of_dubrovnik ) for example . 
  basically , if the option of leveling the city is off the table , you will have to assault the city old school and it will be very difficult . 
  it is basically like frontally assaulting a machine gun bunker across a valley . 
  hell , even if you do decide to level down the walls , the defenders then again get a giant pile of rubble that again hinder the assaulting force . 
  there is a good reason castles and city walls continued to be built for over 300 years after the introduction of the cannon . 
  international cabal 's do not suck your dick in the morning and give sex on demand in exchange for that submission to authority though . 
  the video completely overlooks that the design is a direct take on the catholic circle stars of the woman of the apocalypse as well as the virgin mary ; `` a woman clothed with the sun , and the moon under her feet , and upon her head a crown of twelve stars '' ( 12:1 ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circle_of_stars some catholic figures even had that coats of arms on a blue background that are basically exact as eu flag long before the eu flag was a thing ; https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:coat_of_arms_of_dom_gu%c3%a9ranger.svg https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:shield_of_dom_gu%c3%a9ranger.svg i mean , it 's everywhere , look at both the head circle and the blue orb mary is standing on ; https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/statue_of_virgin_strasbourg.jpg, 
  rapidly decreasing in croatia over the next few years , one of the very few bonuses of demographic collapse .
