   there are several numbers yes , and i chose the only one in the wiki that is ** not self reported ** but is ** measured . 
  ** it is not my fault that number is 181cm . 
   it 's a pathetic comparison no , your crying and wailing on this thread is . 
   one no doubt made on purpose . 
  no , the map was made for fun , and you ruined it by preventing it from being just another leisurely post and turned it into some conspiratorial pissing contest . 
  there is no agenda behind it . 
  christ . 
   ** the dutch are the tallest . 
  ** he used the length of 16-18 year olds to skewer the data . 
  ... and there it is . 
  there is the true reason of your tirade . 
  someone is butthurt , or should i say , dutchhurt . 
   he 's just pushing an agenda if you do not stop this baseless accusations without proving anything or providing evidence , i will report you . 
  prove i chose the numbers in a biased manner . 
   you picked the best and worse here and there to get the result you wanted . 
  prove it . 
  which number did i chose on purpose ? 
  because a lot of countries have just one option while with the few others i chose the middle number . 
  your accusations are pathetic and are a result of nothing else but you being dutchhurt . 
   he used all sorts of inconsistent numbers at random . 
  i used wikipedia , as i clearly stated in the initial comment . 
   dude you are just being dumb now . 
  no , you are just accusing me of being biased by hinge . 
   you used the specific set of data no , i used fucking wikipedia , as generic as it gets . 
   which resulted in that the place where you are from has the highest average height for males . 
  blame the wikipedia then , also , i am from the north , so i am in the 180cm range , the southern mountain dudes are the 185 . 
   when you use any other source , you would n't be the highest therefore you are biased . 
  no other source states anyone else being above 185 range and basically every other source corroberates that dinaric dudes are 185 , so no , you are wrong . 
  this is nothing but unnecessary butthurt . 
  how so ? 
  that map is as incorrect and baseless as their height map . 
  never thought so much butthurt would result from this . 
   with 184 cm i 'm below average , but according to this map i 'd be above average anecdotal evidence does not trump collected data . 
   but you are biased . 
  data is from wikipedia , i did not fill it out . 
   as i see from your graph that croatie has places where the average is 185 ? 
  wikipedia states that , and it is not for croatia but for all the dinarid area as i pointed with the lines on the map . 
  the issue is that some studies measure only young men , while others measure older populations as well ( who are shorter ) and include them . 
  none of them are perfect of course , and neither is this map . 
  yes , but look at the explanations to the right , they include the ages and covered population , so of all those numbers you can pick the one that is best representative or the middle number , hence mine was 178 for germany . 
  if you think those numbers are short , you should see the rest of the planet ... 
  this is just a quick number copy paste , some countries did not have entries sadly and a few had mere estimates . 
  when multiple options were available i chose the middle number . 
  the few maps that are usually plastered around have hilariously faulty data , so i thought i should just make one based on the [ wikipedia list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_average_human_height_worldwide ) instead . 
  enjoy . 
  remember , diversity is our strength . 
  no , bosnians never called themselves serbs , even before the islamization . 
  bosnians became a separate group already in the 12th century , they were originally formed from croats and serbs , but they were bosnians long before the ottomans came . 
  we shall see . 
  just technology in general . 
  we will probably stop aging by 2030-2035 . 
  [ i agree . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izjbikdgh-g ), 
   if we can not assure government stability and birthrate decline in africa , we 'll have far more than 6 million people banging on our door . 
  actually , climate change will make that inevitable . 
  it is only a matter of time until up to 100 million people are on the move . 
  `` the budget will balance itself . '', 
  tell me , how is the weather like there , up your own ass ? 
  eh , there are over 1.2 billion indians , we could move like 20 million of them here and we would barely notice . 
  the religion used as a political ideology is the issue here , and all populations that do not suffer from that can be integrated easily . 
  her quoting someone or something perhaps . 
  i was informed now that that is not the case . 
  damn . 
  that is messed up . 
  just wait 10-20 years , people will stop aging and dying by then so problem solved . 
  holy hell , was that taken out of context or is she really that disgusting ? 
   i disagree with the idea that somehow the backwards fanatics are those who define islam mainstream muslim theology is not some backward fanatics or some fringe . 
   i do n't know a single muslim who believes fucking 6yo kids is something admirable that should be imitated . 
  that is not what i am arguing , neither is that the issue here . 
  the issue here is that mohammed married a 6 year old and that is how it is written . 
   that was my point . 
  well , then you missed mine . 
   there 's truckloads of different schools of thought for islamic theology . 
  you are arguing the same point over and over again and it again does not negate my argument . 
   no , not irrelevant , because your initial point was `` scripture trumps modern revisionism to save face . '', 
  which means you wo n't care about what current individuals believe , but about what you think is the literal interpretation . 
  erm no , you missed the point . 
  the point is that the vast majority of the current individuals follow the scripture . 
   they all believe the text , syllable by syllable , is perfect and can not be changed well then , your arguing is then moot from the start . 
   which does imply there are right and wrong ways of reading it . 
  is there a wrong or a right way of reading a persons age ? 
  or reading a number ? 
  please ... 
  yeah , that 's a no from me buddy . 
  a good portion of tumblr is batshit insane , there is far to much material for false flags to even be necessary . 
   people are individuals religions are not . 
   all the muslims i know do things that would make al-baghdadi consider them not muslims . 
   there 's muslim countries with all sorts of political systems irrelevant to my point . 
   but it 's a fact : not all muslims live and believe the same way , so it must be because whatever happens people end up interpreting anyway . 
  name a single denomination of islam that does not consider the koran the direct word of the prophet and allah through him . 
   there 's muslims in countries with very different cultures all over the world , and these people do n't all think the same . 
  yet there is one thing that unites them all , the belief that the koran is the direct word of the prophet and allah through him . 
   ... why ? 
  honest question . 
  the koran is the direct word of the prophet and allah through him , they are commands and direct declarative sentences and statements . 
  enforce your goddamn borders ffs . 
  do it now before climate change ramps up the numbers to 7-8 million per year . 
   according to who ??? 
  according to the religion itself . 
   religious scriptures is all about context of when they were created and how they are interpreted nowadays .
