  they should form a triune republic . 
  well , i am not . 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/balkan_peninsula_line.jpg ), 
  * catholic screeching *, 
  nevah . 
  venice owning inland dalmatia before the 18th century , bosnia owning western hercegovina and western bosnia before the 16th century , baranja in croatia before 1945 ... fire whoever is in charge of historiography at your dev department . 
  probably , when they hit some population mark . 
  then you are lost !, 
  no escape ? 
  i would never even leave , even if they pay me . 
  or you know , tunisia . 
  [ fun time with summer tracks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j0dbimn-x64 ), 
  as you do . 
   welcome to adriatic sea ... dubrovnik is basically at the height of pescara ... just google maps , soz for you  it is only a big `` channel '' ... :d you are not making any sense . 
   oh , our `` cousins '' ( france ) learnt how to deal with immigrants ( you `` maybe '' know , they had a big colonial empire back in the days , like italians had romans , so they are used to deal with `` foreigners '' ... and if you check history 's tunisia , algeria , and part of morocco and more ... were under their influence ... i skip mali ... sry ) that is irrelevant to the initial point . 
   oh well ... so a 60 millions people 's country should stop contribute to eu budget yearly ? 
  i never said anything of that nature . 
   or even italy 's most prolific region ( lombardy ) should gave up?well , croatia alone could supplies that ? 
  plz make it happen !!!, 
  ( i think you should give a phone call to berlin , paris , amsterdam and madrid and made up an excuse if you can do it ... ) you are not making any sense . 
   oh , sweet summer child of mine , at this point , even if mods gon na ban me , i must use a meme for you ... good night ... sleep tight ...  i have no idea what you are talking about , but sure . 
  croatia does not even have money to pay for pensions . 
   so , you are out ... croatia ca n't into mediterranean ... what ? 
   france is optional for you ? 
  sure it is ... cuz croatia ca n't again into med 's politics ... france does not have a migrant sea crossing route . 
   so is all good if you get eu monies , but is `` lol why me '' if you have to host immigrants one is not tied to the other . 
  also , croatia fully accepted the quotas , not our fault the migrants do n't want to stay here . 
   fmw ? ... gn , thanks for the talks ... 
  i would say the same , but i have no idea what the fuck you are talking about most of the time . 
   think for a sec as an italian , how can we stop it ? 
   why always us ( italians ) ? 
  well , ideally it would be all of us mediterranean eu states , but that is unrealistic to expect . 
  it has to be you because you are the country where the transit is going through . 
  i would say the same to spain with their crossing . 
   so , make a vote in croatia asap and accomodate 10k immigrants before july ... ( does n't matter where they come from ... ) lol , why ? 
  why yes , islamism is indeed a right wing ideology . 
   but we can not stop a massive flow on ours coast you easily could . 
   or we should start killing them with our navy no need , a simple naval blockade would halt everything . 
   so you do n't want the worst part of being in eu aka accept a part of immigrants ??? 
  of course not . 
  i thought i was clear on that one from the start . 
  what a pompous prick . 
   tunisia is not a `` hot '' spot ... lybia is worst for immigrants ' route ... 
  sigh , i meant tunisia as in target for transport and settlement . 
   so , if croatia says `` you go italy ... just fuck 'em up !!!, 
  you got the `` member 's badge !! . . '' '', 
  we should not be telling you this , there is a thing called `` the rule of law '' and you should enforce it . 
  are you nut ??? 
  again , if you have ships , you go first !!!, 
  i do n't want my country been fined by eu cuz we started a frikking war ... again , you go first ... you are being silly . 
  there would be nothing illegal about it and therefore , nothing for the eu to do . 
   so , basically , if italy 's navy gon na drop 2k people in spalato in july , cuz you are a member of eu and you should take some of them , is not making sense ? 
  yes , because why the hell should we accept illegals that ** you should not be accepting in the first place ? 
  [ death never stood a chance . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/zifvtkx.png ) [ happy easter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dozlxwi8ibg&amp;t=0m15s ), 
  it is [ removed ] . 
   and after , gheddafis ' gone , so , as italy , we can not talk with anybody in libya , cuz , there is not a stable government in lybia !!!, 
   but , as i already told you , since we are `` founder 's '' member , we can not do whateva we would like to do yes you can . 
  italy is too big for the eu to do anything about it apart from a strong worded letter . 
   but you , croatia , can you accept 1k/2k immigrants this summer and do as i stated in the previous post ? 
  like this ... we try , but they escape back to germany and sweden . 
  over 500 000 of them passed through croatia , none remained . 
   can you ? 
  pls ? 
  ( oh , if not you , let 's say bulgaria , or slovenia , or poland , or czech republic , or lithuania , or estonia ... you choose ... can you guys pls ? ... if yes , use yours leverage in the eu and make it happens , cuz , italy and greece already are doing a lot about immigrants since decades now ... ) you are not making any sense . 
  if my argument is to not let those people in , how can you argue that other countries should/could take in as a counter argument ? 
  my argument is not resettlement at all . 
   ... so , nevermind if we rescue children that are drowing people are drowning by the hundreds exactly because you refuse to close down that route . 
   at split 's port ? , or some of yours islands ' ports ( close to apulia ) and your government feed them , record them , talk with the embassies of theirs own countries ( if they still have a so-called country/government ? 
  ) , organize a flight ( or a ship ... you choose ) and send back back if irregulars ? 
  ... good luck ... what are you talking about ? 
  my argument is exactly the opposite from transporting people in . 
   sure , but we are eu 's founders , we ca n't simply `` deny '' any ships to my knowledge , yes you legally can . 
   cuz , we have the `` founders '' badge like in online games good , means you have more leverage if the eu starts bitching . 
  cue automatization kicks in and europe is stuck with millions of unemployable foreign men with a religion that doubles as a political ideology . 
   oh , yes , do croatia has any spare fremm 's frigates , and could you shoot rib 's first , pls ? 
  you have one of the most powerful navies on earth , including two aircraft carriers . 
   p.s. . . do not forget to report to eu 's your behavior and motivations ...  italy could simply state protectionism , italy has the right to deny any ship within its naval borders . 
  we have always been at war with eastasia . 
  closed borders makes me a sad tourist dependent slav ( . _ . ), 
   so we 're stuck with them . 
  diversity is your strength . 
  why u b like this slovenci ? 
  * rubs hands while wearing a checkerboard tie *, 
  is there sun bellow 500m sea depth on earth ? 
  a mussel eating contest ? 
  dear god it is that imbecile that wants to join abla . 
  even le pen is better than that lump of kumbaya ideology . 
   so we simply dump all migrants in tunisia ? 
  yep . 
   i do n't think tunisia will ever agree to that , no matter how much the eu offers . 
  oh please , 10-20 billion euro 's and they will agree anything . 
  their small economy is in shambles , they have a smaller total gdp than croatia with over twice the population , buying them off would be quite cheap . 
   tunisia is also a very fragile democracy , filling it up with tens of thousands of pissed off refugees will only leaxd to instability . 
  not if they use those eu billions in good manner . 
   sounds like a recipe for a second libya . 
  tunisia is far more stable , is a democracy and has no dictator to overthrow . 
  why would they ? 
  a better question is would tunisia refuse those boats entry , and how easy it would be to make a deal that they never do .
