  even if so , even if that was the case , it was still a defeat , as that territory had to be returned and croatia remained in its internationally accepted borders . 
  thus ; not a single goal against croatia was achieved = defeat, 
   got rid of bombed out shitholes and eased international pressure . 
  so nothing really then , it was a retreat from occupied territory . 
  therefore , a defeat . 
   serbia fought croatia along the border . 
  take a look at how vukovar looked like after that . 
  there were no such scenes in serbia . 
  yeah , because yugoslavia/serbia was the offensive side and croatia the defensive side . 
  if the attacker fails to conquer , he lost . 
  the united kingdom had absolutely no destruction in britain during the american revolutionary war , yet they still lost that war , because all the territories were eventually lost , some by military actions , others through surrender or diplomatic means . 
   serbia returned the territory it took as a part of a political deal . 
  really ? 
  what did serbia get in return ? 
   right , i guess operation storm never happened . 
  operation storm was a result of sao krajina , not the cause of it existing . 
  use logic . 
   croats have never done anything wrong never even implied such a thing . 
   not even during wwii , right ? 
  what of ww2 ? 
  should i start listing ww2 atrocities committed by the serbs ? 
  it is senseless to merge ww2 with the wars of 1990s . 
   that 's untrue , but ok . 
  forces from serbia achieved military victory in the part of croatia they were involved in . 
  victories do not account for a war , plenty of countries had numerous victories in a war only to lose it . 
  it is an undeniable fact that the war in croatia was a total defeat , every single square meter of autonomous territory was conquered or returned to rh . 
  [ a dragon vs dinosaur you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkdj6dnphzk ), 
  strike a deal with them . 
  we could use tunisia to solve the migrant boat crisis entirely . 
  just transport all illegal sea migrants to tunisia and give tunisia a truckton of cash in exchange , along with every other form of diplomatic assistance available . 
  within 2-3 months , the route would closed completely as people would realize it is senseless to even try . 
  beautiful tradition . 
   technically true no , just true . 
   only because croatia was part of the mistake made by western powers in forming yugoslavia . 
  no , serbia just never had any territory there , ever . 
   but for the very well founded concern for the million serbs living there , do you imagine your exit from yugoslavia would 've been any bloodier than what the slovenes experienced ? 
  the concern was not well founded , there was no threat for the serbs living there , they merely refused to become a minority in a political entity , they chose war , they got war . 
  [ \u010cuj , kompa ku\u017ei\u0161 , kolko ti je krevet dug , tolko se i pru\u017ei\u0161 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfuilux5kxe )  the opportunity for the current croatian government to milk this for their own populist purposes is just to lucrative to pass on . 
  sorry serbia , it is just the way they function . 
  a horrific disaster and needless loss of life . 
  all of this could have been avoided with actual law enforcement and border protection instead of allowing ferries into italy or even the navy picking them up off the coast . 
  the australian solution obviously works , why does nobody have the balls to implement it ? 
  if you discourage such ventures completely , people will stop trying . 
  that graveyard was not in the city itself so nobody realized , also , it was just a dozen or so migrants who caused such problems out of 500 000 that passed through croatia . 
  they do not cause problems while traveling , the problems start when they keep put in one place . 
   pretty obviously should 've never been separated from serbia . 
  the territory of sao krajina was never a part of any serbian political entity , ever . 
  let alone serbia itself . 
  i see it more as a mouth ; http://i.imgur.com/pygwpw8.png, 
  the croat in me screams . 
  the dalmatian in me laments . 
  [ why , the invasion of africa of course !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gqdythw.jpg ) making people wonder why so many people along the coastline of north africa have blond and green eyes since 429 . 
  taken from r/vexillology ; https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/1rlu8o/cyprusified_european_union/, 
   what 's the point in this post ? 
  correcting an incorrect statement . 
   are you saying stari most had no significance because it was `` only '' 400 years old ? 
  i took out the 5 million because it is on the asian side of istanbul and thus , not fitting my argument . 
   looked at the map . 
  only 3 % of turkey is in europe . 
  with about 10 million people on that 3 % . 
  horrible . 
  the initial news stated only wounded , no dead . 
  so much for that hope . 
   i think they 're pretty well known well , i disagree . 
  from my experience , outside of history buffs and people generally interested in historiography , they are far less known than other middle eastern civilizations of the period . 
  i do not see that as an excuse to sideline the minoans . 
  their alphabet predates the pyramids . 
  technically , this one is a woman-kidnapping bull . 
  the rape was merely implied and added in later art . 
  it is weird how the minoan civilization is so overlooked . 
  it was a civilization that thrived during the time the ziggurats and pyramids were built , yet when most people imagine european antiquity , they usually just jump forward to the archaic period . 
   dr helmut kentler , a sex researcher , believed he was giving berlin 's troubled teens a social anchor while giving paedophiles a chance to become caring foster parents . 
  next time put sheep in wolf enclosures , so sheep can receive valuable protection from foxes , while giving the wolves a chance to become herbivores at the same time . 
  i advise anyone interested to read up on the portugese naval pwnage in the indian ocean . 
  it is incredible what they managed to do with such a small fleet , they repeatedly annihilated much larger indian , mamluk , ottoman and indonesian fleets with utter ease . 
  the only ones who managed to keep the portuguese at bay were the chinese , but even that was ultimately ended by the chinese employing the portuguese . 
   pictures of mussolini italian dude . 
  croat nationalists rarely even have hitler , it is usually pavelic and the crew . 
  no chance in hell that was a croat . 
  that is quite interesting . 
  it is mostly unexplored territory as i understand , very few really ventured into civic nationalism that much as a concept . 
  you sure about that ? 
  this will just make breitbart more popular as it will be seen as an underdog being slapped by corporations and `` the man '' . 
  i had a conversation some weeks ago with a friend of mine who is a hardened nationalist . 
  he went on a 15 minute tirade on how the eu would be so magnificent if everything in it was based on liberal nationalism instead of `` globalist filth '' and that the only reason he is against the eu is because it is not euro-nationalist in nature . 
  sometimes certain people make me think a lot more than i should about their mindset . 
  junkers and his crew fill into that group just as my buddy does . 
  uh , such weakness . 
  perhaps we here in the balkans should just start a phony war with each other and declare all of ourselves refugees , move to germany , take the cash , then move back home . 
  double digit gdp growth ftw . 
  ... is what he wants you to think . 
  comical . 
  what is the weather like there , up your own ass ? 
   you decide . 
  i decide ; d ) all three, 
  nice stuff . 
  but baba yaga should be old , not young . 
  yep , that is one proper ass .
