  [ the wine must flow . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q044gqgsdl4 ) he who controls the wine , controls the unifrance . 
  hyperloop has been debunked as utterly unrealistic by so many already , it boggles the mind that people are still pushing it . 
  watch these videos to fully understand the idiocy of it ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yivjvpnyjdc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnfesa01llk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddwe2m-ldzq, 
  i 'd say it is more of an earneurysm . 
  well , southern croats also use gusle so we are in double trouble . 
  [ triple trouble if diple are added . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d49yuk0x1r0&amp;t=3m10s ), 
  well , it has been 700 years of listening , they probably got used to it . 
   something rewarding at the end ? 
  well , it ends . 
  did you make it til the end ? 
  well , imperial germany was n't exactly villainous to the jews at all so the actual anti-semites are bound to find issues with it . 
  there were a lot of jews in the german army , fighting for germany in ww1 , which is quite a pickle in their `` jews are sinister and are n't loyal to no country '' mantra . 
  heck , the head of the german chemical warfare in ww1 was a jew . 
  well , it is not really rewriting , just ignoring the inconvenient iteration of the ideology he supports . 
  i will never understand why the right wing in germany does not simply switch to imperial germany for their nationalism . 
  it is such a superior option that it boggles the mind why they keep at it with the ww2 stuff . 
  the slavs need to start investing in artificial birthing tech like some artificial womb biomass that pumps out slavs . 
  by that notion , mongolia would have the mightiest economy on earth . 
  ah yes , those colonial swedes , swiss , finns , danes , austrians , norwegians , irish and their brutal exploitative empires ... 
  [ all rise for the national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmww50yn1kw ), 
   the bombs were n't armed though to my understanding , they were armed , it is just that they did not go off on impact . 
  yes , i know , i just thought that there are more serbs in the other areas combined than in that patch . 
  i read it somewhere but ca n't remember where . 
  ca n't seem to find any number comparisons atm . 
  are n't most serbs in kosovo located in ethnic enclaves outside northern kosovo ? 
  oh sod off with the sidelining you troll , this is the ending of your initial sentence ;  such albanian much wow . 
  you are just flaming here like a pathetic fairy . 
  holy shit you serbs are hilarious with your constant history grabs . 
  the dude literally signed himself `` dominus albaniae '' . 
  if serbs have equal claim , than tvrtko and his lineage are all equal croats . 
  heresy . 
  cockta is awesome , especially the new flavors . 
  the ginger ale one is superb . 
  do not , my friends , become addicted to euro . 
  it will take hold of you , and you will resent its absence !, 
  that is not really the case in my opinion . 
  basically every turk in germany i ever met considers himself a turk regardless of generation , the same for all foreigners . 
  i believe you westerners are quite naive when it comes to multiculturalism and assimilation , here in croatia we have czechs and slovaks that lived here for 200-300 years and still declare themselves as such . 
   are n't you more german , dutch , danish etc. ? 
  hahaha , oh my sweet summer child ... 
  i hope the slovenes send them a polite fu as a response . 
   so you really want a pr campaign to change the meaning of the world nationalism . 
  no , i desire a liberal iteration of it to supersede the right wing one . 
   seriously , liberals have always said that eu is in their national interests . 
  not really . 
  the vast majority of argumentation that i have seen and heard so far was flawed wishwash about the might of the union . 
  rarely , did/does anyone on the left actually push the argument of national interest in the scheme of the eu . 
  no , it was a knightly order within the teutonic state until 1435 , it is only after 1435 that they become a separate political entity . 
   we 're talking specifically in the context of priming and flag waving . 
  yes , so what ? 
  is ideological theatrics in politics now automatically far right ? 
   heuristics are explicitly illogical and do n't have very much nuance this is then tied to what you personally deem to be heuristic . 
   trying to get people to accept something which rationally makes sense does n't work against someone who believes in something on an emotional level . 
  i disagree with this . 
  in my opinion , the voter will follow both emotion and actual rational political thought to a similar degree . 
  all you need is an overlapping platform that caters to both . 
  you could argue anything and frame it around nationalism/patriotism , even left wing ideas , and in my opinion , it would work if some dominant liberal political party in a country actually tried it . 
   if you appropriate the language of the far-right you have quite a political tunnel vision if to automatically tie patriotism/nationalism to the far-right without any nuance . 
   so how can you be perceived as more friendly to exceptionalism than the far-right , without adopting their policies ? 
  by molding the notion of nationalism as an ideology back into its original form . 
  instead of considering ones country above others , one merely considers his country more important to him/her from the rational standpoint that he lives in that political entity . 
  in essence , a parent loves his child more than other children , but that is not automatically tied to the parent hating the other children or considering his own child superior . 
   so to combat the far-right , you have to become them . 
  no , because your policies do not change . 
   the center having shifted rightwards because the left abandoned them . 
   it 's a pointless exercise to appease the far right it is not to appease the far right , it is about stealing their voting block . 
  i second this . 
  i wish to be more informed about the upcoming escxit . 
   that keeps breaking down and burning in public you are talking about a single incident to which the official explanation was that the driver messed up , there was no technical failure . 
  i do not know of what burning in public you speak of . 
   but they do have many thousands of old tanks true , but so do nato countries . 
   fostering nationalism leads to antagonism and breakup . 
  not if the narrative that the eu is in the national interest of the countries . 
   ( multinational states existed for long in europe ; with the birth of nationalism , they all fell apart in less than one and a half centuries ) . 
  that is not the case . 
  apart from the austro-hungary , all others remained intact and even new ones were formed . 
  political entities come and go , their demise is not necessarily tied to the political zeitgeist . 
  that is interesting , however there is a major flaw in your argument . 
  namely , you are using this argument while ignoring the fact that it does not include my own premise at all . 
  that study only proves that point in the current scenario where the republican party still holds the monopoly on nationalism and patriotism . 
  in my scenario , a liberal political party like the democratic party would also be associated with that flag , messing up your argument . 
  not to mention the american two party system and the republicans being a completely different political machination in the usa than the afd is in germany . 
   flying more national flags will exacerbate the problem . 
  well , i disagree . 
  by hijacking the nationalism/patriotism platform , the smaller right wing parties would lose the very political board they stand on . 
   not to mention that giving the far-right parties what they want never actually stops them complaining . 
  they would still not have nearly the same amount of support , as a good portion of the reasonable voters within their block would shift to the center instead . 
  yet nationalism is the main pillar of their political platform . 
  if you take that away from them , the outgroup becomes a voting option for the very voters they deem to attract . 
   livonian order it was only independent after 1435 , before that it was a part of the teutonic order state . 
  [ goodnight ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqg8jko_3zq ), 
  hah , yeah , i get that i misused that word . 
  it still sounds right though . 
  it is not 3 times . 
  the active number of combat aircraft in russia 's airforce is estimated at 1,900 , europe without the usa has an estimated 2466 active aircraft , a lot of which are equally out of date as some russian jets . 
  heck , some eu countries still have mig 21 's in service . 
   russia simply does not have the infrastructure to produce the necessary components for high tech weaponry dude , they have the only fifth generation tank in production on earth at the moment . 
   they also do not have the ressources for computer parts etc in their domestic soil .
