   oh good , you should have been there , telling that to the econmic backslash , the migrating hordes fleeing the huns , and the other refugees not in britain . 
   and youve failed . 
  lol no . 
   literally every other province was more inportant . 
  i am not talking about britain remaining an imperial province . 
   as shown in the other post , you are the only one ignorant . 
  what post lol ? 
   even of your own countries history under the romans , or you wouldnt try to play them up as great peacemakers and builders . 
  they were brutal conquerors , but to negate the fact that they did introduce peace in lands filled with constant tribal conquest is silly . 
  to negate that they were civilization builders in western europe is hilarious . 
   of how they had to fight uprisings and insurrections pretty much every year since they expanded out of italy ( and even there ! ), 
  except they did n't , at all . 
   holy shit , you are even to ignorant to realize what an example is . 
  no , you just have an irrational hatred towards the romans and are biased to the point of me feeling sad for you . 
  yes . 
  you should have been there . 
  mediating like a baws , making it clear to these romans that only glorius roman empire can remain if all sit down at the table and hold hands . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  you think calling an internal struggle between romans a bad idea is pretentious ? 
  holy hell . 
   what crisis ? 
  the one that saw an ongoing lack of any development the better part of a century before britain was given up source ? 
   that saw an increased return of the natives to pre roman culture ? 
  source ? 
   the one that saw gallia , infinitely more important province invaded by germans it was still under full imperial authority by this time . 
   an event that effectively severed the link between britain and ravenna ? 
  it did n't though , not yet at least . 
   the god damn hunnic invasion ? 
  the huns were nowhere near the western roman empire by this point . 
   dunno , make your pick masterhistorian . 
  the pick ? 
  how about the fact that even if all your points are still taken into account , that staying in britain would have still been a better idea than to abandon it completely and with such haste and negligence ? 
  pretty neat , i love torch marches . 
  or they are simply national socialists , separated from the german ones . 
  dude , national bolshevism is not the same as national socialism . 
  ... and thus , pizza . 
   oh yes we are global citizens no such thing exists . 
   the future belongs to humans no , it belongs to the cyborgs . 
   we are all one never were , are n't , never will be . 
  the eu should get to name the first three planets . 
  it is your right . 
   but we are all global citizens no , we are n't . 
  no such thing exists and will not exist for at least a 100 or 200 years , despite all the kumbaya we are family bullshit . 
  quite a unique dark color of buildings you have there . 
  ... alright . 
  greeks rarely ever used slaves for rowing , that only became popular with the ottomans . 
  in antiquity , rowers were recruited because you needed as much soldiery on board as possible as it was an age when boarding and ramming was the top game . 
  it is only during the age of cannon that having slaves rowing became a good idea . 
   i know that the the romans liked to move the auxiliary cohorts to other parts of the empire i am talking about the recruited native britons . 
   and i also think that the saxon invasion would n't have even happened when there was still an army there to defend the island then we agree . 
   but this is devolving into an alternate history discussion well , that is the whole point of both my initial comment and your reply . 
   that wo n't have a good outcome so i 'll stop here . 
  alright , best regards, 
  i ignore nothing . 
  it was not the same crisis at the time , but a power struggle for imperial power that could have been avoided . 
   more akin to the belgian congo lol what ? 
  you are utterly ignorant . 
  britain was a full fledged province , not a colony . 
  the amount of cities , roads and other infrastructure the new citizens were able to enjoy trumps the earlier casualties of war . 
  the tribes that would have been massacring each other were living in centuries of perpetual peace because of rome . 
  you are just one of those neo-pagans butthurt your celts got dominated by a mediterranean powerhouse . 
   you are dreaming if you think the native population was treated well just because they had to submit . 
  they were though , after the conquest was finished , they were living in utter prosperity compared to the time before the romans . 
   there is a reason why uprisings were so common in the empire . 
  except they were n't common at all . 
  they would have retreated the stationary legions , but the local auxiliaries and locally recruited legionaries would have stayed . 
  that is at least 10 000 fully armed men , more than enough to stop the saxons . 
   yes there were numerous migrations , but there were n't no significant migrations from serbia to bosnia are you serious ? 
  there is no mention of serbs around or west of vrbas until the 17th century and a century later one of the largest serb cities in the balkans is suddenly banja luka . 
  again , the migration is well documented . 
   the absolute majority of bosnian serbs are native to that land and have nothing to do with serbia . 
  false . 
  not even the majority of bosniaks in western bosnia are natives . 
  similarly , basically all croats in vojvodina are migrants from lika and dalmatia  this theories were popular during ww2 and you know it erm , why do you have to bring that up ? 
   now they are embraced by croatian nationalists . 
  no , but by historiography . 
  i have no issues with serbs being in bosnia . 
   this has absolutely no foothold in reality , hell there are theories about ancient aliens and now i should believe that aliens built the pyramids ? 
  this is getting ridiculous , you are obviously reacting emotionally to this because it is personal to you . 
  it is not my fault history tells stories you do not like , but serbs became a large minority in lika and dalmatia for a reason , and that reason is the same how they became a majority in bosnia . 
  the fact that you can not accept that peoples migrate is your problem . 
  yes , he should have stayed in his chair with the title he was given . 
   dude , i told you that its stupid then why did you bring genetics into the discussion ? 
   being slav is about culture and language . 
  true , but that does not mean we are not slavs by bloodline as well . 
   my point is that all your theories about invading serbian-vlach populations in bosnia are just stupid since the majority of population both serbian and croatian is `` vlach '' or native to this region . 
  well i disagree , both serbs and croats are definitely separate ethnic groups already in the early middle ages and equally so in that period and the migrations and resettlement of various orthodox peoples from the east westwards into bosnia and croatia is well documented . 
  you can argue that we are the same , but an ethnic identifier did separate us , and that can not be ignored . 
   you are just trying to find `` theories '' that fit your nationalistic views how is accepting historiograhy and the migrations of peoples nationalistic ? 
  i am not claiming any identity or territory , people migrate , it happens . 
   but you see in the first map i showed you that map in hope that you would notice how silly it is to directly connect haplogroups to being slav , as on the map , people in uzbekistan and afganistan would be more slavic than any slavic country in europe lol . 
  it is basically a former name variation , the r1a also seems to be about 25 % in the areas you mentioned ; http://i.imgur.com/v5xbnda.jpg even if you look at r1a alone , per region , in croatia the lowest point goes to roughly 20 % , even in dalmatia ; http://i.imgur.com/qlgfsmj.gif, 
  you are perhaps reading it wrong , because r1a has subgroups that need to be counted separately . 
  namely the slavic eu19 , of which croatia ( dalmatia as well ) has 29 to 34 % . 
   yes its true , check haplogroups k.  south slavic population genetic-vise have very little in common with the rest of slavs . 
  over 40 % in slovenia and over 30 % in croatia , not sure what the situation is in serbia or bosnia . 
  also , that is not the only identifier . 
  alright , i will edit my post to state `` political ideology '' . 
   i really never understood why bosniaks and croats use word `` vlach '' as derogatory term for serbs ? 
  they do n't , vlaj is a derogatory term in croatia for everyone in the hinterlands and outside cities , regardless of ethnicity .
