  we migrated to the balkans , destroyed/subjugated the avars and became a duchy . 
  what a magnificent ass on that statue . 
  reminds me of that movie : `` last valley '' with my cocaine, 
  ah , back when we at the mediterranean still experienced proper winters . 
  give . 
  ' ' urge to expand intensifies ' ', 
  magnificent man . 
  [ onwards mediterraneans !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrla4jc5aou ), 
  this is just putin revamping the russian nobility . 
  nobody in qatar will profit from this in the long term imo . 
  i really want to visit georgia asap . 
  that entire caucasus region looks like a modded out skyrim on steroids . 
  the numbers are per capita , not in total . 
   if they lie , deport them . 
  very difficult for any current government in western europe . 
  for obvious reasons . 
  that is , if he does not die before the execution of his sentence , or even the sentencing itself like milosevic did . 
  good . 
  when you can not pay a government enforced fine , you usually end up serving time in jail . 
   i am afraid some of those guys were really pointed to germany as i described in the example . 
  i know they were , but that is still irelevant . 
  if milions of them can feel safe in jordan and lebanon , then all countries from turkey to germany should be defined as safe for them to remain in . 
   could share a legal document to support your statement http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html, 
   how do you know that ? 
  how did you figure it out ? 
  international law . 
  the moment they leave a safe country , they are no longer refugees by the legally accepted definition of that status . 
   with an assumption that in my homeland is war , hunger , death , and treat to my life , would i stay in some country considered safe de jure with no money and no support knowing that 2000km away there is a country where you could have at least a place to sleep , something to eat and as soon as all shit is over , go back to my lovely hometown ? 
  irrelevant , international law does not cater to your own personal desires . 
  also , croatia and slovenia are easily safe and prosperous enough for at least some of them to stay , basically none did . 
  that is because western people will never comprehend this ; excessive kindness is quite often seen as an act of submission , surrender and weakness the more eastwards you go , not altruism . 
  they never had one . 
   in order to help outsiders without hope , outsiders that reached out to both our state and its people to secure any semblance of civil safety lol no , none of them stayed in any country from turkey to germany . 
  croatia even kept inviting them to stay and they refused . 
  none of them are refugees , they are economic migrants . 
  yep . 
  that should be done . 
  i believe it could mainly be an issue of government policy more so than a countries wealth , as certain less wealthy countries like croatia heavily outperform certain top brass countries . 
  interesting . 
  so it seems that it is even more in favor of europe ? 
  i see that spain and croatia are still the top , but austria , netherlands and some others are missing while kidney stats , presented separately put a different set of countries . 
  huh , i thought the series took the material for the online lore episodes from the books ... 
  it 's from a song of ice and fire ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a2tqhjo3xzq, 
   you are describing a idealized persona nope , just what we know from current information . 
  mohammed was a medieval warlord who participated in large scale warfare , jesus was n't and did n't . 
   misguided attempt to one up islam not really , it is merely a comparison between original theme of the two religions . 
  italy going at it like a bamf . 
   that they 're the more intelligent gender . 
  time will tell . 
   pick them up and drop them in italy this . 
  if you really have to let them in , let them try , do n't fucking help them illegally enter your own country for fuck sake . 
   you seem to miss the point no , it is you who are missing the point . 
   for christianity to be valid irrelevant . 
   he is not some virtuous historical figure with great ideas he is to non-believers . 
   to my knowledge mohammed is still a man he was a man , so was jesus . 
  he married little girls , jesus did n't . 
  it is because of the indo-european migration ; https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/ie_expansion.png `` europeans '' were at the doorstep of india before the germanics and celts reached france . 
   also good job at constantly moving the goalpost and making false equivalences . 
  hahaha , holy shit xd you introduce two entire new religions/deities to sideway the point and you accuse me of this ? 
  comical . 
   my takeaway is that debating the morality of religious figures in history is as fruitful as talking about who is the most powerful justice league member . 
  no , because both mohammed and jesus existed as human beings and comparing them as historical figures is surely legitimate . 
  you are just uncomfortable with the conclusions of such comparison . 
  yep ; `` by contrast , `` central asian '' haplogroups are rarer , n and q ) - 5.7 % ( but it rises to 36 % if k , r1a , r1b and l - which infrequently occur in central asia , but are notable in many other western turkic groups ) '' meaning it goes as low as 5.7 % and rises up to 36 % only if you really stretch it . 
  they wanted to build an older dubrovnik . 
  civic reconstruction through artillery . 
  good for them . 
  why do n't you make a comparison with them and mohammed . 
  nice stuff , but take the video with continuously dropping grains of salt . 
  especially the balkan borders . 
  caliphate of c\u00f3rdoba was absolutely european . 
  it was a muslim country made up of native european converts to islam and the other natives who did n't . 
   distinction being ? 
  he existed on earth . 
   you do n't think that there 's a distinction both of them were people who lived on earth , christ is not believed to be a direct deity but a physical manifestation of god 's existence , he is still man . 
   a man that is vulnerable to all the flaws ascribed to humanity . 
  i am not religious , i am merely comparing both of them as human beings and their morality as a product of their existence on earth . 
   those things have been done all over the world , so most modern turks probably have their roots in central asia . 
  not really , only 21.7 % of them even have traces of it , let alone it being their dominate heritage . 
  a similar thing is often stated of the bulgars , even though modern genetic studies proved that ; `` haplogroups c , n and q , distinctive for altaic and central asian turkic-speaking populations , occur at the ** negligible frequency of only 1.5 % . 
  ** '' `` on the whole , in light of the most recent historical studies , which indicate a substantial proto-bulgarian input to the contemporary bulgarian people , our data suggest that a common paternal ancestry between the proto-bulgarians and the altaic and central ** asian turkic-speaking populations either did not exist or was negligible . 
  ** '' = sena karachanak , viola grugni , simona fornarino , desislava nesheva , nadia al-zahery , vincenza battaglia , valeria carossa , yordan yordanov , antonio torroni , angel s. galabov , draga toncheva , and ornella semino . 
  `` y-chromosome diversity in modern bulgarians : new clues about their ancestry . '', 
  plos one 8:3 ( march 6 , 2013 ) : e56779 . 
  following its presentation at conferences in the years 2011 and 2012 , this y-dna study has now been released as an electronic open-access publication . 
  the number of bulgarian males in the final report is 808 , not the 809 or 812 they counted at the conferences , so there must have been problems with 4 of the samples . 
  the study declares , `` only individuals whose fathers were of bulgarian origin and were born in the country were included in the study . '', 
   oh , come the fuck on : abraham , solomon , even some of christs followers and apostles . 
  most of the voices of god in the bible did some abhorat things by current standards . 
  none of those people are jesus . 
   i 'm not at all a scholar of islam or christianity , but christ is literally god , part of the holy trinity , earthly embodiment , and all that . 
  irrelevant , both christ and mohammed are treated as the founders of their respective religions . 
   if you do n't have solid footing in religious philosophy your assertion that `` it is quite clear who stands on the pillar of moral superiority between the two . '', 
  comes out as ignorat . 
  i do . 
  the difference between the teachings in the new testament by christ and the teachings of mohammed are clear . 
  one was a medieval warlord who participated in mass murder , slavery and rape , while the other was a peace loving hippy who liked carpentry . 
   right because at the same time not comparative , mohammed is to be compared with christ , not the church . 
  if you compare christ with mohammed , it is quite clear who stands on the pillar of moral superiority between the two .
