  the usa is not participating in a eu trial anyways so there is no conflict here . 
   would he even have croatian citizenship ? 
  well , he is [ croat to the core ] ( http://www.croatiaweek.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/stipe.jpg ) , he is first generation born immigrants , not some fourth time separated and just claiming heritage . 
  ethnicity is above a one page paper document and a signature . 
  croatia then sends [ stipe miocic ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/zajlkwpeojq/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  [ sdp headquarters right now . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oa0arvrlzam ), 
  it would not be an absolute monarchy if the white army won . 
  [ praise be he , praise be ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9xy02py1h_4&amp;t=0m16s ), 
  regardless of outcome , communism is shit . 
  russia would be far better off if the white army won . 
  i was made suomi me baby you were made to suomi meeee, 
  here is a video of a woman speaking reconstructed etruscan language ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drxnhzp8qna, 
  what ? 
  i actually agree with that , wtf are you arguing against here ? 
  yes . 
   only if you have jobs . 
  eu passport does n't guarantee you a permanent residense in another country yes ? 
   you 're claiming that stalin was the only possible outcome no , i am not . 
  irrelevant . 
  after participating in said revolution and coming to power because said revolution was victorious ... 
  he really was though . 
   how is it irrelevant ? 
  because stalin got in power regardless ? 
   no , stalin is what happened because the revolution was betrayed . 
  holy shit , you are hilarious . 
  stalin still happened . 
  irrelevant . 
  what happened happened . 
  ... which , again , all happened because the reds won the revolution . 
  but stalin is what happened because the reds won the revolution ... 
   but i know that they are in much bigger numbers in e.g. 
  greece , bulgaria , serbia etc. 
  firstly , a lot of those numbers are incorrect as many of them leave for germany every day . 
  secondly , even that is beyond the point , because i was arguing about the refugees who ** already passed croatia ** and already entered germany . 
   so either you are lying to push your `` welfare shoppers '' agenda lol , you obviously realize that what i stated is generally correct , and now you are just being tedious and trying to squeeze some floppy argument in . 
   i believe that the former is the case . 
  you are a liar . 
  how am i a liar lol if even the official numbers state 603 refugees in croatia , 590ish of which have already left , out of 500 000 who passed through ? 
  how the hell can you even argue this lol ? 
   do you want me to find refugee camps in those countries and number of people in them ? 
  that can be done . 
  do as you wish , you are completely unable to separate the refugee wave of 2015 and those refugees that came after and are still coming ( it is 2017 now ) , so i doubt you will ever even comprehend how faulty your argument is . 
  good , at least someone is keeping it up . 
   the scale makes this look far more extreme than it is . 
  then you realize that those leaving are mostly the youth . 
   funny how croatians seem to like bashing refugees for not wanting to stay in their country when they are leaving themselves ... croatians have the legal right to move across continent because we are citizens of the eu . 
  same thing everywhere in region . 
  [ the passing of the slavs . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emz-p0dyqmk ), 
  lol dude , those are just applicant numbers , that bulgarian number is for those who applied during their travel through bulgaria during 2015 , [ most just leave bulgaria at the first opportunity . 
  ] ( http://bulgaria.bordermonitoring.eu/2017/03/23/a-huge-number-of-migrants-leave-bulgaria/ ) the same goes for serbia , croatia and hungary . 
  those are not the actual current numbers . 
   you have your head so far up your arse that you ca n't see straight . 
  sure thing buddy . 
  not like my point would stand even if your numbers were n't bollocks or anything ... 
   the french would have russian support the ussr was in utter chaos in the 20s , they would get very little until the mid 30s , even if that . 
  also , you are forgetting my initial point that the communists in russia would likely lose the civil war if germany won ww1 , meaning no ussr in the first place . 
   and perhaps british that is an utterly ridiculous statement . 
   the only communist country that faced a stern reaction was russia that is because they were the only country that became communist at that time period lol . 
   immediately after ww1 , the germans would not want another ww1 against both the russians , french and perhaps british . 
  again , the situation would be that of german dominance on the continent , you are completely unable to even put things into this alternate perspective . 
   exactly , the interventions happened against russia but still failed my argument is that the one in france would inevitably succeed , as france is a completely different target . 
   and in our timeline the fascists were appeased  the french communists would be aswell . 
  again , you are making no sense . 
  the communists , unlike the fascists , faced a stern reaction , not appeasement . 
   what is there to not understand ? 
  that interventions against communists actually happened while those against fascists did not ( apart from spain ofc ) ? 
  what does that have to do with reactionary actions against communists lol ? 
  they sure as hell were not appeased towards russia during the civil war . 
   leading to an increase in communism . 
  you do realize that outside powers intervened in the russian civil war and would likely do the same with france in this alternate scenario , only far more successfully because france is much smaller and easier for the germany army to assist the french anti-communists ? 
  what ? 
  communists did n't succeed in france in the other scenario either . 
  yes , i know . 
  they would not be able to succeed in a german dominated europe . 
   he 's a german citizen , born and raised this is just satire by this point . 
  [ soon ritterbr\u00fcder , soon ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f5qzroijyfy ), 
  that 's ... that 's actually really nice . 
   oh , you conducted a survey ? 
  do you like totalitarian communist hellholes ? 
  no nazi 's or communists in power . 
  just good ol' monarchies with monarchs losing power day by day until everyone becomes a constitutional monarchy like the uk is . 
  not true , we recognized kosovo as a country and established an embassy in kosovo . 
  also , croatian forces have been present there as part of the [ kfor ] ( http://www.nato.int/kfor/structur/nations/placemap/kfor_placemat.pdf ) with a number of soldiers over the years ( currently 26 ) . 
  how can you gloss over a rebuttal if there is no rebuttal ? 
   like your attitude , stability of society , amount of corruption in authorities . 
  none of those had any impact on them staying . 
  they just want more . 
  seriously ? 
  like what ? 
  because giving them more straight cash is not an option . 
  it is difficult for you to imagine a better 20th century europe without nazi 's and communists in power ? 
  seriously ? 
  i understand that serbia would probably be dicked in this scenario so that is a minus , but i am talking about the whole continent in total . 
   wait , you are actually complaining about the lack of refugees ? 
  look , refugees are obviously a problem for any country to accept , but in my opinion at least a few thousand should have remained in every country they passed through . 
  that way , there would at least be an explanation that the countries are at full asylum capacity so the refugees have a legitimacy to venture westward . 
  what actually happened is that basically none of them remained here , which is quite unnerving and ungrateful from them towards us and the eu in general . 
  it would be a superb way of settling political disputes .
