  the man made a lot of batshit insane claims/statements , but he was on point about one specific droplet ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx3ezcvj2xa, 
  interesting . 
  though , they should have also asked about the north part of kosovo specifically , which is serb majority , as to whether they would support a conflict of separating it from kosovo . 
   a really nationalist and crazy russian girl uh , the best kind . 
  china has almost no power projection outside its region military wise , they neither have that much interest nor actual ability to fill those vacuums . 
  yes , we are good at something . 
  ... by not doing something . 
  you never know , maybe the homo 's [ are to be phobed about . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynnnvbhrjsk&amp;t=0m8s ), 
  they raided the entire spanish/portuguese coast as well as the african coast . 
  the even conquered the african kingdom of nekor for a short period . 
  now you are being facetious . 
  a hat is a far better example to compare to the hijab , would n't you think ? 
  because you are using straws and false equivalences so i just responded with the initial and obvious reason why all your blabbering is nothing more than a false equivalence . 
  you actually used a sauna/bathhouse as an example for clothing expectations in an argument tied to a political visit , of a countries politicians , to another country . 
   no , it is obligatory covering of the whole body ugh . 
   this is something we have decided in our culture and values and it is not the same in every country . 
  the women in the image are not in a mosque . 
   go look at some tribes where people are naked or half naked everywhere they go . 
  the women in the image are not in a mosque . 
   germans go to the sauna in mixed groups , totally naked , even with children , the women in the image are not in a mosque . 
   there is quite a range on how we view the human body across the world . 
  the women in the image are not in a mosque . 
   okay , walk into any parliament building in the world with a bikini and see how things play out . 
  you are n't even allowed in restaurants in canada without a shirt . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you are comparing regular clothing with obligatory covering of the head . 
   put on or take off - what 's the difference ? 
  a major one . 
   it 's still a rule about what someone can wear . 
  imagine if you were forced to wear a hat wherever you went and that you were socially scorned for not wearing it whenever you took it off . 
  ( and even that is not an equal comparison )  i have a jewish friend who was offended when he went into a touristy church again , the women in the image were not in a religious building . 
  choosing a city that never had a serb majority instead of knin . 
  being that much of a failure at banter . 
  ooo flower of scotlaaand ... 
  they are not in a mosque . 
  the false equivalence you presented is pathetic , even with the ** taking off ** the hat in the church . 
  coming from a dude who 's countries capital was founded by foreign sailors . 
  basically every source i ever read on forced conversion mentions firstly the resistance of the catholic clergy and obviously the serb population itself . 
  count into that the fact that the ndh had barely any control over most of the serb populated areas during the war and you run into serious issues of those numbers being correct ( the conversions , not the killings ) . 
  world war 2 in yugoslavia was utter anarchy , with 200 000 croats dead , 300-450\u00a0000 serbs dead , tens of thousands of others , all with four factions in a complete military free for all . 
  this is why i doubt such figures for conversion , especially so after nobody really managed to ( to my knowledge ) find a single catholic that is a result of serb converting after the war . 
  it was all a complete farce from the croat side amidst the circus that was the ustachi movement and government . 
  should n't you be begging for istria instead ? 
  the amount of polandball comics this will produce ... 
  would n't the pineapple on pizza piss off italians even more ? 
  to my knowledge , not a single study actually went into this , the number usually cited is taken out of air . 
  the above figures are serb deaths in total in the whole territory of yugoslavia , that source claims the same in the limits of the ndh . 
  what is that ? 
  that is not a citation of a source . 
  it is also false , as the serb casualties on the whole territory of yugoslavia are stated as 340,000 to 480,000 depending on the source , which includes military casualties . 
  looks basically the same . 
  surreal . 
  good . 
  `` navik on \u017eivi ki zgine po\u0161teno . '', 
  `` forever he lives , he who dies properly . '', 
  - old proverb tied to the zrinski `` bog i hrvati '' `` god and croats '' - catholic thing, 
   french stereotype . 
  `` french '', 
  this . 
  magnificent . 
  mother of christ . 
  yes , it is a major exaggeration . 
  it is like they were n't even trying . 
  they could have modified the letters at least a bit and pretend ignorance , but no ... 
  hundreds of thousands were not converted , barely thousands were , and no , they did not remain croats as it was a farce . 
  i did not say it is dead , merely not as pronounced as in the east . 
  yeah ... 
  not that many ode to joy remixes floating around . 
  that one is the best i could find , which is saying much . 
   saving more than 32,000 people off the coast of libya . 
   off the coast of libya . 
   ** off the coast of libya . 
  ** just , ugh . 
  [ turn it up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0s3f1jh-64&amp;t=1m19s ), 
   the question is why do they do it . 
  what conditions lead to this outcome ? 
  because ethnicity means a whole lot more to a whole lot of people than westerners would like to believe . 
  that is why turks/kurds in germany are still turks/kurds and why slovaks and czechs living in croatia for over 200 years are still slovaks and czechs . 
   if you have an exclusionary society , how can you expect integration to succeed ? 
  that is what you get with progressive multiculturalism . 
  nobody is even asked to assimilate , so why would they ? 
  no melting pot , just a bunch of lumps . 
  they do this themselves . 
  i applaud the danes for this . 
   how would you define it ? 
  one defines himself . 
  as you might have read , the issue is 2nd , 3rd generation migrants not identifying themselves with denmark or being danish . 
  if one assimilates into the native culture and declares himself a dane , than he can indeed be considered a dane , however , most of the migrants are not doing that . 
  yes . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pt9c3zr.png ) [ v8 ftw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egswfpkox1c ), 
  [ implying they would need it ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyx0k4wrelo ), 
  yes , but the original scots are a tribe from ireland that migrated to scotland and overtook the picts , to my knowledge . 
  well , the scots are an irish tribe anyway so why not , 
  technically that would work . 
  if scotland separated and was then immediately annexed by ireland , they would become a part of the eu . 
   with a population larger than any in europe except russia . 
  wow this is true , they doubled their population in 40 years . 
  i thought they were in the 20ish million range not 90 . 
  the usa has nearly 7000 of them , it would be easier getting a couple theirs in some kind of nato trade .
