  well , the lr are utter centrists though , i would barely even call them center right . 
  perhaps , though , imo , a right wing but pro-eu party would be far more popular and could have achieved far more momentum . 
  luckily for the current political establishment on the continent , the vast majority of right wing parties are utter imbeciles who can not comprehend this . 
  eh , they had their chance . 
  the idiots would probably have a president now if they had been pro-eu . 
  without that young face , fn loses even more than they did a few days ago . 
  `` there is no point of waging war against remains . '', 
  right in the soul . 
  the migrants usually just move back to germany so eastern countries being docile to eu demands would solve nothing . 
   de_inferno no , a bell tower is not the same as a clock tower . 
  yeah , in a lot of movies and shows , castles look like they look like now , as if they already aged for centuries lol, 
  it used to be winded manually from the 1400s til 2009 , in 2009 they set up an electronic mechanism so for the past several years it is probably quite accurate . 
   shitty way to deal with people wtf are you talking about ? 
  this is not about `` dealing '' with people , this is about societal identity . 
  i do not treat slovaks , serbs , bosnians , czechs , italians , nigerians or turks in my country in any other way than as i treat other croats , but to me , they are just people with croatian citizenship , they will never be croats . 
  if someone moves into my house he does not become a member of my family , we just have the same address . 
  regardless , for most people outside the west , ethnicity matters far more than some piece of paper declaring one a citizen . 
  in japan , even 4th generation koreans are n't considered japanese . 
   it 's certainly disheartening to think everyone around me including close friends feel less connected to me then i do to them because i have a different ethnicity . 
  you missed the point . 
  the issue is not them liking or not liking you in some comparative way to members of their own ethnicity , the issue is you not automatically becoming one of them because of some documentation and a residence address . 
  if a croat moves to israel and lives there , he is still a croat , not an israeli , and there is nothing wrong with that . 
   seems like a lousy concept no , it is actually quite a natural concept stemming from human tribalism and thousands of years of societal development . 
  someone who is spawned by a lineage of parents who lived next to your lineage of parents is naturally more connected both culturally and genetically to you . 
  the only reason you claim you do not see this is because you refuse to , because it is a lot easier to simply ignore it and sing `` we are all humans peace brotherhood kumbaya '' then actually realize that ethnicity carries weight . 
  there is nothing wrong in claiming that persons with a mere citizenship are also members of your political entity , but to put them in the same line as members of your own ethnicity is utterly ridiculous and nothing more than a wishwash joke of globalism . 
  unit - family - clan - tribe etc. 
  is a real thing in the development of human society for over 200 000 years , you can not undue it by some flimsy paper and a signature . 
  dude , that battle was in the heart of the middle east ... also , why always with that battle , why does publius ventidius bassus not get any love ? 
  [ totentanz you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ewrubwpnbos ), 
  jesus christ we are pathetic . 
  not just some random white person , but a person of his ethnicity , if you can even comprehend what that word means . 
  that is not really racist , that is merely a human being having a natural and primal tribalistic reaction . 
  nonsense , there is at least like , 6 frenchmen in that image . 
   i am glad that you revealed my lies it happens . 
   who mutilated me forever yes . 
   do n't like bulges on penises that is not how foreskin works . 
   when the partner does n't cum in first two minutes that is not how uncircumsized penises work . 
   because a human body is sacred yes . 
  phymosis is rare and you are likely lying just for argument . 
  not to mention that it most often resolves itself by puberty , only the most serious cases require mutilation . 
  someone told him to do it . 
  you are just coping with the fact that your parents fucking mutilated you . 
  they are renovating it , the lowest tower and wall section will look much better by 2019 from what i have read . 
  imo , they should definitely turn it into an active tourist location instead of just a ruin where people sometimes visit . 
  same for most of bosnia and littoral croatia . 
  basically all croats in [ `` western bosnia '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_croatia ) were completely cleansed and then the area resettled by serbs , bosnians and vlahs . 
  a single payment of cash though . 
   is there any background to why it was build like this and maybe what happened there ? 
  ottomans . 
  serbia suffered over a century of constant and brutal akinji raids , after serbia fell , it was bosnia ' turn and then croatia and modern day slovenia . 
  `` when i was a boy , ni ** ers did n't ride bicycles , now they do ride bicycles and workers in coventry make those bicycles . '', 
  e sad . . 
  erm , there must be at least one or two countries who do not have such strict emission laws for vw to sell those at ? 
   what is it like over there , though ? 
  political parties are centered on leading personalities , the like appeal of the leader directly influences the popularity of the party . 
  though somehow , even we had a streak of `` meh '' in office recently . 
   to determine composition you then still do not have the crafting process , just the ingredients . 
  kinda like the coca cola recipe being a secret . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  which was a defensive war against an aggressive fascist military junta . 
  well , alright , she was quite stern . 
   where does your obsession with people putting on a show come from ? 
  that is not what i am talking about , i grow tiresome of repeating this in this thread over and over , read the other replies ffs . 
   plenty of our leaders are `` strong '' lol no . 
   but do n't need to prat about in front of cameras and supporters . 
  again , not what i am talking about . 
   results matter , not feelings . 
  at least that is how it should be . 
  absolutely right . 
   the problem i have is that you 've done nothing to expand your view on `` good leadership '' i was not explaining leadership . 
  as i wrote ;  all other characteristics that tie themselves to . 
   than someone who spends most of his time making sure he is assertive in appearance again , not my argument . 
  my point was about someone who ** is ** of such persona , not someone who requires to purposefully act a presentation of such behavior . 
   that does n't mean aggressiveness or `` strong posturing '' . 
  it sure does n't . 
   and one of the most important points is that not all politicians are president . 
  alright . 
   i 'd rather have 1 hyperactive and talkative ` leader ' and 99 book `` worms '' alongside them , rather than 100 middle-aged guys who spend more time practising their body language and vocal range than planning economic reforms or getting familiar with academic research . 
  do you disagree ? 
  here we find middle ground yes . 
   the west is not really into strong leaders at the moment . 
  and i think that 's a great thing . 
  alright . 
   lack of empathy for the people is n't that great quality . 
  lol , how the hell did you connect that into this ? 
   farage is so powerful that his biggest achievement was being a mep the man was basically the main reason brexit happened . 
   boris is so powerful that he could n't even ran for the leadership of the party by political happening , he is still foreign secretary , which most people thought he would never get . 
   anyway , farage probably is the time of strong politician that you were talking about lol no . 
   because those are the main characteristics of those type of `` rulers '' ? 
  characteristics which are not exclusive to them . 
   you believe politics and politicians should be about who shouts loudest this is ridiculous . 
  try reading better without the politics express glasses . 
   and who postures in the most masculine fashion . 
  who postures strength , stoicism and all other characteristics that tie themselves to good leadership . 
  you make it seems as if i am arguing for medals on chests and shoulder widened uniforms lol . 
   either you have lost so much trust in the political institution that you want it to revert to an archaic society nah . 
   where `` weak worms '' ( as you call them ) are killed . . wtf are you even talking about ? 
   or your country has a poor selection of american trash tv and you want prime minister 's questions to offer the entertainment ( hillbillies arguing loudly ) you feel you are missing .
