  awesome . 
  reminds me of those old aladin style games . 
  i will look into it , but i believe it is the choice of harbors within the borders you rescue people from , and if you go by the nearest safe harbor , than that is any of the 15-20 harbors in east coast tunisia , all of them 10 times closer than italy . 
  can you imagine what could be swimming beneath that ice ? 
  europa has a much lower mass than earth , meaning if animals evolved , their size is not limited that much by gravity and pressure . 
  there could be like 100m + large monsters just swimming around , asking for 3 fiddy . 
  [ it pours ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghkwcnzs-ww ), 
  does not matter , still illegal to transport people to another country in that manner . 
   so the ngo 's are the ones breaking the law ? 
  technically yes , but the eu+i taly has no balls to enforce it . 
   they are rescuing drowning people or people in distress . 
  yes , off the coast of libya , in libyan waters , which means that under international law , they should be returning them to libya , but they are n't , instead they are returning to international waters , then entering italian waters and then transporting them to sicily . 
  erm , yes they are illegally entering the eu , the ngo 's helping them does not change that fact . 
  you have to have legal permission from a political entity to enter its borders if you are not a citizen . 
  the thing is , that with such a deal , we could send and deport people already in the eu to tunisia as well . 
   what is manpower and money compared to human lives ? 
  both are in finite supply . 
   how much is a single human life worth in terms of manpower and money ? 
  that depends on whether that human risked his life on purpose or not . 
   these migrants are not breaking any laws that i know of . 
  they are ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegal_entry  there are too many different local issues and regulations to make an eu-wide solution possible . 
  does not change the fact that the eu could do it . 
  the main path should be to make a deal with tunisia so we can transport the illegals there . 
  a very large sum of cash would be needed ofc , but considering the german plan of spending 90 billion in the next few years alone on the current illegals , i bet it would be far cheaper to simply bribe tunis to do the eu 's bidding on this issue . 
   if we can easily rescue them , do we not have a duty to rescue them ? 
  we ca n't easily rescue them , those large ships sailing around cost a ton of manpower and money . 
   is that not part of our values , as europeans ? 
  our values include asserting the rule of law , something that is clearly broken here . 
   that depends on the eu state in question . 
  here in nl we do so . 
  no , not just the nl , the immigration issue is an eu issue , so i was comparing that to another eu issue , there are 28 countries in the eu . 
   ps : thanks for not downvoting me . 
  i downvote usually only if someone is being purposefully sinister . 
  you merely have a different opinion . 
   we have the resources to rescue them , if we do not rescue them , we are letting them drown . 
  having an ability to do something and having a duty to do something are different things . 
  example , we also have the resources to feed all the homeless in the eu , why do we not do this ? 
   we are letting them drown no , if someone wants to risk their life by crossing the med on a rubber boat , that is his/her problem . 
   good luck trying to get tunisia to accept them . 
  it would be far cheaper than housing and supporting all those migrants in eu now . 
  germany plans to spend 90 billion in the next few years , just a third of that would probably be enough to buy off the tunisian government . 
  no , i mean that it is not our weight if they do drown . 
  also , just transport them to tunisia instead of italy . 
  tunisia would be the best option . 
  give tunisians heap loads of cash and make a deal with them . 
   people are drowning for fuck 's sake . 
  because of their own decision to try an illegal crossing ... 
   italy and greece needs more help . 
  italy does not need any help , all they need to do is enforce a naval blockade . 
  it is such a shame that the vast majority of european towns destroyed their historic walls . 
  well end celibacy then you imbeciles . 
  it is not that difficult to find a correlation between one denomination having constant pedophile scandals and that same denomination being the only one enforcing celibacy on the priesthood . 
  the two albania 's ... 
  suddenly , spain starts investing in aircraft carriers . 
  hey , why the hell did croatia lose baranja ? 
  it was ireland . 
  because there is a lot of songs on that playlist , i did not link it just for denis denis . 
  [ obligatory yugo synth for optimal catalog experience . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46m8f8yxwg0&amp;t=14m18s ), 
  whoa , principles . 
  the romans got their revenge ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_mount_gindarus https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_amanus_pass, 
   the end of the roman empire lol no , that was just one battle at the edge of the empire in some backwater forest . 
  the roman empire did not start to disintegrate until 300 years after that . 
   by conquering the barbarian lands to the east and south ? 
  yes , bosnia and serbia should indeed be absorbed by the eu . 
  [ i found rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gzvgasi1q5k ), 
  saladin had problems with 600 of them , 25k would be overkill . 
  the data 's on these kinds of maps are usually hogwash . 
  not to mention they usually put [ light brown hair ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/74/40/39/7440399248bb6a0db09828367ff8f539.jpg ) with brunettes , skewing the image because most people only think of dark hair when they read brunette . 
  the image broke me , hilarious stuff . 
  there is a reason sport hooliganism is n't really much of a thing in the usa . 
  this is actually a map of the eu in 2065 , about 30 years after ukraine invested heavily into cybernetics . 
  i for one , welcome our ukrainian robolords into the eu and have no issues with them having 650 permanent seats in the ep . 
   none of anything you just mentioned has to do with the victim . 
  it obviously does , as the very sanctions and criminal penalties mentioned are directly tied to the victim receiving justice for the wrong doing . 
   the best you 've manage to do so far is to so say the victim ` deserves justice ' . 
  no , i explained , in multiple ways . 
  it is you who is trying to pull something more from such a statement , even though nothing more is needed . 
   which , yes , is a very vague phrase . 
  you are so transparent in your purposeful obtuseness it is almost comical . 
  hear me out ; rubber . 
  bullets . 
   for reforming criminals , for preventing them from committing further crimes until reformed ( if jailed ) ridiculous , that is and should only be the secondary purpose . 
  deterring , mitigating crime and ** sanctioning those who violate laws ** with criminal penalties is the primary purpose of the justice system . 
   now will you please stop talking in the vaguest of terms and actually explain what the heck you 're talking about ? 
  i already did explain to you , it is your problem that you are being purposefully feigned with your replies . 
   how does it make the slightest bit of difference if the victim gets ` justice ' ? 
  are you serious ? 
  tell me , what do you thing the justice system is for exactly ? 
   you need to spell out what you mean . 
  how long the prison sentence is should be influenced by what society deems fit , not just a judge and a couple sociology/psychology majors . 
   what else is there to consider about the victim in regards to a sentence ? 
  that he/she deserves justice . 
   making the victim and yourself feel better is more important than making sure there wo n't be any further victims 30 years down the road when the criminal gets out ? 
  recidivism does not increase noticeably with seriously increased jail sentences to my knowledge . 
  not to mention that the chance of committing rape/murder again decreases heavily after ageing so much , after 20-30 years behind bars , he is already 40-50 , his active youth is effectively over . 
   the society as a whole is not ignoring the victim , there are other systems present to help and take care of the victim ( or the victim 's family ) , and ease their recovery . 
  i am not talking about victim care ...  sure , but can you explain why that should be more important ? 
  so justice achieves justice .
