  not koran . 
   in the same light , most christians wo n't believe that the world is 6000 years old . 
  the bible does not state that the world is that old . 
   and all that jazz ... 
  yes , all that jazz of modern revisionist trying their best to remove the fact that there are direct sentences of his wife 's age . 
   jesus encourages suffering and praises weakness . 
  he encourages self harm and letting people hurt you . 
  so , it is still obvious , as the question was ;  which is more likely to be ** non-aggressive ** and virtuous ? 
   according to luke and matthew , who made the story up . 
   jesus also had brothers and sisters . 
  i love this sort of argument gymnastics . 
  very entertaining . 
   when she was betrothed/married to joseph christianity is not centered around joseph as a prophet though . 
  also , whataboutism . 
   but if she was 12 , that was definitely normal back then normal but not the norm . 
  contrary to popular belief , most marriages at the time were still started between 16-20 year olds . 
  also , an important point is that the marriages were usually between the youth of families , meaning both the boy and the girl would be roughly equally young , while the marriage of mohammed , being a 50 year old marring a 6 year old , was not the norm at all , even in that period . 
   so if you have basically any hero from medieval or pre-medieval times , he will probably count as a `` pedophile '' . 
  ridiculous statement , a swarm of medieval figures did not marry young , some until into their 20s . 
   the contradiction comes from whether she was 12 or 9 with ` authenticity ' more likely going for she was 9 . 
  i thought that the issue was between 6 and 9 , not 9 and 12 ? 
  donald tusk looks good with that beard . 
  with no additives . 
  * orange juice, 
  ca n't wait til the stream . 
  shame they died off . 
  well , then why the hell did they stay there for 400 years ? 
  they perhaps brought what they needed by boat from the continent . 
  true , however , it was during the [ medieval warm period ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medieval_warm_period ) when temperatures were high all over the place , so , you never know . 
  what are the chances of global warming turning it into the next new world ? 
  that is interesting , i did not know that was the case . 
  they all became american though and started identifying themselves as such quite quickly . 
  no , they just replied to me so i reply back . 
  not annoyed , just commenting . 
  i do not live in either regions so not my problem . 
   the children of immigrants first generation is at 35 % . 
   clinton did get 3 million more votes true . 
  a lot of those posts are from people coming from developed countries to the usa . 
  also you are ignoring the multitude of people in europe with a non-european background , and they show very little emotional connection to the political entities they are living in . 
   speaking english is not assimilation . 
  your claim was that they do not learn english . 
   so you know because ... you know ? 
  it does exist . 
   there was never one american identity . 
  wrong . 
   sure , but that does n't mean that millions of former liberals suddenly voted for an idiot except a ton of swing voters that voted for obama voted for trump . 
  for fuck sake , a third of latinos voted for trump lol . 
   because of identity politics . 
  it was the major issue , lefties went apeshit with the transgender bathrooms , pronouns , safe spaces while trumptards demagoged about jobs , security and ` murica . 
  it does not take a genius to figure out which one was the more appealing and active image . 
   how ? 
  the rates of fluent english speaker are 35 % , 91 % and 97 % for first , second and third generation migrants . 
   how would you know ? 
  are you american ? 
  i know , because there absolutely was and is an american identity , it is not an ethnical identity , but it still exists . 
  uneducated gullible nonsense ... whatever you say . 
  the only reason trump won is because hillary was the dem candidate , if bernie was the candidate he would have trumped trump . 
  thank you for the info . 
   governments provide official documents and services in multiple languages . 
  where ? 
  which documents ? 
  are you talking local municipalities or ? 
   no , nobody tells you what language to speak . 
  i mean that literally . 
  well , you were right in your last reply , the weather is fine up there . 
   you can research more if you want . 
  your own link contradicts you . 
   the concept of `` american '' is not one identity . 
  it is . 
  it is the identity tied to the usa as a political entity . 
   there never was and is n't an `` american identity '' . 
  ridiculous statement . 
   the white trash who voted for him do n't care about that . 
  sure thing buddy , all those millions , including swing voters that formerly voted for obama in the past two elections , all racist white trash hahaha . 
   the less education you have , the more likely it is you will support right-wing politicians . 
  more like , the less education you have , the less money you make , the less money you make , the more you are affected by politics and the more pissed off you become so you rather vote for neeto cheeto mussolini instead of the blonde harlot that could not give less of a shit about you if she tried . 
   nobody in the us tell people what language to speak satire surely . 
   if you 've ever visited california you 'll see that many areas accommodate people in multiple languages yeah , because there are literally millions of illegals in the southern border states , i am talking about regular immigration . 
  ... and even then , those illegals are often far better ingrained into the society than a lot of second generation migrants in w. europe . 
   so do public institutions . 
  really , how so ? 
   the weather is fine . 
  ... that is not a good comeback , you just admitted that you are up your own ass . 
   they leave people the hell alone as long as they do their job . 
  in what world are you living in ? 
   europeans apparently being triggered by hearing people talk in a foreign tongue . 
  yeah , that is sure a problem ... tell me , how is the weather there , up your own ass ? 
   most first generation latinos never learn english . 
  do you have data on that ? 
   most live in latino communities and never attain citizenship . 
  source ? 
   most latinos identify by the country they came from rather than american . 
  source ? 
   that does n't even take into account true melting pots like nyc were there are domincan parts of town or somali communities like in michigan . 
  to my knowledge , those cultural areas do not nullify the assimilation of those people into the american identity . 
   i think you 've been informed wrong . 
  perhaps . 
   but it sure does give us crazy people like trump . 
  no , `` gender is a social construct '' and `` 60 gender pronouns '' people gave you trump . 
  in what way do they not assimilate ?
