  the eu could finance 10-15 people in north africa for every single person being financed in western europe , germany or scandinavia . 
  correct , that is why your reasoning is flawed . 
   you 're the person who tried to suggest he could compare completely false , i was merely arguing against ;  the only true good man i entered no comparison between anyone . 
   plenty of people are `` men of their time '' , that 's not a hard thing to be . 
  does n't make them good men , might not even make them great men . 
  well , i disagree . 
  as by modern standards , even churchill or fdr would not suffice . 
  nearly nobody would . 
  yes . 
  because that is how 16th/17th century world worked . 
   the man who tied peasants to their land and masters ? 
  nobody is perfect . 
   i 'm denigrating nothing , i 'm being true to it , its variety and its depth . 
  well , it seems to me you are just judging history through the modern eye and modern standards of ethics and morality . 
   fairy tales might be nice to put children to sleep . 
  but romanian history carries a lesson at every turn , puts into perspective a culture that borrows from every corner of the continent , and holds advice that will serve us well into the future . 
  yes , history is like that , i am not for sugarcoating historiography , i am merely arguing against going for the other extreme , by dissecting it all into `` look how horrible people were back then '' . 
  i disagree with that . 
  because the us or the uk are layered beneath a single governance or authority . 
  so , instead of one giant pyramid of humanity , we have numerous pyramids with numerous peaks , and every one of those peaks does not answer to the other nor has anything above it . 
   the only true good man to enter romanian politics was alexandru ioan-cuza really ? 
  there are plenty of others , for example mihai viteazu . 
  i think you are being far to denigrative to your countries history and its characters . 
  wait , they are evacuating all those people on christmas day ? 
  that is terrible : l, 
  unfair parallel . 
  by the argument of homogeneous societies , hitler should have stopped in 1938 , everything passed that was purposefully decreasing the ethnic homogeneity of germany through expansion and conquest into ethnically non-german territory . 
  oh , i am not arguing for a world government . 
  i am merely stating that it is inevitable , and that until then national identity and even nationalism is completely rational . 
  national identity does not automatically equal nationalism though . 
  even nationalism should not automatically fall under such scrutiny , let alone the mere notion of identifying one self with the state one is born to or pays taxes in . 
  i am glad to be of service fellow european . 
  hmm , you are correct . 
  however , if all the humans are under a single governance , the effect of that `` other '' can not be consequential in the same manner as within a divided humanity . 
   and yet only a minority of cities experience attacks . 
  coincidentally the bigger cities . 
  minority of large cities with a significant number of muslims , in countries with a noticeable muslim population . 
   have to wonder if maybe your assumptions are bullshit . 
  perhaps , perhaps you are just very uncomfortable with the sinister insinuation that my statement presents to you , or rather , you are uncomfortable with the possibility of it being ( an inconvenient ) truth . 
  whoa . 
  you just blew my mind . 
   are you saying that ethnically homogeneous societies experience zero crime ? 
  lol no . 
   quite frankly , i do n't think you would be this delusional . 
  so i thought it might be / s. 
  perhaps the comment was merely about the likelihood of something happening . 
  just perhaps . 
  how/why would that be / s ? 
  because that ever happened ever ? 
  swarms of them , but they are tourists . 
  tourists are happy and want to have a good time , we enjoy them , they enjoy us , then they leave , and go back at being regular people back at wherever they live , allowing us to never experience their negative stuff . 
  multikulturalism lite , all the benefits , without any of the consequences . 
  i apologize , [ but i just could not resist . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mflhl8elctu ), 
  something tells me that i , living in my ethnically homogeneous city , have nothing to worry about . 
   why would we have to unite into a single political entity if there are a plethora of political entities even within current sovereign nations ? 
  because as long as humans are separated politically , inherent tribalism will prevent them from abandoning the `` us '' / `` them '' mindset and there will always be the `` others '' . 
  my statement meant that national identity will no longer make sense only after the world either unites into a single country or all the countries unite into a single group . 
  meaning , i included unions and alliances . 
  yes , hence i used that term , because it includes political alliances and unions . 
  well , officially it was an 8 year war . 
   that 's why they will never go to war with each other again . 
  we shall see . 
   those are n't wars those were imperial police actions . 
  ... that 's just not a war to me . 
  dude , hundreds of thousands of dead and millions displaced , it is total war . 
  victors changing regimes and governments is nothing strange in conquest . 
   you do n't need to completely wipe out the enemy to make war cost prohibitive . 
  you spoke of mutually assured destruction , not the profitability of war . 
  there i agree , that nuclear war would definitely not be profitable to anyone ... unless one party had more nukes and a better rocket shield . 
   if you nuke 5 cities in the us their economy is suddenly 50 % smaller . 
  true , but if two countries , for example pakistan and india , go into war without nukes , and one of them started losing , launching nukes would seem like a pretty good option for the losing side . 
   in the 19th century war was still a good business . 
  today its economical suicide . 
  i 'd argue that us wars in the middle east kept the us dollar quite high , just as the show of might of russia in syria pushed several countries into an economic union with russia . 
  you never know , we might be living in another version of 1905ish as we speak , with several decades of relative peace and people laughing at the very concept of another great war . 
  but it 's not really mutual assured destruction in any other case apart from usa going to war with russia . 
  all other active nuclear arsenals are quite small in comparison ( and quite weaker in delivering capacity ) to those two , meaning , all other countries going to war is game . 
   that has absolutely nothing to do with it , you do n't sing kumbaya with people of your own nationality ? 
  i did not mean that literally . 
   hating other people i neither stated nor even implied anything about hating anyone . 
  the fact that you automatically equate national identity with hatred towards others is quite disturbing . 
  however , dare i say it , not that surprising considering your flair flag . 
   in a world of nukes and dwindling natural resources global unity is inevitable . 
  i 'd actually argue the exact opposite . 
   national identity makes no sense in the 21st century . 
  ridiculous statement . 
  it will no longer make sense the moment the entire human species unites into a single political entity . 
  but up until then , national identity will still have importance , because contrary to what some believe , humanity is still quite far off from holding hands and singing kumbaya in global brotherhood . 
   so where is your ____ identity now ? 
  it is either in ones civic papers/documents or in ones blood , either will do . 
  did you just present spiegel as a source for a statement about historiography ? 
  dear merciful jesus . 
  i was expecting some expansionist jokes and maps , like including istria or the kvarner , well , at least the piran , 
   because close ties to russia is something that resonates well witrh some people here and that is what they care for . 
  well , i did not know that , seems rather bizarre for austria . 
  to think that there was an actual realistic chance of istanbul becoming a city state is bizarre . 
  singapore would be child 's play compared to it . 
  they could do that by just voicing an opinion on sanctions . 
  ousting themselves as allied to the russian political sphere makes them seem like puppets .
