   and the third point , in case of war , serbians would probably be supported by russia yeah , but to what degree realistically ? 
  serbia is basically surrounded on all sides by nato . 
  if nato became even vaguely interested , serbia would be forced to step down , while croatia would be given free reign as a nato member . 
  if you really need to be a prick , at least do it indirectly . 
  there are so many sexist way of triggering women/men that do not include literally calling them less intelligent lol . 
  i love such wooden crenelation extensions on towers . 
  damn , they must have brass balls to dare to be so upfront . 
  croatian unique language confirmed . 
  i did n't say they would not be able to do anything , merely that they would not be able to do anything significant . 
  the issue is that serbia is landlocked and literally surrounded by nato states and candidates . 
  that is a good point , but ;  ukraine , latvia and estonia they were not separating but declaring independence from a defunct empire that was no more . 
  heck , the soviet union was the first country to recognize latvian independence . 
   or kosovo recently ? 
  imo , kosovo should not be a country . 
   or macedonia ? 
  declared independence without issue from yugoslavia . 
   or czechoslovakia ? 
  as above . 
  none but kosovo are a result of hostile separatism . 
   that 's bullshit just look at syria . 
  in the middle east and already had treaties with russia and a russian base , not to mention it took russia years to respond . 
   you really are going to underestimate russia this junction ? 
  not underestimating , merely stating that they would not do much in serbia , by their own design , not because they could n't . 
  alright bud . 
   how the fuck would kosovo have more of a historical prerogative than rs ? 
  i did n't say it did . 
   rs definitely has historical prerogative in just about every way . 
  lol no . 
  it is an invented political entity , an artificial political play . 
  nothing alike it ever existed before the war . 
   serbs have been inhabiting the area for fucking ages . 
  yes , in bosnia . 
  ( and only in the east half of it ), 
  serbia is surrounded by nato , impossible for russia to do much . 
   i do n't know , i 'm optimistic that the memories of our previous wars are still fresh in the minds of the population . 
  we shall see in the coming years . 
   are you not for self-determination ? 
  only when it comes to ethnic political entities with historical prerogative . 
  republika srpska has no historical right to exist outside bih . 
   and who exactly would police the hostile population . 
  isis controled mosul , around 1 million people , with 2000ish soldiers . 
  once victory is achieved , most of the civilian population usually submit like sheep , especially in urban areas . 
   most people in serbia were absolutely disinterested in croatia as they would possibly be towards bosnia at the moment , political apathy is rampant in our region atm . 
   no , what you 're talking about is another nation 's interference in a sovereign nation business . 
  what is dayton agreement ? 
  who are the signatures ? 
   if you do that serbia will do it and we gon na have a war . 
  if the rs decides to secede , that is already war . 
   let 's avoid it  i would like to . 
  pretty sure christopher lee outwaynes the wayne . 
   which is ridiculous . 
  i do not believe so . 
  if the jna passed by vukovar and simply surrounded urban areas into sieges instead of assaulting them , they could have connected with the serbs in western slavonia and annex the whole thing . 
  similarly in bosnia , if there was more manpower and will to do it , all expect croat held hercegovina could have fallen and bih stopped existing as a country . 
  heck , even the tudjman-milosevic bosnia splitting was a political reality at the time , let alone serbs winning the war . 
   there is no john wayne of europe europe has so many john wayne 's it is not even a contest . 
  [ ours are even better pound for pound . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christopher_lee ) there is a reason your hollywood is forced to import european actors for decades . 
  you are literally forced to import class . 
   and more direct actions simply were n't needed . 
  i disagree . 
   what more could they hope to achieve in bosnia in the nineties ? 
  [ this , or even 3/4th of this would be the original aspiration . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/22/greater_serbia_in_yugoslavia.png )  i do n't see a scenario in which croatia is engaged in a war in rs without serbia intervening . 
  well , perhaps they would intervene , the issue would then be how much can each country really put in bosnia . 
   i simply do not see an event in which rs is being surprised and occupied , by croatia especially , in which serbia does not intervene . 
  did the croatian army not come near banja luka without serbia even mobilizing its army ? 
   if it comes to another war , current politics would n't last a day . 
  perhaps . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean by that . 
  more serbian involvement in bosnia simply was n't needed it obviously was since the rs forces , while successful at grabbing some territory , was unable to defeat the croat and bosniak forces and achieve their ultimate goal in bosnia . 
   and rsk was unrealistic from the very beginning , and apparently nobody was interested in keeping it going . 
  arguable . 
   militarily , the current capabilities of ex yu countries all deteriorated significantly that is true . 
   but serbia still has a significant advantage . 
  perhaps , perhaps only on paper . 
  in case of croatia receiving passive nato support through armament , that all changes rather quickly . 
   dude we survived the hungarian empire , ottoman empire , austro-hungarian empire , various yugoslavian dictatorships ... 
  i do not think you understand what i meant by surviving as a country . 
  hints ; sovereignty , independence, 
  say this as you wish , but this topic is about the territorial integrity of a sovereign nation and an issue that is inevitable . 
  conflict , either diplomatic or military , sometimes can not be avoided . 
   i do n't see why really that is the current state of croatian politics , territorial integrity of bih is far more inlined with rh interests than rs being independent . 
   croats in fbih might want to pick up their toys and leave as well . 
  croatia does not want this . 
   not if serbia is involved though . 
  did not really happen in the 90s when they really could , sure as hell wo n't happen in the current time period . 
  no , the statement was about cutting off western rs because the brcko corridor would be the obvious choke point during the potential crisis . 
  without the brcko corridor , the rs can not exist . 
   so would serbia serbia would not and really could not , in my opinion of course ; firstly because of its aspirations towards the eu . 
  secondly because serbia itself guaranteed the territorial integrity of bosnia upon being a signature of dayton through milosevic . 
  thirdly , because serbia militarily proved to be incredibly inept at fully intervening during the 90s ( luckily for bosnia and croatia ) , they would probably suffer the same in the current time period , as serbia is weaker than before and politically more sidelined than ever before . 
  well , time to reinstall europa barbarorum ... 
  even our former leftist president stated that in case of rs causing trouble he would mobilize the army and invade the brcko area to seal off and encircle western rs . 
  i am pretty certain our current nato loving right wing [ kolinda ] ( http://i.imgur.com/srz8le5.jpg?1 ) would react . 
   i do n't think croatia will do anything if eu say no . 
  the eu would have no reason to say no , and croatia has a legal duty to do so . 
   does it matter ? 
  he uses it widely . 
  does he ?
