  perhaps both are , but the first surely is . 
  like the arabian peninsula ? 
  not worse , just from this standpoint , one dissolved croatia as a state while the other acted as the ruling royal towards as separate kingdom . 
   where is the logic in claiming that you were occupied by hungarians and yet hungarians itself were occupied by austrians but croatians were not hungarians had their own state in the a-u , a separate political entity which absorbed the kingdom of croatia for the first time . 
   turkey itself occupied a huge chunk of today 's croatia , france had it 's illyrian provinces , all of that is sizeable amount of territory . 
  again , irrelevant to the point . 
  croatia as a political entity was not occupied by them . 
   so you are telling me that kingdom of yugoslavia was occupation and yet absolutist habsburg empire was not ? 
  yes , because the kingdom of croatia existed in the latter , and was erased from the map in the former . 
  * battle of blue waters intensifies *, 
  that is really neat , 
  occupation of a country requires the occupator to seize the country , occupying sections of its territory is not enough . 
  considering that croatia was a full fledged political entity under the habsburgs , it was not austria that had control over croatia as it itself was merely another duchy within the hre , as for the other countries , they merely seized portions of croatia , never occupying the country itself . 
  well , the entire planet earth has been getting bleached for centuries , now wonder the pounded want to be the ones who pound this time around . 
  so ... weak . 
  in spain ? 
  your coat would more likely be that of the [ calatrava , santiago or montesa orders . 
  ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wxrc2ueqei0/v2xizl_e_mi/aaaaaaaand4/amq1_sqvgkw1leq4ktobcbkeuhloajxpwclcb/s1600/escanear0636.jpg ), 
  not to interlude but , albanians are n't slavs . 
  sigh ... 
   how does serbia count ? 
  the king of serbia took over all of croatia and abolished its parliament . 
   but not istria if i 'm not mistaken , it was under italian rule at the time . 
  not the point . 
  the point is to occupy the country as a political entity . 
  the kingdom of serbia and later shs abolished croatia as a political entity . 
   how does serbia count then ? 
  ... because they took the entirety of croatia and abolished its parliament through the kingdom of shs ? 
  germany yes , the rest no . 
  sta ja okupiram new jersey i to znaci da je sad okupirana zemlja lol ? 
  semantics really . 
  no , because neither happened with any of the countries you listed apart from germany . 
   turkey obviously conquered almost the entire country no , a good portion of it , including the capital , remained outside the ottoman empire , and if the country is still having parliamentary sessions about fruit prices in its capital then you have n't occupied or conquered it have you ? 
   austria controlled parts of the country as did hungary . 
  austria never occupied croatia , croatia was as a political entity within the habsburg union as a kingdom , in which austria was a duchy , after which the 1868 agreement was made through which hungary , for the first time , occupied croatia as the kingdom of croatia ceased to exist in its original form and was merged with slavonia under the crown of st. stephen . 
   italy controlled much of the coast in modern history and venice prior to that . 
  i do not think you understand what occupying a country means . 
   napoleon conquered it and created a puppet illyrian provinces if i recall . 
  ... while the kingdom of croatia was alive and well under habsburg rule to the north . 
  occupation is really not that complicated of a concept to figure out . 
  yeah , i guess germany should also count . 
  the country itself as a political entity being occupied . 
  none of those you mentioned ever occupied croatia , apart from perhaps germany if you count the puppet state as occupation , which you could . 
  kada ? 
  i do not understand your comment . 
  yeah , but without her , there would still likely be no loire campaign . 
  also , she was wounded during a siege assault , so she was obviously a very active `` figurehead '' for morale to be fair . 
  did someone say , [ master butcher ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbvwch4xx6u&amp;t=0m16s ), 
  erm , without her , there would be no loire campaign , and without the loire campaign , hundred years war likely won by `` england '' . 
  15 going on 28, 
  holy hell the restoration team did a superb job . 
  that would have formed the largest empire in human history , by far . 
  the british empire , by itself , was 10 million km2 larger than its second place size rival , the mongol empire . 
  with the union with france and all its colonies it would have possibly become 47 million km2 of territory ... 
  no , because william was merely the duke of normandy , not the king of france . 
  in 1420 however , it was the actual crowns that were about to be united , however , joan of arc happened . 
  [ real motherfokin cheese ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbozxwjazjw&amp;t=0m20s ), 
  amazing stuff . 
  reminds me of the ghost in the shell theme . 
   several months to a few years in western jail  gets radicalized and lives quite a decent life in said prison  gets out  laughs at englishmen, 
  i never met a woman machinist or welder in my past few years of work . 
  however , every single one of the inspection staff and work safety peeps i 've seen so far were girls/women . 
  ... yeah . 
  because they are white ? 
  racist . 
  well , the usa and european countries are also largely responsible for most of the gdp growth in those countries over the past 100 years . 
  the vast majority of inventions and capital development on earth was done by the west until fairly recently and everyone benefited from this immensely . 
   what germany did was importing their technology and making the printing process much easier with the press . 
  not really , it is an entirely different system build upon an entirely different form of writing . 
  it is like saying that the germans copied us rocket technology just because of goddard being the first to launch a liquid-fueled rocket , which would , of course , be an utterly ridiculous statement . 
  norwegian crusade 2.0 : gib more oil, 
  this post is fake news . 
  my design has far more upvotes for croatia ; https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/6nlnjl/flag_of_nordic_croatia_less_square_alternative/, 
  [ let us welcome them with the new official anthem of the eu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jznldravb4w ), 
  must be a poor pool then , those dudes are all skinny af . 
  [ we have lots of brothers apparently . 
  imo , females of whatever age should not be deported . 
  the dudes can sod off though . 
  ... or as the serbs like to call it ; phase 1, 
   but even that would be incorrect . 
  not really . 
   great britain was invaded and shaped both culturally and genetically by the romans , the normans , the vikings . 
  yeah , so ? 
  ethnicity is a societal construct that continuously , slowly , and gradually changes . 
  there is a reason the danes did not consider themselves saxon and neither did the saxons consider them saxon just because they settled there . 
  [ can you find the missing pieces ? 
  not really , as the island of great britain is also called just britain . 
  with that point , even if you include north ireland , that still can be just boomeranged into the issue of ethnicity again , as you can just devolve being british into english people , scots , welsh and irish . 
   britain is one of the words used to talk about the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland as a whole . 
  being british means being from britain , being a subject of the united kingdom does not make you british , for instance irish people were not british when ireland was a part of the uk , same goes for canadians and austrialians before their split with the empire and the same goes for the remaining territories . 
   there is also no such thing as `` britain '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/britain_ ( place_name ), 
   we 're talking about a country that still has territory on all four corners of the earth . 
  the united kingdom = / = britain, 
  no , its like saying crusaders were christian . 
  the ethnic one . 
  yeah , most people do n't realize that basically the entire population of egypt ( 95 million people ) is tightly packed around the nile river , roughly the same area as bulgaria in total surface area . 
  holy hell what a pathetic dribble of revisionism . 
  firstly , genghis khan was not all that special of a military leader , most of his accomplishments were made by a number of his generals , like subotai and batu . 
  secondly , mongols often slaughtered or enslaved people even if they did not resist .
