  no that is the regular left wing . 
  the far left blame white people and then self-flagellate themselves for being white . 
  after that they go around assaulting old white people for still being alive . 
   he was ethnically serbian but had virtually nothing to do with serbia . 
   after about 1 month i noticed i do n't have an odour anymore you did have an odor , it is just that you did not smell it for some reason , but do n't worry , the asians around you did . 
  the sweat odor [ is a genetic issue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-_qkyipj_y ) , not a dietary one . 
  holy hell serbia , double our and bosnian number ? 
  how come norway has that many stars compared to sweden and denmark ? 
  biased map . 
  `` arabs . 
  africa . 
  pick one '' - random berber guy , 7th century . 
  `` slavs . 
  balkans . 
  pick one '' - random illyrian dude , 6th century . 
  `` angles and saxons . 
  britain . 
  pick one '' - random romano-celtic dude `` diversity is our strength . 
  #notallgermans '' - random roman citizen , 3rd-4th century ad, 
  would you say that going there , either by land or air , would be , sort of , entering a zone ? 
  [ lets say , a zone of danger ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=siwpn14ie7e ), 
  [ impressive . 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/impressive.gif ), 
  is that a road or a river ? 
  well , germany and italy did not exist as independent and separate countries , they were titles within the hre . 
  you are right about poland though . 
   well even the kingdom of italy technically existed but the kingdom of poland did not just technically exist , it actually existed as a separate and independent political entity . 
   russia either 1547 of 1721 , either before the us . 
   obviously balkans no , croatia 925 at the latest , serbia 1217 at the latest , bulgaria 913 at the latest . 
  just because they ceased to exist at one point does not mean that the new found states are n't the successor political entity . 
   poland [ no . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_poland ), 
   what 's wrong with feet ? 
  nothing , a perfectly acceptable fetish to have . 
  i personally do n't get it , but hey , to each their own . 
  [ through the glory of veles of course . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnvp0valmgy ), 
  ... and the wholesale extermination of the natives . 
  ( calm down , just following the analogy ), 
  just , magnificent . 
   it was not peaceful but it did n't justify a crusade  turks preventing christian pilgrimages to jerusalem . 
  what is the seljuk invasion of anatolia ? 
  who is emperor alexius ? 
  read some primary sources as to what happened in the middle east at the time before talking out of your ass . 
  the seljuks even sacked jerusalem . 
   if the crusades had simply been reactions to the conquests of islam , they would have started way earlier . 
  no , because europe was too scrambled and disorganized at the time and the very idea of crusade was not yet formed . 
  no , conquests that happened just years before and were happening as the crusade was organized , or are you forgetting the brutal muslim conquest of anatolia by the nomadic seljuks ? 
  i for one , welcome our countries unification with slovenia . 
   why did you take the lowest number ? 
  i did n't , the lowest is 176 on wikipedia , so i chose the middle number ( also , it was measured later ) . 
  could be the gypsies messing up your stats . 
   nice homophobia there mate that is not homophobic . 
   i 'm not gon na argue on that level . 
  dude , you used top kek on reddit , you are already way below the threshold . 
   you seem pretty bad at handling criticism no , this is just replying to baseless accusations of bias . 
   well you probably made this to show how tall croatian people are why would i then state our eastern neighbors as taller than us ? 
   but the problem is that dutch people are the tallest and there are lot of sources for that too . 
  yes , but not from the wikipedia list . 
  it is neither , as this is just a wikipedia copy paste for a reddit post , as stated in the initial comment . 
   top kek you have to go back . 
   you 're lying now nope . 
   scroll down and weep weep for what ? 
  i do not care about this at all , this was meant to be just a fun post , nothing more . 
  it is you dutchies that turned it into some march for the skies . 
   1 . so salty about being called out for using shit data not salty and still the data is not shit . 
   being so hung up about fucking height fucking lol , it is not me that is hung up about it , i am not the one screaming in the thread about sinister agenda 's . 
   what does is matter who the tallest is then why are the dutch reacting so to it ? 
   that might be the most stupid subject to be nationalistic about i can think of so , i am croat so i must be nationalist ? 
  go guzzle some shafts lowlander . 
   you 're croatian and you list a croatian group of people as being the tallest no , croatia on the map is stated as 180cm , as everywhere else . 
  the 185 is the dinaric data which is stated in the wikipedia and that includes all the mountanous coastal area of the western balkans . 
   how is that not pushing an agenda again ? 
  again , why would i state the serbs , bosnians and montenegrins being taller than croats if i was pushing an agenda ? 
   do n't be so butthurt sure , i am the one that is butthurt ...  and admit the map is really flawed i already stated that the numbers are from the wikipedia in the initial post and a number of times after that . 
  you can argue those numbers being flawed , of course , but to state that i personally had sinister intentions based on nothing is not proper . 
  1 ) everyone does not agree with that , only a couple people with a netherlands flag flair . 
  2 ) nobody actually provided any evidence of the data being shit or me purposefully making it shit . 
  it is not my fault the netherlands height has multiple options and the only one that is stated as being measured is 181 cm . 
  that is it , nobody of other countries is complaining , some are even making jokes , it is only you dutchies that are screaming here . 
  how so ? 
  explain please . 
   the wikipedia data shows we 're the tallest . 
  it does n't . 
  even if you take the self reported data ( flawed ) , the dinaric data is still 185 and the serb/bosnian/montenegro is still 183 . 
   but i suppose you 're aware of that now . 
  the only thing that i am aware of is your unnecessarily emotional reaction to this thread . 
   yes there 's someone butthurt , it 's you . 
  nope , i am from northern croatia , not even close to the tallest . 
  if i was biased towards croatia , why the hell would i make a map where serb , montenegrin and bosnian men are all taller for fucks sake ? 
   the fact that we 're the tallest men is widely known . 
  perhaps that is true , but not from the wikipedia data . 
  also , perhaps it is no longer true , as thousands of men from n africa and me in your country come from countries with 172-173 average height and could skew your data . 
   go ahead , i 've explained it multiple times now . 
  you explained nothing but why the numbers are/could be flawed . 
  you accused me multiple times of sinister intent for no reason . 
   i already did you did n't . 
   these are all pretty unreliable numbers they are the only available option on wikipedia , there was no other number to put in . 
   for the netherlands , the country with the tallest men on earth netherlands strok hur dur we tallest downvote all this dur .
