  [ a part of it can . 
  they sacked only zadar and were excommunicated for it . 
  but had alexious and his crew actually submitted to the pope , there is no way in hell they would have sacked the city , at least if their puppet emperor was not assassinated as he was . 
   they must change not us . 
  that is how integration should work yes . 
  i worded that poorly , it was meant as a statement that values , rules , traditions and justice systems change over time , and could/should change still in the future . 
  tvrtko styled himself king of the serbs after he crowned himself king of serbia , he was a bosnian king and bosnians never declared themselves serbs by their own writing during the medieval period . 
  the moment his successor lost the lands and title in serbia , the title `` king of the serbs '' disappears . 
   so some work is now being done in this area . 
  yes , but too little too late in my opinion . 
  it will probably get worse before it gets better . 
   ... i have literally no idea what you mean by that . 
  that the justice system and society as a whole should not ignore the victim when passing the sentence . 
  or , to go even further , the victim should perhaps be a more important factor to justice than recidivism is . 
   nothing . 
  well fuck that . 
   i must once again reiterate : that 's not what the justice system is for . 
  it 's not there for victims to feel better about themselves because that guy they hate is being punished . 
  the justice system should never , at any point , be used as a tool for revenge . 
  i am not talking about victim revenge or satisfaction , i am talking about society measuring what is justice towards the victim and taking that into account . 
   none of them mutilate , murder or even pass life sentences that regularly . 
  i mentioned those merely for comparison with the past , i am not advocating for any of those . 
   the variations are n't really that large , at least in eu countries . 
  but there are still variations , a few years on the sentence more or less is a major difference when sentencing someone , as is the possibility of serving only part of the sentence and how often that is allowed . 
  there are many variables to this . 
   it 's not really a priority in any sense . 
  i did not mean it as a priority , but as a factor that needs to be taken into account , and often is n't . 
   for a similar reason as the reason we do n't let victims pass judgement that is unrelated as juries and judges are surely capable of being impartial and still caring about the victims satisfaction . 
   because we reject the culture of vengeance if you reject vengeance as a part of justice , then you can not have proper justice as we know it and prisons need to be all turned into cozy rehabilitation clinics . 
   justice is n't measured by how satisfied the victim is with the verdict no , but it should absolutely be measured by how satisfied the society is with the verdict . 
   we 'd probably have torture and death penalty if that was the most important criteria no , just longer sentences , less luxury in prisons and possibly forced labor camps at worst . 
   yes , and then we got rid of the autocratic regimes that saw those methods as `` justice '' and established modern european states in their place . 
  that was late 19th to early 20th century . 
  what i meant by that is that law , justice and punishment change , and can change again . 
   it changes based on principles , not based on some arbitrary evaluations of what 's necessary . 
  explain then how sentences and punishments vary across all countries , some with quite similar and shared principles . 
   they do n't go to prison . 
  what 's the point behind that question ? 
  ... justice and satisfaction for the victim means nothing to you ? 
   no , it is based on european values and traditions . 
  we used to shoot , mutilate , hang and bludgeon people for hard offences until fairly recently . 
   that is n't how justice system works . 
  it is , it changes over time as society changes . 
  again , what about the victims ? 
   the european justice system is based on european values and traditions no , it is based on an obsession with recidivism and irrational altruism . 
   it is not something that 's flexible and can bend any way you like just because there 's a persistent problem . 
  it is something that should bend any way necessary once a persistent problem appears within it . 
   besides , 5 + years in prison can only seem like a light punishment to those that have never gone to prison and do n't really think what it means to lose 5 years of your life . 
  5 years is satire as a rape sentence . 
   the point of prison is for a criminal to get in and get out . 
  what about the victims for fuck sake ? 
   some do . 
  some do n't . 
  most do though , not so in europe where unemployment among certain migrant groups remains as high as 70 % . 
  there are 800 000 french citizens there ? 
  source ? 
  i meant right before the fourth crusade sack of constantinople . 
  there were also a number of other occasions between that and 1453 . 
  the average rapist in uk serves 8 years at most , a good portion serve less than that ; https://www.theguardian.com/society/2011/may/26/rape-sentence-average-eight-years-justice-figures islamic radicalization in western prisons is quite well known ; http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-32194671, 
  yours work . 
  pass , smash , smash , pass , smash , smash , pass , pass , pass , pass and pass . 
  do n't say anything , just get laid . 
  it will not matter if you go during tourist season , because foreign women will often outnumber local croat girls in most places when you go out , and they do n't care if you are serb , they just want that burly mountain slav . 
  the dudes very username is classic nationalist claiming of other peoples history . 
  there is no rest for balkan mitomaniacs . 
  also , if the greeks converted to catholicism when they had the chance , this letter would not be necessary . 
  i never heard of either being the problem anywhere . 
   blaming me for everything and getting ad hominem . 
  being called a commie is an ad hominem ? 
  well , at least you admit that reds suck . 
  so the international comintern failed and is history ? 
   there . 
  you do n't say what is bad . 
  i literraly just did . 
   i want to have deal with questionable countries . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  we do it all the time . 
  trade deals are not the same as political alliances ...  even though some countries are pissed of , why should i care ? 
  you are so transparent , comical . 
  you should care about frances political relations with other nations . 
   and why do you care ? 
  because my country is in a political union with france , so whatever france does matters to me as well . 
   countries piss off other countries all the time . 
  but for a good reason and when they have a good reason , this has no advantage to france . 
   we are the 5th country in the world . 
  we can afford to piss off countries . 
  it is not an issue of you being able to do it , but the reasoning behind actually doing it . 
  it is senseless for france to join those countries . 
   and for your `` it 's all ideological '' argumentation , i do n't give a shit of course you do n't , because you care more about your political stance than you do about france . 
   you ca n't prove anything this was an opinion exchange , not a deposition . 
  but , what happened to brotherhood and unity among workers ? 
   what are you talking about ? 
  to argue that this move is not ideological would be ridiculous , come on now ...  you argued that we ca n't deal with these countries on the sole basis that they are `` failed socialist states '' . 
  completely false , i never stated that . 
   this is outright crazy yeah . 
   donald trump could have very well held the same reasoning as yours to think that `` trading with europe is utterly retarded '' . 
  this is getting hilarious . 
  i never argued against trading with said countries , you are not reading my statements at all . 
   the whole point of making an alliance is to simplify actions within the union what union ? 
  wtf has france got to do with those countries apart from having an overseas territory near them ?
