  because , to my knowledge , most learn the language and most accept the american identity . 
  the us is very good at assimilation in my opinion . 
  alright . 
  a croatian in germany should learn to speak german . 
  good points , but i believe my statement still stands at least to some extent . 
   american cities are extremely segregated and have sky-high homicide rates not because of migrants . 
   and those murders are mostly committed by blacks and latinos . 
  they have serious gang problems . 
  they are mostly committed by blacks who are american and most gangs are blacks , who are american . 
   immigrants in europe are never seen as european . 
  because nobody told them they should become one . 
  in america , there is this worldview of america being the best and america being awesome , nothing like that in w. europe . 
   that statement has been false for a long time . 
  the majority of us hispanics are assimilated in no time and they are the largest migrant group for the past few decades . 
  anyone who comes in the us is basically immediately american , ca n't remember the last time i saw a `` i got my citizenship yay :d '' post online about some european country . 
   the us filters better for immigrants than the eu then the eu should also filter better . 
   so reports about heroic german soldiers fighting on the eastern front in ww2 would not be war propaganda either ? 
  these are ukrainians dying in ukraine though . 
  the very fact this is needed shows how utterly pathetic european countries are at assimilating newcomers . 
  that is what you get for going to far into the left . 
  the `` hur dur murica da best ! '', 
  usa ( incredibly successful assimilation ) in contrast to `` we are proud of not being proud '' western europeans . 
  good luck trying to turn a turk into a german while telling him that emotional connection to a political entity is irrational . 
  [ good luck . 
  i believe this is limited to structures , not items . 
  meaning , graves , columns , buildings etc. 
  not trade products like jewelry or clothing items . 
  so , out of all the saints day , they add the one most linked with drinking celebrations . 
  quite the coincidence . 
  by making crosses out of them . 
  you declared want . 
  [ that means consent . 
  dude , you are just like all the tourists coming to croatia and telling us how we are living in a paradise , only to be visibly shocked when they learn we work for 2-3 dollars an hour while living a stone throw away from western europe and just slightly lower living expenses . 
  your experience is utterly skewed by what you are , dear wealthy american citizen and i am indeed entirely right . 
  no offense . 
  yes . 
  breed . 
  as it should be , finally , after centuries of us being dealt shitty cards , at least some slavs are doing good now . 
   i 've lived in 3 and i can tell you =  based upon my experience there as an american with an incredible high living standard both at home and obviously there . 
  they were horselords before it was cool . 
  insane how many people you had last time . 
   when they moved to the balkans they where turkic tribes , not slavic . 
  genetic research found basically no trace of turkic in bulgars , they were not turks when they came to bulgaria , they probably were not even turkic when they were in ukraine either . 
  how about fucking border enforcement ? 
  you know , that thing , called `` the rule of law '' ? 
  i read about it somewhere in a book about how countries function . 
  well , they look light brown to me . 
  her eye color is brown . 
  that is a misleading issue that comes from studies analyzing depigmentation genes . 
  it is argued that pale people came around 9-7 000 years ago . 
  however , the woman in the image is not pale . 
  again , that is tied to the study about the genes slc24a5 and slc45a2 that lead to depigmentation and pale skin , meaning whitey white . 
  that does not mean that homo sapiens remained dark skinned for over 30 000 years living in europe , including the great glaciation ffs , they became lighter and had lighter skin , just not the pale faces of the northern half of europe today . 
   did you notice they did not even cover the genes related to skin and hair colour ? 
  or actually read it ? 
  you do realize that i was merely answering your statements in the above reply ? 
  i was not tying neanderthals to homo sapiens having blondes and redheads already in the early upper paleolithic . 
  the fact remains that your links speak of pale skin and depigmentation , not people merely having lighter skin . 
   we do n't know enough about neanderthal genes to say that they had light skin . 
  we do actually . 
  they even had gingers . 
   neanderthal having been light skinned ( and possibly redheaded ) also does not tell us anything about early european populations homo sapiens and neanderthals inbreeding is a proven fact . 
   as those genes are not among those found in current populations . 
  yes , yes they are ; https://phys.org/news/2016-02-neanderthal-dna-subtle-significant-impact.html, 
  i believe you have issues with data discerning pale skin and blue/green eyes with just people having lighter skin . 
  the team that did the reconstruction are experts and humans have been living in europe for tens of thousands of years by that point , even passing through a major glaciation . 
  there is also the issue of ignoring interbreeding with neanderthals , who had pale skin and light hair/eyes before homo sapiens even reached france . 
  again with this meme . 
  dude , those links speak of pale skin through depigmentation genes . 
  pale is not the same as just lighter skin , and the woman in the image is not pale . 
  not to mention that even those studies are contested and there still is no consensus . 
  also , even neanderthals had light skin and hair [ 40 000 years ago . 
  ] ( http://news.nationalgeographic.com/content/dam/news/photos/000/601/60159.jpg ) the team that did the reconstruction of the woman is deemed as one of the most skilled in their field on earth at the moment , so i doubt they messed up . 
  haha , no , the blunt impact most likely just took the wind out of them . 
  [ full contact jousting ftw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqdrkf5x6p4 ), 
  info on her ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/magdalenian_girl, 
  rather a buzzkill than a [ reasonforakill . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpvtjmuyzn4 ), 
   mwannalag speak friend and enter . 
  cute . 
  yep , that 's a dolphin made out of rock alright . 
   that 's just like staying home germany has mediterranean in your alternate timeline ? 
  not the first time turks hired serbs to get a job done . 
  [ there is an alternative pristine location a lot closer you know ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dxdilhh.jpg ) less uv radiation for your pale teutonic skin as well :p, 
  yep . 
  good stream . 
  the ottomans are satire tier overpowered in this game . 
  bosnia stronk apparently . 
  edit ; bosnia stronk no more, 
  i meant the dudes tyt named themselves after ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/young_turks, 
  the young turks . 
  usually , the higher the population density the shittier your life will be , for various reasons ( depending on the source ) ; http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/usappblog/2016/05/12/the-bigger-and-denser-the-city-you-live-in-the-more-unhappy-youre-likely-to-be/, 
  i love how she gives them no power . 
  the smile she did after her first sentence is boss . 
  they did so through military conquests though , as ottoman sultans , not through the religious right of having caliph as a title . 
  to think that all this could have happened already in the 1810s if napoleon had n't invaded russia ... 
   finrando so that is what the swedes were [ singing about . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqsjabzdx-4 ), 
   in case of war , i do n't think those aspirations would matter much . 
  well , that would depend on where the politicians went , as it would probably mean an irreversible political crossroad where serbia would have to chose between the eu and russia ... and i am not that sure they would chose russia .
