  this depends on the region . 
  western europeans hold ethnicity and nationality as far less important than eastern and south eastern europeans , where nationalism and ethnic identity are very much still alive . 
  putin did n't apologise , he sent his condolences . 
  big difference . 
  i was disagreeing with the second comment , not agreeing with the initial one , though , it is my fault , i should have made that clearer . 
  it is not democracy that is to blame , but mostly capitalism in my opinion . 
  for instance , someone like kim kardashian would have never become anything in any other type of civilization or society , even in the modern times . 
  kim kardashian becoming a thing would be impossible in a communist country or any other type of authotarian or totalitarian society . 
  not that i am advocating for anything else besides democracy and capitalism , i am just saying , there is a price we pay for enjoying both , and the industry of stupidity is a part of that price . 
  lol at mongolian slovenes . 
  i disagree . 
  before the 20th century , it was mostly politicians and military leaders who were in the spotlight . 
  only in the rich upper circles would some musician or singer become famous from time to time . 
  [ visit glasgow you say ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=am-dtaxbupi ), 
  [ he is the chosen one . 
   detroit is still a city in which people are living yeah , it experienced a colossal population decrease of 62 % , it is a ruined city and half of it looks like a post apocalyptic landscape . 
   detroit declined due to many factors mainly just the lack of jobs and poor housing development . 
  not to mention that the immigrants moving to sweden are far more culturally alienated . 
  it is a recipe for disaster . 
  in this case it is even worse , as migrants are entering the country for jobs that are no longer there or will no longer be there in the coming years . 
  \u2022 2006 140,431,790 \u2022 2015 188,462,640 jesus christ , that is half a germany in 9 years . 
  just send the greeks more money instead and help them nit this in the waters . 
  as it should be with italy and spain . 
  europe has a saltwater wall and we are not using it at all . 
  that is because you are thinking in the wrong line , not connecting population change to wholesale societal change . 
  look at what happened to detroit , now think bigger , that is what legitimately could happen . 
  that is after the ottoman wars , before that , those lands along with western bosnia were all within croatia . 
  well i do not think so . 
   but what law allow him to conquer the duchy ? 
  when hunald broke his oath and declared war on the franks . 
   remember how the op was trying to use charles christianity for justify how muslims are incarnate evil ? 
  false , the expansion of the first and second caliphate was primarily tied to religious command of expanding the authority of allah . 
   remember how the op was trying to use charles christianity for justify how muslims are incarnate evil ? 
  except he did n't . 
   do n't use a man who despite the church his lifetime for make the saviour of europe , that is called historical revisionnism . 
  no , it is not , since the result of his actions are far more important than he as a person . 
   if i remember corectely the first emir of cordoba was the last surviving omayyad it was a completely different political entity . 
  apart from the ruling dynasty being the same , everything else differed . 
  no , it is not , since i insulted your actions instead of you personally . 
  google the term and what it means . 
   by the way , what do you call `` historical revisionism '' and `` relativism '' ? 
  what you are doing in this thread . 
  what . 
  shocking , i know . 
   it 's not like some century after they were still muslims in france yes , and there were still christians in jerusalem , that does not mean the rashidun wars were not religiously motivated . 
  incredible mental gymnastics . 
   civililization clash ? 
  what ? 
   migrants existed since forever and no they do n't destroy nor france nor spain . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  what migrants ? 
  are you seriously tying this topic to the modern migration/multiculturalism topic ? 
  holy hell . 
  i am at a loss of words . 
   tell me , who is the bad guy in this war ? 
  and tell me why precisely . 
  the umayyad caliphate , because they are the invaders , just as the mongols were the bad guys when they invaded the caliphate . 
   betray an '' `` ally '' '' is a better idea than fight whit them ? 
  aquitaine was allied to nobody what ally and what betrayal ? 
  the franks had no responsibility to defend aquitaine before odo came to them . 
   but it 's not the point : umayyads was here for conquer but charles too . 
  the difference being charles having a legal right to do so through odo . 
   nice one , the very-christian-charles is the one who exiled saint eucherius and all his family because he thought they was conspirating against him . 
  you can add saint guy and the abbe of fontenelle to his great acts of faith you are doing nothing but slamming pathetic attempts at strawmaning . 
  the personal actions of charles are irrelevant to the point that it was a clash between christian factions of europe and a muslim caliphate that was not a european political entity but a middle eastern one . 
   but the caliphate of cordoba the caliphate of cordoba is nothing alike with the umayyad caliphate at this time , cordoba is merely a successor of it . 
   i understand your hate againt islam ottoman empire i hate no faction and no civilization and your accusations are childish . 
  i hate historical revisionism and pathetic relativism that is being spewed constantly by the likes of you . 
   legally liberating a vassal state by annexing him whitout consent ? 
  there was no one to annex since odo died , it became frankish rule after that . 
   why end by this ? 
  why end by this ? 
  because you are being purposefully misleading for the mere purpose of leveling the historical aspect of this conflict in order to paint it as noone was the good/bad guy here . 
  even if you completely ignore the obvious civilizational and religious clash , one faction here was the invader and the other was the defender . 
   the best bridges well , the americans do have jeff bridges , but he only counts as one . 
  huh . 
  thanks for the info . 
   scotland wo n't pass scotland ca n't but slovakia could ? 
  well , there is the argument that the former would not be that different of an option . 
  also , with a separate currency , nobody would care much if your country went under , unlike with a shared currency . 
  hence the etc. 
  the us involvement there is akin to russia helping assad against the rebels , with the addition of having one of the worst countries on the planet as an ally . 
  that has more to do with countries than the euro . 
  are doing pretty fine . 
  why not take the euro ? 
  you think that is bad ? 
  the united states airforce has been active in airborne refueling of saudi military aircraft over yemen for the past months . 
  that is right , the us are literally helping the saudi 's bomb yemen more efficiently . 
   but refuse to come once umayyad were here because he realized it would be better to wait for them on known ground . 
   ( they did n't conquer aquitaine , just looted it a lot of the main cities were conquered and held for years . 
  in the south , narbonne was not reconquered until 759 . 
   it 's was n't a evil arabs vs god-sent white knights . 
  no , but it was a christian european power against the umayyad caliphate . 
   and islam is n't a threat today and was n't in 720 . 
  imaginitive revisionism , just years before tours , the caliphate tried to conquer constantinople and push into the balkans . 
   charles martel was a invador like the umayyad was false , his legitimacy was based on the fact that duke odo and the nobility of aquitaine fled to the franks after the battle of the river garonne and accepted frankish overlordship . 
  meaning , the frankish invasion was legally them liberating a vassal state . 
   save europe ? 
  god ... your hate of islam is over nine thousand just .
