  also , if narcos taught us anything , is that even the us audience is prepared to suffer and get used to subtitles as well if the series is good . 
  awesome to see croatia rise to the ranks of switzerland , irish and the northmen when it comes to economic growth . 
  eh , whatcanyado . 
  what about narcos ? 
  narcos series is a huge success story and 99 % of it is not in english . 
  one is not related to the other in any way . 
   universal values are still mostly a thing of the west they are western values that western people want to make universal . 
   and both russia and china have openly argued against them . 
  most muslims disagree too . 
  yes , that is the point , and their values and cultural influence grow by the day at the expense of western values . 
   so as long as those values are not compromised , no swarming out can take place . 
  good god , re-read what you wrote above this sentence , they are bound to be compromised , that is the main goal of globalism , to get rid of the importance of tribalism and nation states in favor of a global identity of the human race . 
  meaning , a middle ground will be forced on every step of the way . 
   a globalist would also say that adopting universal values is n't tied to your place of birth . 
  of course he/she would say this . 
  because of the obvious truth that a multitude of cultural and ideological compromises would be inevitable in a globalist world , compromises the west would be the loser in at every step . 
   total abandonment of globalism and universal values will lead to war pushing them will also lead to war . 
   as most international issues will no longer be solved . 
  one does not need an universal identity or a global political union to solve international issues , simple political relations are enough . 
  the un by itself is enough to provide all the discourse required . 
  however , if you are prepared to sacrifice all western values to create a middle ground global value system with 1.7 billion humans in muslim countries along with india , china and the rest , then have it so . 
  just prepare to have your values be completely swarmed out , as you will become a lot less relevant minority among the billions of non-westerners . 
  have at it . 
  what i wrote was not a prediction about the year 2070 , it was an assessment about globalism as an idea from now up until that year . 
   perhaps , perhaps not . 
  it 's an ideal to strive to , not a plan to be achieved by date . 
  that is an good way to argue for it , but for the mass of those mislead , it is an active goal to be pursued , at the expense of the reality of the present . 
  anyone believing that a global human identity and solidarity is possible in the early 21st century is the one smoking crushed crystal balls . 
  have n't what ? 
  so you are arguing for other groups because they will surely integrate within the next 700 years ? 
  as an eu citizen , he would have a right to move anywhere else in the eu , unlike non-eu citizens . 
   because i 'm a leftist neat . 
   globalist at heart people like you need to realize that globalism as a 21st century goal is a pipe dream , it may become a sensible path to follow around the year 2070 and onwards into the 22nd century , but not now . 
  dude , lipka tatars had over 700 years of coexistence and cultural development in that region alongside the settled peoples . 
  that is a ridiculous argument . 
  this has been a thing for years . 
  tourists have been telling us that products here are different since at least the early 2000s . 
  although , some are deemed as better , for instance a lot of people say that coca cola here is tastier . 
  now it also doubles as a brickstore . 
  the shoe kick to the face was brutal . 
  this is insane for a countries security to do . 
  oldest ? 
  not even among the top 30 ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_oldest_buildings, 
  yeah , like all the surviving written texts from various slavic countries since the 10th century onwards . 
  [ whoa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeime8wz6e4 ), 
  yes , i know of the tale itself , i was talking about corroborating historical mentions and primary sources . 
  op 's flair checks out . 
  this is really passing beyond ridiculous . 
  is there actual historical proof though ? 
  you do not take eastern europeans , eastern europeans come . 
  they have the right to do so as citizens of the eu . 
  all other human beings outside the eu do not . 
  it does not really need to . 
  again , just unload a few cubic meters of euro 's at tunisia 's parliament and problem solved . 
  all the eu needs is a legal political entity across the sea where it can legally deport people if they reach the eu . 
  after that is achieved , the very act of illegal crossing becomes folly . 
  tunisia then . 
  about 8-15 billion will be enough for them to accept anything , they have a gdp smaller than croatia by this point . 
  close up illegal immigration and that sentence just might be true . 
  you 'd be smug too if you were a greek during the archaic period . 
  it was their golden age . 
  it is also important to have a palm tree nearby for salad . 
  no stream ? 
  i would roll my eyes , but a single sigh will be enough . 
  that is a rather pathetic rebut . 
  say it with me ; du-bro-v-nik, 
  [ say wuut ? 
  i mostly agree , however , the french went a bit over the line with it during the past 10-12 years . 
  slavs mingling with slavs , as natural as it is beguiling . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_h-5tcznwss ), 
  by closing down that migrant route with the navy , those drownings would stop . 
  lol , there are 5 kebab shops in my town alone , all ran by croats . 
  just steal the riddle of the kebab , after that , migrants are no longer needed . 
  google search brought back russian . 
  i am not sure . 
  my bad if it is so . 
  well , the russians are producing their armata tanks as well ... however , all this is meaningless , for if there is ever a point where those two nations are at full scale war where actual tank battles are happening , we are well into the race of searching for the nearest fallout shelter . 
  the ottomans were not the only ones who knew how to build stone bridges like that lol , it is just that most balkan bridges before the 15th century were wooden and the ottomans just conquered the territory right at the period when stone bridges started to replace wooden ones . 
  hell , even in mostar there was a large wooden bridge on the same exact spot , which was torn down and a stone one was built over it . 
  they should do as we did , we just put a coat of arms on the dutch flag . 
  nobody can confuse a tricolor with a coat of arms . 
  `` libria , i congratulate you ... '', 
  lol what ? 
  everywhere outside italy , france and the benelux is quite prude politics . 
  though , france is far aside the rest , nowhere else on the continent is having a mistresses seen as a mere leisure activity . 
   hope it means it was not an arranged marriage most marriages at the time were arranged , but people forget that arranged means arranged for both parties , including the man . 
  nonetheless , a lot of medieval stories speak of love within such marriages , it is not unlikely that they were happy in the end . 
  there is also the issue of a lot of modern studies finding little difference between happiness of marital couples in choice vs arranged marriages , even though the former is a morally/ethnically superior option , the end result is not all that different . 
   crayfish huh , it would seem that you are right . 
  [ look at this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oltfi5t.jpg ) , and follow venice , spain , the papal states and the hre . 
  well , on a scale , they are actually kinda worse . 
  terrorists do wile things towards those they see as enemies for a political or religious cause these guys planned to do wile things to their own tribe/nation for a political cause . 
  it is like comparing a regular child murderer to someone who murdered his/her own child . 
  yes please . 
  it is his coat of arms , not a lobster but a scorpion . 
  it is also on his surcoat . 
  [ sindel , wins !, 
  penises do not start from the side of your hip . 
  fillon alone is not lr as a whole , the face of the party is not the entire political party . 
  but perhaps you are right , perhaps what is right wing has moved somewhat over the last year and a half .
