  you 're confusing my wanting to allow opposing opinions ( mass downvoting anything that is n't popular ) with agreeing with his point . 
  it used to be a pretty great place for discussion . 
  since it was made a default and americans flocked here due to the whiff of war in the air , it has gone to shit . 
  do n't bother trying to give a dissenting opinion in here , it does n't work . 
  jesus christ , you are terrible at this . 
  ok , let 's take your initial post to it 's ( your ) logical conclusion . 
  russia has 50 % more incidences than america . 
  however , both have 100 % more than almost every other nation on earth . 
  so . .  planes have a habit of falling out of the sky when russia or america is involved . 
  there . 
  now your dumb post is , at least , a little more factual . 
  you made a gross exaggeration from a place of moral superiority ( hypocrisy in your case ) about the situation in question . 
  you can hammer the downvote button and try to move the goal posts all you want . 
  my response was not in support of russian military action or foreign policy it was an attack on your shit-posting . 
  you took the position of higher moral standing with regards to russian forces attacking civilians . 
  i pointed out the hypocrisy by highlighting one of many situations in which american forces did the same . 
  are you going to now go and do some tragedy accounting to quantify the chances for you being able to keep the moral high ground versus russia ? 
  if you 're going to shit-post then someone is going to call you on it . 
  or , maybe it 's just good to point out hypocritical bullshit on the internet sometimes . 
  apologies if it interferes with the circle - jerk . 
  you may notice i did n't try to qualify russia 's behaviour so it 's not really `` whataboutism '', 
  [ is that right ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ), 
  a term derived from pre-roman sources and popularised in recent history by imperialists with an agenda . 
  it was n't used for over a millennia until they appropriated it . 
  british isles is a political term that was used by imperialists and our entry and exit from the empire was considerably more . . troubled . 
  so you 're condemning poor teenagers to a weapon-less life of potential rape ? 
  what 's your criteria for who gets the weapons ? 
  is it based on attractiveness ? 
  homeless people and children are the most vulnerable in society . 
  we should arm them accordingly . 
  well , if they 're experienced professionals they could move here . 
  the issue here is that there is next to no opportunities for young people to kick - start their career . 
  extra positions are n't there , entry level positions are lost to government funded internships that allow employers a revolving door of free labour and let the state obfuscate our real unemployment figures . 
  we had a 15/20 year period where we did n't haemorrhage young people . 
  just surviving is not a great way of life . 
  not for their home countries ' it 's not . 
  the extremities of europe could become quite grim if exporting youth continues to be the only answer to current problems . 
  people start new lives , they have families , careers etc. 
  a lot of those people are never going home again . 
  i 'd rather we joined a cohesive eu defence force that was mandated to protect eu borders , provide humanitarian assistance and cover crisis management for the region . 
  the servers in question are in a sovereign eu country . 
  this should n't even be up for debate . 
  i hear they have horns , too . 
   irish people lack the moral courage those in eastern eu states are forced to have by the soviet legacy and russian menace . 
  you may want to pick up a history book about your own country . 
  as you were , so . 
  i only want what 's best for you !, 
  nifty app if it managed all that grammar and your accent without any post editing . 
  why would you respond to such an obvious troll and with a wall of text as well . 
  this is not your first day on the internet . 
   the eu is a weak military power the eu dwarfs russia in military spending , it 's just not cohesive and lacks the logistics of the likes of america . 
  but then , american logistics are helped by having bases in almost every corner of the globe . 
  also , carriers . 
  [ you ] ( http://ahalmeida.files.wordpress.com/2011/09/cypher.jpg ) edit : also , your logic is deeply flawed, 
  the us has owned europe since the end of ww2 . 
  we do n't get to say shit . 
  [ link ] ( http://www.irishcentral.com/news/plan-to-build-84-million-islamic-center-in-dublin-to-host-40000-muslims-in-the-city-172632091-237754131.html#ixzz28plglfy4 ) last i heard they had been granted planning permission . 
  gah , cheers anyway . 
  i 'll have a sniff around the net for it . 
  i 'm just interested in finding out who 's behind the funding of the new massive muslim centre planned for dublin . 
  the biggest in europe apparently . 
  any way to figure out which developments they 've funded ? 
  link to the doc ? 
  i ca n't answer that fully but i can tell you that south africans have a tough/annyoing time getting around europe , judging by my brother 's gf . 
  christmas is a hodge podge of much older traditions and rituals that christianity co-opted . 
  some going back before the first priests ever stalked the lands . 
  as an atheist , who loves christmas dinner , i have no problem celebrating . 
  when a university is banning protests then you know something is really not right with the current status quo, 
   maybe our government is more scared of us than yours is of you . 
  might explain the draconian surveillance/internet laws, 
  do n't get me wrong , having just two parties is ridiculous . 
  but , most of us are getting screwed even with multiple parties . 
  a career politician is a career politician . 
  like it has for the rest of us ? 
  yes ... a masterful troll ... indeed . 
  and no one said that . 
  well , your post did not say that and the rest of it still contains a fair amount of naive nationalism . 
   the us became a powerhouse because it was founded on freedom , liberty , and equality seriously ? 
   our incessant drive to maximize security on behalf of liberty do you honestly believe that ? 
  ah right , well you 're obviously an authority on holidaying in ireland so . 
  sounds like someone came to ireland and managed to be the only person to sit in an irish pub and no one talked to him . 
  his departure wo n't change anything . 
  there 's no friends ( in the true sense of the word ) in international relations . 
   azerbaijan surely there needs to be some reforms there before membership is even considered ? 
  what is it with folks from nordic countries feeling the need to constantly go on about how they live in the best place on earth ? 
  is there no word for ` obnoxious ' up there ? 
  congratulations , not only have you failed to back up your point with any evidence or refute mine , you 've also gone a step further in showing yourself as quite an ignorant little fellow . 
   also , racism ? 
  towards white people from a white person ? 
  sure . 
  read some european history or even just a newspaper this week . 
   d\u00e6\u00f8lda\u00e6slfmlsamgklsmfklamdf\u00e6 , but pronounced `` linda '' . 
  this is so mindbogglingly thick that i do n't even . 
  you 're obviously not that well travelled or you 're quite young/stupid . 
   there are no countries in europe with higher numbers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_europe#sweden_2 http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2010/sep/07/immigration-europe-foreign-citizens#  are you drunk ? 
  nice bit of casual racism to back up your point ? 
  says the swede with one of the lower immigration numbers and stronger economies . 
  they 're all pretty blatant , you 're just getting the western narrative for the most part . 
  why , on earth , would the cash value have made this any more or less of a news story ?
