( have a problem , take an appointment and come back in 2 months 2 months ?? 
  check out fancy pants over here !, 
   but then being part of the entitlement generation that 's hilarious . 
  you 're a gobshite, 
  welcome to ireland . 
  you 're being a bit overly verbose considering i 've agreed twice with the need for the eu to up it 's capabilities and cohesion . 
   get one or two missiles through the moscow adm system ? 
  can you link me to some papers or articles that show the russian adm being able to negate 99 % of the eu 's nuclear arsenal ? 
  as for the flights increase and the swedish incident , i 'm still inclined to believe it 's just more of the same sabre rattling / reaction / penetration testing that has been common place for years . 
  yeah , this is the first i 've heard . 
  yes , the eu defence capabilities could probably do with some upgrades and as i already pointed out , i 'd like to see a big increase in cohesion . 
  however , we simply have no need to go into a perpetual war state like america . 
  i can tell you right off the bat that no one in europe envies your forever war even if it has provided you with an impressive military . 
  attacking the eu would be suicide for russia ( mutual suicide ) . 
  the increase in posts here about russian planes flying the same way they have for years now is simply sabre rattling from the scared and the war hawks . 
  true and that 's a factor i did not consider but the american chap up there and his post makes it seem like the eu states are sharpening sticks in comparison to the great danger that is russia . 
  the huge difference in spending ca n't possibly be on wages alone . 
  it 's not but it means something and you 've neatly ignored it in your arm chair general diatribe . 
  the uk and france alone out-spend russia . 
  yes , i 'd like to see a more cohesive eu defence structure . 
  i 'd also like to see that as the end of our participation in nato and for all american bases in the region to be dismantled . 
  this is hilarious but the answer is your friends are full of shit . 
  the eu defence budget dwarfs the russian one . 
  it is n't ? 
  i thought the ecb was there to feed our children to it ? 
  why are you replying twice in two different posts to people ? 
  they hate you because you touch yourself . 
  weirdos . 
  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2083089/ the expert cited in that article has come under quite the fire from his peers as has the findings of the study involved as evidenced in that very article, 
  10/10 you 've trolled about half the people in this thread . 
  should probably add the 90 's to that , in fairness . 
  that 's all perfectly reasonable but tax breaks for the very wealthy under the guise of protecting ` job creators ' is bullshit . 
  ireland should be offering incentives and infrastructure for start-up , r&d and other actual high-skill / wage employment as opposed to call centres ( who mostly employ from their own staff or source non-natives for the language skills ) with high-turnover so multinationals could play tax dodge . 
  you did n't just pull a `` job creators '' did you ? 
  have they released a road-map for infrastructure upgrades ? 
  that 's an impressive stack of links and resources . 
  however , the topic had nothing to do with human rights abuses . 
  i think it 's clear you have no counter-point to make and need to nip at different parts of my posts ( failing dramatically at every turn ) in order to argue against something you do n't like seeing posted but have no way of disproving or at the very least ridiculing in an interesting or insightful manner . 
  when * north korea * is used to prove that america does n't have the most militaristic culture that i know of . . i 'm going to reply by taking the piss a little . 
  guilty . 
  we could use gun crime statistics and fire-arms laws , we could use countless examples of hero-worship with regards to your military and its personnel , we could examine cultural output ; movies and tv shows in particular . 
  we could look at geopolitics and the american military industrial complex , there 's a lot of things we could look at . 
  it 's 1am here so bear with me if i do n't provide the qualitative or quantitative data you propose i should . 
  but the funny part is that you 're telling me that the us is not the most militaristic culture i can think of . 
  which tells me you know more than me about what i am thinking and that there is another i should be aware of . 
  the above poster cited north korea , do you agree with them ? 
   all you 're really saying is `` the us has a militaristic culture '' , which does n't really say anything no , i know exactly what i said and what it meant . 
  `` the us has the most militaristic culture that i know of '', 
  well , i guess if you have to draw on a crack-pot authoritian regime with a hereditary line based on a god mythos and a starving population forced into military service . . well , i guess in that case * ok . * edit : but do you have any proof that north korea has an active martial culture like the us ? 
  it has the most militaristic culture i can think of . 
  he 's american , they 're all strategic experts . 
  know your place . 
  there was irishmen fighting in the british army during ww2 and ww1 , for that matter . 
  one of them was an raf fighter ace . 
  you knick-named him ` paddy ' . 
  how delightfully british . 
  we were a tiny nation just beginning to come out from under the oppressive boot of the british empire at the time . 
  the mere fact that you dangled leaving us alone as an incentive that would be offered post-assistance speaks volumes . 
   more sort of thinking about the 8 million jews that needed help and the other europeans who were being slaughtered the noble empire has its share of blood on its hands . 
  this is a history discussion after all , yeah ? 
  it 's true , ireland has a horrifying history of mistreating england . 
  well , it 's not like they had a platform to campaign for scottish and liverpudlian independence . 
  i think you do a disservice to your fellow countrymen to tarnish their wish for independence as '' nationalism '' , especially considering how obviously coloured you are using that term . 
  i 'm a fan of colourful phrasing . 
  we take great pride in it , where i come from . 
  glad to see your bone of contention was in the delivery over the substance , though . 
  the telegraph is [ britian 's fox news ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/11087310/the-queen-loves-scotland.-who-would-wrench-it-from-her.html ) , just with better command of the language . 
  an american posting anti- german rhetoric from a conservative english paper that decries both europe and scottish independence . 
  this would appear to be the latest bone to gnaw on for our american guests in / r/europe . 
  post-colonial colonists in the age of globalisation . 
  separate from the main paragraph and even ended with `` either '' . 
  are you a fucking idiot who does not understand context or paragraphing or even simple reading comprehension ? 
  i 'm trying not to dismiss people out-right as trolls/idiots in an effort to get some points of view that get lost in the downvote brigading but i think you might be right on this one . 
   that 's pretty desperate . 
  reddit stats show the typical users and very few if any lived through wwii . 
  i never said they , personally , lived through the war and you 're still making assumptions about the people posting . 
   lol . 
  so does the was of 1812 still fuck with the psyche of people from dc ? 
  no because it 's just history . 
  you do n't think it has had an impact on the cultural narrative of americans ? 
   yes and you just happen to agree with everything they say . 
  you 're getting very desperate and only confirming that you 're upset about the circlejerk being interrupted . 
  have you considered not using american websites if americans anger you so much ? 
  this is all just c grade shit-posting that does n't need any kind of response . 
  your continuing insistence on using assumptions of those you argue against ( e.g teenagers ) makes it pretty hard to even begin to bother giving anything you type any kind of credence . 
  you 're also ignoring the impact of war on a nation 's soil having a factor in the psyche . 
  education , culture and mindset of its people . 
  you 're also calling it my circle-jerk . 
  i 'm not german , the little flag gives it away . 
  i * am * irish though and i see all around me the affect that colonisation has had on my country and its people . 
  it permeates even small facets of our society and while i do n't walk passed memorials to the destruction witnessed in a world war , i can empathise with those german posters you are so quick to dismiss . 
  lay some more facts on me . 
  what mindless circle-jerk would that be ? 
  and for that matter , which facts ? 
  the last sentence regarding default status was an aside . 
  it was in reference to most subs plummeting in quality once they get default status . 
  i 'm aware that it is ip based . 
  i 've said it in another thread as well . 
  / r/europe and the dicussions that used to take place here are being ruined by the influx of americans who sniff a chance to play warhawk on the internet . 
  becoming a default sub does not seem to have helped much either .
