  well then i tried it after it got bad maybe . 
  still i stand by my opinion . 
  british chocolate is disgusting anyway . 
  belgian or swiss all the way . 
  as someone who currently lives in nottingham i agree with you , i think she was just impolite when ordering her drink . 
  i 've lived there for a couple months now , i openly speak french with my colleagues when we go out and we 've never had anything said to us . 
  i think there was one time on the tram a couple of oldies looked at us funny but they stopped when i started talking about ** les vieux racistes qui nous regardent bizarrement ** . 
  we do get the odd look now and then , but so far i have n't felt unwelcomed at all ( maybe it 's because i got here after brexit and did n't see what it was like before ) . 
  we lost too quickly . 
  she 's not the first , she wo n't be the last . 
  well france and germany are finally united . 
  i guess we should thank the islamists . 
  what he meant was that we 're not going to stop the eu project because the uk decided it wanted out . 
  or at least that 's how i understand it . 
  now you may argue that continuing on the same path after the result of the vote is idiotic ( i agree ) but it does n't mean we should stop . 
  the great 5 ( britain , france , prussia , austria and russia ) worked hard to weaken it and basically survive on the verge of collapse for about a century , a century in half before it 's official end . 
  and that i 'm a huge mumbler when i speak french . 
  my colleagues call it * faire le parisien * . 
  and stop mumbling ffs . 
  honestly , sometimes i feel like they do it on purpose . 
  poland was not the only country that helped jews ... you can also find examples across europe ( just as you could find anti-jews sentiments across the world ) . 
  in any case just because polish people did one good thing during the war , it does n't mean that everybody was on the side of the angels . 
  you should have a look at u/fliccc comment , quite interesting in that way . 
  i said that britain was an island and in any case northern ireland is also on a island . 
  try understanding the comment you 're replying to next time , you wo n't look like a fool this way , 
  i 'm not ok with it . 
  france and germany should be together , it 's our destiny . 
  or they can cross the rhine or through belgium . 
  the point us that it 's quite easy to control the migration flux when you 're an island . 
  yesterday i read in the guardian that the usa was the country of the anti slavery movement , the suffragette , workers ' rights and civil rights . 
  they should phase out the entire newspaper if they are going to publish shit like that . 
  wait are you telling me they did n't update the article since the 60s ? 
  algeria has been a sovereign country for a long time now ... and they say the eu is slow . 
  can we please put the argument that britain is overrun by migrants to rest ? 
  it 's absolutely not the case . 
  britain being an island can control its borders more effectively than any continental member states . 
  leaving the eu is not going to reduce the number of migrants from the commonwealth nor will it stop others to want to reach the uk . 
  i understand and agree that we should all do our best to limit and control the flow of migrants , but it 's not going to happen by severing the links with the continent - unless the british somehow manage to push their little island in the middle of the atlantic . 
  ( this is not targeted at you especially but more to your argument , have a good day ) . 
  and france . 
  why do people always forget our failures ? 
  i do n't give a flying rat 's ass . 
  although it 's always funny to piss off people ( especially the brits ) . 
  or france where people are still protesting against it even though it 's most likely not going anywhere . 
  poor is the keyword here . 
  and it 's not damaging to us too much . 
  back the fuck down , wallonia is ours . 
  because she 's got the most experience quite simply , and not only compared to trump . 
  she 's been first lady , senator , and secretary of state . 
  i do n't know a lot of people with those credentials . 
  the fact that she 's not a good person would not stop me from voting for her . 
  if setting up charities is being a good person then sign zuckerberg up . 
  seriously though , i do n't believe she 's a good person but that 's not something that would stop me from voting for her ( does that make sense ? ) . 
  she 's got the experience and i 'm like 98 % sure she 's ruthless which is always good to have on your side . 
  is hillary a good person ? 
  absolutely not . 
  wouk she make a good president ? 
  i believe so . 
  i 'm not really worried about laicit\u00e9 , it 's deeply entrenched in what it means to be french . 
  religion belongs in the private sphere and i 'm sure the majority of french people would agree ( including muslims ) . 
  however you 're right on the other two points , we need to try and reform the labour market and much more ( basically stop being so dependent on the cdi for everything ) . 
  it made china look petty in the west sure , but that was n't really the point since it was purely aimed at the national audience ( it being on home soil and all that ) . 
  you 're funny . 
  i could n't care less whether the uk feels slighted or not , i 'm interested in what is produces . 
  this is how diplomacy works , open a book , educate yourself on the matter and you 'll understand what that means . 
  i provided historical precedents . 
  it 's just how diplomacy works . 
  i do n't care how it is perceived , it is a snub whether we like it or not . 
  it 's pretty much the same . 
  in 1840 , france was not invited and made aware of the july convention which aimed to solve the turco-egyptian crisis . 
  france threw a fit about it . 
  earlier this month , obama was given the diplomatic middle finger by the chinese at the g20 summit . 
  he decided to let it go . 
  whatever britain 's reaction may be does n't matter . 
  the country is no longer welcomed to shape the union , as the original comment said that 's a first . 
  now you may argue that britain has no place to make decisions about the future of the eu , but as of now they are still members and decisions may be taken which could affect the immediate nature of the eu . 
  tldr : whether you do n't see it as a snub is irrelevant , diplomatically it is . 
  in diplomacy that 's pretty much the same . 
  i do n't know why they did n't label it a crime against fashion rather than a religious display . 
  nobody should be allowed to leave the house dressed like that , male or female , bigot or not . 
  but why should the state be entitled to a share of my family 's money ? 
  it 's not stolen money , someone worked hard for it and they paid taxes on it as well . 
  transferable wealth is one of the basis of our civilisation . 
  inheritance has existed for hundreds of years , why should we change it because it 's not fair ? 
  there 's never going to be any fairness in this world because it 's against human nature , the sooner we accept it the better off well be . 
  most likely because he/she is not in a situation where they will come to inherit a significant estate . 
  they also probably do not know that the people who inherit a significant estate are those who pay almost zero taxes because they have experts handling their money . 
  i personally believe that there should be no inheritance tax , especially since those assets have or should have been taxed already . 
  now , some people may think it 's not fair because it would foster inequality but let 's face it life is n't fair . 
  what do i know , everyone keep banging on about the fact that we beat the previous record which was 41 medals at beijing . 
  to be frank , they were salty in 2012 as well . 
  although now they 're starting to understand that the reasons for team gb 's medal counts can be found behind the amount invested . 
  one guy on tv said the british cycling team had 10 times the money of the french team , with a lot of it spent of r&d . ( also , british athletes may not quit after their first lose/bad performance . 
  we 're coming back from rio with at least 42 , our new record . 
  people are arguing about what you can and can not wear on the beach , because apparently that 's important . 
  i do n't know what were going to do with all this fear . 
  maybe bottle it and ship it abroad ? 
  that could be a way to make some monies . 
  people selling flowers and flag do n't complain too much either . 
  also , war is not a bad way to jump start an economy , however unconventional this may be .
