  or be an european citizen under 26 . 
  or pay the fee considering what you can see for the price . 
  we do not have an ethnic understanding of nationality in france . 
  it 's linked to values and culture . 
  we do not talk about ethnicity . 
  he also said he would get rid of the ministers ' court , which is only capable of carrying justice on the wrongdoings of former ministers during their time in office . 
  this was after the verdict for lagarde was made public . 
  because they 're bored ? 
  is this why aldi is shite in france ? 
  because i much prefer lidl and they keep building new ones . 
  i like both . 
  look at us being all civil and nice as fuck . 
  oh i was talking about the 18th and 19th centuries . 
  but yeah sykes-pico kinda shit the bed . 
  the middle east quickly became britain 's sphere of influence . 
  france was in northern africa as early as the 1830s . 
  now , france did have a better relationship with the ottomans earlier on than the rest of the europeans powers , but this was commercial in nature . 
  it 's very nice of you to cut a sentence in half and completely change its meaning . 
  you 'd do great at the daily mail , you should send in a resume . 
  as the lovely german below already told you , a no go zone implies that the police can not go there . 
  i 'm not the police . 
  i 've seen that video and in no way do they talk about it being a no go zone . 
  it 's in a cit\u00e9 . 
  as my fellow frenchman said , there is no such thing as no go zones . 
  there are places where you would n't go at night alone but that 's true everywhere . 
  now i 'm not saying it is n't appalling , because i was appalled when i watched the video but calling it a no go zone is ridiculous . 
  then again it 's the telegraph . 
  i mean it 's nothing new . 
  britain has meddled in the region for far longer than the usa have for that matters . 
  all the best countries !, 
  god they suck . 
  it 's the new shrug emoji . 
  i wanted to use the reddit one but i 'm on mobile . 
  france was supposed to be but \u2642, 
  like every other week . 
  or so i like to believe . 
  the mps will just vote it down or just add enough d'amendements that it ends up being an empty shell . 
  i do n't think so . 
  as far as i know paris is defined as the 20 arrondissements . 
  however it is true that paris is both a municipality and a d\u00e9partement . 
  i think people get confused by the term region parisienne , which is an informal name for ile de france and not anything like greater london . 
  edit : apparently grand paris does exist since the beginning of the year and is more or less a paris + the petite couronne ( the first ring of d\u00e9partements around a paris ) and the airports . 
  but that still makes only 6 millions people , which is far away from london . 
  depends if you want the grand paris or paris intra-muros . 
  in the first case , yes they 're more or less the same size but the grand paris does not exist yet . 
  basically 2 millions in paris itself but 17 millions metro . 
  but wikipedia appears to be an it confused on the numbers . 
  they can always burn virgins . 
  and yes that 's a reference to jeanne d'arc . 
  what i mean is that the definition of europe can be very lose at times . 
  russia may be geographically in europe but it is not european politically speaking . 
  turkey is the gateway to europe and although they can not into eu they 're still part of europe in a very broad meaning , much like russia . 
  basically unwilling can infer that they would rather not have to face this option . 
  however i do n't necessarily agree with that interpretation in this case . 
  neither are the dutch . 
  the bourbons and the bonapartes . 
  i 'm just going to name those two dynasties . 
  what you should have said was that france did not have a dictatorship during the 20th century . 
  and even then someone might argue petain . 
  the election is in may and it 's a 2 rounds system . 
  you can not compare brexit or trump 's election to our election . 
  it 's completely different . 
  for all we know m\u00e9lanchon will make it past le pen or something else will happen . 
  furthermore , the left will take it in the ass and call people to vote for the non-fn candidate if le pen makes it to the second round . 
  however , depending how the next presidency goes we might have to worry about her in 2022 . 
  but she wo n't be able to send her children to school for free !!!!, 
  history is inevitable . 
  what you are referring to is fate . 
  a return ticket from my town to paris is 14 or 16 $ . 
  i pay something like 300 $ a year for unlimited travels everyday in \u00cele de france . 
  oh and i do n't pay july and august since i 'm a student . 
  it 's really not that expensive although until 2 years i was paying 700 $ a year for the same service . 
  my bad, 
  we 're in the top 10 of something positive . 
  history has already happened when it 's written . 
  what you refer to is teleology . 
  well yes it is . 
  it literally is . 
  well at least we know he uses condoms and that he reads . 
  accents are not a problem . 
  a terrible grammar is , as you end up with something that makes non sense or very heavy/hard to process . 
  it checks out . 
  nothing to see here . 
  i agree , hillary lost because she is hillary clinton . 
  her being a woman probably played very little part in her defeat . 
  the outdated electoral system is more at fault than her lacking a penis . 
  have you seen the headlines in france ? 
  a lot of them are positive today , at least more than they 've been in the last 4 years . 
  it 's because they 're trying to catch up all those years they missed out on . 
  i think . 
  they need them clicks . 
  it sells to declare the doom of the eu every few weeks . 
  no it is n't . 
  france is n't the eu in the same way that germany is n't either . 
  granted we are the country with the most diplomatic power ( with the uk ) but still . 
  they 've been trying so hard to smear france it 's almost funny . 
  i never said it was a smart plan . 
  but basically the idea was to push assad over the edge with a few bombings and let the syrians sort their shit out . 
  he was planning air strikes much earlier than they actually started . 
  in 2013 i think , but as you said obama and the uk backed out .
