  repeatedly . 
  so make voting mandatory ? 
  or offer a gift card or something if you can prove you can vote . 
  german cars ca n't melt french tunnels ? 
  am i doing this right ? 
  if you ca n't read you can not read the manifestos for yourself and rely on others to gather information . 
  therefore , you can not make an informed decision . 
  also what 's the literacy rate in europe now ? 
  i would be surprised if it were bellow 90 % . 
  they can always make a new deal or keep the current status quo . 
  this would also put the eu issue for quite a while . 
  leaving the eu is not feasible because of the economic and social repercussions . 
  maybe young people vote less because they feel disenfranchised ? 
  i 've had a look at all the manifesto of france 's past two elections ( region and departement ) and i do n't recall seeing a single proposal aimed at the youth . 
  in fact , unless you were old or had children there was nothing for you . 
  of course , maybe parties do n't offer anything to the youth because they do n't vote but then it becomes a chicken and egg problem . 
  making voting a duty for young citizens could be a solution . 
  that 's probably the most ridiculous part . 
  so the uk will be paying even less than right now , but the british subjects will retain the rights of free movement whilst the rest of europe will have to wait in the queue to enter the country . 
  like that 's ever going to happen . 
  they really do behave like they should be treated like princesses ... 
  it seems only the boe had a plan . 
  well idk . 
  on thursday i went to sleep at 1 am thinking the uk would stay in the eu and when i woke up they were out . 
  maybe it 's jus the british who are the * snails * . 
  i thought you meant legal precedent . 
  that 's actually brilliant , but i do n't think the eu works under common law and as such no such thing as a precedent . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  let me check to see if i 've made an ass of myself . 
  edit : after some quick research i 'm still unsure whether eu law is common or civil law . 
  it appears to be edging closer to civil law however . 
  the french also get their results relatively quickly . 
  i do n't remember the last time we got an accurate election result after midnight ( and i 'm just saying that to be safe because it 's usually 9 pm when they are allowed to give the results ) . 
  because that 's what they should have done in the first place . 
  the uk commission on the brexit also prepared for that when they argued that you could back out at any time . 
  it would be really dumb for any country to reconsider their membership now . 
  best to wait how the brexit pans out , and even then leaving the eu for euro zone members would likely have serious economic consequences . 
  then i say have the queen ride into parliament on a white unicorn , declare this whole democracy over and that she shall henceforth rule supreme . 
  she will also be rotating the position of pm between her corgies . 
  please note that i was referring to concerns about the downfall of the british empire during the 18th and 19th centuries , and not the 20th century like you do . 
  your grasp of the structure of the british empire appears to be pretty poor , as you 're are comparing white colonies to the rest of the empire . 
  surprised you did n't bring the informal empire into the fold . 
  this report , which is very comprehensive , reinforces my belief that an inquiry should have been launched on the pros and cons of the eu for the uk . 
  he has , as we say in france , * les dents qui rayent le parquet * . 
  he 's very ambitious . 
  however , the eu needs to reform itself . 
  i think this was more in the sense of : we 've started the eu , we have to take responsibility for its current situation . 
  it does n't mean the other members wo n't be included at a later period . 
  also , it 's probably a lot easier to hold an efficient talk with 6 than with 27 persons in the room . 
  thank you . 
  a lot of people use the fn as a contestation vote . 
  if this were n't the case , they 'd have more than a few elected representatives . 
  edit : btw what is posh crimea ? 
   honestly , i feel like it might be time to reform the whole working unsc . 
  the world has changed a lot in the past 70 + years . 
  who knows , but leavers would have a legitimate reason to ask for it . 
  what us certain is that all parties need to find a way out of this shit storm . 
  then why does france have one ? 
  the queen is apolotical . 
  she 's neither remain nor leave . 
  as for elizabeth , we 'll never know her opinion because of the above . 
  unless she 's recorded her opinion in her dairies , in which case we may learn about her opinion about 50 years after her death . 
  calling a new government now would be a pretty dangerous gamble imo ( as was voting leave ... ) . 
  it may be better to take some time to cool off instead of rushing into hasty and emotional decisions . 
  then again i 'm not an expert in british politics so i could be completely wrong . 
  `` the professor of politics at the university of strathclyde added : `` if boris johnson is running the government and it ( disengagement from the eu ) is taking a long time to be implemented , two years down the line we could have another poll showing people actually want to reverse the decision and remain in . '', 
  this paragraph is very interesting and more likely than a second vote in the coming weeks . 
  btw this is not a eu rule but a system put in place by westminster . 
  furthermore , you can apparently check each individual signature by looking at the database . 
  lastly , the uk is the 6th largest economy behind france since yesterday . 
  that article 50 must be triggered asap . 
  our prime minister has said a few months that in the event of a brexit , the borders between the uk and france will be moved back to dover ( torquay agreement ) , and probably a lot more . 
  hollande is most likely a lame duck as well ( his own party will organise primaries and he 's very low in the polls ) , so it could get very very nasty . 
  oh and we like to stick to the english . 
  we have be uneasy allies since 1815 . 
  i am not against the idea to gradually move toward a closer union however it should be gradual . 
  as some have said , the people have to be educated about its benefits , populations need to interact more than they do right now ( by extending the erasmus program and build the closer union upon a fresh generation of true europeans ) . 
  realistically , a closer union is not the right move right now . 
  we should stop new memberships , except for special cases like scotland , and work toward putting the current members on a more equal footing . 
  it took a few decades to reach this point , and it may take as many to achieve a closer union . 
  edit : i 've been reading the comments in this thread and the concensus appears to me `` not the right time '' rather than `` hell to the no '' . 
  i find that interesting . 
  it 's even funnier that a lot of concerns about the british empire in the 18th and 19th centuries centred around the fear that it would go the way of rome and collapse on itself . 
  oh look , here we have an excellent expert in statistics !, 
  his answer must certainly be based upon analysed and weight facts . 
  god i wonder what being a moron feels like . 
  ignorance is bliss i guess . 
  i do n't want to burst your bubble , but ukip had very little to do with the outcome of the referendum . 
  eurosceptism is ingrained , so to speak , in britain 's identity ( you should read linda colley 's britons : forging the nation ) . 
  i also feel like you 're rushing off a bit in your predictions for france 's political future . 
  this referendum , and the 2015 general election , have proved that polls can and will be wrong . 
  however i do agree with you that there is a polarisation of politics ( which can be seen across the world ) , which i would argue stems from the gradual shift of the left and right to the centre . 
  edit : also in 6 years the eu will either be dead in the water with us , or back on track . 
  i 'm not saying this is what should have been done , but rather that sometimes it might be beneficial to the greater good to let experts make the decision ( which we do every day already ) . 
  some people have a hard time understanding that because somebody is more knowledgeable on a subject than you , it does n't make you an idiot . 
  kinda makes you think that sometimes it 's best not to ask the people 's opinion , however much it hurts to admit it and how dangerous it could be . 
  as many have already said , 72 % is a very good participation rating . 
  the closeness of the result should be of more concerned and the effects it may have on the unity of the people . 
  how many families will fight during family dinners about the results ? 
  thank god christmas is still 6 months away or it would have been a bloodbath .
