  these 3rd generation are the worse , they refuse to identify as french because they feel like they 're portuguese or algerian or moroccan , when in fact they 're not . 
  immigration is not black and white , there are a lot of gray areas . 
  the government policy is to blame , but so are those 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants who somehow refuse to integrate when their parents did . 
  in fact , most of the terrorists correspond to this category ( except the last one but this one seems off to me ) . 
  it 's a poll , done by a right wing newspaper . 
  the results are not surprising tbh . 
  thanks . 
  so potentially parliament could play a game of ping pong with any referendum ? 
  overruling it 's previous decision over and over . 
  i may not be a psychologist but you sure would benefit from seeing one from time to time . 
  also , you should start removing your tinfoil hat at least 1h per day , you know to let your brainwaves breathe . 
  what i can prove , without providing any links ( which another lovely redditor just did btw ) , is that this picture was taken the night of the euro final . 
  how do i know that ? 
  first , it 's written on the screen and second that 's evra and renato sanches ( i think it 's kinda blurry ) . 
  thirdly , it also was widely reported on the night of the final on 10 july . 
  you may have known this if you had n't spent your night on the streets , blindly believing that the government give a single fuck about a bunch of hippies . 
  so yeah , i 'll believe what i want especially since , as you say , ` everything is alright out there . ', 
  and parliament can decide to make a referendum binding no ? 
  i thought the indyref mki was made legally binding ? 
  but this has nothing to do with the picture you posted . 
  you 're clearly deluded and only interested in distorting the truth in order to make a statement . 
  this picture does not show poor militants defending their rights against the big bad wolf government but annoyed and probably drunken fans being refused entry into the fan zone and reacting violently . 
  it 's ok that you want to make a political statement against the reform , but at least do not misrepresent the facts . 
  lest you want to look like an idiot of course . 
  also , linking to articles in french is the surest way to be ignored by the majority of people ( although in this case you may not have had a choice ) . 
  sorry to break it to you , but you 're just plain wrong . 
  this picture clearly shows that this was taken during the euro final , which happened in july . 
  you 're linking to articles from june . 
  as i said , from what i gathered those had nothing to do with the labour reform but disgruntled fans who got mad when they were refused entry into the fan zone . 
  i went to beauval on the 15th ( the zoo with the pandas ) . 
  it was at full capacity ( 50k ) and i did n't see anyone even remotely worried or concerned . 
  foreigners are scared , but french people are not . 
  we 're still going to the beach , we 're still going to have fun . 
  if the government had any brains , they 'd make keep calm and carry on type of poster and make big money . 
  something along the line of * fuck it and pass the wine * . 
  edit : i may have given somebody an excellent business idea . 
  meh i 'm too lazy to do anything about it anyway . 
  i do n't think so . 
  from what i gathered , this was during the final , the area was at capacity and fans got mad because they were refused entry . 
  do you really have to rain on our parade ? 
  ( i 'm not attacking you i just want to lighten the mood ) . 
  from what i understand , it can be whatever you want it to be . 
  that 's the beauty of the british system ( no sarcasm intended ) . 
  that may be because they did . 
  the uk press and government will just blame it on the eu by constantly repeating that the eu would n't give them an excellent deal where they would have all the benefits of the eu but none of the obligations . 
  thanks , but i 'm actually planning to slowly add french words to the english language , so that eventually english will be the new french . 
  it 's also been reported by tf1 at 8 pm tonight . 
  they went and asked his father . 
  no thank you . 
  it 's the same answer i 've given when i was 16 , 18 , and today . 
  you do n't need more personnel , but better trained one and in any case you do n't need more military but more police force and better renseignements . 
  the most worrying is probably western medias ( or at least french ) playing into the narrative . 
  even if there is no conspiracy or anything , the whole situation is extremely suspicious . 
  at this rate , i would n't be surprised if erdogan crowned himself sultan before the end of the year . 
  nothing against the spanish per se but rather that we ca n't have a monarch born on foreign soil and that they surrendered their rights to the throne in 1713 . 
  it would be nice to have a monarch as head of state of the eu . 
  we could elect it like the polish did back in the days . 
  france has the most for one single kingdom with bourbon , orl\u00e9ans , and bonaparte pretenders . 
  if we ever restore the monarchy , it 's going to be a mess finding a monarch . 
  technically the legitimists can not inherit the throne because phillip v of spain gave up his rights to the french throne and they are also spanish so no thank you . 
  the bonapartes ca n't even agree between themselves about the head of their house . 
  the orl\u00e9ans would n't be too bad but the head of the house is fucking scary-looking . 
  you ca n't have a king scaring the children . 
  i think it 's best if we keep the republic i guess . 
  that 's so an viii . 
  there 's no point to call an election right now , when the presidential and legislatives are less than a year . 
  it would only add to the instability . 
  i may get down voted for it but i agree with her . 
  if you ask a yes or no question , people are going to use it to make some kind of statement against the government , the migrants , their mothers . 
  the title is wrong anyway , what she said is that ** there wo n't be a yes or no question ** should we be asked our opinion on the eu but rather we 'd be asked what kind of eu we want . 
  this is completely different from what the title implies . 
  democracy does not necessarily mean asking people 's opinion , sometimes it means acting in their best interests against their opinion . 
  ( in any case we 're not even close to a democracy ) . 
  edit : also who the fuck cares that she is the mother of hollande 's children ? 
  this title make it sound like it 's her best achievement . 
  she was a distinguished minister , as well as the first woman to reach the 2nd turn in a presidential election ( i think ) . 
  it 's like the person who made the title is trying to shoot himself in the foot . 
  he should not resign when the election is a few months away . 
  it would make the situation even worse in france . 
  also , french presidents do not resign . 
  they either die on the job , lose an election , or serve 2 mandates . 
  that was before , when we had enemies left and right . 
  germany was only one of our enemies , then you had britain , austria , russia , spain , the usa ( shortly ) , italy . 
  god , we did n't have any friends . 
  were we the black sheep of europe ? 
  thanks !, 
  i knew the word , but i do n't know how to write it correctly and did n't want to offend our german friends . 
  that 's an interesting insight , thanks . 
  although , there 's no chanting during our parade . 
  it 's just some troops marching to band music . 
  it 's also very much anchored into the monarchist tradition that seeps into our political life even today . 
  unlike the other countries i mentioned , we also do n't show our entire arsenal but usually less than a dozen . 
  the commentators are also very keen to emphasise the history of each regiment ( such as the meaning of the colours , the flags , where it fought etc. . . ) and that 's probably my favourite thing about it . 
  however , i thought this year they cranked up the whole power thing a notch . 
  they had a demonstration which involved the response to a hostage situation and they used helicopters and shit . 
  on the other hand , you could see it as a way to reassure the citizens that we can potentially deal with such situations . 
  on the whole i agree with you that it 's probably not the best way to celebrate a national day , but i like it . 
  by the way , the uk has a similar parade with [ trooping the colour ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trooping_the_colour ) . 
  the comments on this article are also pretty funny . 
  edit : this is probably one of my favourite !!!,
