  that 's exactly the kind of thing i 'm talking about . 
  but apparently people disagree with me because i 'm not playing into the fear narrative and we have to be afraid . 
  exactly . 
  the media love to report that everyone in france is living in fear of the next attack , cowering behind the couch , but from experience most people are fed up because the security measures are an hindrance to daily life . 
  in my town , they 've put banana plants on the parking spots next to the school , so people have started parking their cars every fucking where . 
  some shortcuts through town have been closed . 
  i 'm not scared , i 'm annoyed that to enter my university 's library i need to walk around the block because they 've closed the most convenient entrance . 
  or that if somehow forget my student card , i ca n't enter the university and just spent 1h on the train for nothing . 
  that and very much focused on the social sciences . 
  thanks for the links btw , i 'd been looking into phds and the eui sounds interesting for me . 
  i did n't know about those two institutions . 
  they also look very interesting but very specialised , i 'd imagine a possible university in strasbourg to be pluridisciplinary . 
  this would be so cool . 
  and honestly , having the first eu university is a lot more prestigious than having the parliament on the third thursday of every 2 weeks . 
  netflix could be amazing if it had an eu wide catalogue instead of national ones . 
  it makes a lot of sense too . 
  this . 
  not publishing their names and likeness has nothing to do with wanting to hide their background . 
  in any case , we know the people perpetuating these attacks are muslims ( culturally or religiously ) because daesh will claim it . 
  i 'd also like it if tv stations would not be so eager to show the dead bodies and blood trails after each attacks . 
  i understand that people have a right to be informed , but i 'm not sure broadcasting dead bodies on the promenade des anglais over and over is the right way to report on something . 
  in my family we eat roast beef and pommes dauphines . 
  the navy and the air force ? 
  sure , but the military that patrols the street ( arm\u00e9e de terre ) is mostly composed of people on a 5 year contract that wo n't be renewed . 
  most of them have no future in the army and therefore give very little fuck . 
  they also do n't have time to train because they have so much to do and lack personnel . 
  in any case , whether they are competent or not to patrol the streets is irrelevant , it 's not their job and it 's not that difficult anyway . 
  no , i just do n't care . 
  whether they are here or not does n't make the streets any safer or the chances of attacks less likely . 
  to some people it 's reassuring but to me it 's a huge waste of money . 
  having the military stationed at every street corner is useless . 
  we should use the money to make the secret services more efficient and create a working framework for european cooperation on intelligence matters . 
  i do n't . 
  until you learn that most of them ca n't shoot anyway . 
  they do n't have time to train anymore . 
  i hate it when the media overplay stuff like this . 
  people were apprehensive after charlie hedbo , but when i heard about the attack on the 15th i was n't that surprised . 
  of course , you 'll always find people who will claim to the media that they are scared to leave home and shit . 
  in any case , it 's not like we have a choice to stay home and live like hermits . 
  and make it eu wide , otherwise it 's useless . 
  the majority of terrorists were born in europe . 
  now you could argue that these refugees/migrants have a chance of turning to terrorism themselves , but i do n't believe it 's fair . 
   have to start checking passengers before they boarded . 
  thats already the case actually . 
  before you even board the eurostar , you have to go through border check and non-eu citizens have to fill out a landing cards . 
  it usually takes a whole 5 mins , add 5 mins to go through security ( 10 if the person in front of you is daft ) . 
  it 's very efficient . 
  the same happened when i took the shuttle . 
  we had to get off the bus and go through customs . 
  when it comes to my own opinion on this agreement between the uk and france , i 'm convinced it 's mutually beneficial in some ways otherwise it would have been scrapped already . 
  hollande may well be reelected . 
  a few months ago , i heard someone say on tv that hollande believed he could be reelected on a misunderstanding . 
  you 're right that 's it 's legal and constitutional but it 's not meant to be used every god damn time . 
  the problem is also that his own party are not voting the motion of no confidence that goes with the triggering of the 49.3 . 
  it 's not an evil power , and it may be useful to get out of a parliamentary deadlock , but the current government uses it every other month or so it seems . 
  i thought he did that last week ? 
  france already have its own nukes . 
  it 's an interesting offer . 
  however , you have to take the husband and the stinky dog . 
  what kind of cat we talking ? 
  young , medium , old ? 
  i went to turkey when i was 10 . 
  it was incredibly hot , the food was excellent , the people too . 
  some dude offered my parents 20 camels in exchange for my sister but they refused . 
  still annoyed i did n't get my own camel , i would have been the king of primary school . 
  edit : some people appear to have been offended , but it was almost certainly a joke , or at the very least we understood it that way . 
  my sister freaked out though . 
  i 'm in nottingham . 
  it 's hot and moist it 's horrible with 28c . 
  i walked to town this morning and i was sweating as soon as i opened the door . 
  if i wanted this kind of weather , i would have gone to the french indies . 
  get your shit together england . 
  `` stable '', 
  i agree with you , but it looks like some people think that to acknowledge that terrorism will not stop means that we 've somehow given up . 
  nothing could have been done with this one really . 
  the guy was alone , showed very little signs that he was radicalised . 
  had he been white , i 'm sure this would have been called the action of a lunatic . 
  i 'm not even convinced pulling out of the me would do the trick . 
  he 's right in that we should learn to live with the idea of terrorism but it does n't mean the state wo n't just sit back , get the popcorn out and enjoy the show . 
  the thing is even if we had the best security services and policemen on every street corner , there would still be terrorist attacks . 
  so what then ? 
  do we cower in our home and stop living or do we keep on living being aware that this may happen at any moment ? 
  i chose to live . 
  or you know representative of the current state of things i 'm france ? 
  i felt the same taking public transports in paris following the previous attacks . 
  it 's foreigners who are scared and the media pushing it to the top . 
  i feel like most french people have realised that the attacks wo n't stop but that it does n't mean we should change our way of life . 
  of course this will hurt the tourist industry , but then again they always complain . 
  you 're trying so hard it 's almost cute . 
  that would be interesting to witness . 
  yes , because we all secretly want a civil war/failed state/wanna-be ottoman empire on europe 's doorstep when syria and iraq are almost literally on fire and the levant could easily follow the same path . 
  we mock every religions ( except the jews because well ... ) . 
  we 're a secular country . 
  on paper we have a majority of catholics ( because they register you without your consent ) but in practice very few people go to church regularly . 
  most people go to church for weddings and funerals . 
  people actively practicing their religion is just weird for us . 
  unlike in some countries , politicians rarely talk about religion ( except sarkozy lately to try and catch fn vote ) . 
  now , could we have done a better job to `` integrate '' immigrants ? 
  maybe but speaking from experience it 's often the 2nd or 3rd generation who are not integrated and it 's often because they refuse to do so . 
  that goes for people from north africa but also portuguese , spaniards or italians .
