  its in the constitution you see , we can not change the constitution !, 
  it 's already our fifth ( that have been ratified ) , we 'd look ridiculous with another one !, 
  sarcasm aside , a parliamentary regime would be a nightmare in france ( eg the third republic ) . 
  parliament does n't really matter in france . 
  we miss that whole balance of powers thingy and went straight for a hierarchy with the executive at the top . 
  if le pen is elected , we 'll be stuck with her for 5 years and no way to remove her unless she commits treason . 
  i would n't be surprised if she reached the second round . 
  however , her name and her party carries a certain connotation and legacy that most people are uncomfortable with . 
  personally i do n't see her elected president . 
  they might win more seats in parliament , but the way the system is organised a president is almost always guaranteed a majority . 
  i could be wrong and out of touch with the country though . 
  i wo n't bother to provide a lengthy answer since jeanclaude96 already provided an answer close to mine . 
  tldr : the situation for scotland has changed since the brexit vote . 
  it is legitimate that they should be asked once again . 
  however a second brexit referendum now is dumb . 
  i certainly could n't care less . 
  i did n't even know the parliament moved it 's seat until a few weeks ago . 
  i knew that strasbourg had eu institutions , but it did n't cross my mind that they 'd be so daft as moving around 600 people around every other week . 
  but even if your last assumption happens ( which i hope ) , the uk will have burned through every ounce of its political capital and there will be no new special treatment . 
  this would , as you rightly say , be better for the rest of europe . 
  those votes happened more than 10 years ago and not about eu membership . 
  trust me , the shit show currently unfolding in britain will convince people that although the eu is not perfect , it 's not a bad deal . 
  people have to understand that the eu is not , and should not , be about one country getting the best deal but all the members getting a good deal . 
  i think you misunderstood me . 
  by legally possible i mean that it should respect the wishes of the people . 
  that is , if the scottish people decide with a significant majority ( and not 52/48 ) to leave the uk and join the eu , the eu should do everything in its power to make it happen . 
  this would in no way invalidate the results of last week . 
  maybe in britain but not in the rest of the eu . 
  she 's repeating what everyone has said since this whole shit storm started . 
  you can not have access to the single market and refuse freedom of movement . 
  the time for special treatment is over . 
  the uk threw away the last drop of political capital they had . 
  i wish people would stop with this ridiculous assumptions . 
  will some industries be a less favourable situation if they pull the trigger ? 
  yes , but it does n't mean that they 'll crumble . 
  those industries will still have access to 27 markets that 's what matters . 
  this parliament moving every other thing is bs and should be stopped immediately . 
  it may have made sense when it was decided ( and even as i write it i 'm not convinced ) , but it no longer does . 
  the way forward is reforms and this should be one of the many to come . 
  thanks for the link . 
  i watched until le pen spoke . 
  what a moron she is , rambling about greatness and liberty and democracy . 
  france has not been great for a while , and i 'm more confident in the eu 's ability to protect my rights than any french governments . 
  lastly , to hear the product of nepotism and champion of fearmongering speak such base words is rather ironic . 
  and that makes more sense than building a border between scotland and england . 
  well not really . 
  there was no plan in the even of a brexit . 
  a lot of people 's answer to that has centred around the fact that the leave campaign had no mandate to do so , but you do n't need a mandate to put your ducks in order and put forward ideas . 
  even then , the leave campaign should have prepared a plan in the event of a brexit even if such plan was kept secret . 
  this clearly shows that they had no idea brexit would win , that it was all a power play by people who could not wait 4 more years . 
  edit : word . 
  you 'd notice that we 're not even using the same tense . 
  i 'm referring to any potential referendum on eu membership in the 27 , which it seems is what you were referring to in the comment i replied to . 
  you basically said in you op that a nation like britain , who has `` ruled '' over the biggest empire to date , should not be treated like this . 
  so yeah , my reply is entirely relevant . 
  you only get the deserve you earn , and , so far , britain has earned very little and farage non at all . 
  i agree with you about sturgeon . 
  it seems that only her and the bank of england had prepared something in the event of a brexit . 
  i still can not fathom that people still voted to leave even though there was and still is no plan , from a to z. 
  given that the uk is heading towards an economic , political , and constitutional crisis ? 
  i 'd say a lot of people would chose to remain . 
  we may complain about the eu , we may believe that it needs to be reformed , but at the end of the day the eu has done a lot for our respective countries , the uk included . 
  that 's why i said `` legally possible '' . 
  if the people of scotland decide , with a clear majority ( so not 52/48 ) , that they wish to remain with us , i believe the eu should do its own to help them . 
  i 'm not claiming that this would be easy or that it can happen overnight , but it would be the democratic thing to do . 
  you have a very poor grasp of the history of britain , its empire , and europe . 
  let me tell you that . 
  we 've all had our golden ages . 
  we 've all left our mark on the continent and the world , for better or worse . 
  britain , nor france , nor germany , nor any other former colonial powers can claim respect today for something that happened more than half a century ago . 
  you only get the respect you earn . 
  now , the british have made their bed and they must sleep in it . 
  somehow , this made me like him more . 
  i always had kind of a negative vision of juncker . 
  i wholeheartedly support scotland to remain in the eu , and the eu should do everything legally possible to allow for this . 
  nottingham . 
  a lot cheaper than london hopefully . 
  well my job is lined up and guaranteed . 
  however i 'm kind of worried about finding an apartment . 
  i 'm probably going to have to pay the year 's rent in one go . 
  well , i 'm moving to england in 2 months . 
  stealing dem ' jobs !, 
  ( yes plural , i 'm going to steal all the jobs ) i do n't know what i 'll do after that , my plans are very much uncertain with this whole shit . 
  you might have a shot . 
  although i do n't know why would anyone want to move to france in the current situation . 
  but she 's partly german !, 
  ( i 'm assuming you 're german since your flair looks german to me ), 
  wrong . 
  europe 's great powers considered siding with the confederacy , but they ultimately figured it was pointless and they could get their cotton from somewhere else . 
  the confederacy on the other hand were convinced they 'd have the support of europe 's big dogs because of cotton . 
  eastern europe , the french , and the italians would refuse a habsburg . 
  it 's going to be really hard to find a suitable candidate ... 
  i quite like elizabeth ii personally . 
  plus , if the uk is out she 'd be neutral . 
  and he 's a bourbon so that might fly by some french people . 
  yeah ditching all languages for english will not fly in france . 
  if you want us to leave the eu do that though . 
  do you speak french ? 
  otherwise it 's going to be extremely difficult . 
  the french said the same .
