  it 's in un president ne devrait pas dire ca . 
  i do n't think he was actually planning to put boots on the ground as in the same book he said this would n't work as was shown in iraq and afghanistan . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  and steal them jobs . 
  ugh those are the worst . 
  like those born again christians in the usa . 
  you can have free trade without freedom of movement but that 's not how it works in the eu . 
  if you want access to the single market you need to accept the 4 freedoms that come with it . 
  you may not agree with it , but that 's how it is . 
  a lame duck president . 
  the importance of somebody 's job is not as relevant as it is exactly the same action . 
  if i stab you to death , will it matter if i stabbed you 5 or 15 times ? 
  it will matter less than the fact that i stabbed you in the first place . 
  farage appeared as a representation of the uk in the eu parliament and a leading figure of brexit . 
  do n't fool yourself . 
  i love it when people who have n't got a clue about france 's political system and landscape come here to spew the few things they gathered from anglo-saxon media . 
  it ca n't be fillion vs le pen vs hollande . 
  we have a 2 round systems . 
  this was only the primary of one party and yet people assume the election 's been decided and it 's all in the bag . 
  fillion may very well attract voters who would have gone for le pen with his stance on immigration and his not-so-shy cajoling of catholics . 
  also , when hollande launched his presidential campaign the last time he was polling at 3 \u2105 . 
  i think we ought to be more cautious with the political predictions . 
  in what ways has hollande pandered to islamic migrants ... 
  he 's razed the jungle in calais . 
  he is ok with refugees from syria as long as they go through the proper channel . 
  he 's bombing daesh , he intervened in mali to stop the islamists from controlling the country . 
  the left in france is not pandering to migrants at all . 
  we 're doing liberalism 40 years too late . 
  with the likes of fillion and sarkozy , they 're very much right wing in my book . 
  they used to be centre right yes , but not anymore . 
  this is the primaries of the right wing party - which is considered centre right by anglo-saxon medias for some reasons . 
  the actual election is n't until 2017 . 
  you do n't get it , it 's not the same !, 
  he wants the work hours limit to be 48/week max and that the actual number should be negotiated between bosses and employees . 
  he wants to scrap our healthcare system and basically privatise everything except long term illnesses like cancer and such . 
  he 's got a very weird stance on abortion - he says he 's personally against it but that he wo n't the law but during the last debate he refused to answer a question about funding family plannings . 
  socially he 's very backward quite frankly . 
  he was endorsed by by the same people who continue to oppose gay rights and himself is against gay adoption and maybe marriage . 
  basically he 's very much a right wing candidate unlike jupp\u00e9 who is more centre right , hence more acceptable to a lot of left leaning voters who know the left might not even make the second round this time . 
  i 'm not claiming that jupp\u00e9 will win tonight , but that we should be careful . 
  sarkozy goes where the wind blows the strongest . 
  lately he 'd been courting fn voters . 
  however , i would n't give fillion a winner just yet . 
  participation at midday was 10-15 \u2105 higher , it may be left-leaning people going to vote because they are scared of fillion 's propositions . 
  tis true . 
  we are now all muslims . 
  actually i 've got an appointment to have my willy clipped this afternoon . / s if they 're trying to influence the election , they 're not doing a good job . 
  i doubt very few people who 'd vote for le pen can read english comfortably . 
  only the us and the uk , the rest of us are doing fine-ish for now . 
  and now it 's legal \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
   french are pretty proud and lightly nationalist ... in the forums they still write in both french and english rather just english , and also if they know perfectly english still prefer to talk in french . 
  yes we are a bit nationalists but there was only one moron who wrote in french and english . 
  do n't bundle all of us with that guy . 
  whatever do you mean !? 
  you know full well the media always tells the truth unlike those pesky memes of the altright . 
  they warned us that trump was literally hitler and now we all have to live with the consequences . 
  the worst kind . 
  herbal tea !, 
  he looks like the minister from the thick of it . 
  i have a very loose definition of being french . 
  if you speak perfect french and like food you 're french in my book . 
  we wanted a monarch but we did n't want a king . 
  we had to compromise . 
  i think we also need to consider the stability in germany . 
  chancellors do stay in power for a while according to some countries ' standards , but it does n't mean that it 's not democratic . 
  the german people have the possibility to vote for somebody else , they simply choose not to . 
  however , i understand your position . 
  in france we changed the president 's term to 5 years from 7 because 14 years in powers was way too long . 
  do n't worry , margaret fillion will fix it soon enough . 
  well he 's been convicted , served his time and recognised his mistake . 
  that 's basically unheard of as far as french politicians go . 
  the anglo saxon press loves to predict the doom of the eu . 
  more so lately . 
  i wonder if it 's because they want somebody to top up their own fuck ups . 
  i agree with you that doctors share the blame . 
  do n't fucking prescribe antibiotics if the patients do n't need them and if they insist explain why . 
  my past doctors in france have both been very good about that and i have n't had antibiotics in probably a decade . 
  although it helps i only get the same illness every year since i was a kid . 
  what exactly are we sweeping under the rug ? 
  we 've been controlling names for ages , the only reason this made the headlines is because it sells . 
  you 've got nice , you 've got islam and the name of a dead terrorist . 
  that 's like the perfect trifecta . 
  we stopped parents from naming their daughter fraise . 
  did that make the international headline ? 
  no , because it does n't sell . 
  i would n't kill the jupp\u00e9 horse just yet . 
  yes fillion won the first round by a huge margin but i have a feeling that a significant portion of his votes came from anti sarko voters rather than people who actually believed in his policies . 
  i 'd personally wait until sunday to call it . 
  i mean , i 'm sure many people would like to see him named ambassador - many could mean a whole of 3 people . 
  wait i thought it was italy 's turn ? 
  or was it france ... or maybe sweden !, 
  oh wait i forgot the migrants ... 
  and pre ww1 . 
  if you agree that the turkish state is heir to the ottoman empire . 
  we 've always controlled the name of babies , it 's nothing new . 
  even if they went to a good schools they have no what we french call * culture g\u00e9n\u00e9rale * . 
  i 'm honestly appalled by some of what my students do n't know and that they should . 
  the middle east has been unstable for centuries , the americans made it slightly worse . 
  and a lot of people are saying that fillion got a lot of votes from the left and centre-left anti sarko votes . 
  i sincerely hope it is true because his programme is scary .
