  i 'm actually going to work there and not visit . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i wonder if i 'll be seen as a dirty immigrant when i move to the uk . 
  i guess i should avoid making jokes about taking their jobs . 
  i have to ask something about polish immigrants ... are they really seen as benefit seekers ? 
  because that 's the complete opposite of my view on polish workers . 
  to me they are generally hard working , looking to make a better life for themselves . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  actually because those happened during the same time frame , you can not know for sure . 
  for all your know thatcher 's policies saw their results magnified because of your entry in the eu . 
  or maybe not . 
  it 's more complicated than just rolling back though . 
  they acknowledged the concerns regarding the freedom of movement , but that it was a pillar of the union . 
  however they agreed to try and reduce the push factors . 
  the uk also got further optouts on economic and political integration . 
  basically the status quo with efforts to make the poorer countries of the eu more attractive to their citizens . 
  there was also some parts about the right to refuse benefits , and that the eu had no jurisdiction in social ( nhs ) or economic policies . 
  it 's not a bad deal per se but it was more about enshrining the uk special treatment in the treaties when they are next revised ( which is not beneficial to the rest of the eu imo ) . 
  people wanted change , they got assurances that the status quo will remain . 
  that 's what i was going to say . 
  he said that anything could be discussed but that freedom of movement are a pillar of the eu . 
  however , he said that there would be no backsies on the calais deal . 
  this may change depending who gets elected next year , as the president of the region is currently in opposition and has insinuated it could be renegotiated . 
  edit : source ( in french sorry ) http://www.lavoixdunord.fr/region/brexit-xavier-bertrand-demande-a-renegocier-les-accords-ia0b0n3591373 however , the president shut down the idea , but as i said he may not be president next year ( http://www.lemonde.fr/referendum-sur-le-brexit/article/2016/06/24/pour-les-migrants-de-calais-le-brexit-ne-changera-rien_4957798_4872498.html ) . 
   i want to see the whole picture , ive been looking online and doing research and i keep finding ** conflicting facts ** . 
   i want to know what are the british people talking about in the streets ? 
  how has the last few days impacted them ? 
   i also want to clarify some information as to the reasons why they voted to leave or remain . 
  it seems that op looked it up himself but his research did not answer all his questions . 
  in merkel we trust . 
  i think this is one of the first time i 've seen politicians promise something to the young . 
  let 's see if that plays out , although they do n't really have a choice , if they do n't get us involved an interested in the project there wo n't be a project anymore . 
  the more this shit show unfolds , the more i think nobody will get what they voted for . 
  the uk will keep all its current trade deal and then make some new ones with whoever they want . 
  they 'll keep access to the single market and will have to provide free movement . 
  basically the situation will be the same , except they wo n't be members anymore . 
  i think you answered to the wrong comment . 
  i was actually agreeing with your other comments . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if you disagree with someone who laid down facts before you , you ca n't ask them to formulate your arguments for you . 
  part of me want to believe this is satire of the current leave 's behaviour . 
  and do you keep the queen . 
  it could show that you stand by their action , which is always appreciated . 
  letter sent to my representatives , except those of the fn since they are useless anyway . 
  i 'm currently writing a letter to send to my representatives . 
  i do n't know if it will do much good , but it does n't hurt to try . 
  thanks , i 'll change it . 
  that 's an excellent idea . 
  i 'm not sure how to word it though , and i 'll have to check if i 'm not represented by one of le pen 's friend . 
  edit : i 'm represented in the eu parliament by 15 meps ... at least i can pick and chose . 
  edit2 : if anyone wishes to write to their representatives they can be found at http://www.europarl.europa.eu/meps/en/map.html . 
  additionally you also have the ability to see their latest communication on social medias . 
  tbh the title could be clickbait . 
  also , it could simply mean that scotland will have to re-apply rather than `` inherit '' the uk 's membership . 
  have faith scottish brethren !, 
  it 's both an opportunity and a set back at the same time . 
  the truth is all of us , myself included , have no idea what is going to happen . 
  we 're just spitballing here . 
  that 's why it 's so uncertain . 
  basically what the other two fins have said . 
  the eu and westminster need to be upfront about their intentions vis \u00e0 vis scotland . 
  the independence will have to be negotiated with westminster but the eu can not stand by and wait before giving an answer . 
  once article 50 has been triggered ( since talks with the uk wo n't happen until then ) , the eu needs to come forward and voice their opinion about the eu membership of scotland and what shape it would take . 
  this last sentence is particularly essential to me . 
  this referendum clearly demonstrated that misinformation is extremely dangerous . 
  the scottish people can only make an informed if they know what awaits them . 
  i 'm not saying it will be easy , but it can be worked out . 
  obviously , scotland will probably have to make a choice between uk and eu . 
  the eu should make its opinion clear on the possibility of scotland joining the eu , otherwise it would be like asking the scots to jump off the plane without knowing if they 've got a parachute or haggis in their backpack . 
  however , i agree with you , there are 2 majors problems that will have to be worked out : currency and scotland 's border with england . 
  communication will most likely be a key factor there . 
  hope something can be worked out . 
  tbh we do n't know if young voters voted more or less than in previous elections . 
  the only numbers i 've seen were indeed low , but most were from polls and it 's pretty clear that british polls are n't reliable . 
  however , it was a selfish vote . 
  17m people forced an uncertain future on 500m . 
  this can not be denied . 
  i think it 's become pretty clear that a majority of the british people will accept anything so long as the eu is on the other side . 
  yes raising taxes is comparable to destroying , by a tiny minority , 40 years ( since the uk joined ) of hard work that have benefited the uk as a whole , the continent , and the world since we 've stopped fighting ( except during the eurovision ) . 
  juncker , for all his fault , said a very accurate thing today . 
  europe 's position in the world is shifting . 
  a century ago , 10 % of the world 's population were european , by the 22nd we will represent 4 % . 
  the only way we can hope to remain somewhat relevant is together . 
  despite our differences , we share common values , our histories are intertwined . 
  after all these years of european integration and given how the world has changed , it is no longer possible for any european country to stand alone . 
  whether we want it or not , whether we wish it were different is irrelevant . 
  we are europeans and we can not go against the tides of change . 
  the eu is far from perfect , i 'll give you that , but it 's the only way forward from my point of view . 
  also , the game as changed since the first indyref . 
  a major reason against independence was the uncertainty of eu membership . 
  the people of england and wales have decided to leave the eu . 
  scotland , northern ireland , and gibraltar ( as well as some important counties and boroughs ) decided they wanted to stay . 
  if we stood by greece ( we could have done a better job though ) last year , we should stand by them those nations this time . 
  final point . 
  the scottish parliament gave a mandate to the scottish government to do everything in its power to keep scotland in the eu ( this happened this afternoon , infos can be found inside the live thread ) . 
  i do n't see why spain would be 100 % against it . 
  they 've already said they would only oppose membership of scotland ( the last time ) if westminster did not agree to the whole process . 
  also , as some before me have pointed out , they could argue that the only way a newly independent nation can join the eu is if it 's former state leaves the eu . 
  honestly , if spain 's possible refusal is the only thing in scotland 's way , it should n't be too difficult . 
  oh absolutely .
