  if they do not , taxes may or may not increase . 
  unless you 're from the future , you can not argue that taxes will increase because of brexit . 
  however , i do n't need to be from the future to tell you that taxes in france will increase because we 're broke . 
  but i was n't questioning the choice of napol\u00e9on as leader but the ua . 
  the ua is shite imo . 
  whether it was an invasion or an invitation has been a hot topic between historians . 
  personally , my opinion leans towards the disguised invasion . 
  that 's a very one sided view . 
  europeans are mad about brexit because it brought a wave of uncertainty about their future and the future of the eu . 
  europeans are mad about brexit because it 's a decision taken by 17 million people that will affect close to 500 million , or even more . 
  europeans are mad because for decades the uk has benefited from a much better deal than the rest of us , and yet still managed to complain about pretty much everything . 
  europeans are mad because this whole affair proved itself to be a complete shit fest of lies , political manoeuvring , backstabbing , and that save for a couple of people nobody put forward or reflected on a possible plan in the event of brexit . 
  however democratic or sovereign this decision may have been , people have a right to express their anger and concerns . 
  as to the uk 's contributions , for all we know they 'll still be giving the eu money . 
  i never said he started the napoleonic wars . 
  city of lights is a reference to paris being the first to use gas light and/or because of the enlightenment . 
  either way , the ua is a poor fit for napol\u00e9on as a leader . 
  i actually agreed with your last sentence , but not really with the first which i felt out of touch with the article . 
  i just found this article interesting ( apparently people did not ) and a nice change from the usual economic doom , racism etc. . 
  which has surrounded brexit . 
  i know , but it bothers me . 
  the whole french civ bothers me tbh . 
  also the blue is the wrong hue . 
  i do n't know which cities his army burned , but i assume he left a few smoldering pile of ashes behind him . 
  some might argue that william of orange did not conquer england but rather that he was invited over . 
  others might answer that when someone invite you over , you do n't bring an entire army with you . 
  napol\u00e9on is not a bad leader for a french civ , but the ua is shit . 
  `` city of lights '' ? 
  is this a reference to all the cities his armies burned , or the countless art pieces we stole ? 
  it does n't fit napoleonic france imo . 
  you could argue that it is a reference to the enlightenment , but then again not exactly the best leader . 
  they should have gone with a military oriented ua . 
  hopefully they change it in civ 6 . 
  edit : apparently i angered some people by disapproving the glorious leader . 
  i 'm not sure you read the article . 
  also knowing one of the authors , i can assure you she 's not a radical feminist . 
  i do n't get why this sits at 0 point as i 'm writing this comment . 
  it 's newsworthy , it 's from a reputable media , and it cites its sources . 
  i 'm sorry we 're trying to stick it to the english , but it 's the first decent shot in centuries , so we 're gon na go ahead and take it . 
  i thought i 'd share a brexit-related article that is slightly different , and explores possible long-term social and political consequences of the referendum . 
  it 's not so much that we do n't vote in the first round , but rather that we use it as a protest vote . 
  some chose not to vote , some vote for third parties . 
  can i join ? 
  the historian in me winced at your argument that history is useless without looking at the big picture , but i have to agree to a degree . 
  however , more history is not a bad idea but it depends which histories . 
  the curriculum omits large swaths of our history like the 1st colonial empire , algerian war and the list goes on . 
  we even have ( had ? ), 
  a law which dictated that when teaching colonialism , you should emphasise the benefits of it . 
  last november , my professor told me that one of the main advisor for the history curriculum threatened to resign because of how bad it was . 
  what we need is not more history , but better history that do n't lag decades behind what 's going on in the academia and which also includes input from non-french historians of france , because they often have powerful insight not tainted by jingoism . 
  teaching a bit of european history would not be a bad thing either , if we 're to build an ever closer union ( then again i do n't see the fn advocating that ) . 
  sorry i went on a bit of rant there , but the state of the historical profession in france tends to make me mad . 
  france : the government decided that it was too much work to obtain the consent of parliament to pass a heavily contested labour reform . 
  all hail the 49.3 . 
  people would be a lot more informed . 
  maybe . 
  we said the same thing about hitler 's earliest actions in pretty much the same way . 
  i 'm not arguing that this is a similar situation , but complacency is extremely dangerous . 
  for those who do want to read his column . 
  there is no risk whatever to the status of the eu nationals now resident and welcome in the uk , and indeed immigration will continue -- but in a way that is controlled , thereby neutralising the extremists . 
  it is overwhelmingly in the economic interests of the other eu countries to do a free-trade deal , with zero tariffs and quotas , while we extricate ourselves from the eu law-making system . 
  we can do free-trade deals with economies round the world , many of which are already applying . 
  we can supply leadership in europe on security and other matters , but at an intergovernmental level . 
  the future is very bright indeed . 
  that 's what geldof should be chanting . 
  source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/07/03/tory-candidates-need-a-plan-for-brexit---heres-mine-in-5-points/ ( thank you u/mikeemoo ) basically , he wants the same situation as before , except no decisionary power about the eu 's actions but the uk will be able to make trade deals with whoever they want with their 20 negotiators , so that 's a pretty cool deal i guess . 
  england is 11th . 
  above france and italy . 
  austria is 10th . 
  that should tell you all you need to know . 
  oh and brazil is 7th . 
  but it 's very likely that there will be a general election before 2020 . 
  that 's the logical thing to do . 
  then again , logic does not appear to be politicians ' strongest suit . 
  that 's what i thought about the fn in france too . 
  let them have a region , let them fuck it up and it 'll cool down people . 
  like everything else , we have a tendency to see the world in black or white . 
  that wo n't be much more difficult for the players given the state of most of the pitches . 
  it 's been said repeatedly in this sub before , but the eu needs to step up it 's communication . 
  yes , you can find their decisions and such , but it does n't mean that you have the knowledge to understand them . 
  what they need , in my opinion , is to have those decisions turned into tl ; dr , explain in layman 's term why such decision was taken , and what it is going to change . 
  the lack of education about the eu is baffling . 
  if the eu is to succeed people have to be made aware of it 's structure and importance . 
  they also need to expand the erasmus program , because if we 're to have a closer union , people have to know each other , how their neighbours live , we need to learn to live together and not rely on prejudices and stereotypes that are as old as europe itself . 
  that 's my 2 cents though . 
  my first sentence referred to a unilateral independence . 
  spain said it would n't veto a scottish membership as long as it 's mutual . 
  the comment i responded was talking about unilaterally declaring scotland free . 
  and then spain will veto any scottish candidacy . 
  in any case the title is misleading as always . 
  he said that there wo n't be talks with a uk bound scotland , which was pretty clear from the start . 
  edit : since the first sentence does not appear to be clear . 
  spain would veto a scottish candidacy in the event of a unilateral declaration . 
  and that 's what i 'm doing , 
  and may or may not be corrupt . 
  it 's like who do they think they are with their big ballotery . 
  * i 'll see myself out . 
  i like that italians think like the french about the sexual lives of politicians . 
  it 's not a threat , it 's a fail safe which the uk agreed to . 
  diplomatic ?
