  oh trust me i dont . 
  i do it for a living . 
  and the problem is not english speaking people , it 's the system of education . 
  the authorities will be here in the morning to escort you out of the country . 
  did he beat hollande ? 
  well i 'm half serious . 
  i just did n't like his `` france is n't too keen on dropping the french language '' . 
  i get that he probably meant as a work/publication language but it 's still very disrespectful . 
  why would we drop french ? 
  you can learn it , it 's not that difficult . 
  you ca n't appreciate our cheeses anyway . 
  we 'll just sell it somewhere else . 
  or cry that it 's ruining my economic output . 
  sounds cute . 
  salade mac\u00e9doine is vegetables cut into small pieces mixed with mayonnaise . 
  it 's delicious !, 
  well at least the guardian used `` protests '' rather than `` riots '' . 
  damn it and here i was ready to blame the gays . 
  thank god you were there !, 
  wait a minute !, 
  i know now where fillon got his idea to remove 500,000 civil servants !, 
  from here goes dan !, 
  it 's my opinion . 
  i watched austria , australia and slovenia and i found them tedious where i enjoyed the first ones . 
  indeed we are first . 
  we do n't even need to copy . 
  i 'm afraid you 're right ... 
  i particularly like the fact that the hypercasher attack is on the list when it was widely reported ( i did n't go any further than that ) . 
  the whole assault was broadcasted live by bfm ` will do anything for images ' tv . 
  have you ever heard somebody compare iran to the bastion of enlightenment ? 
  by the way , if you 're looking for it you ca n't stop looking . 
  it 's france . 
  you 're welcome world . 
  what i like best is probably her catch name ` au nom du peuple ' . 
  i think it really shows how ms ' i lived in a castle and misappropriated eu funds ' is the people 's champion . 
  i also heard the atmosphere was lovely yesterday , a lovely mix of racists , nazis , petainists , and * identitaires * ( although is n't that the pc french for racist ? ) . 
  they even had cakes !, 
  airbus has a massive plant there . 
  to add to u/theweekdn : le pen has a strong support base of 25-30 % . 
  that 's it . 
  if you look at the past elections since 2012 , it shows that she has so far been unable to court other voters . 
  and marie antoinette said ` let them have orgies ' . 
  make germany/france great again . 
  good i need a break from all the arogancing i 've been doing lately . 
  and before you say arogancing is not a real word let me just say : i 'm french i can invent as many words as i want . 
  why is n't france on the list ? 
  i thought we were best friends ? 
  you might want to read my comment again . 
  i did not say that this scandal was the first of its kind , as you seem to suggest . 
  rather , i was using the example of my apolitical grandmother to emphasis the point of kunstfr . 
  i would also love to be under 4 years old again . 
  i love naps . 
  god i suck at catchphrase :(, 
  the scandal is so huge that even my grandma talked about it . 
  i 've never heard my grandma say something even remotely political . 
  circumstantial i know , but i think it shows the reach of the scandal . 
  it 's the topic of the past week . 
  also there 's an awesome gif on r/france that illustrates the past week . 
  edit : https://i.redd.it/uppvtl14h9dy.gif, 
  she used the funds to have fake jobs for friends and family . 
  exactly what fillon is being accused of . 
  we do not give a flying fuck . 
  he 's free to sleep with whoever he wants . 
  sarkozy divorced and remarried in the middle of his mandate and hollande had his affair made public . 
  it did n't hurt them . 
  no that 's just what they do . 
  it 's not the first time either . 
  well that 's disappointing . 
  no fighting robots then ? 
  the fighting robots association or the fashion retail academy ? 
  question : how do we know that since we 're not allowed to do it in the metropole ? 
  does nc 's special status allows it ? 
  edit : apparently it was from the census . 
  weird . 
  and the indian ocean !, 
  we are everywhere !, 
  france can into southern europe !!!, 
  and into northern europe . 
  watch out eastern europe , were coming for you next . 
  2 years i believe . 
  edit : 2 years a minister and 2 years as secretary of state . 
  you were right my bad . 
  also , i think you 're confusing campaign promises with a programme . 
  he 's got a programme , he 's been unfolding it at meetings and such , but he refuses to have campaign promises . 
  personally i prefer it that way , but to each their own . 
  he was n't in the government for 5 years . 
  also , who says we need to completely change the way the country works ? 
  all is we need area few tweaks here and there . 
  according to this very link , it does not hold the same meaning in france as it does in italy , and it has been used by the republic long before the unification of italy . 
  quit trying to score some cheap points . 
  do you often answer an invitation by showing up with an army ? 
  it was very much an invasion , the few `` immortal seven '' had no prerogative to ask for william 's intervention nor did anyone else since it fell outside the rights of parliament . 
  in fact , parliament 's supreme sovereignty was only established in the decades following this invasion . 
  the glorious revolution was facilitated by this invasion . 
  edit : i refer you to the numerous scholarly works published on the events of 1687-88 , or if you prefer something quicker [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/history/british/civil_war_revolution/glorious_revolution_01.shtml#three ( namely the third paragraph from the top ) or the [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glorious_revolution ) article with a list of references and further reading . 
  you tell yourself that . 
  you know full well he as french as the king of france . 
  / s incidentally the last person to successfully invade england was a dutch guy . 
  although they 've been quiet about fillon 's recent blunder . 
  i guess it 's because they got caught doing the exact same thing .
