  and then we can finally invade the uk !, 
  we 'll need the dutch though since the last man to invade albion was dutch . 
  how ? 
  the fn has 2 mps and 2 senators . 
  sure they have a lot more representatives in the eu parliament or at a local level but that 's all . 
  the only way the fn could make france leave the eu is if le pen ends up being president and even then she 'd have to hold a referendum . 
  this is what annoys me to most about this whole thing . 
  17,410,742 of british people basically enacted a decision that will greatly impact of the lives of 508,191,116 people if not more . 
  hard not to get pissed at the english in this case . 
  so what you are saying is that cameron is a political mastermind ? 
  who knew !, 
  or , he meant that since this was their project in the beginning it is now their responsibility to reform it . 
  leading the charge does not mean that the rest of eu members wo n't have a say . 
  i was considering doing my phd there . 
  i guess i 'll wait . 
  same . 
  we might as well nuke our own country if this happens . 
  interestingly , bruno lemaire ( les r\u00e9publicains ) has called for a large reform of the eu ( even a complete overhaul ) with the 6 founding members leading the charge . 
  but the situation is different than it was two years ago since the uk is no longer , in theory , a member of the eu . 
  time to unify ireland and really stick it to the english . 
  you played yourself you big bozo . 
  boris johnson might end end being pm . 
  holy shit . 
  i personally will not vote for a franrtie ( because let 's be honest we 'll use a french name for it ) , because i believe that the eu has had a positive impact on my life . 
  the only way i could see myself voting for leave would be if by the time that hypothetical vote roles through the eu is burning to the ground . 
  however , i remain in favour of a european project ( maybe with less members ) . 
  if the # crashes a lot i might swing by the bank and exchange some money . 
  i 'm going to live in england in 2 months anyway . 
  the most fun about the brexit might the front national 's call for a referendum in france on eu membership . 
  bitch please you have no powers and i have more fingers than you have elected representatives . 
  given that le pen is like england 's football team ( only good in the first half ) , i would n't hold your breath in her being elected . 
  thank you britain for ruining it for the rest of us . 
  you had to be a selfish cunt . 
  champagne can only be made in champagne . 
  if the grapes is grown in kent it will be kentish sparkling wine or some shit . 
  that 's the one that got me too , and i feel like the explanation made it even worse . 
  although , as others have said the last one make it clear this is not a really good idea . 
  that was an interesting read . 
  it relies on academic work rather than the whims and follies of people with very little understanding of economy . 
  however , i doubt the average person would understand the entirety of this article . 
  i find it quite amazing how americans always attempt to themselves in discussions that do not concern them . 
  not everything is about you , are you aware of that ? 
  a federal europe is certainly possible but certainly not now or until the next century . 
  we need to do it slowly , step by step but it could happen . 
  also we do care about each other . 
  yes we have been at war before , but we 've come to respect and appreciate each other . 
  it also appears that you have very little knowledge about the role of the us senate , or upper houses in general . 
  they are established to prevent the lower houses from running rampant and enacting laws that would be detrimental to the country . 
  you suck . 
  to be a catholic you only need to be baptised . 
  so here i am a catholic , even though i do n't believe in god . 
  i saw a post on imgur recently which listed the reason a toddler cried/threw a tantrum . 
  you could probably do the same for turkey 's government . 
  but le pen is not president . 
  that may play a part in it . 
  students may not also be aware that fees are waived for the semesters you spend abroad and you also receive money from the eu , i was getting getting something like 180 $ / month from the eu and 400 from the city of paris . 
  however , depending on your parents ' income , it can end up costing you money but it 's honestly worth it . 
  honestly , british people do not take advantage of this awesome program . 
  when i was doing my erasmus in the uk , the erasmus coordinator was having a really hard time find students to send abroad . 
  out of 5 years of uni , i think i met less than 5 british students , despite the fact that my classes were all exclusively in english . 
  erasmus truly is the best thing you can do . 
  it definitely made me a better scholar and a slightly better person . 
  actually , as far as the second round is concerned it would be fillon voters . 
  old catholics with loose standards when it comes to morality would never vote for anyone even remotely left . 
  as an added bonus le pen is also a crook , so you know , not much change there . 
  what year is this ? 
  going to war over a rock ... 
  i mean , it 's probably just posturing but i 'm sure it 's a question that can be resolved without going to war . 
  tgv best tgv . 
  also we 've got the eurostar . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's right or wrong , i 'm just emphasising the fact that we have a different relationship with russia and that as a result le pen voters , or fillon 's for that matter simply do not care . 
  even personally , the attitude of candidates towards russia has little to no effect on my choice . 
  obviously , i believe we should n't back down in front of russia but i think there are issues that are more important and relevant to the country than russia . 
  exactly , we do n't have the same relationship with russia as most of europe . 
  historically , russia has also been very francophile and our relationship has varied between war and peace ( get it ) . 
  true . 
  english colonists were perfect gentlemen to the natives of new england . 
  i knew i felt something when they did all that clapping ... 
  wait brexit 's to blame now too ? 
  but we have much better food . 
  well , we have food . 
  he wants to strongarm the eu to get what he thinks is best and if they refuse leave . 
  i think , but i 'm not an expert of m\u00e9lenchon . 
  yeah no . 
  he did very well considering he 's got basically zero experience but m\u00e9lenchon was above the crowd , except on diplomacy when he was just bad . 
  mlp just resorted to shouting halfway through . 
  she also praised the success of brexit and trump . 
  she was honestly rubbish but i 'm sure she convinced her base by bashing the eu . 
  fillon was useless . 
  he was weak and pretty much absent . 
  the only time he was any good was during the part on diplomacy but then again he 's got the most experience . 
  hamon was very decent i found , but to me it did n't feel like he was running for president . 
  all in all , i had fun . 
  well , i 'm always up for some franco-german team up so i 'd say it 's good . 
  me too . 
  he even sits like a child . 
  better late than never some might say . 
  they 're not doomed , they 'll be dead before they 've had the chance of facing the consequences of their actions . 
  to be perfectly clear , by they i mean most people in this video . 
  oh oh oh and dying at the ripe age of 30 !,
