  oh you poor summer child ... 
  he 's the new hollande . 
  not buzzfeed news who published the article before being taken up by other medias . 
  well look at that , my boss is full of shit yet again . 
  thanks for the info . 
  thanks for the info . 
  apparently if you fall into that weird spot between 10 and 15 you ca n't renew it and you are given an additional slip of paper to explain the situation . 
  yes but are young , cute , gay and jewish girls more likely to support fn ? 
  i think that 's what he was trying to say !, 
  but we 've got the national identity card , which is free and also for 15 years ( used to be ten ) and allows us to travel at least in all eu countries . 
  refugees are n't very keen on staying in france anyway . 
  we 're too mean/racist/force them to learn french anyway . 
  after all , many migrants were willing to spend months in calais - of all places - for a chance to cross to britain . 
  thank god for germany . 
  how is he a traitor exactly ? 
  he 's not a member of the ps and he 's been clear on that point even when he was minister . 
  now you amy disagree with his decision to run and not join in the primaries but that does n't make him a traitor . 
  france always has had a love/hate relationship with russia . 
  apparently we 're going back to the love period because we 've got something to sell . 
  you can always reroute it and drop it on a small . 
  obviously you 'd have to feel bad about it , but no more than 5mins . 
  tbh when french people say europe we mean the eu . 
  i would apply but i 'm not currently in france :(, 
  this . 
  although i do agree with his european policies , which was a big draw for me . 
  i would also hate to have fillon ... 
  i think it may have something to do with the fact that she released an album in french last year . 
  i may finally vote for the winner !, 
  yay me, 
  every one of our neighbours google trump yet we prefer to look up c\u00e9line dion . 
  clearly we 've got higher priorities in life . 
  almost . 
  well at least she 's trying . 
  we 'd have to see how her attitude is perceived by her electorate , since we 're obviously biased . 
  as many have said before , she has to appear strong otherwise what 's the point . 
  i do n't agree with that narrative , however useful if may have been to the reconstruction . 
  in any case , french people actively collaborated with the nazis and the government ( yes vichy was the government whether we like it or not ) as well . 
  they just want every perks of the eu without the bad things and for free . 
  how is that so difficult to understand . 
  are you , as well , an enemy of the people ( tm ) . 
  the vichy government actively collaborated with the nazis . 
  i 'm not saying his analogy holds up , but we 're not entirely clean on the whole nazi stuff, 
  historical knowledge as a whole is very poor in the uk , i find from experience . 
  save for some names of kings or politicians , my students never seem to know much . 
  or parisian . 
  divorces are messy . 
  we do have some roman ruines , but most of them are really small or hidden . 
  for example , you can go underneath notre dame and view the remains of ancient lut\u00e8ce / paris . 
  well then , you got robbed, 
  this . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  cabinets are renewed with each new president . 
  in any case , the political elite always emanates from the same place . 
  for example , in the u.k. most come out of oxbridge . 
  the thing is , he does not have a parliamentary party as far i know . 
  he may well be president but have fillon as pm or whoever has a majority in the assembl\u00e9e nationale . 
  i say , france and germany unite and rule the eu as benevolent love birds . 
  separate we could n't hold unto europe but together we might !, 
  i was being very generous with the timeframe , but yeah i 'm pretty sure it was posted last week . 
  are we going to post the same video every month ? 
  dibs on both . 
  it 's strasbourg . 
  i agree with your ideas but do n't try to sneakily claim it back , we won it fairly and squarely . 
  people care about their own personal interests . 
  in other news , water is wet . 
  no , alive !, 
  do not play with my feelings . 
  if it 's not true i 'll hunt you and force feed you snails . 
  i 'm sure trump will double that with a few tweets . 
  according to wiki the first gulf war . 
  however , do we really need to send 10k soldiers nowadays to be effective ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  we 're already there . 
  in france too . 
  i 'm sorry but it is well known that when the nuclear cloud travelled westwards it stopped when it saw the french frontier . 
  i 've got two offshore accounts !, 
  i think it 's necessary to be sceptical , it means you 'll be more mindful of his action . 
  now i think that while we should keep his national record in mind , his european record should weigh more heavily in the balance . 
  i agree on principle , but do we really have the knowledge to understand the good and the bad of such text ? 
  what if we put it to a vote , but one country shuts it down because reasons . 
  ideally you 'd have the vote be eu-wide , to pass it would need a supra-majority across the eu . 
  this would also prove to smaller countries that they matter imo . 
  why should europe have to chose between the u.s and russia ? 
  le pen has a base of voters of around 25-30 % . 
  that 's it , it 's solid but it 's joy enough to win an election in france . 
  why is that surprising ? 
  i 'd take money even from the things i want to destroy . 
  who cares about helicopters !, 
  we 've got rafales !, 
  seriously , why do you think the terrorists hate us so much . 
  breaking news '' ** water is wet !, 
  do n't bundle us up with italy please . 
  we 've got quite an efficient air force . 
  i 'm not saying malaysia does n't suck but it 's kind of a recurring thing with us . 
  it kinda makes me proud , we 've managed to piss off pretty much everybody . 
  boy , france does not come off great in these things . 
  although i may need more data to back it up i 've noticed a rise in catholic sentiments amongst people . 
  suddenly you see people caring about religious stuff they never cared about before . 
  this would also explain fillon . 
  i like mine too but it 's so damn big !,
