  the language of diplomacy is french . 
  maybe he speaks perfect french . 
  mitterand was not squeaky clean either . 
  why would he care to get a job for the eu ? 
  he 's got his salary for life and a job on the conseil constitutionnel . 
  he can retire and live the good life with his girlfriend , all the while showing up here and there to comment on the situation . 
  hamon and m\u00e9lenchon . 
  she 's also refused to answer summons by the police , arguing that they ca n't summon her because she 's a candidate . 
  she had to be reminded that it does n't mean shit , that being a candidate does not suddenly grant you immunity . 
  today , her right hand said that she would answer the summons after the election . 
  her head is so far up the system she claims to fight , that she 's disrespecting the integrity of our judicial system , all the while applying for a job that will require her to guarantee the integrity and independence of the judicial system . 
  hollande may be the cleanest president of the v republic . 
  they also require that you hand them your passport or national id for 3 months . 
  not a certified photocopy , the real thing for three months . 
  if you want to play the compare card , you may want to include what was done in america by british settlers against the attitudes of french or spanish settlers regarding natives or slaves . 
  the truth is that the issue of colonialism is far too complicated to settle it as either bad or good . 
  in many ways it was both , depending where and when you look at it colonialism may have been a good thing . 
  it also depends of who you are and who your ancestors were . 
  in short , you ca n't analyse colonialism in a reddit comment . 
  historians have been at it for decades and are still at it now . 
  they make great lentils . 
  it 's so strong it chops your head right off !, 
  now the common man can enjoy the pleasure of a quick and easy drunken night . 
  the guillotine pasteurisation champagne, 
  honestly he 's been clinging to his candidacy like a mussel on its rock ... i think he might be hoping that he 'll make it to the second round , become president and all of this will go away . 
  he 's been saying that he does n't the support of mps and that his candidacy is legitimate because he won the primaries . 
  he 's also recognised his wrongdoings - going so far as to say that france was bigger than his mistakes - yet he 's still quite high in the polls . 
  he might be forced to step down and it needs to be quick so that his replacement can get enough parrainages from mayors ( you need 500 to be candidate ) . 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted because it 's true . 
  the chances of le pen becoming president are very slim , and they might be getting slimmer with the corruption scandal . 
  and yeah , many people have no idea how the 2 rounds system works . 
  france and [ insert any country ] . 
  although our best rivalry was certainly with england . 
  the number of pissing contests we 've engaged in is astonishing . 
  some may argue germany , but to be fair it was more of a deep-seated hatred . 
  we cool now though . 
  it was funnier with the ball . 
  just saying . 
  just british things ? 
  and why the whole of the eu need to buy dassault planes . 
  please guys , buy them . 
  nobody else wants them . 
  he 's confused . 
  what is legal is hiring your wife and children to work for you as parliamentary assistants ( though they must actually do the work ) . 
  what 's illegal is to pay your driver with the funds allocated to pay parliamentary assistants . 
  so no , it 's not legal . 
  it 's very much illegal and it 's exactly why jupp\u00e9 was condemned in the early 2000s . 
  but it sells !, 
  you 'll notice it 's never single men or women in these articles . 
  it 's always a family . 
  the possibility of a family being torn apart sells when in all probability not much will change . 
  it 's nothing new either . 
  castlereagh , 1815 , refused a more permanent alliance of the four powers , on the basis that parliament would never be able to approve such an alliance . 
  this argument was successively used by other foreign secretaries . 
  ok yeah , i see the confusion . 
  actually , i think he 's on that whole `` alternative facts '' judging by his replies . 
  you might want to actually read my comment ... 
  the reasons she 's given to defend her action are the same fillon gave a few weeks ago . 
  why do ** you ** lie ? 
  her justification for the fake jobs are the same as fillon . 
  she 's also arguing that she does n't have to answer to the judicial system because the election started ( when i believe it does n't officially start until march when the list of official candidates is published ) and that the evil eu is after her . 
  she might even gain a few points in the polls , given that fillon is back at 21 % . 
  no it did not . 
  whoever wrote this wikipedia entry is a moron . 
  multiple diplomatic conferences were held in london to solve european problems such as the question of belgian independence and the oriental question of 1839 . 
  on the other hand , france did leave the concert of europe and threaten to plunge europe into war between 15 july 1840 and july 1841 . 
  at best one could argue that britain retreated from european affairs under canning , but then again his tenure was short . 
  oh and they also got involved in the question of greek independence . 
  britain did adopt an `` isolationist '' policy from the second half of the 19th century , when it refused to get involved in the conflicts between prussia , austria and france . 
  catalans are the vegans of europe . 
  they 'll tell you about it , even if you did n't ask . 
  i agreed with his remarks on colonisation but his comments about gay marriage made me rethink voting for him . 
  that was a dumb move either way though . 
  does this mean france is full of bastards ? 
  am i a bastards ? 
  is marriage even a thing in france ? 
  i love potato farls but i 'm sure the irish will continue to export them even if the island is united . 
  i think they also made a movie . 
  probably a decade old by now . 
  exactly . 
  it 's the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois we ca n't understand . 
  usually we just subtitle them . 
  hmm . 
  de gaulle did throw a fit and go abroad just tombe called back in triumph . 
  he could be quite the drama queen . 
  no disrespect to the great man though . 
  have you even read the answer of some politicians ? 
  they called him a traitor , claimed that he was disrespecting france by making such comments abroad . 
  i 'm pretty sure i also saw one claim that france gave algeria roads , schools and hospitals and that the `` anciens '' missed the colonial times . 
  as long as you did n't fall off the wagon so to speak . 
  i remember that you need 3 times to truly quit smoking . 
  this was my third personally . 
  i quit on 15 july and i have n't smoked since . 
  and yes , i 'm only posting this for the karma . 
  - it 's not a riot just because we burn a few stuff . 
  we always burn a few stuff when we protest . 
  i think it 's to honour jeanne d'arc . 
  tu n'as pas honte de renier le roman national ? 
  / s i would do it in english but i 'm not sure it would have the same effect . 
  who is that `` we '' you speak of ?
