  a toddler could have done the same . 
  i will leave his here . 
  officially it is the * biblioth\u00e8que interuniversitaire sorbonne * or bis . 
  you 're right , but i feel it 's important to point out that it 's not the library of the sorbonne university ( which does n't exist anymore ) . 
  i feel it 's getting worse over the years . 
  even us the french have started to sing in english and give points in english ad well . 
  it 's all gone downhill from there . 
  oh yeah i remember hearing about that . 
  that 's what the eurovision is about !, 
  actually it is the inter-university library . 
  open to every student . 
  what was montenegro already ? 
  i felt that this year it was n't fun at all . 
  too many people singing in english , whereas it 'd be nice to hear people sing in their language . 
  not camp enough , not enough fire , not enough sparkle . 
  i feel like more and more countries are taking it seriously and not as a fun competition . 
  i for one did n't like the portuguese entry and though italy , moldova or croatia were better . 
  the french entry sucked . 
  we get it , we do n't want to win because we do n't want to host but at least send fun people like fatal bazooka ... 
  i am a simple man , we beat the uk , i 'm happy . 
  however , we really need to step up our point games in western europe . 
  the franco-german relationship did not materialise tonight . 
  it is also possible to add the post-1814 settlement for france to your argument in favour of a decent brexit settlement . 
  france was not humiliated , nor were the war reparations too heavy ( i believe they had been paid by the 1820s ) and this allowed the great powers to resume their usual business and protect the `` peace '' ( all relative really ) of europe . 
  the fair settlement afforded to france , which was supported by the russian emperor and castlereagh , meant that france and the french were n't consumed by a spirit of revenge . 
  obviously , the french being the french we still pined over the frontiers of revolutionary france , and that dick of adolphe thiers nearly went to war with europe over the syrian desert , but it did not prevent the concert of europe to work almost as intended . 
  we may also add to the comparison the spirit of revenge that fuelled france after the prussians stole alsace-lorraine from us and the effect it had on the country . 
  he 's centrist , so he can lean left or right depending on the weather of the day . 
  how hard is that to understand ? 
  since we are trying to save some money , we 'll have fillon join her . 
  two birds , one stone . 
  also , it 's not just that 's he 's prepared or that he can wing it . 
  he 's extremely well prepared , he 'll have the administration to rely on as you say , and his government . 
  macron said that his first out of state trip will be `` to our troops '' . 
  he 's really going full american sometimes . 
  no idea , they 've been very quiet about their candidates ( only 14 are known at the moment ) , however they 've been saying since january that a em candidate will stand in every constituency . 
  the constitution , ideally . 
  hollande is also a skilled politician . 
  he was the head of the socialist party for a really long time and we 'll most likely elect the candidate with the politics closest to his today . 
  well for starters , it 's not winter so we 've got that going for us . 
  apparently hollande wants the job . 
  are we seriously calling him a politician ? 
  i mean , i know he 's president but i 'm not sure it qualifies him for the description . 
  in my mind , a politician is somebody who 's dedicated years of his life to politics , not someone like trump . 
  ok thanks . 
  this email is most likely fake anyway . 
  you 'd have to be a complete idiot to have drugs delivered to you at the national assembly . 
  not to mention that i 'm not even sure meth is a common drug in france or that it 'd chosen over coke . 
  probably referring to the one about an mp ordering meth to be delivered to his office at the national assembly . 
  i do n't know if that was part of the leak but i saw it referred on r/france and the idiots on the_orange are overjoyed about this . 
  for the supreme court i meant a supreme independent constitutional court , not the american supreme court ( ipad autocorrected the caps ) . 
  we do have the conseil constitutionnel , but it 's far from perfect . 
  also , i would argue that the usa 's system of checks and balances work ( e.g. 
  trumps travel ban order being shut down by the judiciary ) . 
  also , turkey ... 
  although i agree with your analysis of the usa 's constitutional framework , i would n't call our parliament powerful ( unless you have a cohabitation ) or our justice independent since the president is responsible to protect the integrity of the judiciary ( and we do n't have an equivalent of the supreme court ) . 
  honestly , our current system is quite a mess given the successive revisions . 
  it 'd be nice to get a new one . 
  not only parties but also the academia and a bunch of other people . 
  the word voter does not even appear . 
  it does n't even talk about electors at all . 
  it 's not even about the presidential election , but as i said about the upcoming legislatives . 
  maybe the google translation is weird enough to make it seem like voter fraud ( google translation is notoriously bad when it comes to french ) . 
  or they were confused by the ` minint ' ( i was too at first ) . 
  maybe they 're just idiots . 
  i should mention that i support macron but i do n't see how that would impact the understanding of an email in my mother tongue . 
  it is n't voter fraud . 
  it 's administrative talk about registering for the upcoming legislative elections with the interior ministry ( minint ) . 
  basically it 's saying that the ministry wants to add the possibility to add a `` nuance '' to a candidate 's party affiliation . 
  basically , and if i understand correctly , the ministry would be in favour of candidates bearing the ps-en marche banner whereas en marche wants all their candidates to be only under the etiquette en marche . 
  so in short , it 's not even remotely linked to voter fraud . 
  it 's administrative mumbo-jumbo . 
  it also correlates what macron said in the press recently , that candidates for en marche would not have to leave their current party but they will have to run under the en marche banner . 
  finally somebody who understands politics . 
  the eu wants/needs the uk to be worse off outside than inside , it does n't want to kill the eu . 
  will it also affect le pen 's campaign poster ? 
  to the right of the right . 
  have n't you heard !? 
  madame le pen is a master of politics and diplomacy . 
  she 's already planning to get everyone to abandon the euro in 10 months max . 
  she 's also planning on removing the french nationality to dual citizens who commit terrorist attacks . 
  you know , because clearly this will make them think twice before committing atrocities . 
  after all , one does not go to heaven without \u00e0 french passport so easily . 
  yeah i 'm not sure you understand how vital the rainforest is to the survival of our planet . 
  china is pimping out pandas and we 're all falling for it . 
  but by jove they are cute . 
  because he is n't meant to rule . 
  you have to consider the time elizabeth ii ascended the throne . 
  it is prejudice because you apply a word to a specific nationality for no other reason than your own . 
  the word expatri\u00e9 has exactly the same meaning as the word expat . 
  it has a latin etymology and i would n't be surprised if we found it in the same forms in other latin languages . 
  your definition of expats is not mine , and you ca n't fall back on `` that 's not my fault it 's the language '' to get away with your ( i mean it could be you or anyone else who ascribe to the same definition as you ) prejudice . 
  `` in common usage , the term often refers to professionals or skilled workers sent abroad by their employers , who can be companies , governments , or non-governmental organisations . '', 
  this is the definition of expat according to the dictionary of human geography . 
  the oed has a much simpler definition : `` a person who lives outside their native country . '', 
  your , and the article 's , definition of expat is prejudiced against non-british . 
  when you bring up the difference between immigrants and expats , prejudice does play a role in the definition . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't fully agree with you . 
  in your mind , all british immigrants are expats , just like all american immigrants would be . 
  in fact , you do n't consider french people to be able to be expats , despite the fact that the word exists in french ( expatri\u00e9-es ) and that there is a newspaper called * le journal des expats * .
