  if you stay in the same bubble sure . 
  but knowing the fucked up electoral system , the fact that polls were most likely off because saying you were going to vote for trump would lead you to be branded a racist , bigot you name it . 
  not withstanding the fact that clinton is , well clinton ... oh also , a lot of celebrities for hilary went on and on about minorities and women 's rights . 
  well guess what , middle america does n't give a shit about that . 
  i 'm not saying i wanted or hoped trump would win , but in the few weeks up to the ballots i became aware that his victory was more likely than initially thought . 
  a trump victory was always possible and is n't that surprising . 
  now le pen winning the presidency would be a fucking surprise . 
  she does n't have a huge and solid voter base to stand on as the past elections have shown . 
  you 're looking at first round polls , these do n't matter what matter is the second round and against le pen he polls around 60 % . 
  but it 's useless since people do n't necessarily vote for the winner in the first round . 
  you kind of do your thing and if you want to vote for that poutou guy then you can but you 'll vote something different in the second round . 
  as of now i do n't see le pen becoming president or carrying a majority in parliament . 
  i would hardly call ump centre right anymore . 
  they 've very much veered to the right when you look at the likes of fillion or sarko if you go on the fringe . 
  neo this , neo that . 
  it 's getting quite ridiculous quite frankly . 
  what 's next neo-neo ? 
  disclaimer : i did n't read the article i just wanted to complain . 
  to run no , to win yes . 
  unless he 's facing le pen and even then i would n't bet on it . 
  tbh he 's loathed by everyone with an ounce of ethic . 
  he 's got fanboys within his party but that 's it really . 
  we need a euro army . 
  damn that gif is so cool . 
  damn i was so proud of myself \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af, 
  and estrozy . 
  i think we 've got something with all the dirty politicians with a - zy ending names . 
  i 'm one of them . 
  he should do a napoleon iii and have a `` referendum '' to be named president for life and from then on go for sultan . 
  get on with it already . 
  why do people hate the jews already ? 
  i thought we moved past that . 
  and she has the tendency to get involved in politics/government when it 's really not her place . 
  if she wants to have an influence on politics she should run . 
  i 'm really starting to believe that sarko is paying trolls to refute stories about him on the internet . 
  have you ever heard someone being unhappy about their erasmus experience ? 
  i have n't , quite the contrary . 
  sarkozy would say anything to be elected . 
  i would barely be surprised if he decided to run even if he lost the primaries . 
  the yorks and the lancasters would like to have a word with you about the regal symbolism behind the rose . 
  i wonder where you could find such numbers considering that religious census are forbidden in france . 
  is may trying to get fired instead of resigning in order to be granted unemployment benefits ? 
  i went to complain to the poste office once and they told me it would be easier for me to just have it delivered to the post office , since that 's where it ends up anyway . 
  where i live it is managed by chronopost but it 's not actually their drivers but `` free '' worker ( i would n't know how to explain it ) . 
  basically it 's a nightmare . 
  i wo n't get amazon prime any time soon because the delivery men at chronopost are the worst . 
  once , i had one say no one was home but that he left a note ( he did n't ) , then he came back later that day to say that he did n't find the letterbox . 
  i ca n't wait until amazon has their own drivers in france as well . 
  it works so well . 
  why simply scientific paper and not all papers financed through public money ? 
  we do . 
  how does that mean we 're not stable or that we 're ruled by crazy . 
  apart from the proposition to normalise the emergency state i mean . 
  you forgot france . 
  stop forgetting us guys !, 
  in france we have the conseil constitutionnel , that checks if a law is against a constitution or not . 
  however , we do have a very soft ( somewhat pyramidal ) separation of power . 
  true but quite frankly i would n't wish this situation on my worst enemy . 
  i have n't heard anything positive about being a professeur contractuel . 
  but it may be a good way to get some experience in france before doing a capes . 
  sadly yes until the population understand that the state does not prevent all terrorist attacks but aim the prevent them as best as possible . 
  it is worrying to say the least . 
  right now , there is some form of checks against its use since you need parliamentary approval ( even though the parliament is n't exactly independent ) . 
  an extraordinary measure ought to stay extraordinary and i hope they do n't follow through . 
  on the other hand , i feel like we ca n't get out of the state of emergency because if something happens the president will be crucified . 
  it 's a lose-lose situation . 
  well i 'm on mobile so it 's a bit tricky to confirm but it should be really easy to find if it 's run by a private company . 
  as to the emphasis , i 'm being overly cautious . 
  edit : from what i can find it is run by the \u00c9lys\u00e9e and not a private company . 
  we do but it might be difficult to gain entry into the system . 
  in france , if you want to teach you ought to have either a capes or an agr\u00e9gation , which require 4 and 5 years of higher education respectively . 
  however , if you 're looking for a short term position you may want to look into being a teaching language assistant . 
  i could be wrong but i do n't believe it 's managed by a private company but rather by the french state . 
  again , i could be wrong but given that the coat of arms of the president are at the top of the website , it would be strange . 
  in any case , you do n't have much to lose if you 're really interested in coming over here . 
  but is it evidence enough though ? 
  i may claim i 'm going to come home with that person and spend the night with them but it does n't mean i 'll do it . 
  i do n't believe intent is enough to arrest someone . 
  now , if they 've got proof of planning that 's different . 
  we the french people do so love to be morally superior , especially if the usa are involved . 
  i 'd say that 's rather insulting to compare our friends from germany to those morons from the donald . 
  that 's why we need to invest , silly !, 
  checkmate . 
  it 's time to invest . 
  we 're already engaged in multiple conflicts . 
  what 's one more ? 
  do n't `` you people '' me . 
  trump 's `` architectural '' choice is a classic example of american taste . 
  rich americans have , very early on in the republic , sought to imitate and reproduce european taste -- with varying degrees of success . 
  trump 's penthouse is horrible . 
  it 's bad taste , it may be gold but it looks cheap . 
  it has no history in itself but it does tell you a lot about the man who had it built . 
  on the other hand , the palais de l'\u00c9lys\u00e9e evolved through the centuries , each successive owner added their own patina . 
  the gilded rooms of the palace tell the story of power in france , from the ancient r\u00e9gime to the republic . 
  despite the different architectural style and designs you can find , there is a coherence to the building that is simply not present in trump 's penthouse . 
  lastly , this room in the \u00c9lys\u00e9e is not only macron 's but it 's the office of every presidents of the 5th republic before him . 
  it 's not a picture macron 's office but a picture of the office of the president of the french republic . 
  we have taste , trump does not . 
  the gilded features in macrons office ties the room together . 
  trumps room , i do n't know really .
