the story gets a little different for cereal farmers , who receive generous subsidies from the eu . 
  generally it 's animal farmers who have it really bad . 
  you do n't go on strike during vacations silly . 
  unless you work for an airline or a bus company ( the sncf does n't need to be on strike to annoy everyone ) , then strike away . 
  that is not going to happen . 
  our economy is slowing moving toward the edge of the cliff . 
  as long as people focus on greece , they do n't focus on us ... 
  obama should mind his own fucking business and keep out of european affairs . 
  my biggest complain is that he is not governing as he should be . 
  he 's leaving all the work to the pm . 
  he 's basically behaving like he did n't have the majority in parliament . 
  e.g : how he handled marriage equality by barely saying a word on the matter and leaving all the work to his ministers , when on3 of his campaign promise was marriage equality . 
  this is not what is expected of him . 
  the french republic is often called a republic-monarchy for a reason . 
  i do also disagree with his policies , but that 's another story . 
  hopefully he 'll get voted out of office . 
  i agree with you . 
  the ez has to move forward with more integration , and removing greece would certainly help this . 
  i am for a tighter monetary union , although i 'd rather it begin small and expend slowly , than have everyone in it from the get go . 
  also if we could wait until hollande is out of office that 'd be great ... 
  i just looked over the numbers again . 
  draghi is at 14 % . 
  juncker at 10 % . 
  tusk at 4 % . 
  renzi at 0 % . 
  source ( in french ) : http://m.leparisien.fr/politique/sondage-en-europe-merkel-ecrase-hollande-03-07-2015-4916593.php, 
  yeah right . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  hollande is a wimp , he 's barely governing france , i do n't see how he can make merkel change her mind . 
  fun fact : a recent poll asked french people who has the most influence over eu decisions . 
  merkel was up there at 67 % , the runner up was at 16 % . 
  hollande was at the bottom with david cameron at 2 % . 
  i was just replying to your supremacy of british and american spies . 
  i 'm well aware everyone spies on everyone . 
  but i disagree about the supremacy of britain and the usa on the matter when they keep getting caught . 
  i could have used any other country that germany , hell i would have used my own country but they get caught . 
  actually they 're not very good since they keep getting caught . 
  i 'm pretty sure the germans do it as well , but they are a lot better at not getting caught . 
  am french . 
  i agree with you . 
  it 's like french people randomly throwing english words in french sentences for no reason except that it looks cool . 
  ever since the industrial revolution people have predicted that london will eventually burn . 
  it 's still standing . 
  i think there is a huge housing/renting problem throughout europe . 
  a 1 bedroom flat in my little town 1 hour from paris ( by train ) cost 600 $ / month . 
  then i had a friend who paid 400 $ / month for a 4-bedrooms houses with a garden 5 mins from lilles ( next to our belgian friends ) . 
  it 's crazy disproportionate . 
  because it 's practical . 
  cut it in half , open it , spread your butter and dip in your coffee . 
  it 's very good for sandwiches ( although tomatoes are your nemesis in that case ) , for a meal since you do n't need to cut slices into a loaf . 
  it lasts the day so you can finish it with your lunch . 
  do n't buy bread in england more like it . 
  i only bought bread once when i lived there ( by bread i mean real bread , not the thing the english call bread and which is basically pain de mie ) . 
  the crust was soft and the inside hard . 
  i did n't even know this was possible . 
  as a baker 's son this made me weep . 
  since i 'm working for the state i can not accept bribes . 
  i guess i could if was sure nobody knew about it , but i 'd rather have a safe summer job than 500 $ now . 
  i work in a tourist attraction in paris and with my colleagues we used to do a top 3 of the worst tourists . 
  russians : rude , think they can flash a 500 $ note to get what they want . 
  italians : rude , most of the time only speak italian and ca n't understand english . 
  always act like the world is against them . 
  spanish : will speak to you in spanish even though you informed them your spanish is limited to vamos a la playa . 
  acts pretty much like the italians . 
  honourable mention : catalan . 
  same as spanish but they will remind you every chance they get that they do not speak spanish . 
  pretty we currently have french soldiers fighting in central africa or whereever our dear president is spreading our own taste of [ ** freedom ** ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/may/07/france-criminal-inquiry-alleged-sex-abuse-french-soldiers-un-central-african-republic ) . 
  i think france prefers to wage wars in some useless part of africa . 
  at least when we funk it up , nobody will know . 
  i go to paris on an almost daily basis and i 've never had any problems . 
  i guess they 'd rather steal from a distracted tourist than a fat man who might trample them to death . 
  although once i did see one of them gypsy thief get tackled really hard and slammed into a car . 
  there are n't many french titles at all . 
  instead of working an agreement about licensing their own shows to netflix , french channels prefer to have entire channels dedicated to reruns . 
  also since they also buy the rights of a lot of american tv shows , these are also mostly absent from netflix . 
  in fact i think only the public service channels have their shows and shows they bought to rights to on netflix , and most of these are crime or procedural shows . 
  at this point i 'm only keeping my subscription because my mother uses it somewhat regularly and i 'll be moving to the uk soon where the selection is a lot better . 
  preach it brother ( or sister ) . 
  i know i 'm out of here . 
  because the dozens of former prime ministers we still pay for to this day do n't cost a thing . 
  the guy who answered it nailed it . 
  although the spanish royal family is a disgrace when it comes to royalty , but then again they 're french . 
  3615 feel . 
  i liked that one . 
  actually following the end of the napoleonic wars , there existed some kind of entente between france and britain ( although it was not legally binding through a treaty ) . 
  relations did grow more tense under thiers in the 1840s , but before that palmerston once said to de broglie ( french secretary of state for foreign affairs ) that england and france had acted as one nation ( all of this in the context of the eastern question and the rise of russian influence at the porte in the 1830s ) . 
  piss off a terrorist , have a glass of wine and some p\u00e2t\u00e9 whilst discussing about liberty . 
  a woman wearing a niqab sat next to me on the tram a few weeks ago and i had to double take because i thought she was a ninja . 
  was that the french guy who would write in french and english ? 
  see this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  it 's like the pope thing , we have get a french elected and bam he fucks everything up by moving to avignon ( of all places ! ), 
  and we end up with two popes as if one was n't enough . 
  absolutely !, 
  my bad , i 'll edit . 
  la\u00efcit\u00e9 only applies to non-catholic things anyway . 
  thomas cole 's * destruction * . 
  de gaule would weep tears of joy if he could read your comment . 
  what i like the most about this thread and / r/europe in general is that you can have proper discussion and exchanges of ideas . 
  meanwhile in the rest of reddit , they whine and complain and joke about this is truly the darkest timeline ... 
  it 's easier to bury your head in the sand and belittle her electorate , that 'll work !,
