  the nature of this relationship . 
  will we be allies etc. 
  that 's how i understand it . 
  have n't they tried that already ? 
  not at the same time but still . 
  it protects the eu from member states leaving and somehow thinking they should get a sweet deal . 
  you can not replace the current one , or swap eu for uk . 
  the uk 's political and economic standing will not be the same in the event of a brexit . 
  any self respecting negotiator would never accept a new deal with the same terms . 
  i 'm confident for once we 'll all be very efficient . 
  except the law/treaties which the uk approved and ratified . 
  nah mate they 're british see . 
  britannia waives the rules !, 
  apparently ( thanks n. irish mep for that great quote ) . 
  the law protects the eu ... 
  it 's the whole points of the countless treaties and directives , and agreement that have been signed between member states . 
  the letter of the law is clear , you can not make deals with anyone until the 2 years have passed and you 've formally left the eu . 
  now maybe you 'll start informal talks with third parties ( unlikely the top dogs will go for it as they 'll wait for a eu uk deal ) and break the law , opening you up to repercussions . 
  in any case , it does n't matter since you do n't have the manpower to negotiate more than 1 or 2 ftas at the same time . 
  you have around 50 to replace and they take close to a decade to finalise . 
  you do the maths . 
  oh and make no mistakes , if it comes down to a question of survival between the eu and wangland ( which i hope it wo n't ) , the eu will throw the uk under the bus faster extremely quickly . 
  german cars or no german car . 
  that 's negotiating in bad faith whether you like it or not and it wo n't go down with the rest of the world . 
  also why on earth would the eu repeal laws meant to protect it as a favour for a lame duck member ? 
  before you go any further , because you should stop , what you are arguing are based on your own little fantasies . 
  myself , and others , assume according to facts and the most likely outcome . 
  you forgot all the time we tried to seize the eastern shore of the rhine only to lose it later . 
  revolts are not revolution . 
  you need a change of regime for that . 
  it 's important to note that the uk not followed most eu laws for 40 years , but they agreed to it and shape them . 
  but according to that guy it 's ok to act in bad faith if you 're british . 
  then you will most likely be punished for it . 
  it could be through economic sanctions or , even worse , a tarnished reputation . 
  what you are suggesting is akin to negotiating in bad faith , this will surely go down well with your future partners knowing that the uk ( actually just you a random reddit nobody ) can go back on their words or unilaterally void a treaty because they feel like it . 
  the breaking of treaties , if they are unilateral , can have serious consequences . 
  future relationship is not a reference to trade deals but the uk eu relations i would argue . 
  oh so you 're one of those delusional people that believe the uk should get a better deal because they 're british . 
  get your head out of your ass . 
  you can be certain that every procedures will be followed to the letter of the treaties because the brexit , if it happens , will set the course for any future demand of withdrawal . 
  this however , does not mean that the uk wo n't be able to strike good fta but they will have to wait a long time for them , with every single third party , and this will hurt the uk in the meantime . 
  article 50 is to negotiate a withdrawal of eu membership , not a trade agreement . 
  in fact ( i do n't have the text in front of me so take it with a grain of salt ) , article 50 only provides for the repeal of the treaties , or entanglement as many fellow commenters have already said . 
  you would n't dare taxe french wine ... we 'll start a war you know ... 
  champagne has already fallen behind proseco ( ? ), 
  in sales ... / s, 
  the first minister also said during today session at holyrood that the devolved governments have asked to be involved with the negotiations . 
  now whether this will materialise or not is another question . 
  i might move to scotland if you remain in the eu/eea . 
  how do you feel about french ` historian ' of britain ? 
  for a moment there i thought even nigel fucking farage had a plan before the cuntservatives and the labourious parties . 
  the entire article is about how the eu and member states are to act in the event of a withdrawal of membership . 
  no talks until notification is neither smart , nor savvy , nor playing hard ball or sticking it to the english . 
  it 's the words of the article . 
  my bad . 
  your comments were extremely ambiguous . 
  i 'm going to tell you something that you may not be aware of . 
  the wording of diplomatic texts is supposed to be as clear as possible . 
  it has to be , otherwise you could have doubt about its meaning and that 's bad ( this is why it may sound a bit robotic and not very agreeable to read ) . 
  the fact that `` a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . '', 
  is the first sentence of the article 's second point is not anecdotal . 
  it 's because it is the first step of the process . 
  in your mind , the uk should somehow be given - once again - special treatment , even though it ratified this treaty and so agreed to it . 
  i do n't think you realise that this is not simply about the uk , this is about the process of withdrawing from the eu as outlined in the treaty of lisbon . 
  this is the first time that this process will be used and any decisions taken will influence all and every future application of article 50 . 
  the eu can not allow talks to begin until it has been formally notified , because it would imply that it is possible to use it to blackmail the eu into getting what you want . 
  diplomacy is not reddit , it 's not simply politics . 
  the wording of the article was made explicit for a reason . 
  it has to be respected . 
  not a single chapter completed . 
  a few that should be easy to complete . 
  a large majority that would require major efforts . 
  2 total incompatibility . 
  it 's not happening any time soon . 
  or , it 's just the word of the law ? 
   a member state which decides to withdraw shall notify the european council of its intention . 
  in the light of the guidelines provided by the european council , the union shall negotiate and conclude an agreement with that state , setting out the arrangements for its withdrawal , taking account of the framework for its future relationship with the union . 
  that agreement shall be negotiated in accordance with article 218 ( 3 ) of the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  it shall be concluded on behalf of the union by the council , acting by a qualified majority , after obtaining the consent of the european parliament . 
  talks can only begin when the eu has been notified , and so far it has n't . 
  dude , before you can even get vetoed you need to be able to fill out the chapters . 
  you ca n't , you have n't been able to fill a lot since your first applied . 
  shame though , a secular , democratic , and prosperous might have been a benefit to the eu . 
  look at this expert , flaunting his expertise at the little people . 
  shame on you sir !, 
  the 27 heads of state , the executive and legislative branches of the eu want the uk to trigger article 50 , not simply france and germany . 
  the uncertainty of this whole shit show is bad for everybody but they have also recognised that the uk needs some time to land back on its feet , or , as a normal person would say , outline a plan because it 's pretty clear they have none beyond ` let 's leave the eu ' . 
  honestly , i think it would be best to stop relying on the polls so much . 
  they 've proven to be unreliable . 
  however , labour is also experiencing a shit storm so there 's that . 
  tbh , no matter who is the next conservative leader , they have to call a snap election . 
  not only will he/she have very little legitimacy ( elected by tory members ) , but it is probably necessary to put a significant number of these issues to bed . 
  this , however , could backfire badly given the current state of labour and greatly benefit ukip , which i do n't think anyone realistically want to see as the opposition . 
  freedom of movement is not the same as open borders . 
  so it just boils down to the traditional fear of the `` other '' . 
  i guess we should thank the entente cordiale for that . 
  johnson , boris et al. , * how to fuck up the first majority your party managed to secure in over 10 years , volume 1 * , westminster publication , june 2016 . 
  but , but , you do n't have open borders ... first of all , you 're an island , and second every time i go to the uk i need to go through border controls ( both french and british ) . 
  the french even set up shanty towns to control the influx of immigrants attempting to cross the channel . 
  maybe you meant that the `` british people '' disagree with the eu 's freedom of movement , in which case you should word your arguments more carefully .
