   the french and germans were hoping for a meek cabinet that like cameron could return with nothing . 
  instead they have a cabinet that is going to tell the european union how it is , and if the european union wish to play hardball , they will suffer terrible economic consequences . 
   if the uk puts tariffs on german imports , then the german car business will shed 750,000 jobs overnight with four million jobs being lost over the next three years . 
   germany depends on exports , indeed europe without exports is completely stuffed . 
   bring on the negotiations and then hit them between the eyes when the european union least expect it . 
  their arrogance is beyond belief , presiding over a failed economic and political structure that is destined to collapse in one big mess . 
  maybe , when gove said people were tired of experts , he meant those kind of experts who advocate to ` hit them between the eyes ' . 
  i was feeling pretty down after the results were announced , but with all that 's happened since then ( insert german word that mean taking pleasure in other people 's misery ) . 
  you can have more than one best friend you know . 
  i guess i 'll be the one asking the important question ... will there be a live stream ? 
  obviously , you wo n't find anything more than vague reference . 
  but the smile and look of disbelief on the face of the spokesman of the us secretary of state was telling . 
  this man ( johnson ) has nothing to do being the diplomatic leader of the uk , brexit or no brexit . 
  he 's probably one of the worst choice to head the fo save for maybe farage . 
  yeah , the reference is very weird . 
  tbf , france should be noted as best friend . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i personally love the parade . 
  i 've watched it every year since i was a child . 
  i wonder how the rest of the world sees our parade . 
  after all , the same event in russia/china/best korea is often categorised as a display of power . 
  a lot of firework shows happen on the 13th the night before , and the major cities do it on the 14th . 
  no , i 'm incredibly lazy and hate people . 
  last night i watched some mr robot and happy endings with my dog . 
  t'was good . 
  technically i could see the local fireworks from my terrace , but the architect decided to frame it with two massive walls . 
  we 're a pretty boring bunch when it comes to national days i guess . 
  there 's a goat on tv right now . 
  serious question : what do french people do on this day ? 
  personally , i always watch the parade and the presidential address but that 's pretty much it . 
  edit : highjacking my own comment to share a picture i took 2 years ago today . 
  http://imgur.com/sb5go2m this was taken from notre dame cathedral right after the patrouille de france passed by ( and nearly went kaboom ) . 
  there were some troubles outside the fan zone in paris . 
  from what i gathered , it was already full and people were still trying to enter , things heated up , some bins were set on fire . 
  the police used some tear gas to calm people down . 
  nothing to see here . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/international/euro-2016-french-riot-police-fire-tear-gas-at-supporters-outside-paris-fan-zone-during-france-match-a7129906.html first article off google . 
  yes . 
  basically , in the uk they do n't vote directly for the pm but they vote for a party . 
  the leader of the party with the majority of seats becomes pm . 
  if he resigns , like cameron did , the party elects a new leader according to its own rule books . 
  in the case of the conservatives , the mps select 2 names ( may and leadsome in this case ) and then party members ( ~ 150k members ) chose between the two . 
  it was fast this time because the religious nut job pulled out of the race . 
  i think that 's pretty much the gist of it , feel free to correct me if i 've made a mistake . 
  edit : more info on the actual process . 
  misleading title . 
  as usual . 
  keep doing you british press . 
  france . 
  we lost the euro final to portugal . 
  our president did something embarrassing probably . 
  we teargased some people . 
  i heard that he wanted to be pm under jup\u00e9 in a national government . 
  i ca n't source that though , i think it was on tv . 
  we have the same in france . 
  except we do n't have a long ass voting sheet , but a folded piece of paper and we get stamps when we vote . 
  oh and polling in on sundays so you do n't have any excuse not to go . 
  thanks , i corrected the error . 
  actually , it was n't a mistake we are still secretly plotting to get the eastern bank of the rhine . 
  we love you too . 
  strange and amazing how we managed to undergo a 180 turn in a few decades . 
  ( although to be honest we were enemy with most of europe ) . 
  and how much should france pay ? 
  boring can be nice sometimes ... 
  we 've been saying we 'll get it sorted since 2008 . 
  every year we push it back a little . 
  we 're never going to reach the target . 
  so do i. . . 
  i think giroud is more likely to react badly . 
  he looks sanguine during the games . 
  i hope we do n't a pull 2006 2.0 . 
  it 's been 10 years after all . 
  part of me wanted to be cautious / did n't want to believe it . 
  that may also have been their plans . 
  honestly , brexit is the show that keeps on giving . 
  the next saga de l'\u00e9t\u00e9 / summer long saga ( i 'm not sure that 's the right translation ) . 
  and we 're probably going to ride this train all the way to the next decade . 
  gove backstabbed boris to come off third . 
  i 'm not sure he 's a good political strategist , or politician for that matter . 
  on topic : if what they say about leadsom being a religious nutjob , it 's very scary . 
  welcome to france 's linguistic policies . 
  i do n't see the problem with having a co-official language as long as the decisions are still published in both french and corsican . 
  somebody decided to give us power , we like to use it  seriously though , there is not much europe can do . 
  i 'm sure plenty of people would like to end the conflict in ukraine , but we ca n't go to war with russia that would be madness . 
  the eu tried to go through the diplomatic road but it more or less failed , we 've had economic sanctions in place but it has n't truly stopped the conflict . 
  in fact , nobody has managed to do anything to stop or stall the conflict . 
  i never noticed the noise tbh . 
  i went to the farm last month , clear day with winds so most of them were turned on and you could n't really hear anything . 
  i guess if you stand directly beneath , yes it 's going to get annoying but just do n't build them too close to housing . 
  my godmothers husband has a few of those in his fields . 
  he 's really happy about them , he gets paid and that 's less land to work . 
  obviously windmills are n't the prettiest of thing , but i do n't think they 're that ugly . 
  personally they fit quite nicely in ops picture . 
  france should go back to using the revolutionary calendar . 
  damn eu and their rules . 
  it 's gorgeous . 
  i should visit the nl one day . 
  i do n't pay taxes , i 'm a student and as such only pay indirect taxes which have already gone up . 
  in any case , how do you know that direct taxes will have to increase because of brexit ? 
  if the uk remains in the eea , they 'll have to pay .
