what did he say ? 
  yeah i do n't believe it either, 
  funny you say that . 
  i felt the complete opposite . 
  i was on holiday in belgium and the netherlands and felt worlds apart compared to the times i 've been in britain, 
  i doubt it 's british airspace now . 
  i know its in their area of interest ( i think its called that ) along with a part of france . 
  i do n't know if people remember but about a year ago ireland had to call on the uk to scramble their jets to investigate a russian plane flying over our air space . 
  its a little embarrassing to be honest , that we do n't even have any jets for policing our own air space, 
  you 're right there . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_dublin_in_world_war_ii i essentially live where the bombed, 
  can confirm, 
  if you 're going to have an open door policy and with the soft borders across the mainland surely some consideration would have to go into it on behalf of other countries ? 
  or am i missing something, 
  you wont get your money back i do n't think . 
  although certain exceptions may have ben made in this case . 
  i 'm curious to know how much revenue the country has lost out on because of this, 
  i think ireland should tighten up their requirements for citizenship . 
  its one of the easiest eu passports to acquire as far as i know with only a 5 year residency or grandparent who was irish to be able to claim it, 
  limerick has an airport ? 
  just because ireland is situated next to britain does n't make it yours, 
  yep , that 's one flat earth, 
  i read that as `` there are many protestants taking place ... '' lol, 
  is that with three ? 
  i heard the commission is n't having any of that, 
  you forgot the 3 in 1, 
  here it comes boys , pleasure servin witcha lads, 
  irish person here . 
  i 'm afraid we are shit when it comes to learning other languages, 
  i have noticed a significant increase in the number of cranes i see in the sky line of dublin these days when looking over my uni ( ucd ), 
  how ? 
  we are n't obliged to let them become members . 
  tbh i cant imagine it would ever work even if i wanted it to . 
  no way would erdogan put up with eu overriding some of his power, 
  can i have some money too please ? 
  hmm i dunno how about their ideology ? 
  just because someone meets the requirements on paper does n't mean they 're best suited . 
  look at the human right abuses going on over there . 
  too much diversity is not a good thing , you ca n't be all things to all people . 
  now if you asked me this when turkey was very much secular , before the rise of islamism ... then i might have a different opinion edit : shitty grammar, 
  turkey is being held hostage by erdogan . 
  the eu and turkey do n't share common values , plus there is a stark contrast in culture . 
  i do not want them as a member, 
  if that 's the case i hope the eu gets its shit together by the next election . 
  i 'd be so salty if it collapsed, 
  yes . 
  my point still stands . 
  do you live in france ? 
  have you experienced this first hand because you seem to think you know a lot about it . 
  what papers would that be ? 
  every country has bad areas . 
  i could talk a walk about certain areas in dublin at night and feel very vulnerable . 
  in fact a group of my friends and myself were attacked in dublin city centre a number of times . 
  each time they were white , irish scumbags, 
  it 's funny you should say that . 
  since the begining of the eu/ecc europe has never been as peaceful . 
  the whole world benefits from a stable europe . 
  go back to the_donald where your opinion will be upvote in that echo chamber, 
  whey is donegal included in the north haha, 
  ah the ukrainians , a great bunch of lads, 
  that was a funny comment . 
  have an upvote, 
  ah yeah , it 's difficult to tell through text . 
  you 're right i was a bit over the top, 
  if you think europe extends to the chinese border then you 're sorely mistaken . 
  yes , part of russia is in the content of europe . 
  but asking that question is like saying why do n't people consider russian people asian . 
  absolutely . 
  this is such a silly question . 
  it literally borders china and is in the heart of asia ... of course we wo n't consider it european . 
  i wouldnt even consider turkey european tbh , we share no common values, 
  we do . 
  they 're called travellers . 
  they cause a lot of hassle and they have a few in the uk . 
  most live in caravans hence the name travellers and often leave the place in bits once the leave . 
  a lot of their children leave school at 16 and they 're very religious . 
  most people do n't want to be associate with them . 
  a quick youtube search and you 'll see a few videos, 
  wow are you irish ? 
  can you speak gaelic ? 
  forgive me, 
  do n't worry , it 's not his fault . 
  with a username like that i guess he 's english , 
  the chicken fillet roll, 
  just as backwards as you if that 's the case . 
  mayo is eaten on everything here , because of that its not special which would be the same over with you . 
  its just as casual as ketchup . 
  i just do n't get why they advertise it to heavily in food trucks . 
  tell that to the chinese tourists, 
  can i ask why it is so popular ? 
  is the mayo different in some way ? 
  went to belgium a few months ago . 
  could not get my head around why the chips and mayonnaise were so popular, 
  yeah i see what you mean . 
  i suppose if a land mass is beside a country it does n't mean it should be theirs just because they are situated beside it . 
  same applies here . 
  maybe my wording could have been better , i 'm exhausted !, 
  i totally agree . 
  i 'd rather have it as it is now . 
  when it becomes too diluted with other nations we 'll run into problems where people wont feel represented .
