what is it used for , though ? 
  is it going to house officials and government workers ? 
  i imagine it wo n't sit empty . 
  show me a non-corrupt politician in croatia and i 'll celebrate . 
  it 's not even cynicism . 
  try being honest and you get eaten alive by everyone who 's playing dirty . 
  it 's impossible . 
  you might want to arrest all of them . 
  they 're downright dirty down from the local scene in croatia , and i know it ca n't be much better elsewhere . 
  even being marginally involved in politics through my father , it 's shitty shit . 
  the one that counts those who are actively looking . 
  plus , there are different types of students - full time , and part time . 
  part time students in croatia have the same hourly class load ( at least at my college ) , but are * not * considered students in statistics and * do n't * have student benefits . 
  i used to be in school but was led as unemployed in all important documents . 
  i was led unemployed to be able to get healthcare coverage . 
  that does n't count university students , does it ? 
  nom . 
  i 'm really disappointed in how they could n't commit to it . 
  croatia , bosnia ... 
  they could n't even write ` serbia ' ? 
  not that it 's in the right place , but still . 
  does that say something important ? 
  if you 've been trained for a while , subtitles are n't distracting at all . 
  you can do both at the same time and you do n't even notice it, 
  i spent some time in germany and i agree . 
  and thank god we only get dubbing for children . 
  would also be good to see how much a billion is worth in each of those countries . 
  the living standards in some countries are much , much lower . 
  a billion in croatia could get you farther than the same billion in london . 
  bosnia , no rich people, 
  summer is the time when you play outside from dawn til dusk . 
  and visits to grandparents . 
  oh i know it 's correct . 
  just weird and unexpected . 
   czechia really weird to see it called that . 
  i love pickles in a burger !, 
  do americans not put them in anytime ? 
  i ca n't live without vegeta . 
  i want to know if there 's a similar blend in the us . 
  it 's the beeeeeest . 
  i season eggs with it . 
  i 'm right below hungary and there 's usually sweet paprika and hot paprika . 
  aw , i was looking forward to seeing croatia . 
  where did you get the maps from ? 
  it does n't work . 
  in addition to the answers you got , there are also people who refuse to be evacuated . 
  sad , but true . 
  yeah , not saying it 's logical . 
  but romania and bulgaria are generally seen as shitty countries . 
  not necessarily that the individuals are shitty . 
  in general we think croatia is shitty as well, 
  in croatia , they 're seen as poor and dirty and as though they should n't be in the eu : /, 
  my father does, 
  that you buy a lot of stuff at the pharmacy . 
  you do know a million thing can be bought at a pharmacy , right ? 
  i buy cosmetics , skincare stuff , medical stuff , herbal supplements , vitamins , condoms , sometimes even snacks . 
  i live in croatia and 1 eur is about 7,6 hrk . 
  close to sek . 
  0,50 still is n't that insignificant to me when i 'm buying cheaper stuff . 
  but at least it evens out . 
  you win some and lose some, 
  why is it that in that case you pay less , even they could also decide not to give change ? 
  i 'm not comfortable with that much rounding . 
  from 19.50 or 19.75 to 20 , i mean, 
  you need a lot of stuff from the pharmacy ? 
  reading from various sides is how historians try to sort out any bias . 
  get as many viewpoints as possible . 
  books on ` balkan history ' , if you will , could still be useful . 
  i do n't use this meme but also do n't know what it references at all . 
  yeah , it 's juvenile and just makes me sigh . 
  i 've counted votes and it 's more like ` oh , here 's another one ... okay ... ' and you get tired of it pretty soon . 
  * too * much meat and fat . 
  and sugar, 
  i rarely see overweight younger people in croatia . 
  older people who love their meat and fat though , yes . 
  you can see some statistics about young obese people in the eu by sex and age [ here ] ( http://appsso.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/nui/show.do?dataset=yth_hlth_020&amp;lang=en ) . 
  ( info from 2008 ), 
  it 's easy to take out a stewardess if you 're really set on crashing a plane, 
  lol, 
  yeah , they plucked a random nice guy to put on trial . 
  this is a disgrace . 
  all ex-yu war criminals ( regardless of nationality ) should be be locked the fuck up . 
  their actions are despicable . 
  tell that to my father . 
  he 'd get furious with me about draft and wet hair . 
  my father would honest to god punish me and scream at me , call me names , for washing my hair in the morning before going out , or at night before sleep in winter . 
  or anytime i 'd go out soon after . 
  definitely my first thought as well . 
  it 's a vacation house and afaik may not be outfitted for winter living . 
  they 're common where i live , too . 
  usually in rural areas close to where your main house is so you can go often . 
  but that would still end up making it a false flag in a way , do n't argue semantics . 
  everyone gets that this question is whether erdogan orchestrated for political edge it or if it 's utterly real . 
  i 'm sure a false flag can be orchestrated with a bunch of people thinking it 's real * to them * . 
  it 's still false because the real intent of the organizers was to deceive them and further a different cause . 
  i do n't know . 
  i think if it was a fake coup , he knew or managed to instigate it with the help of a few loyal to him who gathered everyone else who was not loyal to him , to use as fodder and man meat for the coup . 
  so most of the men would have been oblivious that it was fake . 
  that would cull the ranks . 
  soooo , are we thinking it was a fake coup ?
