except trump got less votes than romney the republicans shrunk their base and still won . 
  it 's almost like that 's how graphs work or something !, 
  its the opposite of a threat , its a heartfelt gut wrenching fear . 
  i feel your humour meter maybe out of calibration . 
  hold still please . 
  you 'll feel a slight sting . 
  you dont have to but you should . 
  who knows if/when you might be in the shit again and have to rely on the charity of neighbours . 
  pot kettle, 
  or they 're french . 
  where it 's the most common term . 
  there are probably just as many left eurosceptics but not brexiteers exiting under such a ridiculously ideological right wing government is the worst possible outcome . 
  belvoir is said exactly as beaver . 
  wowick is pretty close depending on accent . 
  hard one to write down exactly how it 's said . 
  warwick ( / \u02c8w\u0252r\u026ak / worr-ik ) to copy wikipedia, 
  depends on the origin of the word maybe ? 
  do n't know dutch but nouns especially are a pain in the arse in english . 
  any takers for belvoir or warwick ? 
  there were other local ones too . 
  its a bit more complicated than that , you can but you have to be able to prove you 're not a resident . 
  say if you have a uk license but spent 6.5 months of the year in france then driving a french car in the uk is fine . 
  and now i have pco stuck in my head, 
  if you 're interested in wooden buildings have a look at some of the engineered timber framing materials like gluelam . 
  nah , well treated timber will not burn easily . 
  each to their own . 
  i think it looks like a bloated pastiche . 
  the whole situation is mad though when you read into it . 
  consumed by enui . 
  maybe they were too busy smoking gaulois and staring hopelessly into the void ? 
  i was just changing it . 
  sneaky ... 
  but not that guy, 
  yup , i am a firm believer that anyone who complains about wind turbines should be forced to have a scale model of drax in their back garden . 
  edit : [ this one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drax_power_station#/media/file:northeast_of_drax_-_geograph.org.uk_-_581958.jpg ) not [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mz0anvb.jpg?1 ), 
  i had a feeling that might be the answer . 
  question , why are irish houses almost always grey ? 
  do you really want that though ? 
  historically its not been that great a move, 
  you must live in the only lib dem safe seat left then !, 
  but means less people protest vote . 
  so really who knows ? 
  i 'm sad that so many voted for them . 
  but also sad they , or the greens or anyone else do n't get the representation they deserve . 
  but if we 'd had pr people would have voted differently , so while its a fun statistic to say it does n't really mean much . 
  sweet assumption making there ... 
  given that i unfortunately live in an area with fairly heavy ukip representation i am dubiously blessed by knowing all too well what they 're like ... 
  did he ? 
  reading the often quoted text about ` uncivilised tribes ' he is referring to tear gas . 
  have you got a different source ? 
  no it currently standard right of centre at least in appearance . 
  but the point is the people who will make up the government after brexit are significantly more right wing . 
  for many members of our current government it is the only thing that matters . 
  witness an mp staying regards to closure of some sections of the bbc . 
  well of course it 's the right thing to do , someone could be making money off that ... 
  i would count myself as a centrist really . 
  it 's telling that we have not had a left wing government since the 1970s , and have the loosest financial regulations of pretty much anywhere , and people view corbyn as some sort of lenin worshipper rather than someone with fairly mainstream views . 
  stun gun only has like 40 parts and works with tolerances you could drive a truck though . 
  there are plenty . 
  but the overton window for political discussion in the uk is so far to the hard right that in the event of brexit the left wo n't even be considered . 
  the choice will be between extreme right and extremer right . 
  consequently the leftist are keeping fairly quiet and taking the slightly less bitter pill . 
  aaah the brexit movie . 
  where all regulations are red tape and we should go back the glorious era of workhouses . 
  facebook views do n't mean anything , they count anything over 3 seconds as a view and have autoplaying video ... 
  oh no , we have that every day too . 
  two separate friends of mine have been to romania recently and both loved it . 
  its a country with a its quirks certainly , and a ridiculously polluted lake . 
  maybe if you did n't send a weeaboo ? 
  me too , i thought it deserved to do so much better, 
  it 's the same system they 've used for years just announced differently, 
  poland deserved to lose . 
  their weird al yankovich tribute act was dire . 
  i 'm sorry but ukraine 's entry was dire . 
  that might take quite a bit of money, 
  ` poland looks like all four members of queen at once ' not in a good way, 
  i love eurovision . 
  but competing would be career suicide for most popular artists unless they won . 
  which would be unlikely . 
  i 'm only 185cm fuck bathroom mirrors, 
  i was wondering where all the short people are dragging down the uk average . 
  personally i 'm going to blame the welsh . 
  yeah , you destabilise and replace a few democratically elected governments and its all people ever want to talk about, 
  i think that you have have been dealing with stupid people . 
  english would be buggered, 
  why would i be attempting to insult you ? 
  i mean i can if you like , that is my nominative determination after all . 
  sad fact is in the west w have outsourced our pollution . 
  demand for cheaper and cheaper goods drives lower and lower standards . 
  not just in co2 terms but in waste disposal too . 
  possibly but hurr durr we do n't have to do anything about pollution because china is n't is one of my pet hates . 
  they are smashing forward at a pace unmatched by any other country . 
  yes they might have less installed per capita . 
  but their energy use per capita is also much lower than the west for the same reason . 
  china is now the world 's largest user of solar ? 
  people are producing technology the world over . 
  after a few years of president cheeto you might find the brain drain going the other way ... 
  not really . 
  internet is delivered through fibre optics which were invented in the uk and first used for data in germany and japan . 
  touch screens were developed by cern .
