  android is based on linux . 
  arm processor tech ( most mobiles ) is from the uk . 
  and much else has been invented in the us and all over the rest of the world . 
  let 's just be happy with what we 've got without being parochial and nationalist about it . 
  arm processor ? 
  touch screen ? 
  developed by cern android . 
  google but based on linux which is another euro thing . 
  though that in turn obviously comes from . 
  unix . 
  fibre optics . 
  variously uk ( developed ) , japan , germany . 
  ( used for data ) america definitely does n't have a monopoly on technology . 
  but what they do excel at is borrowing copying and amalgamating into new ideas . 
  hold on to your hats . 
  i 'm going in \\* sorts by controversial *, 
  english translations are excellent and retain the puns . 
  i used to try to read them side by side to improve my french but they were quite often very different jokes but in the same style . 
  if that makes sense . 
  our press is no great shakes either . 
  haha , no , romania has a huge amount of hydro power which is the cheapest by miles . 
  it 's well below the eu average and only hungary and bulgaria are a tiny bit cheaper . 
  time for some big flywheels then . 
  they must do otherwise there wouldnt be a treaty ? 
  [ pdf ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/507431/usa-consolidated_-_in_force.pdf&amp;ved=0ahukewiimvap04jsahwhjcakhwpiavyqfgg4mae&amp;usg=afqjcnfkulhfvojqt-jpgemhihrwchybxa&amp;sig2=d34xqlylra-spz5hxmnhnq ), 
  that would be slightly hypocritical ? 
  does n't tax paid against uk income count against us taxes because of the double taxation treaty ? 
  there are so many exclusions and waivers that if be surprised if boris paid a single cent in us income tax . 
  maybe for capital gains possibly . 
  the uk is certainly blundering about with no one at the helm , but it 's not sinking yet . 
  cultural revolution went for so well for china after all . 
  you mean like the ones that already exist ? 
  not really , 3 % per 1000km is an easily achievable figure . 
  not without massive sweeping changes to our education system . 
  labour laws , relationship with unions , change of government . 
  change of electoral system . 
  they 've built a 21st century economy and our government is trying to remake a victorian one . 
  well depends entirely on how much the uk goes to shit does n't it ? 
  eh , given a choice ... 
  well that 's a bit pants . 
  broad leafs are the way forward . 
  tree plantations are pretty just just a monoculture desert . 
  because bread basket, 
  you should n't be . 
  it 's increased tenfold over the last century . 
  since you know self determination and that . 
  most of western european forests are n't ` real ' so i would n't worry too much . 
  millennia of warfare saw to that . 
  got ta build those boats, 
  [ relevant ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2015/06/16/woman-next-to-you-on-plane-doing-that-annoying-quiet-crying-thing/ ) 3500 irish women travel to uk for an abortion a year . 
  access to justice is something that we take for granted now . 
  that 's really interesting, 
  they 're still into anarchism , so i 'd say 14 ? 
  mentally at least . 
  yes . 
  that 's what i said . 
   but the eu carrying on trying to push the frontiers is good whether or not we island monkeys are along for the ride, 
  i do n't understand . 
  that 's exactly the point i 'm making . 
  that is the point i made yes ? 
  i get what you 're saying , but ` sovereignty ' is not necessary for survival . 
  they did build a full size rocket which they launched a reliant robin with . 
  but for entertainment purposes i remember reading it was designed to crash and the explosion was pyrotechnics, 
  i definitely expected [ this instead ] ( https://youtu.be/pjdrlwr-yfm ), 
  if trump gets a second term then what he thinks might be relevant . 
  if article 50 is declared on time then thats 2 years before we even leave the eu . 
  negotiating trade deals takes a very long time . 
  typically 45 months from launch to implementation . 
  because everything we make can be bought elsewhere . 
  okay . 
  you saw through me . 
  i just think space colonisation is cool okay ? 
  why are the two mutually exclusive ? 
  we need to be doing everything we can to preserve earth . 
  but unless we can get to a complete closed cycle energy and resources wise we 're going to have to keep moving at some point . 
  it is vastly more important . 
  the future of humanity depends on our expansion into space . 
  in comparison brexit is irrelevant . 
  i do n't doubt that . 
  but the eu carrying on trying to push the frontiers is good whether or not we island monkeys are along for the ride . 
  there 's much more at stake than muh sovereignity . 
  me too , we need to make it far stronger . 
  well in fairness when we 've got nothing better to do , attacking the french has been the go to foreign policy for the last 1000 years . 
  why change now ? 
  best news i 've heard in a long time . 
  surging to a massive 1.24 !, 
  still lower than it 's been since 1985 e : back down a bit now . 
  relevant username, 
  salt can be distilled from moose blood, 
  you 're a jerk sterling bowman . 
  a real first class pillock, 
  aah hopefully they learned . 
  cutting your way out of recession does n't work . 
  i do n't . 
  we need a good hard winter to kill off the pests . 
  otherwise your daffs will be eaten by february, 
  well so long as you enjoy frites with mayonnaise then it 's probably okay . 
  maybe because it 's strongly associated with cadburys ? 
  if you have any english relatives you 're probably decended from edward iii, 
  terror can be a weapon of war .
