  more or less the same as norwegian * tsjekkia * as well ( slight difference , i think , but close enough to just be a part of the accent ), 
  [ when we 're talking greece and naming ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/38aridy.png ), 
  can confirm . 
  cheaper alcohol is not an opportunity to save money on alcohol , it 's an opportunity to get more alcohol with the same amount of money . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vxhawz-dcrs ), 
  * ode to joy intensifies *, 
  i was expecting the charge for sending it , at least , but it did n't change . 
  amazing if they 'll send anywhere in the world with no charge ? 
  anyone tried ordering it to non-eu countries ? 
  i just ordered to norway , and it was free for me too . 
  i 'd like to know how it is for non-eea , or if it 's free for * everyone * . 
  i disagree when we 're talking about disney and a lot of other animated films . 
  though it generally have to do with what you 're familiar/grew up with . 
  one of our main traditions in norway during christmas is watching a czech/ddr cinderella story dubbed in full by one man . 
  sure , but with the \u00d8resund bridge it 's nice that we all drive on the right . 
  well , i do n't think it 's a good solution either . 
  but as i said , we value access to the single market , while retaining fish and agriculture , over meps and a seat at the table . 
  we 're even one of the best at implementing eu regulation . 
  do you speak/have learnt french ? 
  or can you live in qu\u00e9bec without speaking french ? 
  yup , that 's my point . 
  if we really cared about our sovereignty , or believed in it , or valued it more than access to the single market , we surely would leave the eea ? 
  no , we like it . 
  his point is that small countries would n't have the sovereignty if they were n't eu members , as they would follow the big players in europe ( or the eu ) anyway . 
  i think we ( norway ) is a good example of this . 
  we value our influence in europe/eu so little that we 're happy with the eea agreement ... 
  do n't you use the word * kuk * in danish ? 
  we use it too, 
  is n't it more to do with the nordic/baltic overlap in telecom coverage ? 
  at least telia ( which apparently own part of lmt ) has had little to no roaming/extra cost for using in all these countries for some time . 
   [ * surstr\u00f6mming * is fermented baltic sea herring that has been a staple of traditional northern swedish cuisine since at least the 16th century . 
  just enough salt is used to prevent the raw fish from rotting ( chemical decomposition ) . 
  a fermentation process of at least six months gives the lightly-salted fish its characteristic strong smell and somewhat acidic taste . 
  when a can of surstr\u00f6mming is opened , the contents release a strong and sometimes overwhelming odour . 
  the dish is ordinarily eaten outdoors . 
  ( two danes trying to eat surstr\u00f6mming ), 
  uh did you see torre agbar ? 
  ah , i remember being in greece 9 years ago . 
  athens was crazy hot , we took siestas and cold showers every day . 
  then going out to the islands was like we were able to breathe again . 
  march was the first month -- that 's why february gets the `` leftovers '' days of 28 . 
  uh oh tourist on majorca rn, 
  \\  is liberal but not leftist \\  `` why do n't you think liberals belong to the left '' liberal means more than just progressive on social issues ( what you mention ) . 
  they 're economically more free-market , non-interventionist , globalist/free trade ( short : on the right ) . 
  liberals are centre or centre-right at the furthest . 
  leftist liberals ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  liberals are n't leftist, 
  that 's what s/he said ... nothing certain , they `` hoppas '' to do it next summer . 
  huh , these flamingos are also all over ( the area i 'm in on ) mallorca . 
   a lot of people gate christianity enough to want to undermine it at any cost , some times simply out of spite  incredibly many people hate islam , and rightfully so so one is okay , but not the other . 
  i 'd take both , thanks, 
  how big do you believe hatred towards christians is ? 
  for example , bigger than hatred towards jews , muslims ? 
  is there any month/day order ambiguity other than on english-speaking internet ? 
  ( not that that ca n't be most of the time for you personally ), 
  we 've gotten several times more people in here because of the single market than you ( per capita ) . 
  would n't surprise me if our fellow scandinavians did too . 
  ( and we 're happy for the workers ! ), 
  you also get people from your commonwealth and the rest of the world . 
  it seems you rather want more of them than fellow europeans , because someone will have to take the jobs the europeans leave behind , right ? 
  in regards to changes , i do think that depends on the coalition , and its parliamentary foundation . 
  it 's not that difficult from your country : if there 's a majority coalition , they get everything they agree on through , but wo n't push stuff they disagree on within . 
  if there 's a minority government , they need to seek support in the parliament in a case-to-case basis , and their budget . 
  might be easy or very difficult . 
  the big difference i guess is grand coalitions like in germany now . 
  i would think that 's mostly day-to-day governing . 
  big issues for the centre-right and centre-left , respectively , are probably agreed to be ignored for the period . 
  so you could say it works they same , it 's just that instead of having several parties , you have put backbenchers and dissidents inside the same party -- and have issues of getting policy through because of internal disagreement rather than disagreement between several parties/within the coalition . 
  i never heard sklodowska before poles on reddit told me . 
  i knew she was polish ( or polish-french ) though . 
  am there now . 
  can confirm it 's drunk people everywhere . 
  surprisingly , there 's some families and couples as well . 
  so many germans though . 
  i do n't think anyone 's talked to me in spanish ( which i speak ) , only in german ( which i do n't ) or english . 
  the drunk folks are n't the most annoying , they 're mostly fun . 
  that 's the people selling shit to the drunk people, 
  language policy about finland is actually to use swedish names for cities ( and country , i guess ) whenever they have an official swedish name . 
  we call it albania . 
  this `` do as the natives '' is n't absolute , and i have no answer why we went against all of europe with * hellas * , but not with * shqiperia * . 
  though during the last ~ 100 years , greece has been in the western european sphere , and a very popular travel destination for norwegians , while albania has been a more closed and anonymous country . 
  maybe that 's why ? 
  also greek is more influential and familiar language than albanian to us . 
  i do n't know if you 're a native english speaker and/or monolingual , but here i find people do write their english ( second language ) better than their norwegian . 
  perhaps because norwegian was learnt and is used mostly orally , while english was learnt and is used mostly written ? 
  chose one . 
  or rather , it choses you ( mostly geographical ) . 
  everybody are mainly taught one ( their hovedm\u00e5l ) , and get some education in the other ( sidem\u00e5l ) . 
  a lot of people hate this , because we get grades in both ( 3 in total in norwegian : oral , hoved - , and sidem\u00e5l ) . 
  fylkene are officially either or neutral , as are kommunene . 
  it can feel unnecessary because it 's the same language , but i personally think it 's because it comes too late ( when we 're mostly `` done '' with grammatics ) , and it 's treated as a separate thing -- why not teach both more together and earlier ? 
  if you ( especially you as a swede ) go to / r/norge , you 'll find some people write bokm\u00e5l , some people write nynorsk , and some people write their dialect . 
  this is true all over the internet in informal settings . 
  people usually stick to one , but people are in varying degrees good at the other -- some can write both , some ca n't write in either !, 
  in formal settings it 's either bokm\u00e5l and nynorsk , of course . 
  note that these ( but especially nynorsk ) have allowed side forms , so there 's some variations in each `` language '' . 
  conservative bokm\u00e5l ( you 'll see it in aftenposten ) are different from radical bokm\u00e5l ( dagbladet ) . 
  note also that we do n't have any official spoken norwegian like standarddeutsch or rikssvenska . 
  really , the ** only ** people forced to speak `` officially '' are news presenters at nrk ( tv and radio ) , which has to `` speak '' bokm\u00e5l or nynorsk .
