yeah me too i just needed a sentence to fit my horrible pun into . 
  its to be expected from the repunblic of ireland, 
  is this a texan i see ? 
  or a hungarian ? 
  german ? 
  must resist the overwhelming irony . 
  you called ? 
  got ta use those nukes somehow !, 
  unlikely . 
  i know how you feel , and our oil industry is collapsing right now because of the saudis . 
  poor polan ... your making me feel bad for you guys , and for dumping you with the russians after ww2 , but it was that or nukes so ... 
  any frenchies here to comment ? 
  give us edirne and the rest of the penisula and we 'll talk . 
  i do n't even wan na talk about wales ... 
  you release it 'll be the germans right ? 
  4th reich incoming, 
  at least we 'll get our independence ( kinda ) as , like 4 different countries . 
  that was never even mentioned until you brought it up - theres a difference between ` some german soldiers ' and ` all germans ', 
  the soldiers were german though ... regardless of the political party they served under , they were from germany . 
  are the jews really still obsessed about the holocaust ? 
  i mean only 6 million of them died , get over it / s, 
  can some french rabble just go kill off this guy already ? 
  i mean , its not like you have n't practiced . 
  someones a tory voter ... 
  democracy fuck yeah !, 
  also beer , instead of whisky or buckfast if they 're glaswegian . 
  i know , what did we do to them ? 
  what the fuck hungary ? 
  go ahead , im not gon na stop you . 
  * cough * * cough *, 
  as someone who lives on the west coast of scotland ... fuck . 
  he 's an utter and complete cunt . 
  edit : apparently , this is about the first minister . 
  she 's cool . 
  ok ... im going to a greek island in a week ... is any more crazy shit gon na happen and there 'll be riots or the island will be sold off to merkel ? 
  maybe to you guys ... 
  well , i would prefer it if the eu was more left-wing and less pro-austerity , but i still feel the eu has far more benefits ( free trade , travel , net neutrality , roaming charges , esa ) than drawbacks . 
  well , since we are not currently running on a huge deficit , then no . 
  he was probably missing his face , thats explains the noodle part . 
  when you have res and do n't see its from the onion ... 
  its not the other western europeans guys , its the immigrants using the system . 
  its not the other western europeans guys , its the immigrants using the system . 
  its not the other western europeans guys , its the immigrants using the system . 
  referendum ? 
  on what ? 
  leaving the eu ? 
  damn , and i thought we had it bad in the uk . 
  in that case , is n't gibraltar also represented by the uk ? 
  also / r/denmark looks like the main sub to me . 
  damn , just played the walking dead game and this was the first thing that came to mind . 
  or if david cameron decides he wants them to . 
  please add an / r/scotland link in the map ... 
  i mean you link gibraltar , which is much smaller than scotland . 
  edit : also faroe islands . 
  wait , how can an electric car measure mpg ? 
  hell to the no we 're not , but the londoners are because they get the tourism . 
  the rest of us would rather see that money spent on the nhs or tax cuts . 
  me too , and i guess the french know best , what with their history and all ... 
  er , i believe scotland has a moratorium on fracking ? 
  ok i have to ask : what is taking so long ? 
  here in scotland we found out our referendum result at about 6 in the morning , and we have slightly more people too . 
  please somebody make eu4 look like this !, 
  good , yeah better than most countries i 'd like to think . 
  yeah , of course . 
  yeah , homesexual abuse even in schools is n't common , at least where i live . 
  yeah , russia are basically playing right into germany 's goals . 
  unite europe , get eu nato , get money . 
  if we do decide to leave the eu , i feel it 'll be the final push for independence . 
  the eu have managed to front the worst of camerons bullshit , and without them i 'd be pretty damn worried . 
  i do not want to see another power grab like the snoopers charter put into play . 
  ouch , seems like you think it 'll be close then . 
  scotland is only about 1/12 of the population of the uk . 
  oooh go say that on / r/scotland or / r/unitedkingdom and watch the sparks fly, 
  damn , another blow to jurassic park . 
  ouch , ukip are gon na love this . 
  one shooting was all it took and the guns were gone . 
  it saddens me massively that events like sandy hook are almost normal to the us public , when we still remember dunblane every year and hold vigils , and have news segments . 
  in the us , these shootings are so commonplace that i doubt they 're even remembered by the general public a year later . 
  really , thats disappointing . 
  i ` ts seems corbyn is abandoning all of the reasons i would consider voting for him ( republicanism , pr , federalism ) in order to please the crowd while bizarally keeping the policies that will make him deeply controversial ( nuclear weapons ) . 
  ca n't see the tories doing that , maybe if labour get it and big jc is in power he might push for it , but even then it 's not a given . 
  i hope we vote to leave , because im selfish and want independence . 
  hey man , we have the london underground to fund !, 
  and which of these looks absolutely shite ? 
  thats right folks , glasgow . 
  historically ? 
  england i guess , but that doesnt extend past sports and jokes . 
  in reality its probably the saudis or similiar . 
  scottish - european - british - world, 
  my point is n't that we dont spend money on infrastructure , but that we dont like to spend money at all if we can avoid it . 
  our decaying train system is a great example of this . 
  well its not enough clearly , 
  nah , we just prefer not to spend money on infrastructure and hope for the best , 
  really ? 
  i 've had to do french from like 9 until 16 . 
  because they 're all gon na have it on the same time . 
  yup . 
  sounds like our referendum . 
  i feel you right now . 
  what side ?
