  pretty much everywhere outside of london = economic decay . 
  yes indeed . 
  i 'm most surprised about how well the uk economy is performing accounting the uncertainty around brexit : i would imagine the montreal effect would take hold however that does not yet seem to be the case . 
  of course these figures are from the end of 2016 - before sturgeon announced another referendum - so perhaps that 's not the root cause . 
  interesting . 
  so you feel that the scottish population has been duped by the snp into blaming it 's problems on westminster and the union ? 
  how would you respond to scots who see the union as the reason their country is ran by a conservative government - surely that is a result of the union and therefore a problem ? 
  apologies if this sounds argumentative . 
  of course i fully agree the debate needs to be settled once and for all . 
  however i object to this being pinned solely on the scottish government ( who i agree are to blame to an extent ) as it 's clear that historically as well as lately the scottish economy has been very poorly managed by westminster . 
  honestly i do n't understand why the english care so much - this thread is utterly littered with them . 
  not much of a partnership if one side is thrilled to see evidence the other is failing . 
  you realise that almost all of that is spending on the nhs , education and the multitude of other public services , not policy over economic growth and development ? 
  the fact of the matter is that the scottish parliament is one of the weakest in the world when it comes to economic power over business and development . 
  auld alliance at work . 
  have to say that what pisses me off the most here is that it 's overwhelmingly british nationalists from england here eager to vindictively clutch onto any media source to project their agenda - despite not actually living in scotland . 
  it 's a grim , schadenfreude ` haha , get it up you ' ; not a healthy relationship or equal partnership . 
  can i honestly ask you why you detest the snp so much ? 
  honestly i do n't want to have an argument here , i 'm interested in seeing the other sides viewpoint . 
  are you from scotland or england ? 
  thank you . 
  this thread is utterly suffocating in indignant english people ; frankly i would feel sick to live in the same nation as them if they truly represent their countrymen . 
  i can only hope the average englishman is of higher quality and moral standing than these individuals , or i deeply fear for my country indeed . 
  truly this thread is inundated with hardcore british nationalists . 
  i was wondering why it was so out of line with the usual / r/europe consensus until i looked at the flairs : overwhelmingly ` united kingdom ' . 
  frankly i do n't fully understand why the english care so much ; if they truly believe it will be a disaster or that the snp are a failure , why not just sit back and let it happen ? 
  have to admit regardless of political leanings the snp have far outperformed most other scottish parties in terms of performance and competence . 
  failings in what ? 
  it 's not as if they have any control over the economy of scotland . 
  surely this only shows that westminster has done a poor job in managing the scottish economy ? 
  triggers me to see god save the queen floating over scotland , especially when you consider the verse about crushing rebellious scots . 
  scottish english classes represent . 
  the dwarf with his hands on backwards ... 
  some of the british redditors . 
  the sane 48 % are being dragged backwards like progressives in turkey right now . 
  gibraltar once taken by the spanish became an integral and direct part of spain ; after annexation by the british it became an overseas military base to influence trade and project naval power , in no way a direct part of britain as a country . 
  because there 's a difference between an area being a central part of a country and an overseas military base ? 
  to an extent ... but it is n't as if britain has any legitimate claim to the area other than taking it by force in a war and turning it into a military base . 
  it 's not as if the uk is a neighbour . 
  because it 's historically part of spain and the uk has no claim to own it rather than taking it by force . 
  i can understand it in principle , it is their historic land on the iberian peninsula . 
  it would be like spain rocking up , taking over dover then populating it with spaniards . 
  it is still their land after all , i can understand why they view it as stolen . 
  i love how this map goes out of its way to use the roman names for terrorities , but still shows northern ireland . 
  until that road is closed for whatever reason ... now the whole block is trapped at home . 
  wait wait wait . 
  what defines a continent to you ? 
  are north and south america the same continent because they are connected by land ? 
  what about asia and africa ? 
  sorry but when 95 % of your country is in another continent , it belongs to another continent . 
  that 's like saying france is south american because of guyana , or spain is african because of ceuta . 
   european regions, 
  most likely a redesign on the event of a scottish exit to keep the flag somewhat similar . 
  even in this scenario ireland winds up next to britain . 
  i love these but the random hills is just too much for me to swallow, 
  let 's be honest , the only reason christianity is n't a real danger is because most people do n't really follow it or care . 
  look at backwards bible belt america : high rates of religion , high rates of , well , being a backwards bigoted dump . 
  ayr is not in the highlands ... you can be forgiven , but they are on completely different ends of the country . 
  the highlands are unsurprisingly incredibly unpopulated , some of the least in europe ( it does n't help that half of the population where exiled either ) . 
  about the only city there is is inverness . 
  http://www.beenthere-donethat.org.uk/maps/highlandmap.gif . 
  look at that . 
  fucking look at that . 
  this is why i get pissed off at english people complaining about the weather . 
  sorely mistaken my friend , i think collectively among your typical anti-immigration englishman there 's 10x the dislike for pakistanis . 
  for some reason it 's just less acceptable to discuss than eu immigration . 
  rubbish . 
  if they came on a boat from libya , then pick them right up and tow them right back where they started . 
  we do n't have an obligation to these people - if libya does n't want them , then they should try harder to keep them out instead of wilfully letting them through . 
  sooner or later the news will spread that the doors are n't open . 
  rubbish . 
  if they came on a boat from libya , then pick them right up and tow them right back where they started . 
  we do n't have an obligation to these people - if libya does n't want them , then they should try harder to keep them out instead of wilfully letting them through . 
  sooner or later the news will spread that the doors are n't open . 
  damn right . 
  the population of europe is what , 500 million ? 
  these countries already best us in terms of population . 
  now they 're going to expand massively further ? 
  that 's not our problem . 
  enough economic migration . 
  yeah but then why use the name england instead of just britain or the uk . 
  again ? 
  not exactly original is it ... 
  ya know we had that in catholic europe too ... then we had a reformation . 
  suppose it 's a bit late for that now , maybe you guys would just be better off becoming athiests . 
  at that point why not just overdose on fentanyl . 
  russian interests always stop just outside their borders . 
  i do n't think its ridiculous to suggest that if russia was to start expanding again they 'd see the former soviet union as a useful indicator of where to restore their borders . 
  2 years each ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's ridiculously low . 
  this is gross negligence , not only murder but torture . 
  you 'd get longer than 2 years for having some cannabis in your pocket . 
  pretty sure breast milk is 100 % gluten free . 
  most formulas too . 
  username certainly checks out, 
  trainspotting, 
  i fully agree , but unfortunately the government reneged on their promises post-referendum to institute federalism . 
  it 's the best sitaution but westminster are too greedy to give away any real power if they can avoid it . 
  go away obama .
