  we always dissapoint ourselves when it comes to sport , this is nothing new . 
  how to convice people to think no voting is the right thing : be a yes voter and act like a dick . 
  seriously you people do more harm to the cause of independence ( which i support ) then good . 
  what a surprise . 
  dumfries and galloway is n't the arse of end of nowhere ... oh who am i kidding it so is . 
  not that far from glasgow ( or the english border ) though . 
  thing is that it is n't though . 
  except these numbers are kinda bullshit . 
  i can see this going down well on reddit . 
  that map tho . 
  the irony if greece shot down a turkish jet ... 
  yeah , those look kinda like they wo n't hold back tens of thousands of people , not to mention all the migrants coming by sea . 
  or examples of how europe never had any males in it till a few years ago ... 
  the louvre ?!, 
  and the pompidou centre ? 
  i seriously can not write a comment that will reflect how disgusted i am right now . 
  why would anyone do this ? 
  to innocent civilians ? 
  we did :(, 
  sounds like scotland to me :p, 
  everything . 
  or in the case of scotland , we mostly blame westminster but the eu for the rest :p, 
   pigs but i do n't see david cameron on that list ... 
  the isle of man is always available  or the democratic republic of cornwall, 
  lol , i guess divorces dont exist then . 
  :( its not you , its the people you vote for, 
  geographically , they are both european countries . 
  an isolationist i see ? 
  we should build a trench on the border and fill it with water , then we can be an island , 
  brothers in arms ( against the english lol ), 
  lol , what about ireland ? 
  russia is technically european . 
  so is turkey . 
  i can think of a way to bring them closer ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) you guys go take back the north of your country and we 'll go move some signposts down to just above liverpool ( because who would want liverpool ), 
   i 'll go for you too , because the only other contender here is england . 
  we only have one neighbour ... damn , england is simultaneously both our favourite and least favourite neighbour . 
  edit : we can into ocean ? 
  ireland all the way, 
  what about everyones favourite peace loving country , russia ? 
  seriously though , how do people from this area treat each other . 
  i imagine your quite young ( reddits demographic ) but do you really hate poeple from the other country or is it more a scotland/england type rivalry ? 
  thats student unions folks, 
  * sigh * denmark , you 're supposed to be scandinavian . 
  yeah , its pretty obvious you should n't rely on the scottish public for anything , we 've pretty much fucked ourselves up throught history . 
  it really depends does n't it ? 
  i 'd never fight for britain abroad or in a war we started , but if it was nazis on the doorstep , full-blown total defence i 'd probably sign up , despite being a scottish nationalist and having no affection to the uk . 
  in theory , westminster would deny a vote . 
  but would they ? 
  the fallout would be catastrophic , it would practically garauntee independence . 
  with you on the other side ? 
  go for it . 
  hey , its either out for a wee while ( best case , not at all but thats maybe unlikely ) or out forever . 
  so what your saying is : britain will leave a full economic and political union , while scotland will leave ... a full ecomomic and political union ? 
  yes , completely different . 
  bitter together , and that goes both ways . 
  the eu chose austerity for the eu . 
  the eu commision can not veto a law , it proposes them through cooperation with our elected representitives , who each commisioner is elected by . 
  frankly , neither system is perfect , but being part of one is better than going it alone , and all the evidence suggests than the eu is better and more popular than clinging on to the uk . 
  unfortunately practicality has to come before ideology sometimes . 
  we can not have a country with hundreds of indetermininate enclaves of the uk because they were slightly more unionist than nationalist . 
  if we 're allowing orkney and shetland to stay in the uk , than why should n't we allow every no-voting constituency ? 
  it 's just not feasible unfortunately . 
  in times of separation clear borders need to be drawn ( see n ireland ) we can not have a haphazard mess of tiny british enclaves . 
  very interesting that , just shows how biased news sources can be . 
  as a scot i would be happy to allow as many disillusioned brits as necessary . 
  i know that does n't count for much but i think it 's the general view of most of the electorate . 
  yes we get that mate , the question is do you think its likely or unlikely that the uk will federalise ? 
  even if it loses most of its value and becomes less valuable than the euro ? 
  i would n't really describe 42nd as tiny , when you consider there 's a population of under 6 million , and theres aroud 190 countries in the world . 
  orkney and shetland are not any more unionist then other no-voting areas , i do n't really see why they should get an exception considering there were many other constituencies that voted to stay in the uk , and presumably still will next time . 
  if we 're going down that route , the uk imposed austerity on scotland , and the entire house of lords is entirely unaccountable to the public too . 
  did the uk government not recently slash renewables funding massively across the entire uk ? 
  because a constantly rising death toll and a fear to be on the streets of the country you love outweighs ideology and lifestyle choices . 
  [ perhaps do your research before making accusations ? 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/stephen_gethins ), 
  [ nah , scotland was more tied to remain , but only by about 5 \u2105 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36616028 ), 
  1329 - end of the wars of independence . 
  but in that bannockburn and stirling bridge can also be found . 
  so we 're just balancing ourselves out ? 
  yeah germany has some strange rules for a relatively new country in euro terms . 
  yeah it 's pretty danke alright . 
  162,000 out of 8 million in one year ? 
  jesus fucking christ , no wonder they want stricter controls , that 's ridiculous . 
  yeah at this point the border gore is just too bad , i think we have a right to invade them just to fix that mess . 
  presumably prisons would be managed on the state level though ? 
  so unless you committed the crime in romania you would go to your states prison . 
  nah , we have nothing against england , it 's seems 90 % of you are absolutely shafted as well . 
  what we do hate is the spoilt and greedy politicians of the south east . 
  nah , it 's all about eurasia . 
  that 's a surprise , all that protesting and yet it still went ahead , i would have guessed otherwise . 
  truly , free speech is dead . 
  i suspect thats a result of the clouds over the portuguese coast . 
  interesting . 
  i suspected there was more at play than simply land borders . 
  to be fair is n't that russian land border like 8 miles long ? 
  not particularly difficult to defend . 
  watch out , the alt right british brigade is hear to downvote every vaguely pro scottish comment . 
  woah because exports simply could not happen across borders right ? 
  i mean i can not think of a single intergovernmental union in europe that has managed to achieve that . 
  damn .
