  which is not really fitting . 
  what they want is the union of the wedding . 
  there is no `` their version '' - it would essentially be what marriage is , but would be named appropriately . 
  two separate things , very different ( a union of gays ca n't result in them having a baby with each other , naturally , for example ) . 
  like i 've said , i support gay marriage . 
  i find it silly to be called using the word `` marriage '' . 
  * the political terms right and left were first used during the french revolution ( 1789 -- 99 ) , and referred to where politicians sat in the french parliament ; the original right in france was formed as a reaction against the left , and comprised those politicians supporting hierarchy , tradition , and ** clericalism ** . 
  * source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-wing_politics you were saying ? 
  prime minister marcinkiewicz was kicked out of pis shortly after . 
  he then left his wife and children to live with a woman ~ 20 years younger , divorced his wife , then married the young girlfriend , then she left him and he returned to his old family . 
  if you wish to gain benefits of marriage you can prepare a legal paper with a lawyer for sharing your wealth with your girlfriend . 
  i do n't understand why do gays seriously want it to be called marriage and not fight for their own version of it . 
  i also want to be clear on one thing - i fully support gay marriage and would welcome it in my country . 
  what i 'm saying is , you guys deserve the same benefits of a wedlock , but it would make things easier and cause less of a fuss . 
  as for abortion , since when is it illegal in poland ? 
  unless you mean you want to abort a 4th month fetus , then i 'm pretty sure that 's illegal in any civilized country . 
  you ca n't call yourself rightist then , as your movement was built on the ideas of clericalism . 
  :-) you may be a supporter of social inequality , but that does n't make you a rightist , so do n't use that name . 
  i do n't know . 
  can you ? 
  to be fair , i find both parties to be equally bad . 
  a year ago i would root for po , but after the things they 've done this year i 'm glad that they are no longer in charge . 
  mostly the thing about expressing the readiness of accepting thousands of economical migrants from syria , while they do n't even want to be in our country and accepting the eu decisions no matter what the public opinion is . 
  this is a democratic country , they were chosen by the people , and they did n't fill out their promises . 
  i do n't expect pis to do so , but at least they are able to look at things critically . 
  who 's trying to force them , though ? 
  i mean in reality and not in your head ? 
  by your logic if they elected a vegan for president , you 'd expect meat become illegal ? 
  see , this is the problem with leftists - they try to make people who respect religion and tradition be viewed as xenophobic gay bashers . 
  your ignorance is baffling . 
  because it is used in a negative context . 
  the general public 's opinion would be `` they do n't fit , we do n't have work for them , we do n't have money to support their welfare , they are known to have been causing problems ( muslims in general ) etc. '', 
  among these words you can find some xenophobia , racism and alike , but the main concerns like they do n't even want to be here , they wo n't be able to communicate , there are no places to keep them , no funds to support them ... they are turned into `` oh , those nationalists are at it again '' like it 's a small group of neo nazis complaining about it . 
  now that there 's no left wing left in our parliament , the western media is commenting on it like the government is 100 % neo nazi homophobic xenophobes that bash islam and hate other countries . 
  100 % nationalists , because if you 're not a leftist liberal then you must be a nationalist , right ? 
  this is why it 's ridiculous to me how these people are lacking the basic understanding of politics . 
  as a pole i am disgusted with the people who migrate to other european countries with their free welfare plan in mind ( i am aware that many people from my country do so ) - for example couples that do n't get married so that the mother could get a single mother 's pension , even though she lives with the father . 
  there are people who go there so that they can become parasites and , trust me , they are being despised by the non-pathological poles . 
  they give us bad reputation . 
  the people who come to your country to work are usually the educated and experienced workers , coming to work , not to take advantage of their country being in a civil war , so they migrate for handouts . 
  there 's a huge difference between an able immigrant helping your economy by becoming your cheap working force you can communicate with and doing a fine job and tens of thousands of people you instantly need to provide with shelter and sustenance . 
  you think that poland has tens of thousands of empty houses available for them ? 
  do n't call the right wing nationalists . 
  it 's one of the most ridiculous claims made usually by biased media and pro-immigrant groups that try to force a skewed point of view about the polish parties that value tradition and are close to the church . 
  apparently when you 're not ecstatic about allowing thousands of unemployable migrants to your country that struggles with poverty and unemployment , you 're suddenly a nationalist . 
  commie logic . 
  lol , proves that they were right . 
  lol, 
  for those who do n't know - there 's this certain polish mentality that makes some people wait outside the store to grab some bargain and they would fight over stuff on sale . 
  this is one of the videos showing people fight over bags . 
  i do n't listen to hip hop . 
  i 'm not a fan of westerns but i dig how indians are in touch with nature , even when someone 's part-indian they are very fond of their heritage , talk legends about the mannitou and stuff like that . 
  yes indeed . 
  oh , this is classic lidl promotion reaction from our polish peasantry . 
  in poland the main sport is probably pici polo . 
  it 's certainly the most popular sport here . 
  it 's kind of like polo , but not quite . 
  it 's hard to explain the rules . 
  there 's pretty much a huge community of these people on a popular polish website called wykop ( wykop.pl ) which is pretty much a polish knock-off of the old digg when it was still a great site . 
  they 'd inform each other on the sweet finds they got from `` majfrends '' ( how we call chinese sellers because of their abuse of the phrase `` my friend '' ) when they stumble upon an item that was inexpensive and turned out working fine and not a cheap counterfeit/counterfeited well enough to pass off as the original . 
  we even had this chinese guy who signed up there because a lot of poles bought from him , and one of the sellers told him about wykop . 
  we treated him like our mascot and the mods even let him spam his deals ( it 's against the terms of service normally ) . 
  so yeah , it 's kind of funny , but i understand people trying to find their niche and this is also a kind of hobby for some low profile resellers with small budget . 
  i can understand that and i respect them , but i still find it funny how they operate . 
  sarcasm used wrong there , buddeh . 
  not exactly . 
  i meant this rather peculiar kind of resellers who try to find their niche by finding cheap crap from china or buying out items from these big rebate events . 
   you might sound too nationalistic you do n't seem to understand what the word `` nationalistic '' means , guy . 
  because people who do that are mocked in our country . 
  i wanted to make it clear . 
  you see a video named `` polish people rush for [ insert item ] like a savage mob '' and someone from say uk might think that poles in general are like these people . 
  when in fact we have these people with a specific kind of mentality that are easy to sway with any kind of promotion like this . 
  `` oh , gra\u017cyna , they 're going to sell crocs for 30 zloty in lidl !, 
  they usually cost 100 zloty ! '', 
  and gra\u017cyna goes `` what 's crocs ? '', 
  to which janusz replies with `` they are these rubber slippers with holes in it . 
  not like the normal slippers you can get for 12 zloty , but a fancy brand . 
  they cost much more elsewhere . 
  we should buy 10 pairs . '', 
  i 'm not naming a person who likes sweet deals a plebeian or a peasant . 
  i mean the type of people who would start camping outside a store a day before the opening , then rush into it after they start letting people in . 
  a zerg of plebeians pours into the store and tramples whoever gets in the way . 
  because they can get shoes $ 40 cheaper or carps are 70 % off . 
  `` family , we 'll be eating carps this month . 
  daddy bought 300 pounds of them on lidl sale . 
  we eat like patricians now . '', 
  lol , i see what you did there . 
  no typo - carp as in a kind of fish . 
  as a pole i can confirm that this is what our plebeians do . 
  you can say that there is a phenomenon in our people that a huge group of people would fall for any kind of black friday type promotion - for example carp sales , out of season ladies ' bags , nordic walking sticks ... things that are usually rather expensive and suddenly much cheaper usually during a new store opening . 
  there are also the slick peasant businesspeople who would buy these things in large numbers and resell them on allegro ( a polish ebay-like portal ) later for profit . 
  it 's a rather large number from the population but to be fair , the public looks at people who do that with pity and we find it ridiculous as well . 
  i 'm a pole living in poland . 
  during the recent elections the prawo i sprawiedliwo\u015b\u0107 ( law and justice ) party has won the election . 
  i was rather happy with the result even though it was n't the party i voted for . 
  namely because the platforma obywatelska ( citizen 's platform ) no longer is in charge . 
  i would like to explain how stupid and not related to reality the claims of nationalism and such are for the winning party . 
  pis ( prawo i sprawiedliwo\u015b\u0107 / law and justice ) is not a nationalist nor even a right wing party - pis is a center party best described as a social democratic party that values patriotic and catholic traits . 
  pis is not an orthodox catholic party . 
  it is the party officially supported by the polish catholic environments ( for example radio maryja - the catholic radio ) .
