  case closed , dumb ass . 
  how is my comment deleted ? 
  are you too dumb to know how to use reddit correctly ? 
  lol, 
  this is the lack of refinement and basic understanding of manners you and your kind of people represent . 
  i think i do n't need to say more to that . 
  i 'm polish you dumb piece of shit . 
  it 's nazis who tried to force their ways on our country and we prevailed . 
  now germany wants to make us accept tons of muslims or else we 'll be punished or forced to accept them ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  you dare call me and people opposing this kind of display of attack on sovereignty `` nazis '' ? 
  get out of here , you demented fuck . 
  you 're probably german as well , judging by your user name , so stop calling me what your grandpa was . 
  this was on wykop.pl recently and there was an explanation in the comments . 
  it 's an old video used by a spammer channel on youtube as clickbait . 
  where do people like you come from ? 
  seriously . 
  the islamic state outright said that they will be sending their agents alongside the refugees , and there 's been a hunt after a rank s terrorist ( rank s means he poses danger to the state ) in calais , who was hiding amongst the refugees and tried to access uk . 
  wake up already . 
  or are you this dense ? 
  tchetchen refugees were being pacified . 
  this is an old video that 's being used as part of the anti-polish hoax and apparently more and more people are falling for it , judging by the upvotes . 
  this did n't even happen in poland . 
  propaganda level : north korean, 
  this is not in poland . 
  they are not the syrian muslims , and they are tchetchen . 
  this video was shot a year ago or even before this is propaganda trying to make people think that poland is the land of racists and xenophobes . 
  use your head and look at the facts . 
  the writings on the vests - are they written in polish or in russian ? 
  exactly . 
  you 're trying to convince persons of poor intellect , therefore they will respond with adequate responses . 
  they ca n't understand that a person neutral to the government can defend its actions when they are just or being slandered . 
  why is it that ignorant people like you only have one argument when they are being presented with facts ? 
  you usually go with `` paid troll '' ( look up what troll means , btw , because your kind keeps using the word wrong ) or pis supporter . 
  they do n't pay me and i do n't support them . 
  i never voted for them nor do i find them a remarkable party . 
  i do however find them 1000x better than po , which is not really much of a compliment . 
  when it comes for the propaganda in national tv it 's something the ruling parties have been doing for a long time and i guess it 's something you could call `` normal '' at this point . 
  the part about your country 's government changing the constitution for their own advantage does make a valid argument , i have to agree . 
  the thing is , as history teaches us , there used to be a law that made it possible to question anything the sejm tried to put into action ( liberum veto ) - pretty much any member of the parliament could veto anything and it lead to the country falling apart . 
  in schools they teach about this law has brought poland 's downfall and how it was overused by the biggest douches . 
  i understand that is the minority in sejm wanted to block any reform , they 'd go for the tk method and delay them as much as possible . 
  who needs that ? 
  as a pole and someone who did n't vote for the currently ruling party i 'm still disgusted with the propaganda spreading lies about some kind of attack on democracy . 
  the currently ruling party did two things that are being questioned : - replaced the people being responsible for the public media , with their own ; not the polish media in general . 
  there are several channels that are public and governed by the members of the parliament , and it 's been like that since around 1989 . 
  the previously ruling party did the same and appointed their own people ( the ones that were recently replaced ) . 
  the whole fuss around it is ridiculous . 
  the whole argument is over a few national channels ( tvp1 , tvp2 plus the regional and thematic tvp stations ) not any privately owned station on the multiplex . 
  - revolutionizing the tribunal was a bold move but if it was n't done , none of the improvements made by the government and accepted by the president could smoothly be put into action . 
  the way tk was handled it made it possible to question the government 's and president 's decisions by the minority in sejm . 
  the currently ruling party and the president were both chosen democratically . 
  stop turning this into some kind of a tyrannical move because the current polish government does n't fully support each and every dumb idea the eu forces its countries to accept and wants to slander poland with their propaganda . 
  how is it forced ? 
  you clearly have no clue about what you are talking about . 
  we are discussing the fact that lessons of catholic religion are funded by the government . 
  they are in no way mandatory . 
  people gave their property to church . 
  that was their will . 
  the communists then took that property away . 
  the independent poland returned the properties where they could and tried to repair some atrocities made by the soviets . 
  for somebody who is not polish it is probably too hard to understand . 
  so if they are economically leftist , then how can they be called nationalists ? 
  they do n't say that we should close our borders or limit the market to national producers . 
  so if a party values diversity and supports same sex marriage , it should be called gay lobbyists ? 
  because that 's the logic your comment suggests . 
  boo hoo , poor kids sitting outside doing `` nothing '' . 
  how about go to the damned library and read , huh ? 
  church property has been taken by communists . 
  it was one of the ways the country has to repay the church . 
  how is it wrong ? 
  there 's no law forcing anybody to take lessons on catholic religion . 
  :d it 's a privilege made by the government due to a concordat ( from 1989 or somewhere around that date ) . 
  any child can take lessons of religion study if that is the will of their parents . 
  children are n't forced to take part in it , and the conversation was about if it would be valid to choose this subject for the matura exams , since it 's part of the teaching program . 
  what 's the big fuss about ? 
  your statements have no base in reality . 
  therefore your attempts at proving anything make you look ridiculous . 
  what were you trying to explain exactly ? 
  that you 'd like to be able to get an abortion on a 7 month old fetus on a whim ( notice i did n't call it `` baby '' ) ? 
  or that you want to be able to use a term that does n't apply to you because that 's how you want it to be ? 
  you 'd fight for your cat to be legally treated and named a dog because it barks , too ? 
  actually , he was the president of warsaw . 
  and they made him pm so that the leader of pis would take his place after a few months and become prime minister . 
  this is exactly my point . 
  i also do n't like that party nor have i voted on it . 
  i 'm seriously angry at how they are falsely accused by people who clearly have no clue about what they are saying . 
  i ca n't be insulted by it , as i have never voted for a pis candidate . 
  :-)  saying that criticizing political parties and that or how they govern and you 're missing the point . 
  i 'm saying that they are neither a nationalist party ( the nationalist party did n't even get 5 % in this year 's election ) nor the claims about their supposed governing ideas are made up by the media that are either ignorant on that matter or repeating nonsense spewed by badly informed leftists and liberals . 
  it 's also being used in poland . 
  or pretty much any country on the planet . 
  your point ? 
  why would there be any other valid reason to do it ? 
  `` exception of health issues or the pregnancy being the result from a criminal act . '', 
  so how is it banned ? 
  you 're using wrong words to force your ignorance 2 . 
  i agree , but the term marriage is already defined for an union between a man and a woman . 
  get a new term , same benefits and meaning with the exception of it being two persons , not a man and a woman . 
  they are using the term marriage .
