heh , 1 reply message . 
  autistic boy , of course . 
  [ replies to autistic boy ] lol, 
  heh , i guess you 're too dumb to realize , eh ? 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  when i see your username i do n't read your shit . 
  contain your autistic butt hurt already . 
  you keep replying with paragraphs i do n't read , you moron . 
  * mirror *, 
  * mirror *, 
  it might be better to be an ass hole than let others fuck yours . 
  * mirror *, 
  it is true . 
  in poland it is . 
  convince me they do n't . 
  they were able to traverse the borders without passports and are supposed to receive 2000 euros a month in social care . 
  this is over 4x more than any polish citizen would receive for disability social payment ( not sure how `` renta '' is called outside of poland ) and a polish citizen ( therefore an eu citizen ) would have to wait several years to receive communal housing . 
  they are supposed to receive them with priority . 
  so how am i wrong ? 
  explain it to me , wise ass . 
   so basically you are saying poland should not take in any refugees ( other than polish refugees from ukraine ) at all , right ? 
  learn to read with understanding . 
  why is it that leftists enjoy putting words into a different context ? 
  what i 'm saying is there is no place for these people here as we do n't have the means to house them . 
  accepting these refugees would mean that the people who are really in need would n't receive theirs , while a bunch of economical migrants who do n't even want to be here ( they want to be in germany ) are forced in to take that place with priority . 
  as for the polish refugees - eu denied them help , but we are supposed to take in the syrians to help germany with their problem . 
  that 's ridiculous to us poles . 
  `` you have autism . 
  :d '' translated by bing !, 
  i 'm still not reading your autistic paragraphs , you schizo . 
  new hampshire is not in poland . 
  yeah but it 's the polish law . 
  trust me , i was part of the voting ballot commission on different occasions . 
  i knew it was autism . 
  you ca n't not reply , right ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  in poland it 's kind of a big deal to keep it hush hush during the voting day - you can get fined for agitating for a candidate or even talking about who you think is in the lead . 
  taking a photo of the ballot is also forbidden because it would mean you took photos inside the voting area , and it 's only allowed for certain people to do - for example reporters who received a permit and the ballot chairperson 's ( the person appointed the head of the specific voting area ) permission to do so . 
  a regular voter in poland would break the law if they took the ballot out of the voting area or photographed it . 
  might sound silly , but it 's the polish law . 
  your autism is showing . 
  still going ? 
  are you suffering from a communication disorder ? 
   if you draw outside the vote is still valid that is terribly wrong . 
  the vote would be counted as invalid if the x would be outside of the square even if it was next to it . 
  it can go beyond the box - that 's what you mean . 
  to be clear . 
  lol , still going ? 
  i must 've wrecked your self-dignity somehow . 
  you know you were n't supposed to take photos of it , right ? 
  i mean , it was illegal to take photos in the voting sections , unless you were a reporter with a permit . 
  maybe he 's too ashamed of his own nation so he feels the urge to troll it out like that ? 
  paragraph = mad lol ps . 
  i 'm not reading that . 
  like i 've said : discussion over . 
  learn to read . 
  is petty insults all you can do ? 
  it shows your lack of manners and low intelligence . 
  this conversation is over , you 're clearly below my intellectual league and i wo n't participate in a flame war with a person who can not come up with one decent argument without resorting to name calling . 
  behavior like this shows the person behind the words pretty accurately . 
  i 'm not reading all that maness fueled spew . 
  enjoy being a retard with no comprehension of economy nor common sense . 
  how do they take out the money out of uk 's economy , if they are their labor force , increasing the economy , then paying taxes , further supplying the country 's budget , and if they send money to their families , it 's the net income , you fool . 
  i 'm seriously thinking you might be a kid , considering your complete lack of understanding of the economics and how they actually work . 
  who said the syria crisis is germany 's fault ? 
  who 's the clueless person here ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's you , as you ca n't even comprehend what i 've said . 
  top kek . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  these migrants pay taxes in the uk , so your argument is invalid . 
  too long , did n't read , germanboy . 
  must 've taken you long to write it in that meltdown of yours . 
  lmao , it 's more like taking a bank credit you have to pay off . 
  wake up , are you 12 ? 
  who 's a nationalist ? 
  why do you keep bringing them up , by the way ? 
  do you think that calling me one would insult me ? 
  as for refugees . 
  : my country has been trying to help polish refugees in ukraine , them escaping russian rebels , and we have not received any help from the eu , nor did it interfere in any way . 
  now they expect us to help them clean up their mess and shit out thousands of shelters for the immigrants ? 
  are you insane ? 
  we have people in our country who applied for communal houses out of poverty , and they have been waiting for years to receive one . 
  you think we 'll have 10 000 apartments ready for your economical migrants from syria ? 
  or do you want us to build them tents in the middle of some badlands ? 
  since when is poland dependent on the uk ? 
  our gdp has n't dropped once since 15 years or so . 
  are you mentally ill or do you make up every argument you spew out ? 
  look up the facts before you make a fool out of yourself . 
  i was n't even talking to you in that comment . 
  chill , hitlerjugendboy . 
  i 'm not xenophobic - i would welcome basically any nation in my country , syrians included . 
  it 's the way they are being forced to my country despite the democratic voice being against it , and our sovereignty being threatened with force by people like merkel and schulz . 
  my stance here is : germany , we do n't want to clean your mistakes and accept economical migrants , you claim are escaping the terrorists . 
  and to the author of the comment above mine : unlike you , i 'm a well-educated and well-mannered person , so i wo n't result to petty insults ( like you did ) , as i have valid arguments on my side . 
  you 're still trying to dodge the obvious fact , germanboy . 
  you 're german . 
  do you seriously not see the irony in this ? 
  :d you can talk like that to your grandparents . 
  that was n't even my comment you dumb fuck . 
  lol , so you are german .
