  not until a short time ago they were invaded by russia x.x, 
  that is a grosse missclassification of the eu and much of the work they do . 
  it 's a european cultural/economic/cooperative union born out of the ashes of too many wars . 
  i see nothing wrong with being proud of what the eu stands for . 
  we share so much in terms of values and culture that a more cooperative/centralized association in the continent just makes more and more sense . 
  it 's the natural tendency of cooperative states . 
  if you want a better comparison i 'd suggest maybe the former highly decentralized holy roman empire and it 's reform into germany . 
  it mimics the peaceful centralization of state a lot better . 
  the british empire on the other hand is a remnant of the type of thinking that actually led to the world wars that devastated our continent and our global hegemony . 
  it was never cooperative in nature but viciously competitive . 
  by all accounts it all just was about empire . 
  oh sorry i did n't mean it like that . 
  i mean like creating proper infrastructure , getting rid of cultural stigma and yes subsidies do help a lot . 
  i think europe would be a much nicer place to live if we all did like france and did n't centralize our population to the urban centers like madmen . 
  although i do agree with what they are doing what is the legality behind it ? 
  from what i understand the minister is in the netherlands mostly campaigning correct ? 
  please correct your oversight . 
  the numbers for portugal are wrong ( and are somewhat insulting ) . 
  culturally meditteranean . 
  and the climate is technically meditteranean . 
  portugal reporting in : right is proper coffee , left is sewer water . 
  mediterraneans will mediterrate . 
  odd , i asked for one in munich and the one i got is the right one . 
  sorry i 'm just doing duolingo and basically starting out . 
  i had them , but my parents insisted i read them in french ( i was portuguese and on my 5th grade so no french classes yet ) so i ended up not liking it very much, 
  fun fact , the spanish , french also work with the portuguese . 
  i agree , but i feel like we need to something more than simply give them money to do what they should be doing in the first place . 
   taking care of the planet and especially the rainforests is our shared responsibility . 
  sounds to me like some countries are holding forests hostage . 
  should n't the countries there be responsible for it though ? 
  oh sorry yes , that makes more sense . 
  ohhh i see !, 
  i thought deforestation was a non-issue in europe ? 
  that most forests were booming compared to 100 years ago . 
  and the portuguese established several trading posts also . 
  thank you kosovo . 
  we 'll take our nato peacekeepers back then . 
  these maps used to be fun . 
  used to . 
  now i 'm too busy begging to appreciate them . 
  too much gayness in this map . 
  looks like it was done by 8th graders . 
  if this is part of the official curriculum of schools in hungary , it says a lot more about hungarians than it does about germany/greece/spain / oddflag/oddflag . 
  this is so odd . 
  it genuinly registers as a separate person in my brain . 
  mister italian ruler . 
  in really old buildings in lisbon that need to be demolished we usually do the opposite . 
  we preserve the facade and usually build on it a little . 
  a little bit like this : http://www.cm-lisboa.pt/uploads/pics/tt_address/lxi-2384-01.jpg, 
  humidity counts also though . 
  i 'm in the us now with 30c and trust me . 
  it is not the same . 
  the air is hot soup . 
  not the first one though . 
  that fund has been used before in other banks , though not in one so big . 
  i 'd rather tax goods from countries with bad labor policies . 
  i see where going back to our old ways x ), 
  * geneticists everywhere * : `` please do n't '', 
  agreed . 
  and to be honest this system makes more sense in my view . 
  everyone is holding their breath on the next all saints day, 
  i 'm picturing tall dutch gingers going all lebensraum with their bikes in belgium now . 
  dammit it 's hilarious . 
  why must everyone in the internet be like this ? 
  jeez . 
  so easy to jump to conclusions . 
  i 'm just saying it still remains speculative and hypothetical . 
  i 'm not saying it would n't work or that it 's a bad idea . 
  i never did . 
  my background is in a.i. 
  so no , i do n't have a phd in macroeconomics and no i 'm not an expert in the field or familiar with the academic consensus beyond what articles pop up every now and then on the subject ( usually already agaisnt the status quo otherwise they would n't show up on the media ) . 
  but it strikes me as reductive to think that because it happened in a particular way in iceland or spain or greece that it would be the same in portugal . 
  from my layman 's standpoint . 
  i do n't agree with austerity in principle ( and probably almost no one does ? ), 
  but i do agree , in abundance , with the desperate need for reform in portuguese government and , especially and most importantly , wiser spending and transparency . 
  which is something that i believe has been progressively happening , mainly due to the lack of available funding , the need for strong economic indicators and now with the completely new cabinet . 
  as for the consensus and the `` suffocation '' : germany 's position was exactly the one i describe . 
  play ball , reform , spend in accordance to your means ( or in greece 's case : wtf do n't lie about spending anymore please ) . 
  in my view it only pushes the need for more power to the eu government itself . 
  like costa said , we need more power to act on this level from the eu 's perspective and not the individual state 's . 
  as for your request for specific reforms pushed forth since 2008 ( ! ) . 
  as i said my own knowledge of it is non-specific but if you 're interested a quick google on it showed me plenty of information and reports on it . 
  to be honest i do n't see a full tax and budget union happening . 
  at best i see something akin to the usa tax system . 
  you , an eu citizen , pay directly two separate taxes , one for eu budget and one for your own government . 
  some spending , like common military spending or border control and so forth falls in the eu whereas other falls in the local state . 
  does it show i 'm in it ? 
  i was n't dismissing anything . 
  i was just saying it 's wrong to reinforce prejudices like that by writing such headlines and framing articles like that . 
  in truth , i 'm blaming whomever wrote the article . 
  they should know better . 
  we all should . 
  the argument is that austerity did n't work or would n't work because we did the opposite now with good effects . 
  and that remains to be hypothetical at this stage . 
  the economic climate changed considerably and like many others pointed out we did n't just do austerity . 
  we reformed a lot . 
  ( not all that we should have , but a lot ) . 
  i think it 's high time we abandoned this us versus them attitude . 
  it 's not constructive in the slightest . 
  well duh .
