- should n't it be highest jihadist rates ? 
  also , we had a big jihad here in the iberian peninsula a couple of years ago . 
  ended poorly for them . 
  this is why it should have been handled at the european level , not at the individual state level . 
  so basically syriza needs to readjust the party line more to the center in order to function ? 
  sorry , i 'm a byzantine at heart . 
  i 've been to both capitals ( edit : i forgot , constantinople is no longer the capital ) and ... ... 
  i 'm considering going back to istanbul as it just has too many interesting things to see . 
  why ? 
  portuguese neutrality was a pragmatic one . 
  the iberian peninsula , as a whole , was disinterested from further fighting ( signing non-agression pacts etc ) so amicable ties were made with both axis and allies . 
  also to add to the topic : i find that there is a considerable distance when the topic is broached in classes - which makes sense i think , as this is possibly one of the few that is mandatory to the curriculum where we were n't so directly involved . 
  yes . 
  why not both ? 
  this is offensive . 
  i 'm calling peta . 
  center should be rome . 
  spqr has spoken . 
  explain this to me , so news are copyrighted now ? 
  i ca n't quote them ? 
  portugal here !, 
  we have the azorean archipelago and the madeira island !, 
  they are autonomous regions and boast interesting exports such as tea and pinneapple . 
  azorean tea is unique in that it doesnt need any pesticides as it has no natural predators !, 
  it does make some sense for countries with debt problems , such as ours , to lend some ( ! ), 
  money at a very profitable interest ( 30 something percent ? ), 
  to other countries ( since we can finance ourselves at cheaper rates it 's a win-win if the debt is paid ) , but true , we 're in no position to actually lose money , ie . 
  be on the bad part of a default . 
  :( why ca n't countries give colaterals on debt deals ? 
  `` if we no pay , you can have morea ! '', 
  fact of the matter is , portugal only passed types of structural reforms that would only be possible on the current economical climate . 
  i 'm going to go to greece and charge people access to more money , with interest : v, 
  brasil used a similar tactic to stabilize public spending , it sorta worked for them, 
  it 's not like greek reputation can worsen much now ( from a credit view dont get me wrong but if i had money in a greek bank id be nervous now ) . 
  i do n't know if the deal with troika offered after the referendum can be the same now . 
  that poses an interesting challenge . 
  also ... 
  putting people voting on fiscal policy ? 
  why not make them sketch up the government budget also ? 
  this whole situation is becoming so convoluted and sickening i dont know what to think anymore . 
  do you think the stage is set for a less democratic , possibly `` russian '' - style referendum ? 
  this is why it is unconstitutional to do referendums on fiscal matters . 
  ( or why i think referendums on technical stuff are a bad idea ) . 
  elections would only worsen the stalemate . 
  not a bad move i 'd say . 
  gives the government the necessary momentum to take more drastic actions , be they one way or the other . 
  i do n't think greece would like to continue in the eu if it leaves the eurozone . 
  at least it will lobby to leave schengen, 
  people here seem to be unnecessarily angry from being forced to read french . 
  i 've posted portuguese articles here and i did n't get complaints . 
  next stage : only europeans can post : trolololol :, 
  well as i see it , if it 's pertinente to europe in some way it matters and it should stay . 
  not sure that we need to be that pedantic in order to remove spam ` ee posts . 
  i like the part where he says : `` this wasa n't the same with portugal and ireland '' ... like it 's even comparable . 
  like comparing oranges and apples i 'd say . 
  the brits may argue but we have * so * much in common when in comparison to other countries outside of europe it 's just a natural step . 
  touristee areas seemed to have adapted to the `` i did n't ask for this '' most likely ahah !, 
  as for the replying in english : yes , yes we do , keep insisting with the portuguese and they might change . 
   portuguese people , contrary to most others in this thread , love to please and to adapt . 
  i find it much easier than my native tongue . 
  do n't ask for coffee and expect anything but an expresso . 
  if you want a diferent kind of coffee ask for it . 
  we love most foreigners , we love cultural exchange , we do n't love attempts at portuguese by going spanish . 
  also just because they are decriminalized does n't mean the topic is n't taboo , so do n't ask where you can get drugs . 
  basically anything from polandball . 
  it 's fine in a comic or online , i do n't think it 's fine in real life . 
  so , please . 
  no more we-don ` t-have-money-and-are-lazy quibs . 
  lester ? 
  it is not low level !!!, 
  ! 1111one, 
  it should be , at worst 15 $, 
  i 've taken a ferry from stockholm to tallinn . 
  it was actually pretty nice . 
  jesus christ i hate this government . 
  it 's `` forward thinking '' to a fault . 
  i want to change my flag now . 
  galician sounds a lot like northern portuguese . 
  omg that flag is * so * much cooler than ours . 
  i want that one, 
  spain used to mean the entire peninsula . 
  for a long time , long ago , portuguese would also consider themselves spanish . 
  this political situation is one big pile of shit . 
  well you 're a big poopoo head, 
  i prefer the old one, 
  i actually had to vote by lesser evils choice . 
  lol . 
  yeah right . 
  i still do n't have any idea on whom to vote :( in one hand i do n't want a political crisis , it benefits none . 
  in the other , i do n't care much for the way things are . 
  eli5 : what 's a war crime, 
  cinnamon is very expensive . 
  do n't do that . 
  source : former spice trader from 1500s, 
  portuguese people always fancied immigration a bit . 
  lisbon is a spy haven, 
  weee , i 'm taller than the average european, 
  white light , at night , is creepy . 
  i 'm not very comfortable at extending our border access like this . 
  is georgia complying with what 's expected of every eu border country ?
