  remember kids europe ends at ural . 
  it is pentagon , it is easy to remember , think of a devil and a french appears . 
  1648 never forget https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_prague_ ( 1648 ), 
  brno is great for sightseeing . 
  all the lovely pubs to drop by and having one . 
  then up to \u0160pilberg having nice view . 
  the view from cathedral is nice as well , tho pay to see , but worth it . 
  show him brother , bring him on the path of reddit ways . 
   very low isnt it somehow illegal to be unemployed there ? 
  so is this place like norway or more no way . 
  looks down on italy `` hue hue hue '', 
  and if they say `` isch '' ? 
  that has to hurt . 
  hehe , that reminds me of a guy from my town ( in \u010cr ) who is a stone mason , every year he goes down to croatia to work and enjoy life in the coastal regions for two months . 
  maine ? 
  ukrainians too . 
  but you can pay for marriage for girls from ce to get some visa to eu . 
  czech rep. has unemployment something around 7 % , so some position in the tech have to filled with skilled , workwiling immigrants . 
  and if you are not into hard work we have booming porn industry as well . 
  yeah for a woman it is ussually 12 goats , more if she is pretty . 
  but a camel ? 
  nah unless she has phd or something, 
   quantity it kinda is better at voting night . 
  sounds like my grandma . 
  you stick them in a little boat and give it a proper viking burrial . 
  then you flush . 
  slaves ? 
  so keeping them for organs is scratched from the plan ? 
   commit suicide bruh where is beer there is hope . 
  lets dig out some royals and lets go for united kingdom of bohemia and morava again , heard uk shortcut will be free soon . 
  maketing reasons as they say czech republic sound like chechnya more then czechia . 
  the whole little rebellion with william tell ( the greates [ austrian ] ( http://www.kino.de/film/tell-jeder-schuss-ein-treffer-2007/ ) of all times ) . 
  edit : might be wrong century though , i forgot . 
  i knew we had some overproduction but no idea in which area , personally i would like to see some shift at that area too as i think half of ours comes from coal , which i consider rather naughty . 
  probably to austria lil bit ironic . 
  slovakia = atomic power , who had thought of that . 
  so your core energy moves form 50 % to 70 % or do they plan to shut down the old one in jaslovsk\u00e9 bohunice ? 
  pfft , if it gets finished in next 15 years i would be really surprised . 
  just the english version of it . 
  so it is more linguistic / marketing issue then political . 
  there was no referendum on that name , so if something drastic like democracy would happen , it would be discussed . 
  i think you used some bad herbs for your soup . 
   threw it into the bin wow not recycling ? 
  are you trying to trigger the austrians ? 
   3k thats just enough for a zebra . 
  i think they are still pissed about the whole habsburg thing . 
  said the other slav . 
  nokia strong . 
  plus the statues and buildings , got ta stay representative . 
  so we move all the migrants onto blairs property ? 
  cheapest condoms . 
  wierd , for a news site there s a lot of gay porn commercials . 
  hmm good point . 
  catchy . 
  but some reptilians just do n't need a partner , the literally fuck them self ( see godzilla . ) . 
  is fucking your self gay ? 
  and horses , seriously people forgot how dangerous those beasts are . 
  so did he changed into a drunk by the next full moon ? 
  organ band, 
  hey , its ok when its for the name of science . 
  odd as i think i pay fees even if i use atm of other bank . 
  but not sure anymore as i have been withdrawing money from the same atms for years . 
  because its easier to transport for drugdealers and bribes . 
  i was always love with australian notes , maybe because of the strong surfer culture they are so water resistent . 
  dancing in golfer shoes on a parket must be killin . 
  because the greeks ... 
  no extra fees ? 
  because its like lottery finding an atm with 100s . 
  is it just me or does it seem shorter ( chubbier ) ? 
  greece need more chineese tourists . 
  a million of those can toss a lots of paper in a season . 
  somebody should repost it to slovakia , for shits and giggles . 
  that has to be investigated can you describe or better some photo evidence of said untouched objects, 
  west slavs = best slavs, 
  flying pink poodle head , scary of sorts . 
  the eu uncle sam makes me uncomfortable . 
  what would be a proper name for the european uncle ? 
  but just as prague i am prettier , the light fits me . 
  i would go for prague as it is neatly in the center of it all . 
  so no chance of the polititians ingore the result like on that boat ? 
  yes exactly my thought , ttime to colonize the colonizers . 
  landrover-jaguar are just building a assbig factory in slovakia , so your next jag might come from kialand . 
  now that was just mean . 
  whats the plate thing around the beercan ? 
  is that improvised ashtray ? 
  and who names a beer flat tire ? 
  edit : nevermind i zoomed in . 
  or i just squat it until they get annoyed and i get it for free . 
  otok kosme\u010d ( dubrovnik ) , 130 tisu\u0107a eura looks great , only if they would change it to 130 eur , as i am currently bit broke . 
  i was thinking more about larps or paintball . 
  for zombie apocalypse i would prefer an island , a nice overseeable island with a little mountain with lots of fig trees . 
  having own bunker must be cool . 
  sure but dont explosives have `` best before '' dates ? 
  i get why you would keep gun or rifle , for protection or lil bit illegal hunting , but why the hell someone would keep a bazooka , thats bit over the top unless you plan to mess with the police in big time . 
  wooden swings ? 
   down here feels dirty reading it . 
  it started in big waves after the fall of communism , and how can you piss off the excomunist the most by becoming a shithead , skinhead or whater they call them self . 
  so all romanians have reason to move to england ? 
  not sure didnt see john cleese with coconuts yet . 
  sound like girlfriend or a whore , depending on the time of the month .
