   francesinha holly ... sandwich in gravy, 
  one of the basic rules of internet , if you throw around with shit , get ready to get shit back . 
  heard it is the russian of romance languages . 
  so good old reddit paella mix . 
  he must have american ancestors . 
   like czechoslovakia in 1993 . 
  so the uk politics is not divided by internal power struggle ? 
  btw there was no referendum , most people had no clue it was comming , all was done behind closed door . 
  first thing in my mind : nowy targ, 
  they 've should have make the island tulip shaped . 
  scotch and rocks for further islands ? 
  and beach resorts . 
  thought greeks are broke , still got almost double on us . 
  evrybody knows that west slavs are the real ubermensch . 
  aww best buds 4evaar . 
  sounds nice , it makes me want to buy a caravan and travel it . 
  ( ofcourse only during the tour the france season ), 
  you forgot that the eu is controled by germany , that wants poland in its knees . 
  that 's the spirit :-p, 
  they are not keen on teuro . 
  do you know the slovak joke about the polish guys searching for a dog ? 
  fingerprints . 
  not me to be frank . 
  but similar weekend look . 
  [ yup ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/_pvbgd8xq1m/hqdefault.jpg ) the one i bought on jarmark , but because they were cheap , and my head huge , it looks like baret . 
  it is camouflage , so he can move on the hunting grounds named berlin without any suspicion , to tame some wild bmws that are just standing there all alone on parking lot . 
  looks alright to me . 
   lower class well , but not the real thing , real adidas is mucho poundo . 
  wouldnt it be funny if gb would become europes australia ? 
  it is missing the obligatory thick chain , imao . 
   central europe good mate . 
  actually 13 , but no one speaks about bob . 
  plus the employers are willing to close both eyes when having some workers on tourist visa , in the us . 
  how else you gon na dip your croissant in it ? 
  seems the porn industry finally pays off . 
  hon , hon hon , the french have some interesting stuff . 
  it looks more like a secret operation cover for building the [ enterprise . ], 
  ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-cjwipidpvso/u03lyummpfi/aaaaaaaazqq/zqjspsotb48/s1600/drex+files+enterprise+nx-01+top.jpg ), 
  seems the french dont want to share their cheese . 
  quite surprised about finland , thought they go to some battle royal after 60 , or similar . 
  i got 5 cent from malta . 
   uncomfortable to say well i must trust you on that , as i can not read that . 
  until you dont have a cross in your flag , you all are socialist atheists on my book . 
  looks well preserved . 
  congratz on your future zombiedoomdays home . 
  edit : they got some fancyy homepage . 
  scotland ? 
  they might have more guns , but we got more swords . 
  well if the guys in cern did not build the time machine all would be alright , lets blame the swiss now . 
   8c is that common ? 
  i thought the islands are whole year holliday ready . 
  thanks . 
  edit : looks like a seal humping belgium, 
   absence of democratic representation that is monarchy for you . 
  i dont see us . 
  do you ? 
  yeah we owned slovakia for a while but then the hungarians moved in so the property value dropped so it wasnt that interesting anymore . 
  only when mixed in a bucket with other leftover drinks and drunk through long straw . 
  so are you a proper belgian or the french one ? 
  well no one wanted to cross ... the finish line . . muwhehehe, 
  till you dont see the cheese . 
  what is wrong parmesan on tuna ? 
  my favorite word spreewaldgurken . 
  because we have good wines as well . 
  beer is for the heart , wine is for the soul . 
  chimney sweeper grabbing is still popular as well . 
  moravia strong . . lol . 
  if jedis , you weed out , the fields lighter get , ahm . 
  plus 2 years from there on, 
  needs a herb garden otherwise looks cozy . 
  well they have alredy send the [ real ... ] ( http://www.picshouse2.com/vb/imgcache/2/12332poster.jpg ), 
  or take the doorstep . 
  i bet he didt pay for his rar licence . 
  that s a nice key you got there , would be pity if someone would drop it . 
  well the land will be used not for food but for bio diesels etc. 
  or as some tests near bratislava shown , new kind of cotton , we might become the cotton kings of europe . 
  if phd would be counted in we would possibly win . 
  or the slurping of wine all day makes it easier . 
  maybe her father had already some unclean thoughts about her . 
  well we still need more skilled laborers with the uneployment swinging around 5 % , we need more technicians or more automation , the production of the mechas for our rising conquering forces aint gon na build them self , yet . 
  the status of king of valachia is not recognized . 
   the polling sounds gay, 
  when you walk that road , beer will be haram soon . 
  seems jacek saw the end of days and wanted to check the progress . 
  it is like dieting a fat person will loose more kg/week then a thin one . 
  clearly those nasty saxons . 
  bio-farming and scotch , and what ever marmite is . 
  i drove a ford transit in 90s was ok . 
  but if you wash your dick it means you have to touch it and that \u00b4 s where the whole root of the problem is . 
  coughs and points to the southern neighbour . 
  their cavalery inveted letherhosen . 
  or at least adapted them . 
  savage, 
  and there i thought a gay joke is comming . 
  in garlic butter ? 
  give it 50 years and you will get all the perks of canadian weather . 
  avoiding the hungarians mostly . 
  well , things get expensive , so will the exports , which would lower them etc. 
  proper coal might help , or the good old earth gas heating . 
  no [ problemo ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/dupont-tychem-cpf2-hazmat-suit-with-hood-boot-covers-choice-of-sizes-/281472842183 ) [ + ] ( http://www.ebay.com/itm/1-set-emergency-survival-safety-respiratory-gas-mask-w-2-dual-protection-filter-/361514533728?hash=item542bf20360:g:yd0aaoswhgvw7qq7 ),
