  ( the dry land germans ), 
  pegging is the new thing . 
  its starts with your girlfriends little finger by occasional bj , and it endsup with a strap on and her with a cowboy hat . 
  couldnt they just buy tons of grown potted bushes and then someone sculpts them , to other things , not sey toy oriented . 
  klammeraffealternativebezechnung my middle school german knowledge tells me dont use many words if you can make it into one . 
  czech and slovakia are unique . 
  i call him perry . 
  i like the finnish queuing , 1,5 m from each other and no one talks . 
  oh sweet harmony that should be standart . 
  well you have to spent more then , `` curry wurst fur alle . '', 
  for the south . 
  i like australians bank notes, 
  so i quesss till your foreign brits come from their `` studies '' and give it 50 years . 
  well they could have at that time cut and reform the backwards feudalistic laws , allow/promise religious freedoms/equality , tax the nobility . 
  and try to unite the nations under the joined front of future perspective then go all mediaval on their cultures and freedoms . 
   ( ethnicity was irrelevant ) yes as when you lived in `` hungary '' you are automaticaly a `` hungarian '' even if you dont want to . 
  i think that was move to strengthen the kingdom in their defiance against austria/habsburgs . 
  kaiserschmarrn for all . 
   motherland is getting bigger and bigger she is just heavy boned . 
  pots and pans-never saw anyone selling those second hand , and mattress-thats get wierd as well , unless its a whole bed . 
  ah sorry mate . 
  i had the feeling most of you still know gaellic . 
  when you drive your slovakia . 
  you should add , you are with the sea coast . 
  you fool me once shame on you , fool me twice ... you know how it goes . 
  western slavs ftfy, 
  lol , nope , reunion ? 
  for real ? 
  didnt hungary tried with its minorities to do the sameas england with wales , scotland and ireland ? 
  ban its language and any cultural progres ? 
  dont think many slovakians will join . 
  could be still just some albanian farmer that likes to troll people . 
  including my granpa . 
  learn big . 
  learning by doing . 
  the gunpowder plot ? 
  basicaly the balkan 90s . 
  falklands ? 
  russian voluntiers in crimea ? 
  or not allowing hitler taking parts of bohemia with all the defence forts . 
  ludwig of bavaria ( ( the schloss schwanstein guy ) ), 
  brits and irish are separate . 
  they are `` special '' in every way . 
  central is , but i would add germoney to it too . 
  nope first thing is baltic.they tend to be by them self on my book . 
  true slovakian spends his vacation with showel and rake in his garden or with concrete mixer . 
  ah thanks . 
  i went over the artickle and through google translate both in czech and english : u mu\u0161karaca i dalje dobro kotira `` fudbalerka '' ( both stated that the `` quoted '' word ment rainbow . ), 
  so how long does it take , and do you go nonstop?exchanging drivers etc ? 
   no cheaper and better place for vacations than croatia bulgaria ? 
  there is even new slavic esperanto . 
  caravan invasion ? 
  the craziest think i saw , was last summer a swedish car in vodice , someone drove the whole way in audi combi . 
  you make the world prettier . 
  great strategy will apply . 
  what was the `` rainbow `` part ? 
  the problem with quotas and relocating it to other eu countries is shengen , after some time they get asyl lets say poland they wil remain only few days there before moving there where they originaly wanted : uk , sweden germany . 
  ah you english and your fancy keyboard shortcuts . 
  just toy truck , including the truck ( made in china ), 
  if you would add that you celebrate it with tea , it would be the most british thing i heard in days . 
  for that , you can have two large ones in czech rep. 
  next is scotland with special 3,50 lb , to honor its nessy . 
  well it would have some advanteges . 
  most turks speak german and you can pay with euro at some bazars already . 
  but still i would take just tracia and the souther coast of the asian part . 
  btw the emblem of my county : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cb/erb_nitrianskeho_samospr%c3%a1vneho_kraja.jpg, 
  ment something like , `` ah that is some nice turkish clay behind greece border lets claim it '' you know anything that would force europe undust its antiturkish forts . 
  so no law or parlament can stop him if he decides to do something drastic ? 
  too much waffles in pie hole ? 
  that company already had one bus burned down before , no deaths . 
  so it might be turf war , or very unhappy creditors . 
  he planned to do naughty stuff with the chainsaw , but was cought before anything could happen . 
  would not be worht it , it works only with short words , not much point gain by them . 
  in czech shortest : a , i , o , u , v , s , z longest : nejneobhospoda\u0159ov\u00e1vateln\u011bj\u0161\u00edho and the wierdist saying ( for teasing tourists ) : str\u010d prst skrz krk . 
  they will not , there will be just more russia . 
  welcome to internet , where millions of people dont agree with each other . 
  i kind of find it funny that a swiss replied to a watch related post . 
  i saw your y base of dna hungary , you are 1/4 slavic by now . 
  muwhahahaha slavic dominance . 
  i think americans ( and japaneese girls ) tend to say `` thanks obama '' at this point . 
  ah had just 10-ish from that list , still long way to go . 
  btw whats wrong with norway ? 
  central european as i and most people doubt that austria is considered southern state . 
  says the one in whose culture has the `` brotherly kiss '' mouth on mouth with slightly opened mouth . 
  or did that died out with the party ? 
  example : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b8/breznev-honecker_1979.jpg, 
  your solution is poland , they make premade homes from 30-50 k $ depending of the size of the house . 
  all you need is free parcel and building permit ( if you need any in sweden ) . 
  and vikings . 
  careful with those swedes . 
  you mean your landlord . 
  you are clearly a sea nation . 
  so in the sea . 
  you are in euro zone , or just use it regulary ? 
  did not see that comming jacek . 
   why are we catholic ? 
  our bad ... 
  you will have sto start to breed koalas and kangaroos then . 
  seems alot of nation are rubbing it in to croatia . 
  but they have lots of farmland .
