  only when he feels the need to upgrade his tv . 
  once i tried to read to rules on wikpedia , had possibly wut ? 
  face when reading . 
  well it is not well know but wine is produced even on the hills overwatching prague ( historically wineyards were 20 times bigger in the past despite the population was just of tenth of todays ) , but morava - the east part of czech republic , is famous for its wine making ( and drinking ) traditions . 
  but alas despite we have good wines , i would not consider it the best , despite certain patriotism , realism is needed . 
  as someone from line of weekend alcoholics i tasted many wines from european countries and beyond ( had some from california and australia ) i would still consider some of the best wines coming from carpathian region ( including tokai ) . 
  of course that is all based on my personal taste . 
  partly but i prefer evolved moravian, 
  not really , here president is more of representative role , no real power , and especially no buttons for atomic warfare . 
  yeah some things were n't ideal , but the pure entertainment of international visits would be hilarious and must watch . 
   elsa so many children will want to build a snowman . 
  fun fact when in a restaurant is `` english vegetable '' they mean mixed vegies boiled till the taste is unified . 
  acoording to my compass we are north , as we are north of austria . 
  i voted for franz ( tatoos ) , because i have sense of humor , unfortunately there weremore people with more bizzare sense of humor then mine . 
  they can rent it like czechs . 
   best wine * coughs, 
  i hope so , as the \u00b4 68 is still fresh in living memory . 
  i thought i got most of the german inside jokes , but this one lost on me . 
  heard it is more about the temperature and waves then the distance . 
  well technically you can cross it in a pick up , with few modifications . 
  swedes ? 
  the tower gate was still not repaired since their last visit , and that was 400 years ago . 
  to be fair drunk german sounds like danish . 
  thanks to google it was not the kn\u00e4ckebrot i was thinking at first . 
  [ ship ] ( http://www.vasamuseet.se/en ), 
  thats cold , and somehow cool . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xlxhdswnqw ), 
  that vesuri looks like a thing my grandma had for beets . 
  i wonder if dying while jumping into an frosty lake after sauna counts as suicide . 
  i would blame less sunlight . 
  d vitamin was connected with increase of happiness , just like chocolate . 
  unless finish, 
  fuck , why do i look like belarussian ? 
  mum has some explaning to do . 
  german and welsh really similar . 
  the playmobil strike kit looks kinda cool , gon na be honest i would want a putin action figure . 
  das semmal br\u00f6tchen it is then . 
  we kind of hunted them down in 18 . ct , i think , but i think some came over from poland in last years . 
  not really sure , but we have foxes for our rabies needs . 
  here the forests are destroyed by blueberry pickers , and overpopulated , unregulated , tasty when roasted , hogs . 
  well you were sent into hills also to mine , sooo , you are our version of dwarves . 
  no accent in prague , hmm ? 
  i think few icelanders would go yupee kha yeay . 
  we are clearly the true definition of the survival of the fittest . 
  happens . 
  so italians new best buddies ? 
  but you must be rich you got euro ... looks at greece, 
  so when do the the undead appear ? 
  i live in a village where everbody owns their house , or their bank . 
  people are not that warmed up for renting spare rooms yet . 
   75 cents in my area only for the high quality stuff like the original pilsner . 
  most beers are in 0,33-0 ,39 $ range, 
   cost of living is insanely high that reminds me of the joke add ( at least i hope it was ) 400 $ a month for a 3 meter caravan near dublin . 
  i always wanted to know how it feels to live in south spain , who knew i already do . 
  minus the sea . 
   holi triggered . 
   drunk with foreigners dont they akways do that when testing the goods in estonia ? 
  ouch, 
  as you can see by the map , he just took a little nap, 
  if there would be a tiny fiat in backround it would be perfect . 
  i heard other meaning of the czech origin . 
  as the tribes of the region took the name of the tribe living in the center , who as the legends say were namead after the great father \u010cech , which in some etymology means something like highlander ( which is funny as the middlands are flat as jenny ) , also i heard it might have other meaning , as it might be derived from the word \u010cejch which be the original name for a devil/imp like creature that warned the wild cows from incoming humans . 
  bob and larry . 
   p\u00f3g mo th\u00f3in sounds like `` poke my loin '' when said loud . 
  calm down , ei , we wouldnt want to resettle bavaria and berlin with some slavs again , would we ? 
  not sure what evil faction sweden joined but i am in . 
  long live the empire or whatever , just hope the uniforms are dope as well . 
  was awaiting x-files intro to be honest . 
  biological weapons are illegal . 
   einkommen-steuererklaerungen one little strike and its more readable . 
  still better then welsh . 
  we might not be communist anymore , but i feel it needs more shades of orange . 
  got ya hungy fam, 
  a baltic folk in canoe with germanflag in budapest ... hmmkay . 
  hearts of heretics . 
  quite the fighting words from a swamp german . 
  `` polders are crime , clay belongs to the sea ! '', 
   eastern europe yup , so we are fortunate to be from the central europe . 
  or sport . 
  maybe it is hidden underground with its grand forges , where we search for the heart of the mountains . 
  and send to chechnya for reeducation . 
  still heard that some recyclation instalations have problem to fill all postitions . 
  you dont have to be a doctor to seperate plastics . 
  we rented a harbor in germoney . 
  [ this ] ( http://accrental.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/skoda-felicia-%e2%80%93-cabrio.jpg ) kinda says you made it in the old days . 
  now when you say it , i might have it mixed up with vinyl and music . 
  trust me , i am an engineer ... well almost , but you know what i mean . 
  little known fact , that black and white photos could take much better quality in detail then todays digital cameras . 
  and this clearly looks like a great job from the colorization bot . 
  fuuuck i am getting ripped off . 
  that is a bold statement . 
  shortcut for czechoslovakia . 
  given the late push taking control over the judges ( which for democratic reasons are kinda better if indipendent . ), 
  i think they are bit on the `` one party-one state '' track again , which is meh . 
  lol that looks familiar . 
  my favorite drink is kofola with ru or um ( depending on country-thanks eu ), 
  it is thanks to the fine blend of natural herbs , which recipe is secret , tho it is rumored it has some herbs borowed from the becher recipe . 
  only when the server has dirty pipes . 
   coca-cola as poison yup , and pepsi gone to shit too , have kofola instead . 
  just stay away from the veggies .
