thats cold . 
  i think it was originally called freedom flag long before the lgbt etc communitty took it as its own . 
  it is all about the curry wurst . 
  tla\u010denka with vinegar and chopped onions . 
  its almost like haggis , with that difference it is chopped pieces of pig parts , then milled sheep . 
  and thats the reason you dont skip `` pay off the cops day . '', 
  yes people from koln area . 
  this one seems to have the proper german spirit . 
  people are diffrent you know . 
  some of you are red commies , up north you got the well shaved notsogentlemen . 
  and lets not forget the kebbabsellers . 
  you know shits about to hit the fan , when some far right ideas start to sound not as bad . 
  ok , but i will think of you . 
  so what you re saying - keep calm its just beta testing ? 
  well i got fever 37,5 c , and i have boobs . . sort of . 
  can i watch you by that ? 
  killing a childhood friend ? 
   bananas are life . 
  ok you got me , i like you now . 
  but i judge the eu administrative by people being elected there . 
  and well ... ( i think most of the are assholes and golddiggers ), 
  where is a pool ? 
  i demand heated pool . 
  i think he gets his ass beaten if his mum finds out what he did with the good bedsheets . 
  as i read the title the first thought - hmm they are adaapting already . 
  brussel tends to overegulate . 
  every little burrocrat feels the need to show some kind of productivity , even if it bites in the ass he opens his mouth . 
  example `` there is mercury in thermometers !, 
  there is mercury in lightbulps . 
  but its ok . '' too long to read people are idiots , and brusell is full of people . 
  so you hate curved cucumbers , and straight bannanas . 
  and good old vacuum cleaners ? 
  he already won the election , so he is safe for 4 years already . 
  time to undust the brown uniform ei ? 
  maybe he is robot without emotions . 
  hehe , i heard ones a vietnamees say the same about chinees . 
  with rollercoasters ? 
  or car industry . 
  poetic . 
  and lets not forget how many generations were made at such nights . 
  at oktoberfest they drink mass - 1liter . 
  you see puke . 
  i see wasted 10 $ for a beer . 
  its a back up , you could keep thousand copies on thousand free servers . 
  by relatives etc. 
  in this time and age not having valid documents is almost impossible . 
  for lords sake , war torn iraq has better internet connection then most australia . 
  ( sorry mates but its true ), 
  can you show me the plant that grows iphones ? 
  ( btw i stay with nokia ), 
  most of them gotmodern cells . 
  hadnt they thought of taking a picture of pasrport , id , birth certificate , and store it on some cloud , just to get sure . 
  if i travel out of europe i always keep this photos on my google drive and on usb i carry around . 
  i am not scout but hell i better be prepeared . 
  or we set quatas ourself 10 % that come to us we keep the rest will get bus ticket to border and goodbye . 
  quotas on quotas are a possibility . 
  its not important what she really meant , or what other eu countires think she said . 
  its all about what the migrants undertood she said . 
  fico is leftist as hell . 
  if out of europe then canada . 
  all that maple syrup . 
  our goverment agreed todublin too . 
  but seems it wasnt benefitial to krauts so hey screw that deal , right ? 
  except poland . 
  red tape ? 
  like natural reservations , or nature preservation zones ? 
  atom all the way . 
  iceland is suprising . 
  a : `` i have a stick '' b : `` i have an umbrella ... ella . . ella '', 
  like the catalans ? 
  we would have to build another power plant , of the good kind , to compansate . 
  its prooven a little garden activity is good in the early spring . 
  import polish guys , they make great american styled wooden houses , - prefabricated . 
  3 room house build in 3 months or less , depends who made the foundation ( or how exact ) . 
  al you need is some land . 
  australia ? 
  no offence mate but most people imagine australians casual day of riding kangaroose while battling emus and spiders on their way to seafood bbq on the beach with surfboard on their back and boomerang hanged on their belts . 
   inability to find oil . 
  fish oil , crises solved . 
  `` respect my religion !!! '', 
  as he stabs kyle with plastic sword . 
  i think cartman would love the idea of slaves . 
  true . 
  but just as middle east countries , they start to have problem with fresh water supply . 
  ( beer and wine is cheeper then bottle of water-at least in the tourist areas ), 
  just in case , if the fashion police wants to arrest him . 
  yes , i am sorry for the child . 
  but his father was sailing the boat , with his pretty nice lifewest , ofcourse his wife and child did not need any . 
  one of our ministers said it nicely . 
  `` oh you are fleeing war ? 
  understandable . 
  oh you left your wife and children behind ? '', 
  yeah its beutifull , but the villa prices went up . 
  and dont get me started on all those fees and permissions you need to sail your own yacht in their waters . 
  serbia is in europe = not a poor country . 
  hehe . 
  not sure if funny or mean intend . 
  the queen possibly . 
  everybody loves well mannered monarch . 
  accept french .
