  yes additional ventilation would mean digging through some 70 + year old stone and brick walls . 
  the garden sounds more reasonable then . 
  given one mentioned burned asses , i pass on that asking finns on droping their pants . 
   the buildings/flats were built to have saunas in all flats , ok tiny bit jelous . 
  i was thinking instaling one my self , but more of selfmade , with just buying the heating element . 
  and still was waving between instaling it in basement or in garden near pool . 
   sauna evenings at my flat how big is your flat , and are there any problems with mold or ventilation ? 
  more like passing out and being slowly cooked at medium heat . 
  drinking and sauna doesnt sounds safe . 
  i think if turkey would split in two , the european part alone would be ok the asian part except the south coastline is rather undedeveloped in eyes of europeans . 
  yeah you with your territorries , seriously , why so complicated . 
  australia in poland ? 
  ouch on so many levels . 
  bad news , no sea access . 
  no more barbie on beach . 
  too busy with putting out the flames from their first demo tape . 
  on the otherside in the west asian izrael , the one with jeruzalem , russian seems to overtake as a secundary language as well . 
   undead pretty sure internet established j.c. bein a lich king . 
  my calendar says roland . 
  you shall be assimilated . 
  well you can always become a hobby carpenter . 
  yeay i am almost avarage dutch . 
  wheres my clogs at ? 
  they seem to avoid the south of their country , seems they dislike belgium that much . 
  who would gues that a dutch would oppose to nicely orange map . 
  to be funny `` v\u00ednopil '' , to have fun with others `` p\u0159edseda '', 
  para means steam in czech, 
  great photos/postcards ( ? ), 
  [ list of sovereign states in europe by human development index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_human_development_index ) 25 slovakia 0,840 28 portugal 0,816 pretty close, 
  we dont have euro , and we are not really hurr hurr into it . 
  france looks nicely distributed , except paris i suppose . 
  hard to tell . 
  heard something about 300 k , but most just say they are czech . 
  lot of the gypsies here came from slovakia , so some might even still claim that they are that nationality . 
  the werewolf has gun ... ruuuuun . 
  in east slovakia they occasionaly called them pharaos , cause of that odd egypt connection . 
  i think slovakia has similar numbers 5mil slovaks half mil gyps , and rest are other minorities . 
  ukraine has . 
  sack of potato traditional family sunday lunch . 
  full sack of potato not myth . 
  ttip isnt for benefit of countries , its for the benefit of corporations within . 
  because sooner or later the greeks would have to issue bonds or partialy pawn some strips of land thus biggest creditor becomes `` land owner '' and the rent would be due . 
  take a better look , not a lady at all . 
  ttip states ( or the rumors are that it does ) that the companies would demand compansation for the lost on profits due to new laws and regulations . 
  now let see if the tobacco giants sue the eu . 
  i am pro ali g system , let only the pretty ladies in . 
  its not potato its sack of rocks looking like potato . 
  all wouldnt happened if your queen victoria would shut her legs . 
  in russian one was , why werent you annexted by spaniards . 
  now we will listen to mozart 's little night music by the famous didgeridoo artist mike . 
  the tip is bit fallic . 
  so much light , didnt know so many bankers have night shift . 
  pickled herring is best herring . 
  is n't it risky in greece to go way up ? 
  or were they made earthquakes proove . 
   paros googled it , looks nice ... unfortunately my favorite operator offers just poros . 
  well some polliticians did not clearly commit fully and were distracted by east asian hookers and drugs . 
   why would they come back weather ? 
  depends , was the planet mars in line with the planet venus ? 
  yet, 
   non-eu dont have the ex colonies have special status , rights or similar ? 
  or was it just france . 
  ah , sheesh , yeah , must have been the commie devil on my left shoulder . 
  ah , that 's indeed a new information for me . 
  so except of parlaiment the scots have own ministries or just legislation ? 
   hardly read as there are job agencies quite popular , you just need a leader of the team to be able to communicate with the higher ups , the work in warehouses and fields does not require so much language skills . 
  but given they will have some gap , feelable mostly in agricultural sector , there would be at least seasonal exceptions , possibly . 
  india has booming tech and pharma sector , so i think the focus would be on such skilled people . 
  not sure how are they with plumbing and construction tho . 
  arent they shifting to the same scheme as with the nhs ? 
  undefunding and privatisation ? 
   invest in our own people i dont want to be rude as this is a world wide problem , but did you see what they did to the uk education in the last years ? 
   is pope gay ? 
  hehe , bit edgy . 
   more desperate labour pool you can still import as many indians and pakistanis as you wish , as for some reason they dont count as eu migrant workers, 
  did not know you grew lobsters up there . 
  suspicion and misstrust on both sides ? 
   eu tried to ban wood burning saunas that heat over 60c . 
  those barbarians ... 
   north east ah pity , always knew they were all party poopers in northumberland, 
  and named our potatos after brandenburg . 
  and i thought pala\u010dinky came from italian . 
  urhg , urgh , the slavs that speak wierdly dont like us urgh , urgh . 
  and pharaos in the east . 
  well no vote for independence , how does she feel about referendum about federalization ... or other state form , technically , there could be a referendum every year until someone gets fed up . 
  plus the amount of cherry might helped with the conservation . 
  the oddly white slovakia . 
  maybe voting with help of the chipped id 's , like the ones they got in slovakia , with the electronic signature . 
  ( of course it wouldnt be anonymous , but at least people would vote with cleanconscience ), 
  oh lordy we are kemalinst stronghold . 
   sis to do their fucken job hehe , good one . 
  unless they are given something extra on the side , doubt they would break in sweat for something . 
  or we can take them all to cyprus and under the cover of night and wink wink action with the un guards showel them to the north . 
  are those solar panels ? 
  did you just reversed sido 's `` mein block '', 
  sounds like an extreme and direct thread to the british parliament, 
  no , danube is a water way . 
   make the rent lower in vienna '' initiative . 
  odd i heard it is somewhat cheaper then bratislava , but might be just a rumor . 
   warm people do you mean san francisco ?
