  i am a half blood prince as well . 
  with jewish , and austrian ancestors , some slovaks as well . 
  this flair seemed fair middle ground . 
  and relativally dry . 
  ... for now . 
  we have increased jedi-ism and pastafarians are on rise too . 
  still awesome in my book . 
  may the force beer with you . 
  when me\u010diar didnt get what he wanted in the first votes . 
  we already got milions of them . 
  that sounds ... familiar , too . 
  excuse me while i have little talk with my scotish friends about little think called freeeedom , and where to get some fancy blue face color . 
   just because it 's `` democracy '' if you have the democratic tools to defend your self , you use them . 
  that some people just dont want  stupid cult in their neighbourhood, 
  well that was my second thought to translate . 
  cartoon network worked for me . 
  czechs like their sea destination . 
  so count with us for 25 % ( depending who you piss off . ), 
  not again ... 
  well you wasnt so great neighbour lately . 
  but china likes you sort of . 
  but that bitch sounds like gold digger . 
  now lets build a scientology centrum in your neghborhood , lets see if democratic referedum is valid . 
   zeman also  has 0 relevance, 
  i preffer the former kingdom of bohemia . 
  thank you very much ,, 
  for the duration of their processing . 
  if you take them or dont , they are yours to deal with, 
  we got place 2500 people and most of it filled , but yeah send another few thousand , theywill not mind living in tents in winter . 
  but the power of editing , you have not . 
  seems no one told her . 
   adieu clause marsch raus law, 
  i wanted to point out you did not mention the gaelic . 
  ( and slavic languages . ), 
  the lochness would like a word with you . 
  mint sauce , brown sauce on everything , doesnt speak of high cousine . 
  not all czechs are atheist . 
  just most arent fond of religious organizations . 
  there is a lot of jokes about czechs getting lost/dead in high tatras too . 
  flipflops and mountains is bad combo . 
  unfortunality the statics dont lie . 
  i wear crocs , in exchange . 
  you forgot werewolfs . 
  i dont think thats neccessery , theres lots of vietnameese in central europe . 
  he would fit in . 
   9 . because a newly-wed is smiling at your camera . 
  that guy didnt look thrilled . 
   calling to murder i think you need new friends . 
  and by the tracks you can see santa upgraded his ride . 
  i dont think there were any potato in me either . 
  are mechas involved ? 
   cat-based crime fiction series that sounds somwhat interesting . 
  osteraus . 
  to be fair if ruskies see the new tanks they will reffer to them as euros , as european and c * nt is the same for them . 
  didnt you hear ? 
  ukrainians are the new polish . 
  i would be carefull with the word slave . 
  as in agriculture there was bit of a scandal in czech rep. few years back that they bussed in some people and sort of forgot to pay them for their work . 
  i saw a news clip about a spargel farmer that said that unemployed germans , just arent into farm work anymore . 
  not sure if believable , looked like capitalist . 
  k. . . ty ... . 
  the funny thing about europe is you go somewhere for six hours straight and boom you are in another country , unless you get stuck on czech highway in that case you mostly moved just 5 km ... [ ba-dum-bum-tss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gpaoy8b8x6a ), 
  i would think the general shyness . 
  they might be able to hold a full conversation , but dont have any trusts in their own abilities . 
  ... `` you got ta believe in your self hungary , choo choo , be like the brave locomotive , you can do it . '' ... 
  or just the lack of exercice as many tourists just go to vienba for their central europe feel . 
  or to prague for that matter of fact ( which is awesome ) . 
  but i heard their christmas markt in budapest beats the one in vienna , so need to try it . 
  look at hungary first . 
  ah spain always in seconds ... 
  i thought so too , but its rather mixed with netherland photos . 
  or some do reddit strictly at work only . 
  well there is the traditional burning of the witch on 30 april in \u010cr , but no drugs and no nude dancing . 
  worried about your record ? 
  ma \u00b4 am your son was at this and this demonstration would you like to pack your family before leaving ? 
  [ xindle x - cizinka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oj49fm3m1ue ), 
  i live in middle of nowhere and know about the infamous florida-man . 
  sounds more like marketing `` how can we wrap this shit , so people buy it . '', 
   did n't get shot hey on the positive side , you didnt had to find out how much would they charge you in the hospital for it . 
  nope my insurance company is state owned they dont pay for that fancy stuff . 
   czechoslovakia [ what year is it ? 
  ] ( http://whatyearisit.info/img/what_year_is_it.jpg ), 
  seems the wrong brother was on the plane . 
  you might to want to go to a doc to check yer kidneys . 
  there is a tiny difference , babi\u0161 doesnt sound that insane . 
  that would be just my electricity bill ... have too many freezers in cellar . 
   percentage of people that would n't like to have drug addicts as neighbours really comes to what you identify as a drug . 
  i just heard it yesterday in the weather report , as evidently you can somewhat ski already in some tatra resorts ( or at least build a snowman ) . 
  i knew babsk\u00e9 l\u00e9to was a thing but winter variant was new to me . 
  babsk\u00e1 zima is evidently a thing now . 
  luxemburger ? 
  true , but my point was that prague was way overpriced even for czech standard . 
  you brits bet on everything , any option to bet who gets worser in the end ? 
   prague well there is your problem . 
  it is like wheel of fortune , those costs money . 
  brexit is like my sexlife , alot of talking and nothing happens . 
  i think it was considered a jerking prevention . 
  i hand shaked and kissed on cheek mine , when leaving elementary school , great years of puberty i tell ya . 
   asshole did you missed he is french ? 
  the worst thing is you learn about such great schemes only after they gon na be shut down .
