   sudetenland nope , but we can keep sachsen as well , so good deal for both . 
  i think its logical , there are lots of sweets , so if you got kids with you , they will beg and annoy you till you get them some , thus there is a choise to prevent future kids to do the same . 
  i like the floor pictures very ... german . . any parket photos by any chance ? 
  we got the same , plus condoms , all flavors . 
  kind of had the feeling you were yank stranded in finland . 
  the harley and whiskey made it rather confusing . 
   german tax money building roads in poland they gon na be used by german cars anyway ... not that you would still own those ( old jokes die hard . ), 
  and sheep and pork . 
  thanks damnmark and you guys ... the animal production went down drasticly . 
  beer news is good news . 
  where i live there is a nearby field , and after the plowing it is quite common to find shards of old ceramic from older times ( 17/18ct ) possibly as someone used that piece of land as dump . 
  but nearby you can still find sharp little stone blades , possibly fro stoneage , as the area is rich for voulcanic glass . 
  boom ... dfn1 : `` what happened ahmed ? '' ... 
  ahmed : `` i feel fabulous . '', 
  the fear of starvation does . 
  itch powder . 
  so not a natural beauty , the industry is corupt :op, 
  goodness that link has stronger paywalls then the chineese dynasties . 
   that 's pretty fucked up yup , i think logic isnt strengh of such movements . . 
  when all become the right kind of muslim ? 
  yup too many monarchies at that time . 
  go republic , or something blue gets spilled . 
   lawyer now who would trust those . 
  bro thats like over 100 years ago , does it still count ? 
   your pun should not those be funny ? 
  always liked their culture , and geopolitics . 
  not sure if sarah wiener still cooks for them . 
  it rubs the lotion on its skin and stop crying . 
  idiots , they should have just waited for the asylum to pass and then they could have moved where ever they wanted withing the eu legaly . 
  and despite some negative voices je\u017eek is drinkable . 
  so it could not have been part of the reason of their trip . 
  great , now he will [ niko bellic ] ( http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/4/46/nikobellic.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20130224033616 ) your neighbourhood . 
  never can go wrong with nena . 
  no offence , but eeeww , if i would be parent of the architect i would slap his hands for desinging something like [ that ] ( http://hs12.snstatic.fi/webkuva/taysi/960/1407553428388?ts=609 ) . 
  chalange accepted ... someone would say . 
  croatia , has a nice flirt with us every summer . 
  and where do you think you are going mister ? 
  hej is rather universal, 
  arguing in irish must be funny . 
   occasional ugly communist-era highrise apartment buildings so dont copy them [ mardyke estate essex ] ( http://farm9.static.flickr.com/8073/8254622329_2925b15385_m.jpg ), 
  first day of spring ... yeah sure . 
  plus the cheese , i always found lidl had really good collection of cheese . 
  was on trip in paris , i saw that snickering . 
  those fuckers know english , they just dont want to speak it . 
  but with german you can get by germany , austria , switzerland . 
  as well in czech rep and poland , as many have they are importatn business partners and tourism and such . 
  because earthquakes . 
  natures own reset button . 
  ah thanks . 
  ah so its not warning about females of light morals ? 
  does `` hooren '' means what i think what it means ? 
  colonising and stuff . 
  indonesia is dutch from now on . 
  it would not happen if the alcohol would be cheaper . 
  but no one wants to be an american styled redneck . 
  i would rather have my child become a furry then this paramilitaristic nonesense . 
  danish girl ... was confused as i saw the movie . 
  just saying that getting even a secondary education requires dedication and prework . 
  which doesnt happen from day to day . 
  just adding some information that european education might be free but not free of effort . 
  we have effin hard exams even for secondary schools.unless you had straight 1s at elementary school . 
  fun fact , it was shot in czech rep. 
  sealand ? 
  only if you travel with camper . 
  mongolia surprises me with the ammount of mongol workers i saw around jihlava . 
  167 a lot of countries i will not visit . 
  thats the reason you dont use unpaid intershipers for important tasks . 
  in australia it means : `` you '' , `` buddy '' , `` chap '' , `` polititian '' , `` turist '' , `` expensive slit machine '', 
  they asked for it . 
  the way they swayed their flag . 
  people or the spiders ? 
  i heard they taste like deer . 
  or to stop the flood of australians , that realized they are on the wrong continent . 
  everybody knows bratislava is country of its own . 
  the capital is nitra . 
   czechen republic hmm that explains why i get asked how bad was the war on the internet . 
  and i was too confused as the adolfs war sequel was quite long ago . 
  mate i know you guys got it upside down . 
  but we consider that part north . 
  so might be better call it new north territory ? 
  i heard something of a firework . 
  before all the habsburg thing we voted our kings . 
  well at least the nobles did . 
  formely known as bohemian kingdom . 
  facepalms ... 
  maybe its due language . 
  its easier to learn english then french or the other one . 
  yeah planwirtshaft had more then few loopholes that needed attending before it was applied . 
  that reminds me of a story from 70s when two american tourist were looking for the iron courtain in between bavaria and \u010csr only to be dissapointingly stopped in a forest by the czechoslovakian boarder control few kilometers inland . 
  would make interesting surename . 
  i tried to be funny by claiming that the polish sell their children for that ammount . 
  a picture worth more then thousand words . 
  thats like 125 $ , not much . 
  thought kids are more worth , damn recession . 
  i think they welcomed some hundres of ukrainians already . 
  so the foreign part is not so corect . 
  or that they will tear europe apart . 
  i always knew having facebook with real name and adress is stupid idea . 
  i heard he had some ambrosia bit earlier . 
  are air rifles inclueded ?
