  where the new arrivals can learn the great satisfaction of working on a farm . 
  growing up in farmland area i occasianaly took sumer jobs on a farm , and taught me two things : making food is rewarding labor ( inner reward not financial ) . 
  and bulls shit stink more then the one from cows . 
  yeah definately needed a referendum on that one . 
  not all lands in english have end with - ia . 
  well it would be historically correct , but thanks to the french the bohemia brand got bit bitter aftertaste . 
  well i know a guy that worsk for a building company , and he says it couldnt be better , they are building the container homes and shipping them all over europe . 
  so the business is good . 
  but the official locations for their collection are rather overfilled . 
  nationalities , hard to tell some claim to be syrians , but what i heard its mostly pakistinis , afgans and iraqis . 
  and they are not happy being here , as our laws stay , that we have to bill them for their state , as we bill all detainees , inclueding those in prisons . 
  thanks for the offer but i think we got our fill , but not many subharians tat is true , seems they just turned left in austria right for the swiss and germoney . 
  i would go what sounds best when shouted by thousands of fans on the tribunes , at some sport spectacle . 
  it really sounds like the german `` tchechien '' which is softened with a hint of `` n '' at the end but still sounds unnatural as well . 
  lol too late , we already got some of their dentists , engineers are next . 
  we pay our fair share ( too much if you ask some of our voted leaders ) . 
  as do all countries of eu , well maybe not some southern ones . 
  we give them option to earn it , if they take it or not is up to them , or leave . 
  thats the trouble i think , if we would treat them as our own , they would complain as its just a fraction compared to what germany offers . 
  on the other side if we would give them more , then the ones depended on social welfare ( with citizenship ) would complain that they want equal . 
  so there always be unsatisfied voices . 
  plus quotas are questionable , as we can only take as much as are facilities are able to take , and they are overfilled already . 
  but which country would be willing to accept people without papers and without background checks ? 
  it is like licking a random white powder in toilets . 
  is it cocaine ? 
  is it cleaning powder ? 
  or rat poison ? 
  yes but the hotspots , were too late , and became rather unused and uneffective , as far i heard . 
  czesco could be alternative . 
  though might bring the risk of being called tesco people . 
  but still sounds better then czechia ( yuck my stomach twisted ) . 
  that is the main problem in greece and italy , as its hard to weed them without experts . 
  seriously there were dozens of of people , that reached wiena , claiming to be syrians , despite not speaking a word arabic . 
  no idea of lifes of those who emigrated during the brotherly occupation . 
  but those generyl at us were called emigrants not run aways nor refugees . 
  but i assume they did not went benefit shopping but learned the language and started to work . 
  if the `` refugees '' stay here they have to learn the language and learn some skills for work . 
  `` bez pr\u00e1ce nejsou kol\u00e1\u010de '' if they dont well , they will live in poverty and drag down their children and grandchildren . 
  and those will take the behaviour of their parents or says `` fuck it '' and actually try to improve their situation by study and work . 
  it is up to them . 
  you need to work certain amounts of months to get the benefit of uneployment payments . 
  ( and its pay out just for limited time ) . 
  and if they work 15 years or more , and contributed to the system they get the right for full czech pension . 
  ( still like half of a german one ) our system more or less works : `` you get what you paid for '' . 
  unless they go on full social benefits ( the gypsy way ) and will finance their living mostly through social benefits on their kids ( the more kids , the more benefits you get ) . 
  which is enough to survive but not enough to have comforts that the german welfare provides . 
  well i doubt they stay in czesko ( as using czechia aches my spine ) , few weeks ago there was a situation a syrian christian family , was literally days away for residency permit and the complete asylum bonus . 
  but they saw a chance to go to germany ( illegaly of course ) and grabbed it , and by breaking the rules they lost their chance . 
  so i doubt any would stay here . 
  unless as you mentioned they stay here pernamantly but get some kind of second degree human id , that would coffin them only to the country they were showeled to . 
  so vast ammounts ( more then 1000 ) of `` refugeese '' to stay or be settled in \u010cr is doubtful . 
  and if the war will last for 10 years , who wil pay for their housing , food , etc ? 
  there was series of commercials of australian net provider , as ausies have generally lower speeds then [ slovakia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amllg7iht-o ) though as i heard if that company \u00b4 s speed suckk so its false advertisement anyway . 
   at the time , czech european affairs minister tomas prouza tweeted : `` permanent quotas once again ? 
  how long will the eu commission keep riding this dead horse instead of working on things that really help ? '' if they will force it on us , we will declare them potential risk and swap them for ukrainians , who actually manage to integrate into the workforce . 
  the internet commercials ? 
  yes whats wrong with chickens periods ? 
  seriously once it there you eat it , its a staple for milenia . 
  i blame vegetarians . 
  plus bacon . 
  seriously if once a month someone from goverment dropped by and gave me a pound of bacon . 
  life would be awesome . 
  seeing lot of footage from athens jams . 
  well no wonder you can not overtake like maniac , if you only can move 10m/hour . 
  which is a reason why suvs are getting popular , no one fukks with bigger car . 
  ever seen a scene from romes traffic ? 
  go czesko or stay in pub . 
  after her parting they could still become republic . 
  you dont need army , all you need is group of scientist with flexible morals and a politian that looks dead serious into enemies eyes sayin `` fukk off mate , or i flood your land with new kind of shit , that would make look gods wrath on egypt look like ugly tumblr post . '', 
  then all they have to do is knock off some girl and become stay home dads . 
  dont forget you identify as trans-minotrity as well , better then bachalors degree . 
  most broken clocks are right time at least twice a day . 
  [ supergreen ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/hq2xdestpcxq8/giphy.gif ), 
  cool turbans ? 
  the screens of most hollywood flicks `` i heard '' are direct from china and russia , so no doubt most russian originals will be online after the premiere . 
  baning will solve nothing , who will want to see it will see it . 
  thanks to all mighty internet censorship became bullshit . 
  eu cows tend to be mad . 
  so you now have better drugs , ir did they just got more expensive ? 
  the color scheme fits already . 
  indian express an unorthodox source for eur . 
  politics . 
   cyber warfare . 
  doesnt sound so dangerous . 
  if britain leaves greece is next . 
  but those are only the unemployed registered in the system the true numbers are much higher . 
  oh , so stolen just for profit , and there i hoped for some nice little cs lan party . 
  good old days . 
  and cheeper crematories , saw whole busses of german `` tourists '' looking for some nice facilities . 
  sorry kiddo you \u00b4 re 45 months too old for it, 
  russian is established in schools since the whole `` brother state '' thing , but generally it is considered as easier language to learn as it is slavic category . 
  thus it is chosen by those who want to put lesser effort into studies . 
  which doesnt always pays off as you still have to learn vocabulary like by any other language . 
  also we still have economic ties to russia , as the export/import was quite livid until recent events . 
  and i think will be good to know some lines , when they decide to ocupy us again . 
  englis/german/russian is standart second language the the third would be german/french/enlgish . 
  but the french is quite in decline , at least i hear about it lesser about it from elementary and secondary schools . 
  in colleges spanish/chineese is the new thing . 
  to spare you from colorful dreams ? 
  you never know when the swede will start raiding again .
