  must be a new mercedes bus , my local bus provider bought few of those as well with the originalbezeichnung . 
  innocently looks towards albania . 
  finland you are scandinavia for me . 
  your metal rocks . 
  everyone without papers that doesnt feel like afgan will be declared chineese and dropped off at some of the new instaled islands . 
  i always imagined santas village quite similar . 
  its a name of the forest , i googled it and seems \u0160uma its actually old slavic word for thick woods . 
  ah always wondered bout the word \u0160umava . 
  the lighthouse looks quite unreal , like some fantasy island . 
  thats true for all parties in other coutries as well . 
   and csi : cyber , which premiered in 2015 . 
  did not know that one . 
  nice read , thanks, 
  then all to sardinia , thats almost the same . 
  csi tought anybody to wear gloves even on the loo . 
  building a nuclear powerplant would make them angrier , maybe a dumbsite for radioactive material somewhere close to border would piss them so much more . 
  thanks, 
  curse words ? 
  finish and estonian for that matter sounds similar with the same accents , but as my hungarian friend said , she understands whole shit from it . 
   4 guys , 5 baseball bats you want to make it a fair fight and equip fifht one to the suspect ? 
  ah , not really sauce more of a yhogurt with garlic . 
  but might be european version . 
  where is the garlic sauce ? 
  i saw in finland made surimi sticks covered in chocolate , dont complain . 
  in slovenia in wild rivers too . 
  heard some of my countrymen , though its a good idea to go without instructer or experience . 
  i think we might have invented yolo . 
  does it mean threesome in your language too ? 
  about they hard life on social welfare was . 
  and how they are smarter then most policemen . 
  typical yankee gansta bullshit , mostly . 
  hehe there is a market place called mexico / mexikoplac in my city too . 
  never knew why . 
  we die in silly ways in slovakia and slovenia too . 
  austria - hungary was an empire too . 
  because no preassurewas applied . 
  that the brusells did shit as the fuel was added constantly in to the fire . 
  and started to do anything when it was too late by breaking everyones windows and doors . 
  most polish baristas in london have masters degree . 
  and just like in nk , the leaders hair cut gets mandatory for all . 
  silence you heretic . 
  disco is life . 
  if you thought 300 spartans did alot , just wait , 5 germans with the right forms are unstopable . 
  i bet its tonys blair fault . 
  i know it was part to destroy the sand/slate oil ( or what ever its called in english ) competition from n.america , with the effect of shrunking the russian economy as a bonus . 
  i just think that if the others decide to keep it bit longer , it will hurt the saudis cash reservers as well . 
  and so shrinking their money and influence . 
  a revolution is not needed at all . 
  suadies keep at power just by money , and their reserves are draining . 
  just keep the price of oil low , and the rest will be solved by the nature of the market . 
  or two bloody corpses on white snow . 
  polandball corrupted you . 
  you are marked for ever . 
  they got even slavic y based gene pool . 
  or surprise assisination, 
  almost number one . 
  but bronze is a medal too . 
  we are still an union , but shengen is dead at this moment . 
  the problem is when the destination countries close their borders they become the problem of transit countries . 
  i though more like `` be ass '' ( be like to be , or shorter from bee ), 
  there is also florball , hockeyball . 
  interesting sports to play on a school hall . 
  or italian 4 ) when somebody runs by you lay on ground and swing with painfull expression . 
  they have nice old wooden swings , its national hobby since centuries . 
  the basebal in czech has quite a history.though our biggest stadium looks like a us junior/or rural league . 
  if you want learn baseball i recommend diamont of ace anime . 
  for snow and swamp . 
  the crocs of the baltics . 
  great perfomance . 
  not very kind to swiss cultural character . 
  but funny for the rest . 
  plus it got nice bearded women . 
  a joke i did not fully get . 
  i was reffering to a german film '' [ tell ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0865950/ ) '' which was funny according to my taste . 
  vegetables especially fresh in greater mass might get pricier then chicken . 
  i pray in the morning and in evenings and only before the meals at home . 
  just a simple crossing by outside dinning . 
  i dont go to church from a simple reason : i hate my local priest , and the whole untouchable church thing is slightly aching my fist . 
  edit : i pray while driving alot too . 
  `` please let that be a green light '' `` please let that wierd burning smell or weird sound not come from my car . '', 
  steamed cabbage ( from poland ) and baked pork ( from danemark ) on chopped garlic ( from spain ) . 
  eating it with my stainles cutlery ( from germany ) on my karlovarsk\u00fd porcelain plate . 
  while cursing on the lame footbal ( from england ) . 
  soon ... one of us , ones of us ... suisse . 
  you willl yield to the habsburg . . er . . 
  i mean european power . 
  funny , europe has all the gay , but russia has all the aids . 
  but that could be due to their not present ( presented ) drug problem . 
  eurostan . 
  unless you have relatives from nazaret . 
  plus most of your bigger cities are harbor cities , which is plus . 
  no idea how the sewage system would work with bigger housing units tho . 
  i always felt when the space runs out the dutch will opt for more houseboats . 
  they are called on reddit swamp gemans for a reason . 
  i really doubt they believe the whole free blonds stuff . 
  do they ? 
  odd that the google translater , seems to cope with swedish better then with danish . 
  i can google something so i am a hacker . 
  triangels are awesome . 
  plain three stripes would be boring .
