  better potatos . 
  plus we all know who really works on german farms . 
  cheese is so gay nowadays . 
  but how would they react when hundrest of ships and private charter planes just come . 
  full of europeans and their shnitzel loving culture . 
  the travel is 5,000,000 km / 150-300 days . 
  you can play uno only so many times . 
  i think many would go nuts in that time . 
  more will come. , and then more and more . 
  who invites them keeps them . 
  thats the common rule . 
  the guy who aproves the funds needs a cut . 
  the guy who controls the project too . 
  too many hands stretched out . 
  when in doubt for the right sum go for double . 
  ( 3x is bit overkill ), 
  no matter the country . 
  most scams , and tax evasion happens in lumber and building industry . 
  if you want to scam with the big boys , you would have to go into banking . 
  then i would send there a armed troup of social care and take those kids away as they are clearly with stupid/bad parents . 
  why they dont go to albania , there are moslims , its in europe , and no war , since a while . 
  plus the serbian flag . 
  or `` tifu '' sometimes goes years back . 
  accept the liberation of east ukraine and bayern , yeah i think bayern should be free again . 
  slovakia was against the sanctions against russia , as it would weeken some business deals and investments . 
  but germany says you have to make sacrifices for greater good . 
  and it seems profiting with russia is ok now again . . 
   british hate period thats possibly due to scots . 
  rest of the europe i get the feeling dont gives a shit if england and its siblings stay or go . 
   if everyone followed the rules and regulations there would be no refugee problem . 
  dammit uk sent ours back only after sending them only few thousand . 
  i want my free gi joe and bike , kajac , air rifle , with nice red ribbon . 
  madrid real ? 
  did you see their national female voleyball team ? 
  they should go to iceland . 
  for genefond revitalization . 
  too much cousins . 
  winter is comming . 
  not sure they would like it . 
  the incomming auttum pisses them off already . 
  plus they would visually fit in romania . 
  many look like the local gypsies . 
  with enough wine , every woman is beautiful . 
  they already found dozens of torn pakistani , kazach and some other nationalities papers/passports/ids on hungarian/serbian border . 
  it snows there ? 
  my imgaes of siberia come of ewan mcgregors motovoyage . 
  cousin roman , effect . 
  i am too weak to go against three idiots at once , it doesnt mean i will not try it . 
  from human perspective a moment of weakness can lead to weeks of pain . 
  the worse part is it was all filmed in czech republic . 
  yup two working ones . 
  see them every saturday making their rounds around neighbourhood . 
  as someone living in slovakia , if that happens we have to send those two working jets to control the southern border , just in case , if those guys would set their eyes to the north . 
   american evangelical christianity err that wasnt much of an upgrade . 
  probably . 
  really hard to choose [ this ] ( http://www.krasyprirody.cz/praha/intro-hradcany2.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://hnonline.sk/sites/default/files/attachments/images/570/37637570-pivo1.jpg ) . 
  best both . 
  cool , a prototype ? 
  every germany versus turkey football match . 
  hmm given putin wants to be on top for at least till he is 70 , it surely will be the empire again . 
  given that some military bases are being closed due to budget cuts , or staffed with minimum personel . 
  there is space , but some reconstruction would beneeded , would the u.s. make those or the host country ? 
  ticks ( as the germans mentioned ) , wolfs ( very few ) , bear ( they literrary rip off your face ) , foxes ( if they are infected , otherwise very shy ) , badger ( never saw one but best to stay away ) , deer ( seriously stay away of those as well , especially when young and ready to rumble ) , boar ( especialy females with younglings ) , stray dogs . 
  and trucks merciless and sleep deprived - biggest killers so far . 
  when i m drunk i hug and try to kiss people not caring about gender or race . 
  i am a perfect drunk . 
  or russian ones . 
  on behalf on the u.s. most of its people got some kraut roots , even more then irish . 
  or got enough cuddle when they were puppies . 
  they are made all over the world , even one factory near las vegas . 
  looks expensive , remember theese guys are low budget and mostly volunteers . 
  they can only afford second hand stuff like some military disposed ones . 
  sounds fun . 
  just trying to help, 
  but butthurting is haram . 
  the jws found quite good rooting in their mids, 
  in slovakia they just added to their constitution that marriage is a bond only between a man and a woman . 
  sooo ... 
  i am for equality so lets snippity snap the guys too , if they choose tho . 
  if you read my comment-we would offer it and it would be up to them to pick their destiny , , they came here illegaly , so if they like legal shortcuts , here is an alternative . 
  i think there is even a bonus as we then dont have to get woried if their children or grandchildren would decide to go radical and change europe to a dusty country . 
  the programs were in the us and europe too for people that were low on the social scale . 
  so thats been here in 50. ,60 . ,70 . 
  so not so entirely new or 3d world . 
  nope . 
  offering them bullet or gas would be inhumane . 
  `` could '' it was about choice , to change the status from illegal to legal migrant , their choice . 
  me too , but it was the other way around , the failed austrian artist wanted to empty the land for the `` moister race '' . 
  i just want the population keep stable . 
  plus my kind of program would be voluntary . 
  as i believe in democracy and free choice and potatos . 
  ( though my other ideas are bit more controversial ), 
  i had an idea which would solve some problems , but is bit unhumanitarian . 
  to all those illegalls offer legal migrant status if they let them self to be sterilized . 
  they get a fair chance for peaceful life . 
  and when they pass there will be place for one more . 
  without the following poppulation explosion that would follow and racket the whole economy . 
  unless you cheer for the wrong team . 
  see you in new amsterdam yankee . 
  they used polish before too .
