  there 's not a place in europe where i would advice you to stay away from , except from some neighbourhoods in big cities . 
  on the contrary , most places are great to explore and people are willing to talk about pretty much everything . 
  you 'll feel safe throughout europe . 
  when we think america , we think that shit over there is crazy . 
  jesus being shoved in your face all day , police to be afraid of , stupidity everywhere , patriotism . 
  we have our prejudices as well :p, 
  so , what do you think the point of that fuzzy feel good about europe commercial is ? 
  what am i missing here ? 
  yes i sound bitter , but i 'm simply not optimistic about the way things are going . 
  well that 's not the worst thing , the worst thing is , i do n't see a way out of this mess . 
  we do n't want a republic . 
  it requires this never ending patriotism and all that `` ask not what your country can do for you , ask what you can do for your country '' bullshit . 
  i do n't think we can bring that up , i mean for europe . 
  i certainly ca n't . 
  europe is divided , different and the only thing we share is a continent . 
  the last thing i feel is some kind of patriotism for europe . 
  no , i want peace and cooperation . 
  i would like us to share a common understanding of human rights . 
  i want us to share knowledge and ideas , be in good understanding with each other . 
  and have a single voice and impact on global issues that matter to us all . 
  i want the benefits , we all want the benefits . 
  creating a superstate has lead to us now being able to tell greece what to do . 
  because otherwise we get hurt too much . 
  the greek never signed up to become us , the greek were fine just being greek . 
  so it 's a mess and the only thing they can do is continue pressing on this superstate ideal with fuzzy feel good commercials like this . 
  the only reason we got into this euro mess is because of bankers wanting to get richer , let them make a commercial about that . 
  instead they leave us with this nice little commercial to pretend that this is something that we have always dreamt about . 
  the only reason they want to superstate is because that 's how they can keep the euro . 
  no other reason , not for you or me or our dreams . 
  ice cold hard cash , that 's what it 's about . 
  if they really cared about people , we would never have had this lousy construction we have now . 
  europe is n't about you and me , never will be . 
  it needs to be dismantled and rebuild if you want something close to that . 
  looks like the yanks are more ready than we are . 
  not that we can complain by the way as we are allowing companies to use us a tax haven as well . 
  even better , i believe last year there was a research that showed 70 or 80 out of the 100 biggest companies in the world are using us ( nl ) for their tax constructions . 
  so the government wo n't do anything about this , as it would only serve to show hypocrisy . 
  i disagree , but let 's save that for another time . 
  have a wonderful evening . 
  alright , alright , fair enough . 
  but hey is n't bradley manning in gitmo ? 
  come on , we are talking about america . 
  i recently saw [ this one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_lqzu9j2pm ) , check it out . 
  * andrew young , the former u.s. 
  ambassador to the un told the french socialist newspaper le matin : `` there are hundreds , perhaps thousands , of people [ in the u.s. ] whom i would call political prisoners . 
  '' * [ source ] ( http://rt.com/usa/news/obama-political-prisoners-usa/ ) . 
  because it 's not about the difference , it 's about the similarities . 
  it 's the people who say that they are all so different that are screaming the loudest . 
  the people who see the similarities just nod their head and say `` well done . '', 
  people who say that you ca n't compare them , that 's the problem . 
  you can compare them . 
  breivik is heavily influenced by wilders ' ideology . 
  and both hitler and wilders are against a specific part of society based on religion . 
  so what is the message that you are actually trying to convey here ? 
  i do n't see it , sorry . 
  agree , disagree , it 's not terribly clear to me . 
  edit , people here want to know your opinion on this , you 're dutch and so far it 's only me , the socialist marxist communist , that 's talking . 
  it will mean that our budget deficit might not be in line with the european agreement . 
  and that our austerity measures will not be as hard-lined as is expected from us by the eu nations . 
  there is a slight possibility of a ripple-effect through europe . 
  there also is however , a fine for this behavior to discourage moving away from the agreements . 
  the sp leader has made a bit of a stupid remark ` over my dead body ' when asked about that fine . 
  even though his argument was a lot more subtle , that remark has been picked up and he is portrayed as anti-eu because of that . 
  his argument was such that he acknowledges the difference between the southern european states and the nordic european states in terms of economic situation . 
  that our solidarity with the southern countries should not be measured simply by our willingness to destroy our economy through austerity measures . 
  ( the left economic ideas lean heavily on spending capabilities of the middle class , they want to boost this instead of placing austerity measures on them . 
  they see the spending capabilities as a long term solution and austerity as a short term solution which does more harm than good when not necessary ) . 
  we can deal with the fine , when we can deal with the fine , but ` over his dead body ' that he is going to bullied by this eu agreement . 
  things has changed since that agreement was made . 
  that was the line of his argument , it 's not verbatim . 
  so in terms of europe , when we succeed with putting into place this ( far - ) left party , other countries might follow the example . 
  this is kind of the fear underlying the anti-rhetoric . 
  for as far as i understand it . 
  he 's certainly not anti-europe in a sense that they want out , but europe is clashing with his socialist economic agenda . 
  he thinks the euro was put in place much too soon , but he also says , that this is the reality we live in . 
  we ca n't go back . 
  good for europe , yes . 
  and the purple years in general have been good years for us as well . 
  still an argument can be made that the groundwork of the problems we are in were laid in the 90 's . 
  it made us rich in the short term . 
  you ca n't really expect compromises towards a long term ideological solution from a government combining opposing views . 
  it will keep us afloat though . 
  haha , yes , definately , thilo is also riding this anti-multicultural wave . 
  they shift the blame of the right capitalist liberal ideals ( free markets , capitalism , deregulation ) towards the left social multiculturalism . 
  ( they 're stealing our jobs , they 're feeding of the system , etc. 
  that nonsense . ), 
  they blame the left , the communists , etc. 
  for making it so easy for people to be lazy and do nothing . 
  this is pretty much standard national-socialist . 
  i will never understand why he is still in the spd . 
  if it was the netherlands he would have formed his own party . 
  looks like he is fighting the socialist uprising from the inside , does n't it ? 
  the left is gaining popularity in germany , linke is still growing . 
  let 's see next year what germany is going to do , i 'm not going to be surprised when you will see a left leaning vote . 
  it 's laughable until you realize that the zionist regime is actually a right wing extremist nationalistic ideology . 
  combine this with wilders having fascist ideals , and the laugh turns into one of a farmer with toothache . 
  the comparison is obvious , but jolink could have chosen franko or mussolini instead of hitler . 
  they 're just not as iconic here in the netherlands , we did n't really deal with them . 
  this is the tolerance absurdum at work , because you are just filling the air with ` terribly misinformed ' and pretend that this is obvious . 
  the comparison actually makes sense , and saying that i 'm terribly misinformed is the same as filling a helium balloon , attach a postcard and hope that it will land at someone who agrees with you .
