  do you live on a different planet ? 
  [ the history of homosexuality is well known ] ( http://www.fordham.edu/halsall/pwh/gayhistbib.asp ) . 
  as well as [ homosexuality in nature ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/homosexual_behavior_in_animals ) . 
   i offered another kind of an interpretation of a symbol . 
  how is that bad reasoning . 
  because it is superficial homophobia , which is bad reasoning regardless of what symbols you interpret through that lens . 
  edit ; for readability . 
  most that reddit knows of russia comes through dashboard cams . 
  the left can learn from the far right . 
  look how easily they put major differences aside , for nothing else than political leverage . 
  the right plays the political game perfectly and always steer towards maximum impact . 
  while the left does practically everything it can to maximize their differences and sit on the side protesting with minimal impact . 
  this generic anti-islamic rhetoric that you 've bought into is just short sighted . 
  discrimination is discrimination , whether on race or otherwise . 
  trying to talk this straight is simply pitiful . 
  at the very least you 'll show that there is a problem and there needs to be something done about the situation . 
   good luck . 
  yeah , i see , i understand why you think the way you do . 
  i wo n't make excuses for the behaviour of the drivers there . 
  but what this situation is doing is making you look for punishment for all drivers everywhere . 
  and of course , no more cars , yeah ... ca n't argue against the safety that provides , but it 's not going to happen . 
  there are a lot of solutions that are not punishment and addresses the more general problems like pollution and congestion that you are forgetting . 
  by the way ... did you know that the fine for not stopping for a zebra crossing is 350 euros ? 
  might be interesting to complain with the police and you might see some sweet justice served . 
   taxing cars does make public transportation cheaper . 
  it 's not making it more affordable either . 
  that 's what we want : affordable transport . 
  not forced by an economic necessity . 
   every car is a very bad thing that 's why everybody is using it ? 
  name one driver who has a desire to pollute a desire to congest and a desire to kill . 
  they do n't exist . 
  and practically every person in a car in nl is acutely aware of this . 
  they 're not stupid and they 're not sociopaths . 
  that 's way too simplistic of a thought . 
  you 're talking about your fellow dutch full human beings . 
  in nl they are not stupid or sociopaths , that simply does n't fly . 
  if you need to be degrading for the sake of being right , you should do a bit more thinking , because there is something intrinsically wrong with your ideas . 
   only significant disincentives will prevent this . 
  this is my biggest gripe with your philosophy . 
  these things in the past have [ proven not to work ] ( http://scholar.google.nl/scholar_url?hl=en&amp;q=http://www.researchgate.net/publication/226966709_effects_of_economic_disincentives_on_private_car_use/file/5046351962008c7648.pdf&amp;sa=x&amp;scisig=aagbfm00pmyetbtnk0ohrc4oibuxemhahg&amp;oi=scholarr&amp;ei=h4qiuoxknmaqtabgmodicg&amp;ved=0ccoqgamoataa ) . 
  the effects of disincentives are weak , it 's not a solution to the problem . 
  we need a solution that removes as much of the negative consequences , but maintains as much of the benefits and perks of what a car is and does . 
  your solution removes both , which is why it does n't work . 
  as a side note , i want to add that the chance of killing someone with a car in nl is not significant , in fact it is in the low end ( 6 deaths per 100k ) and in 2005 we were the safest country * in the world * when it came to road safety . 
  of course i agree that road safety should be a priority , but it 's not really valid if the rest of the world has us to live up to . 
  we are an example country when it comes to road safety . 
  the claim that taxing ownership of cars in the city is unfair ? 
  that 's what we are discussing . 
  it 's the reason i brought up the examples in the first place . 
  i said that there are so many cars on the road , and that one of the main reasons is that the cost of public transport is so high . 
  ( and [ is only getting higher ] ( http://www.trouw.nl/tr/nl/4492/nederland/article/detail/3404058/2013/03/05/zorgen-kamer-over-stijgende-kosten-openbaar-vervoer.dhtml ) . ), 
  because i still think that taxing car ownership ... and let 's say that you are right and public transport is cheaper towards the cities ... that you are still forcing people to move outside the city . 
  public transport in the netherlands is not a replacement for the car . 
  we only talked about job related use . 
  but shopping , visits , holidays , all that freedom you have with a car , you take that away as well . 
  having a car is an obvious choice , it 's a fair choice and everybody should be in the position to make the choice to get a car . 
  ` you live in the city , you do n't need one ' , is the only thing you are defending this tax with it sounds like . 
  me offering other solutions like making the public transport more attractive by making it ( a lot ) cheaper . 
  would n't that be an obvious way to get less cars on the road ? 
  and an obviously better solution than taxation ? 
  i took the prices from 9292ov . 
  it was an example and more about the difference between the price of a car versus the price of public transport . 
  and that public transport is expensive in the netherlands . 
  i have n't made the calculation in years , it was a while ago , i 'm not really surprised that it 's wrong . 
  but it 's also not as easy as just train fares , my job and my home were n't close to the station . 
  and amsterdam was also just an example . 
  my situation was just an example . 
  you 're not addressing the point , you 're just attacking examples . 
  which is fine , but then be complete and do n't forget that you 're not responding to the objections that i made . 
   then choose another job closer to home the entire reason that people get jobs further away is because it 's a better job than they can get closer to home . 
  and they do n't want to leave their place for a variety of reasons , and those reasons are fine . 
  there is nothing wrong with it . 
  and the point is that it should not be forced with taxes . 
  the question was , how do we get less cars on the road . 
  than more taxation clearly is not the answer . 
  you force more people into jobs closer to home that they do not want , are not satisfying , etc. 
  or you force people away from family friends , and all the things i mentioned . 
   it is up to each and every person to evaluate if that 's acceptable to them and make their choices accordingly . 
  so the point is , how is taxing car ownership in cities going to help people make choices ? 
  if anything it is forcing people into behavior they did n't choose , being perfectly happy working an hour away . 
  and again , let me reiterate , there is no alternative in our public transportation system . 
  so these natural and completely sane choices that people make choosing a job and choosing a place to live , are not being accommodated for in terms of public transport . 
  and now you say , well people need to stop being normal and make normal choices , they just need to suck it up and live somewhere else or work somewhere else . 
  because we need less cars on the road , you 're willing to do that ? 
  the simple solution is making public transport cheaper and more accessible so that people can go where they want and do what they want , what they would have otherwise only been realistically able to do with a car . 
  we need to create an alternative . 
  not force people to change their lives , it 's not fair and it 's not realistic to belief that people will . 
  right , so are you willing to force people out of their social circles and into housing they do n't really want . 
  that 's not really a humane treatment . 
  clearly ( if you insist on it being a choice ) the choice that people make now when they are faced with this choice is in most cases staying wherever they live . 
  taking in consideration friends , relatives , services and their personal economical situation . 
  which are much more important for a persons well-being than a nice job and should be prioritised by any sane person . 
  if you are young and not specifically tied to a location by partner , child , services , family , friends and/or financial commitments like a loan on a house ... than your reaction is somewhat understandable . 
  but it 's not realistic . 
  your solution is taxing the pursuit of a happy and stable life . 
  this is a bit too simplistic . 
  what you are not recognizing is that people have to commute . 
  that 's not a choice . 
  basically what you are doing is punishing people for going to work . 
  there is no real alternative for the car in nl , the only alternative there is in public transport is practically equally or more expensive .
