  the capitalists have been able to regulate the market by deregulating it . 
  speculation , worthless financial products , etc. 
  these things were added by the financial market * under the flag of ` self regulating markets ' . 
  the capitalist fairy tale that markets are able to maintain themselves . 
  the same thing that has been used to sell our health care , public transport , our telecom and postal services to companies , for ` the market ' to regulate them . 
  we have consistently looked for capitalist solutions in our socialist country . 
  we now have fascism on the rise because of higher inequality and more people falling under the poverty line because of the high cost of living in this country . 
  socialism is very much the opposite . 
  * edit : financial sector . 
  i would like to make clear that the socialist party is not a eurosceptic in the sense that it wants out . 
  ( that would be the dutch extreme right wing fascist pvv view . ), 
  the socialist view recognizes the differences between south - and north europe , it blames market regulation and rules set up by the same people who directly profit from these rules . 
  in other words , they say capitalism in eu failed and we are in trouble because of this . 
  the socialist solution would be to not let people suffer unnecessary because of these rules that have been set up . 
  not to walk away from responsibility , but to keep the netherlands livable from a socialist standpoint , not a capitalist standpoint . 
  in other words , not for the banks , but for the people . 
  i can confirm this , i 'm from there as well , zuid westerkwartier . 
  it is a pretty distinct sound , also much closer to dutch in choice of words . 
  i 'm glad you made that distinction , thanks . 
  enjoy the weather !, 
  here have medals and i proclaim you internet hero . 
  we will have a parade in your name . 
  holidays in your name . 
  and you will be known as savior of reddit until the end of times . 
  * up until last year . 
  i believe it is part of the cohesion policy , i 'm not entirely sure about this . 
  thanks !, 
  very clear and indeed i made it sound childish . 
  but you corrected me brilliantly . 
  yes , a big part of this was/is fueled by the hypocrisy of other nations to do n't give a shit about this eu agreement . 
  we ( the dutch ) have always been able to keep our target and we considered ourselves an example . 
  we are bailing out countries , we are loosing a lot of money and we quite honestly could use a bit of room . 
  so the split is between people who want to remain within target because of the agreement , solidarity with the eu and principle . 
  plus the other side who says : we did so much and nothing is working , other countries have all broken this agreement at least once , now it 's our turn . 
  why should we be forced into austerity measures , when we ` never ' did anything wrong and are helping everybody ? 
  however , i do n't really care . 
  we can catch the flak from this if we decided to do it and if we do n't , we will be okay as well . 
  it wo n't be decisive for my vote . 
  the banks are not going to stop what they are doing , they are just going to move to other currencies to keep doing what they are doing . 
  if we want to keep it going , we need to remove all regulations entirely . 
  if we want this to change , it needs to be a fundamental change . 
  i think the way you address this is utterly deceitful and misleading . 
  none of the issues sami have are being addressed and none of them are capable of being discussed because the article is grossly , and i mean grossly , overstating the problems that currently exist . 
  especially now you say that i can just pass it over . 
  to use an article like this is stupid and i 'm glad that i was able to annoy you . 
  have a nice day . 
  wait , so you think that using genital mutilation and comparing sweden to hitlers regime is a great way to address the `` problems '' of the sami people , while mentioning * none * of these problems . 
  why not mention them ? 
  because they do n't exist ? 
  or what is it that you have to use hitler and genital mutilation instead of actually telling what the problems are ? 
  i do n't care about links and photos in such a misleading article , sorry . 
  that was a poorly written and deceitful article . 
  by no means is anything presented there a ` swedish thing ' . 
  eugenics is a western thing , with science backing it up in those days . 
  racial profiling was going on in america and europe . 
  it was a logical conclusion from darwin 's ` survival of the fittest ' ideology into humanism . 
  by no means is this gone from the western culture today , it is for example very prevalent in the philosophy of capitalism . 
  it 's really just seriously dumb to blame sweden for our racist past because the minister decided to participate in provocative art , designed to be provocative . 
  plus , on a side compare sweden now to hitlers regime . 
  al that to make a point about what ? 
  the sami ? 
  you could have just mentioned the wind park and made a good point if this was about the sami . 
  or better , average number of athletes per capita . 
  ah thanks  yeah , was afraid that it was going to turn out this way . 
  ca n't really make out anything on this map . 
  two of the [ answers ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_225_report_en.pdf ) overlap and nothing to connect the first answer with any religion . 
  if the two practically overlapping answers `` i believe there is a god '' & `` i believe there is some sort of spirit or life force '' where used , the map would have been much more uniform . 
  i do wonder why france turns out to be so atheistic . 
  what exactly was the question asked in this survey ? 
  nitpicking are we ? 
  technically correct though . 
  same happened here in the netherlands with the pvv ( party of freedom ) which rests securely on anti-islamic ideology . 
  it became a support partner . 
  we all knew this would happen back in 2008 , we all knew that we would not be able to pay for it and that the euro would come close to crashing if we did . 
  we are watching this slow trainwreck unfolding . 
  we all know that we should n't bail out private bank companies , but still ... 
  israel did n't sign the non-proliferation treaty and deny the existence of nuclear weapons in their country . 
  it 's the only country in the world doing this . 
  it then demands iran to not even be able to have nuclear technology ( which is simply needed for any country ) . 
  let alone nuclear weapons for deterrence . 
  even though iran is surrounded by us-invaded countries . 
  and nuclear powers ( pakistan , india , israel ) . 
  it could use some deterrence . 
  israel is not even able to make peace with a nation who has virtually no weapons or armament and is under their total control . 
  i 'm talking about palestine . 
  israel keeps pretending that palestine for some reason is a threat to their country . 
  it invades palestine regularly and civilian casualties are common . 
  now germany is giving them the power to get unseen around the world in submarines with nuclear warheads . 
  it 's not only going to be used a deterrence , it is going to be used as a pawn . 
  mark my words . 
  giving a state like israel this capability is asking for trouble and i seriously ca n't believe germany is still doing this shit trying to make up for hitler . 
  we have forgiven , the world has forgiven , but israel is abusing it for power . 
  `` so far , israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has met none of the terms . '', 
  they do n't care . 
  they do n't see it the way the germans see it . 
  they are not taking this seriously as a peace offer . 
  they just take and they 'll be back to ask for more . 
  margin of error in calculations 500 % . 
  just goes to show how shady and how secluded the whole banking sector operates . 
  oh do n't worry , i 'll just empty my pockets .
