  isis took responsibility for the action in brussels . 
  what did they say ? 
  `` as long as you keep bombing us we 'll keep bombing you '' . 
  literally that 's what they said behind their religious choice of words . 
  literally they said , these reactions are because of your actions . 
  that 's not even the sentiment of the left , that 's the sentiment of isis itself : * `` let france and those who walk in its path know that they will remain on the top of the list of targets of the islamic state , [ ... ] as long as they lead the convoy of the crusader campaign ... '' * that 's a quote from their statement . 
  by saying that the left is saying the same thing as isis they make the left the enemy . 
  it 's very clearly and directly aimed at doing this . 
  ` if you 're not with us you 're against us ' etc. 
  they need this division to get to this point of a complete removal of all responsibility . 
  that 's even literally what `` we must stop blaming ourselves '' means . 
  which is on a personal level , to a certain extent true , however no longer on a state or societal level . 
  isis grew out of the invasion of iraq , that 's not even up for debate . 
  i do n't know how right wing you have to be to ignore that . 
  it 's just being conveniently forgotten in pieces like this , the history of isis , al-qaida , and middle eastern terrorism . 
  we know , how and why . 
  i can quote reports : * `` if there is one overarching goal they [ movements within islam ] share , it is the overthrow of what islamists call the `` apostate '' regimes : the tyrannies of egypt , saudi arabia , pakistan , jordan , and the gulf states . 
  they are the main target of the broader islamist movement , as well as the actual fighter groups . 
  the united states finds itself in the strategically awkward -- and potentially dangerous -- situation of being the longstanding prop and alliance partner of these authoritarian regimes . 
  without the u.s. these regimes could not survive . 
  thus the u.s. has strongly taken sides in a desperate struggle that is both broadly cast for all muslims and country-specific . 
  * [ source ] ( http://fas.org/irp/agency/dod/dsb/commun.pdf ) p35 . 
  our leaders understand , to a high degree , the problems in the middle east . 
  they see their own hand in it . 
  but choose to continue on the road they are on . 
  and these anti-muslim nuts who cowardly do n't dare to take responsibility are basically saying , why are these people not simply happy that they live under apostate regimes ? 
  is n't that what they want ? 
  is n't that what islam is ? 
  the west has come in , violently , put extremist puppet regimes in place , starts arbitrary wars , destroys infrastructure , let 's foreign companies come in to rebuild and profit , then we have the audacity to ask why these people have violent tendencies towards the west ? 
  these brown people with their weird ideas , they must be inherently violent . 
  we have a democracy , we have voting rights , we vote for our governments . 
  if anything we 're the most responsible party and we have the most power to stop at the very least disastrous foreign policies that have been at the heart of the tensions in the middle east . 
  that 's not a pipe-dream , that 's not inconsequential , it 's taking full on democratic responsibility for the actions of our governments . 
  nobody is saying that that is the end of extremism , that it is the end of violence . 
  but it is at least a start in ending this self-perpetuating cycle , which a reasonable thing the left is aiming for . 
  and the right respond with : are you trying to blame me ? 
  are you blaming me for them blowing themselves up ? 
  no , dudes , we 're saying we live in the west and we have the power to begin ending the perpetuating cycle of violence . 
  simply by acknowledging that we have done shit wrong in the past , and fixing it . 
  reasonable , decent , normal ideas that are n't even deeply left-wing . 
  but even those things ca n't find upvotes in this sub . 
  which is really telling who is running the show here , it is n't reason , it is n't decency and it is n't normal . 
  have a nice day . 
  10/10 would recommend with weed . 
  when you say `` american hands '' you mean about 500 people . 
  of those 500 people , more than 400 inherited their wealth and never worked a day in their lives . 
  they got their money just like kings got their throne back in the middle ages , when democracy was n't invented yet . 
  you do n't really get the inequality in inequality here , this market you are measuring is a measurement of the wealth of just a few people . 
  it has nothing to do with american society as a whole . 
  if you kill 5 million americans , gdp will go up . 
  gdp has been the centre of controversy for the past ... what ... 20 years ? 
  you are living under a rock. , or what ? 
  `` the money will find its way to the domestic sector and jobs will appear . '', 
  has never happened with supply-side economics and the opposite has been happening for the past 20 years . 
  it 's time to wash out your eyes and actually read a newspaper , or the news . 
  * this trickle-down fairy tale literally never happened , fucking ever . 
  * stop being dumb , there is not one example there is of this miracle ... because ... 
  it never worked and will never work . 
  significant distribution of wealth is done through taxation and not by any other means . 
  it certainly is n't happening automatically , or magically by resting in american hands ... 
  waiting by the trillions in offshore bank accounts ... never to be seen again . 
  the largest problem of wealth inequality is exactly people not having wealth . 
  it 's very obvious first of all that you need to make more money than you spend in order to save it . 
  which , with so many working poor in america is certainly not the case . 
  massive income inequality is also a problem there . 
  secondly there are many hidden cost , for example healthcare or education . 
  you can save money when there are high social benefits , which not surprisingly the communist china has and america does n't . 
  it 's beyond abundantly obvious that you can not save what you do not have . 
  if you do n't understand that this is not voluntary , i do n't know what to say . 
  there is not one person that you know , that will say no to the question : do you want more money ? 
  you see , most people would understand that this is what they need . 
  but what actions can people take to get more money ? 
  that is the question you need to ask . 
  there are not enough options for people for achieve the goal of getting more money . 
  it 's the options that are limited . 
  what you are doing is just blaming the poor that they are poor . 
  which is the most fucked up elitist privileged bullshit ever . 
  and you call yourself an anarchist , you should actually just be ashamed and change your name please . 
  yes it was designed to trickle down , absolutely it was . 
  that 's the whole point , it was absolutely advertised that this was the way economics worked . 
  it was n't called ` trickle down ' by the opponents , it was called supply-side economics , but trickling down is exactly precisely what it was designed for . 
  the greater cuts went to entrepreneurs and investors . 
  because the philosophy is that they would be more incentivized to produce more goods . 
  ( the demand side is not taken into consideration in supply-side economics . ), 
  so that they need more employers and more goods would mean lower costs , etc. 
  no i 'm saying that gdp is not actually showing that trickle-down economics is working yes or no . 
  it 's not a good measurement for it , which was what you are implying . 
  you were mistaken . 
  the wealth distribution has become worse , not just in usa , but also in the uk and nl . 
  as a direct result of the ` trickle-down economics ' . 
  [ see graph here ] ( http://datatools.urban.org/features/wealth-inequality-charts/ ) . 
  absolutely ... you 're right , i was mistaken . 
  there is a very simple statistic that shows this : [ wealth inequality ] ( http://www.growwealthy.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/wealthdistribution.jpg ) . 
  yes . 
  although of course it was n't referred to as ` trickle-down economics ' or [ reaganomics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reaganomics ) as it is also known . 
  it was known back then already as supply-side economics . 
  you can read about that in the wiki on reagonomics or [ here directly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supply-side_economics ) . 
  this is what is being referred to , the trickle down idea is due to the fact that most of the tax-cuts were beneficial to companies and the super-rich . 
  the cuts on income tax and capital gain . 
  who would , theoretically , use that money to produce more .
