  those are opinions that do n't count , they 're not contributing to anything and only littering the landscape . 
  you have to actually make an argument , you 're not convincing anyone but who actually already agrees . 
  you already knew that i do n't agree , so there was n't really a point in what you said was there ? 
  other than maybe gather a mob to tie me up with helium balloons . 
  democracy is democracy . 
  there is no ` european democracy ' , we do n't apply a special sauce to democracy . 
  you have elections and you fill the seats in parliament according to the votes . 
  it 's really simple . 
  there is no difference between the democracy in tunesia and the democracy in france . 
  it 's the same as calling an apple a european apple because it grew in europe . 
  it does n't make it more or less of an apple . 
  to say that muslims look at democracy differently is exactly this empty anti-rhetoric i was talking about . 
  and then to say ` and increasing ' it 's also expressing this anti-islamic empty rhetoric . 
  the nazis also said that the jews were planning on taking over the world , it 's just hollow phrases that people throw into the world for you to worry about . 
  25 % of the world population is islamic . 
  are you really willing to say that one quarter of the human population is having a completely different view on what the perfect ideals and freedom look like ? 
  they want war , poverty , inequality , destroy human rights , kill their neighbours , eradicate all resources from the planet . 
  what is it exactly that makes them soooo different that these differences are something that i should worry about in terms of compatibility ? 
  seriously , what exactly ? 
  i was the one who warned you for empty rhetoric and it was well aimed at you , because you do n't see it even when it comes out of your own keyboard . 
  you really have to come with some examples and fill this emptiness , otherwise you 're just forwarding this right-wing bullshit without ever engaging in a meaningful debate . 
  this whole wilders chapter in the netherlands has made me way to educated about this issue . 
  because i want to have an opinion that is well informed . 
  i found practically every of his anti-islam arguments extremely shortsighted and to put bluntly : pure crap . 
  wilders agenda is a pure zionist one . 
  he is dedicated to ` the struggle of israel ' , all his ideology is aimed at this countries ability to continue its expansion . 
  this includes portraying muslims as terrorists , because this is remarkably helpful when dealing with mostly the muslim palestinians . 
  that 's where wilders anti-islamic ideology is born , not from any concern with the eu or the netherlands . 
  he really has something to fight for and his ideology is in his heart . 
  in that sense i respect him more than the people who bought his ideas about the eu being under some kind of threat from the muslims . 
  these people do n't have a true ideology with true ideals , they are just getting swept up by a really smart game of a truly ideological driven leader . 
  there never has been a real threat from muslims for the eu , never has been , that 's not where the ideology comes from . 
  so i do n't accept these empty words about a certain percentage of muslims living here . 
  and them somehow not understanding our democracy and that they are incapable of living here because of their believes . 
  i do n't accept that empty crap people are buying into . 
  quite on the contrary , all my reading about muslims , their faith and engaging in debates with them has completely eradicated my fears . 
  i now have a healthy respect for muslims and the struggle for this respect is a much more honorable one than the struggle for eradicating islam in europe and hoping that 25 % of the world will just be like `` no problem '' . 
  i do n't see problems with integrating sharia law . 
  i do n't think these islamic parties are here to drag these countries back to the 7th century or something . 
  i mean , biggest worries here comes from feminism . 
  this is a point we can discuss with them and put pressure on . 
  we europeans want equality , even though this equality still does n't exist here on a level that we can boast about . 
  we should be actively engaged in this issue . 
  but should we stop everything there because of our fears ? 
  i mean , we are not stopping america from having capital punishment , or stop them from having massive inequality and all their problems . 
  we happily let them continue go down the drain . 
  but suddenly because ` sharia law ' we need to be opposed to everything in the arab countries . 
  i 'd say that 's a bit of a hypocritical position . 
  yeah , i find this funny . 
  we all had this idea of a true democratic uprising under these dictators . 
  and now it happened and we are all like : `` oh wait , no , no , not like that . 
  you need to do this and need to do that . '', 
  the electoral success of islamist parties is great . 
  now it 's up to them how they are going to figure out how to place islamic values ( sharia law ) into the context of the modern world . 
  we 're hearing a lot of anti-rhetoric . 
  but this is because there is now a real prospect of the islamic countries uniting and forming a union . 
  they already share a language ( arabic ) and islam is the perfect ideology to accomplish this . 
  with 1 billion people , they will have more power than the eu or us because they practically hold the worlds oil supply . 
  and if they apply the islamic banking rules , they will never have the financial problems like we are having . 
  they will flourish , power to them . 
  if all these dictators were n't installed by the west , we probably would have had such a union already . 
  so be careful when you read empty anti-islamic propaganda , because the powers that be ( those who feed of this capitalist system today ) know that [ economic regulations in the muslim world ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_banking ) will never allow for them to get the same foothold there . 
  there is no gambling allowed for instance . 
  i 'm not afraid of all this and i think the people will find solutions for the difficult problems they will face . 
  sure , we will not agree on everything . 
  but i 'm positive about the future for these states . 
  julian assange , through wikileaks had the chance to talk to people involved in his talkshow `` the world tomorrow '' . 
  you might find it interesting . 
  [ interview with marzouki ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=716vebppzgk ) , [ interview about bahrein ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdvoblabspc ) , [ interview with guantanomo survivers ] ( http://youtu.be/s_lqzu9j2pm ) which also talks about this issue and maybe you 'll find [ this interview with hassan nasrallah ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdlxppooa18 ) also interesting . 
  haha , it 's great . 
  was n't wilders the spearhead of the fight for free speech ? 
  and were n't they all full of contempt when the mohammed cartoons caused a stirr ? 
  i would like to believe non-existent . 
  he has proven profoundly difficult to work with . 
  he toppled a functioning ( certainly not favourable or anything close to it ) cabinet , simply because of a populist opinion and without regards for the position of the netherlands in the euro . 
  the party with economic overlaps are the neo-liberals ( vvd ) . 
  other center parties probably prefer socialist compromises over working with wilders . 
  however wilders has shown that his party is willing to compromise on practically every single promise to their constituency , to the point of non-existence , simply to be in a position of power . 
  some parties might take advantage of this to come up with a similar solution as we had ( it is not likely this will happen ) . 
  it was a gamble for him to step into the previous majority , because if this cabinet worked out , he might have continued on this success . 
  quite paradoxically he toppled the cabinet himself . 
  after pulling stunts like opening a website to report polish ` criminals ' , that came here because of the euro zone opening up . 
  a foolish move that did n't sat right by his voters . 
  ( these voters i claim were ignorant to his right-extremism before this . ), 
  most of wilders his votes were because of his populism , mostly the populism that fitted within the socialist egalitarianism mind-set of the dutch . 
  this and his anti-muslim rhetoric . 
  but since muslims are not causing any issues and extremism is essentially non-existent in the netherlands . 
  breivik happening in norway , who saw wilders as a big contributor to his ideals . 
  the arab spring showing muslims as people with the same ideals and dreams about freedom . 
  he simply removed his anti-muslim as a focal point , instead is now using anti-eu rhetoric in much the same way . 
  he starts to become quite transparent , his far-right extremism and fascistic ideals become more and more apparent . 
  he has n't achieved anything , he has n't improved discussion , etc. 
  he has become sort of a non-figure , which we grant some platform because of our politeness and hard to understand tolerance absurdum . 
  so , the probability is low . 
  i 'm actually kind of surprised that he still has this many votes . 
  to my mind worrying . 
  i for instance have to excuse myself here , when i call the pvv a fascist far-right extremism party . 
  even though the title describes what it is , people still treat this as ` my opinion ' . 
  but he is a charismatic leader , who does not have a democratic party , and he excludes a complete part of society ( muslims ) . 
  with many more undeniable facets like nationalism as basis for his anti-eu sentiment .
