  against other cultures , race , heritage , etc. 
   have you ever heard of the soviet -- afghan war ? 
  you mean the war where america gave weapons , money and aid to the ` freedom-fighters ' that we today call al-qaida ? 
  oh yes i heard about that . 
  western policies supporting the growth of wahhabism , the main problem we 're having today . 
  the reason why russia invaded by the way , was because the israel-egypt piece treaty , us military support to saudis , us support to yemen fighters , the afghan pro-russian democratic party of the time was under the attack of the us backed mujahideen . 
  all part of the cold war . 
  afghanistan at the time was called : the communist democratic republic of afghanistan . 
  it was a left , socialist , secular , progressive , democratic country . 
  before the war was a sovereign country in good relation with russia . 
  the problem with those right factions supporting wahhabism is that the spread of that ideology has lead to things like al-qaida and isis . 
  so yes , thanks for mentioning that and thanks for making my point . 
  and let 's be clear here , you seem to be interested in a left versus right debate . 
  but i 'm not , i 'm about ending these disastrous foreign policy decision . 
   only extremely fringe , small , and not taken seriously extreme right parties in eu have an open-anti islamic rhetoric , and they got bigger now because muslims do the bombing . 
  not the europeans , muslims do the bombings in europe . 
  so first of all , the party of le-pen , party of geert wilders , british nationalist party , austria , switzerland , and i do n't know how many i 'm forgetting all have high poll numbers and seats in government . 
  you ca n't exactly call it fringe anymore . 
  secondly , those bombings were done by europeans , born and raised . 
  what you are basically saying is that muslims are n't europeans . 
  which is a far-right bigoted opinion . 
   give me examples of these `` right wing nationalist parties '' coming out and saying `` yeah , we should totally go to war with the middle east , or at least bomb them '' . 
  this again , is not at all what i said . 
  i said that far right policies are related to radical ideas being in the west . 
  all you do is say , your examples of war and bombing are off . 
  even though when you look at american far-right , for example trump , cruz , they are very open about these things ( war and bombing ) . 
  you can say , well that has n't been the case in europe , fine . 
  in europe the anti-muslim far-right has been on the eradication side ( another example i also gave ) , in other words the willingness to remove islam out of society . 
  that 's through ideas like banning the quran for example . 
  these things fuel radical sentiment . 
  hardly debatable . 
   you source the claims of isis , which are a fucking terrorist organization with no grasp of reality . 
  that means , you are either an isis apologist or you do n't understand what an irrelevant source is . 
  it does n't matter that they do n't have a grasp on reality . 
  they have beliefs and they believe that france is leading the fight against isis . 
  that 's their justification for their attacks . 
  i 'm not making up their justification , i 'm not making up their beliefs . 
  that 's the reason to source them directly . 
   i do n't care for facts that you can find on google obviously . 
   corporate management is , weirdly , the only place in which maslow 's pyramid is actively used . 
  the hierarchy remains a very popular framework in sociology research , management training and secondary and higher psychology instruction . 
   the only way i 'd believe you 're 36 is if you are of a practicing muslim or at least of arab or african descend , and thus your heavy bias . 
  could n't end on a less racist note ? 
  i mean , wow . 
  talking about bigoted , i think your bias is also made pretty clear . 
   wow , there 's so much wrong in your post , i could n't get past half of it ... names one example :  the left only concerning with humanitarian issues whilst the right advocating for bombing and war ... what the actual fuck , lol ... you need to read what i actually said , that was that that bombing and war is tied to extreme right , specifically mentioning examples of extreme right , none the less . 
  and the right has been economic libertarianism , small government , free market . 
  for the past two generations . 
  as such simply is n't as involved with foreign aid as the left is . 
  it 's just an observation and if you 're going to maintain that i 'm wrong here , good luck with that . 
  try to actually make a point , instead of just saying that i 'm wrong . 
  thinking in your own brain that you have the answer , while you ca n't get it out of your fingers . 
  you know what you look like ? 
  like a nervously laughing bully-enabler waiting for the bully to come and show who 's boss . 
  no opinion of your own , no way of expressing it . 
   i also wo n't waste my time annoying myself trying to be sensible towards you when i know you 'll just try to cock yourself up . 
  you mean disagreeing with you ? 
  does it annoy you that i disagree ? 
  what a wonderful life you must have . 
   teenage spirit . 
  i 'm 36 years old . 
  let 's put it this way : my opinion is not influenced by hormones but by books and papers . 
   i find it funny how you tried to shoehorn as many references as possible to prove you know things , lol i did n't just try to do that . 
  i actually did that . 
  i actually tried to prove that i know things . 
  because i do and i want you to know that . 
  you are claiming ignorance on my part when you say that i should read more . 
  and when i defend myself you are saying : `` haha , you defended yourself against something i said . '', 
   when the mosque of glasgow openly congratulated the act ... 
  if radical thought was contained in a small area in the middle east there would be no anti-muslim sentiment to the degree that is displayed here in / r/europe . 
  women 's rights , oppression under tyranny and human rights violations in foreign countries are not things that nationalist bigots normally are concerning themselves with . 
  that has historically always been limited to the left . 
  it would be limited to for example humanists and schools of equalitarianism . 
  if radicalism stayed in the middle east , then it 's normally only the left that tries to deal with those problems . 
  through education , anti-poverty measurements , life improvements . 
  because we know that works . 
  the fact that extreme right is involved is directly related to the fact that radical ( islamic ) ideas are found in the west . 
  the reason that these radical ( islamic ) ideas are in the west is directly related to western foreign policies that extreme right wing nationalist parties and anti-muslim sentiment advocates for ( war , bombing , eradication , etc. ), 
   you speak a lot about things you really should research more those are just words . 
  what does `` things '' mean , what does `` research more '' mean . . 
  i go so far as to specifically mention sources . 
  you think i can do that because i lack research ? 
  what a silly thing to say . 
  an obscure rumsfeld report from 2004 is not something that you could consider a lack of research ... the fact that i even know it exists should tell you something about my level of research and interest in the subject . 
  i can one up you even that this report was basically the same report that eisenhower received back in the late '50s when he wanted to know why there was growing anti-western ( this was the cold war so anti-western meant pro-russian at the time ) sentiment in the middle east . 
  after he threw over the egyptian government , filled the power vacuum in the middle east and started the eisenhower doctrine . 
  in which he set the mindset of americas foreign policies for decennia to come : `` he rejected a suggestion from soviet foreign minister dmitri shepilov that the united states , the soviet union , britain , and france jointly negotiate an arab-israeli peace treaty , pledge noninterference in middle east states , curtail arms supply to the region , and evacuate their military bases and abolish security pacts there ; eisenhower reasoned that such a step would undermine western influence in the region and betray those middle east states that had resisted soviet power . '', 
  we 've been actively involved in keeping corrupt regimes in power in the middle at least for over 60 years . 
  to even consider that this is inconsequential , which is what you are implying , than you just purposefully skip over the history of the western policies in the middle east . 
  which is what almost every anti-muslim propagandist has done and is doing . 
  that 's a true lack of research because it is purposefully omitted . 
  that under the regimes backed by the west , there was a lack of what maslow mentioned as basic needs . 
  it is basic psychology that these things cause great problems and hindrance in development towards a fulfilling life . 
  that 's what we have done to millions of people in the middle east . 
  good luck in showing how that is just my lack of research talking . 
  dude this sub has been taken over by anti-muslim sentiment . 
  when you hear sentences like : let 's be honest , muslims do n't want to assimilate . 
  you can read : `` muslims do n't want to get rid of their faith . 
  and my conception of their faith is < insert xenophobe fears  '' what more proof of this do you want ? 
  it 's the top comment .
