  police can only ` pester ' you if you actually break the law . 
  who else is going to uphold it , well you certainly wo n't . 
  besides this is n't america , police here is reasonable and friendly , they hardly ever carry weapons around . 
   they are also extremely dangerous employees of the state , given that they are authorised to use force in some circumstances . 
  this is a straw-man argument . 
  we are talking about penalizing offensive behavior , not about the use of excessive force . 
  it 's hardly an issue in this country . 
   i do n't understand why the police could possibly need this kind of protection . 
  how does this protect them ? 
  it does n't . 
  so i do n't see what point you are making here . 
  this is not about protection . 
  it is about respect for the law . 
  and if you do n't agree with them embodying the law , then i 'll change that to the people who are upholding the law . 
  we need someone taking up this role of police , otherwise we ca n't have a functioning democracy . 
  it 's majority rule , and not a ` do whatever you want ' rule . 
  true freedom is found in the jungle , in a society there are laws to respect . 
  having a thick skin is certainly a requirement for a police officer , you really believe every time someone swears at an officer it gets written down ? 
  there is also a level of respect needed for the police in order for them to do their job , the ability to penalize this appalling behavior is a good thing . 
  it has nothing to do with being upset , it has everything to do with respect for the law , which the police officer embodies . 
  whether you like it or not , the police is also there to say something when you throw away tin cans . 
  drinking alcohol in public is forbidden . 
  littering is forbidden . 
  insulting the police is an offence . 
  the police should say something about this when they are on patrol in the streets , to look out for people hurting other people . 
  i would find it disturbing if they did n't . 
  if kids are on a street corner making a mess and annoying people with insults and threats , you also want the police to fix that for you . 
  focus their energy on that . 
  or when your neighbors are having a fight , you want them to fix that also . 
  police are in general very familiar with the homeless people in their district . 
  they probably have had a good reason to talk to this guy . 
  pm rutte was perfectly clear . 
  it is not the job of politicians to decide on this matter . 
  freedom of opinion is of high value here in the netherlands . 
  the limit of this freedom is decided only by law and it is up to a judge to decide on these matters . 
  he also stated that in no way does the action of one party reflect the sentiment of an entire government . 
  it also has no effect on the policies for migration from those countries at all . 
  pvv ( freedom party ) lost a lot of votes , so it obviously is n't reflecting the opinion of the dutch people . 
  there is obviously a lot of debate going on here . 
  rutte has positioned himself well in this debate . 
  that i ( and the subgroups ) is shared mostly [ throughout europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_i_%28y-dna%29 ) . 
  this page has a nice percentage map , where you can see the dominance . 
  as soon as it drops below dominance ( let 's say 50 % ) , another group becomes dominant : and on [ this page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_r1_%28y-dna%29 ) you can read more about the r group and it 's subgroups . 
  so i1 and i2 came out of i. 
  that 's why your first assumption was more correct ( split in two by an r-group ) and your second definitely incorrect . 
  how and why it exactly split into two : by means of war , migration , trade , natural disasters ... just humans being humans . 
  well , the akp translate to `` justice and development party '' , they do n't call themselves islamic . 
  here in the netherlands , one of the bigger parties is the ` christian democratic appeal ' or cda . 
  it has lead this country for a number of years until 2010 . 
  nobody was complaining about it being a christian party , because it is irrelevant . 
  and that was the point i was trying to make . 
  judge a party by its politics and not by its religious affiliations . 
  well , leading parties here are christian democratic parties . 
  i do n't see why islamic democratic parties should be treated any differently . 
  unless of course you want to buy into the anti-islam propaganda . 
  turkey has been a part of europe since the beginning , it was a part of practically all major agreements . 
  it has been officially agreed upon to let turkey apply for full membership in 2005 . 
  in a process that was projected to take up ten years . 
  they have to negotiate and work pretty hard internally to bring turkey up to european standards . 
  socialism is a western scare tactic and a communistic propaganda method . 
  on american side they can say , look how socialism led to such a dictatorial regime . 
  and in communist countries they can say , it is n't a dictatorship it is socialism , people first , etc. 
  the other way around for capitalism . 
  how it leads to corrupt government where companies take control . 
  and the other side how it leads to individual freedom , american dream etc. 
  in all cases it is used as propaganda and reality is a far cry from the actual definitions . 
  it 's all just words . 
  we are in a position where we can see this . 
  in both cases there is limited power of the people . 
  as soon as the people can exert their powers , societies become more positive towards human rights and all the good stuff . 
  humans are naturally empathic creatures . 
  so the main difference between europe and both america and china is that we have more power here . 
  that 's exactly what this is about and what is being attacked by the candidates . 
  it 's just hidden behind years and years of ` capitalist propaganda ' . 
  democracy works when you are close to the governing power , you have influence with your opinion . 
  the further away the governing power is from hearing your opinion . 
  the more you are giving that power to the media and corporations . 
  you only have to look to america to see how you can go from a republic to a one-party-pseudo-democracy . 
  it is clear that people who seek power want a centralised government and steer towards this , to have minimal democratic interference . 
  what is your personal view on this , as a german , aschebescher ? 
  ( so tempting to put an r in that name . 
  well put . 
  do you think the occupy movements in europe will have an effect on this acknowledgement ? 
  to be honest i have not heard any politician state something even close to what you said . 
  it 's a political blind spot . 
  the thing that struck me about merkel position was that there was already agreements and a pact to keep the stability of the euro . 
  but germany had several instances where it could n't ( or simply did n't ) follow the agreements . 
  then germany blocked the reprimands from the european commission . 
  france did the same . 
  and merkel wants a new agreement ... and she got zarkozy on her side . 
  the option to buy sovereign debt is also not really my favourite , and i can understand the german veto on that . 
  but now it seems it was simply a political choice to get sarkozy in the same boat . 
  germany and france , they have absolutely no credibility when it comes to these kind of stability pacts . 
  i 'm a bit pissed of about it . 
  the netherlands has always been given the example , sticking to agreements . 
  and i feel like we are simply throwing our money and efforts against the wind . 
  i remember our internal struggles about cuts and spending , while in the meantime it seemed france and germany where just doing whatever . 
  i wish i could say i felt good about ` doing the right thing ' , but i rather had we followed german and france examples . 
  iranian response : [ iran-regime-distances-itself-from-uk-embassy-attack ] ( http://english.ahram.org.eg/newscontent/2/8/28459/world/region/iran-regime-distances-itself-from-uk-embassy-attac.aspx ) some insights : [ it was merely an occupy protest ] ( http://www.theatlanticwire.com/global/2011/11/raid-british-embassy-iran-raid-was-merely-occupy-protest/45534/ ) [ uk found ( tries to find ) a scapegoat ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iran/8933482/the-quds-force-man-who-inspired-the-british-embassy-outrage-in-tehran.html ) [ another diplomatic reaction from iran ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/12/03/us-iran-britain-idustre7b11d620111203 ) my take on this . 
  iran is a devided country with some hard-line anti-western sentiment in high places .
