  tell me how that works ? 
  i 'm hard pressed finding examples we have no involvement in . 
  provocative statement , but go ahead , find one where our corporations , banks , politics had no influence . 
  i get that . 
  you 're right . 
  to me that 's all the more reasons we need idealists with a bigger picture on top of the priority list . 
  yeah , because that 's magically going to disappear because we help refugees . 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  when did that ever happen ? 
  never . 
  do n't understand where you get that exorbitant figure from , it 's maybe a third of that . 
  and yes , those are life savings for most people . 
  many also stay behind to pay of debt to their smugglers . 
  most refugees are from : syria , eritrea , kosovo , afghanistan and ukraine and to a lesser extent from iraq , serbia , nigeria and the gambia . 
  so , i hope you have watched the news and see what i mean with warzones and economic poverty . 
  it 's true for all these countries and i also hope you understand our involvement in the situation of these countries . 
  shakespeare used double negatives . 
   europe as we know it stop hanging to the past and deal with the present . 
  we have millions of people in desperate situations , fleeing war-zones that we helped create in a lot of cases , fleeing economic poverty that we have created in all cases . 
  hanging to the past is just continuing pretending that we are alone on the planet . 
  we 're not . 
  we created a lot of shit and when that shit comes to us now , we need to man up . 
  we do n't need no xenophobic backwards unproductive bullshit , it solves absolutely nothing . 
  dutch has a perfect pangram : `` lynx c.q. 
  it translates to : lynx c.q. 
  fox pokes bra , bye swim teacher !, 
  note that it uses the ` wrong ' `` or else '' meaning of c.q. 
  but these are all 26 letters exactly once . 
  / r/groningen exists and you can always ask to set up a meeting , there are always a few out there happy for an excuse to have a beer or something . 
  what you need to know is that groningen is a student city , a bicycle city , it 's safe and friendly . 
  english here is fine , dutch is spoken on the streets or in the shops and gronings ( the language ) you wo n't hear much . 
  except for the greeting ` moi ' . 
  there really is n't much to worry about and you 'll be fine . 
  thanks . 
  what fucking far-right bullshit sub is brigading on here ... get the fuck out . 
  it should be . 
  it should actually give you pause and make you think . 
  because it means that you are pretending that you are no longer dealing with humans , instead you just take the whole of the refugee problem and label that as `` invaded by rapists and thieves '' . 
  if you ca n't realise how sick and fucked up that is , you are too far behind the curve to even be helped . 
  you 're stupid and an idiot . 
  that did n't change anything . 
  you are still using the same reasoning . 
  the refugees here in this reasoning are nothing but scapegoats who suffered for nothing . 
  there is absolutely no reason why refugees should not be put in a comfortable shelter . 
  it has fuck all to do with the policies of the government regarding economy , jobs , social security , etc. 
  these two are totally unrelated . 
  on a european level there are guidelines in place for dealing with refugees , and clearly italy is trying to abide by those guidelines . 
  the refugees are nothing but scapegoats for bad economic situation in italy , which is mostly the root cause for xenophobia . 
  there are no jobs , not the refugees fault . 
  there is bad economy , not the refugees fault . 
  there are villages emptying , not the refugees fault . 
  government gives refugees comfortable shelter , not the refugees fault . 
  there is nothing here under the control of the refugees , but they are the one suffering from these pathetic xenophobic reactions . 
  no it is n't . 
  the fact that you agree that you can destroy refugee shelters because the government is n't responding ` correctly ' to a hard to predict unrelated event . 
  it is the most low life-scummy dumb ass fucked up in the head reasoning . 
  it 's really sick . 
  it 's very , very sick and you should be ashamed of yourself really . 
  your ( the italian ) government is trying to respond correctly and humanely to the refugee problem ... that 's exactly something that they were doing right . 
  this is racist/xenophobic . 
  if you ca n't see that , you 're blind . 
   public support for these actions  but of course these groups will be portrayed as racist eh , yes . 
  what other ideology is going to explain burning peoples shelter down or destroying their shit ? 
  other than totally unsubstantiated xenophobia . 
  the world has refugees . 
  that 's simple reality . 
  we need to deal with that in as humane a possible way we can manage . 
  i do n't count burning peoples shit down as humane , productive , helpful , insightful , caring or anything positive at all . 
  it 's a hundred percent fear and xenophobia , there is no way around it . 
  it 's racism , plain and simple . 
  maybe a good idea to post this on / r/thenetherlands ? 
  they operate from the far side of the moon , this is super secret information , only if you are in the know you know , you know ? 
  love it . 
  huilende rappers ( better known as noisia ) - [ butje ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gixili8j9q0 ) ( the text is all bullshit and there is no message or anything . ), 
  and [ one in my dialect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6pyox_w1e8 ) , it 's not really my thing , but extremely hypnotic . 
  gallup :  irrespective of whether you attend a place of worship or not would you say you are : a. a religious person , b. not a religious person , c. a convinced atheist , d. do not know/no response . 
  trans : how would you define yourself religiously ? 
  katholic , other religious affiliation , no affiliation or atheistic ? 
  ( atheistic and no religion were two different responses ) . 
  so , what is the reason behind the massive difference between the two polls mentioned ? 
  i mean , 2 or 3 % yeah i 'd expect that . 
  but 10 % that 's a lot . 
  the answers to the questions were pretty much the same , i 'd say that the spanish poll was even worded to have a broader interpretation than ` convinced atheist ' ( in spanish the answer was just ` atheistic ' ) . 
  the spanish one also had almost double the sample size ( 1700 vs 1000 ) . 
  title is nice clickbait , but i 'm going with the higher sample size and a broader more inclusive answer . 
  you can find transcripts online . 
  [ here for the lazy . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/09/09/mh17-crash-malaysia-airlines-black-box-recorders_n_5789224.html ), 
  i can see my old home from here !, 
   it 's actually far-left politics who are classically defined as being anti-globalization and anti-eu in europe , historically speaking . 
  totally not my point . 
  i was talking about anti-muslim parties and nationalist bigots supporting aggressive foreign policies . 
  and that this is perpetuating a cycle . 
  not that the extreme left ca n't be violent . 
  of course they can and of course that 's dangerous . 
  you completely missed the point . 
  it was about the support for foreign policies and currently there is no far-left . 
  there is a far-right and there is a far right that is supporting damaging policies . 
   nationalists are n't inherently bigoted . 
  nationalistic sentiment is always in the name of protecting culture , race , heritage , etc.
