  sorry , but this is what a functional democracy looks like . 
  and i 'm sorry but democracies are not perfect . 
  what has happened in democracies a lot , is that parties use a wide platform in the elections , but are using their voting powers to engage in unpopular ( during the elections only secondary , unimportant ) parts of their platform , while almost ignoring the popular part of their platform . 
  so for example , immigration , big problem , bla bla , steal our jobs , etc. 
  or poor people need more jobs ... you know the deal . 
  but then they turn around and remove themselves from europe , impose strict economic right free market policies , enrich themselves , etc. 
  of course the obvious example is now trump . 
  so no , we need to hold the people who are in power accountable , always , all the time . 
  we do that through protest . 
  it is the only way we have any influence after voting . 
  politicians lie , politicians can be bought , politicians can have secondary motives , make mistakes , etc. 
  so , it should worry you a lot that the amount of protests have gone up . 
  it means a lot of politicians are fucking shit up . 
  read the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capitalism * capitalism is an economic system that is based on private ownership of the means of production and the creation of goods or services for profit . 
  other elements central to capitalism include competitive markets , wage labor and capital accumulation . 
  there are multiple variants of capitalism , including laissez-faire , welfare capitalism and state capitalism . 
  * what you and the other guy is saying that state-capitalism , welfare capitalism and keeping competitive markets ( by regulation and subsidies ) is n't capitalism somehow . 
  market regulation and subsidies are not outside of capitalism by default . 
  you are thinking in a free market utopian system probably ... something that does n't exist on this planet . 
  those subsidies are there to keep it profitable . 
  and the quotas are redundant , since we need to destroy things to ... keep it profitable . 
  actually , it is capitalism . 
  capitalism at work . 
  i 'm still not optimistic about the `` solution '' . 
  besides that , i think you are right in this leading to problems further down the line . 
  let 's say twenty years from now . 
  but i claim ignorance , i have n't heard or let 's say i have n't paid attention , to the government relocating that responsibility . 
  it 's a weird thing , not very social democratic ... 
  maybe you are right and it 's easy to talk all the way from my throne here in groningen . 
  i 'm not from the randstad and ` de beste stuurlui staan aan wal ' . 
  i 'll try and read up on the situation and see if that changes my opinion . 
  i do n't sympathise too much with rotterdam , they voted for their ` leefbaar ' neo-liberalist parties . 
  and they get exactly the neo-liberalist solutions they voted for as it is the majority in the government of rotterdam . 
  and this ` solution ' is not a solution at all , as is obvious , it does n't actually solve the problem and is nothing more than degrading because the jobs these people are doing are n't actually available . 
  they 're not doing real jobs , they are just fulfilling a liberal dream put into law . 
  it 's an example of what will happen to the entire country if these people get into power in dutch government . 
  i guarantee you that it had nothing to do with budget cuts , the budget cuts are an excuse to put ideals into practise . 
  as it wo n't actually do anything but shift the burden to other cities in the country . 
  i do share your concerns about crime and other social upheaval from rising costs of living . 
  and i also see the lack of coherency in this country . 
  http://www.nu.nl/tk2012.html but liberalists are a still a majority over the left . 
  so expect more of these `` solutions '' for the next couple of years to drag us along through the mess for a while longer . 
  the mayor sits with his hands in his hairs . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i sincerely hope that they will be able to show that this type of ` open schooling ' is more beneficial than the classic system . 
  so that we can develop these models even further throughout europe . 
  i think anti islamic sentiment has to be seen from a wider perspective . 
  the post 911 wars needed such rhetoric . 
  the israel-palestine conflict is also fuel on this anti-islam fire . 
  the focus on iranian nuclear projects is also in need of such rhetoric . 
  there is much profit in those wars and there is consequently political pressure to push for this anti-rhetoric . 
  which in all cases have little to no bearing on national security or social economic problems . 
  but everything to do with creating public support for middle eastern intervention . 
  * conscience is but a word that cowards use , devis 'd at first to keep the strong in awe ; our strong arms be our conscience , swords our law . 
  * that was king richard by shakespeare . 
  and you reminded me of that . 
  but okay , can we agree to disagree ? 
  `` human nature is the disease . '', 
  so , you are corrupt and a criminal . 
  okay . 
  well , i do n't believe that . 
  than you 'll end up in jail in a world that is transparent and has free choice . 
  humans are social emphatic beings who have designed their society for sociopaths . 
  the same sociopaths who keep you repeating : `` human nature is the disease '' and start wars , sell drugs , and rob you from all your money turning it a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  with people believing that they are powerless to do anything , even though they look in the mirror and see a person who loves , helps and cares for the people around them . 
  human nature is rich , wonderful and diverse . 
  the problem is not human nature , it is believing that it is . 
  you can fix that right now . 
  the cash flow within corruption is a symptom . 
  because what is actually going on : trading in drugs and weapons . 
  drugs is number one supplier of money for organized crime . 
  white collar corruption is always , without exception , hidden behind a veil of secrecy . 
  tracking the money is not a solution , these records can not be made public because of privacy laws . 
  this creates a veil of secrecy , there is no public oversight and is basically a red carpet for corruption to take over . 
  as always , the solution is not in preventive surveillance . 
  it has never been and it will never be . 
  it is simply transferring the power over from one group to another who hide behind a different veil of secrecy . 
  it remains out of the peoples control . 
  in a public society ( such as a democracy ) , personal freedom of choice ( including drugs ) and transparency are exactly solving the problems you speak about . 
  money tracking is nothing more than symptom fighting . 
  well , give an example of this analysis ? 
  i do n't share your concerns . 
  the only tracking i fully endorse is of non-persons , like governments and corporations . 
  these records should even be completely public , for the benefit of the people . 
  but personal choice and private details should remain free from oppression and data gathering without consent . 
  these are basic human rights . 
  as american , in the land of the free , i expected you to cheer and chant `` usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa ! '', 
  when i point out our freedoms . 
  this is one of the biggest concerns around a cash-less society . 
  the fact that all transactions are traceable and stored . 
  this gives a lot of power to people , as became clear after all transactions to wikileaks were halted . 
  we are allowed to pay out of goodwill by banks and other organisation , not because we have the rights to . 
  we will not get those rights by moving towards a cash-less society without addressing these problems . 
  i want my money to move freely and anonymously as a right . 
  the main point that i have n't heard here is that this proposal by the israeli , goes against the sovereignty of germany . 
  haha , i loved it when you said : `` it 's all so much crazier '' relax , i can say that europeans are generally pretty realistic and do n't have their head in the clouds . 
  walking through amsterdam , paris , barcelona , prague , milan , etc. 
  it 's all different , but it 's all different in the same way .
