  here , have all my euros !, 
  it 's not that black and white when it comes to respect . 
  there are somethings like respect for law . 
  did ` law ' earned that ? 
  you see , it 's not that easy . 
  of course penalizing can be used as tool for intimidation . 
  but it 's not intimidation in and of itself , because you also need threats to make it intimidation . 
  when it comes to the fear you have for an officers holstered gun , then it can be threatening , but not because the officer intimidated you . 
  besides that you also posses methods of intimidation , by default every human has this ability to intimidate . 
  every person out there can potentially hurt you , but you wo n't say that everybody is commanding respect . 
  respect is given as much as it is earned . 
  on an individual basis it 's mostly earned . 
  but on authority it is given , like you respect the elderly , the police , the law , etc. 
  which is not by definition done through intimidation . 
  i 'm not entirely sure what to make of your post . 
  the authority of a single man is not holy or permanent , no . 
  not for one single officer . 
  but for the whole police force , yes there is permanent authority . 
  holy might go a little bit to far , there is a world of difference between respect and worship . 
  same thing other way around . 
  who is to decide when it is wielded wisely ? 
  that is a job for the society as a whole , through the channels that we have available for us to do so ( political and judicial systems ) . 
  one random person on the street can not and should not be able to decide on when an officer over-reaches his responsibility . 
  there are of course officers who have difficulty with knowing where the line is , but there are also people who have the same difficulty . 
  at least our officers get trained to know these things . 
  we , in the netherlands , do n't have a police force that is excessive in its behavior . 
  we are not americanized in that aspect . 
  not to say there are no incidents . 
  you focus on individuality , i see it more as whole systems . 
  i personally would want to swear when i decide someone is an over-reaching officer . 
  but you speak about abolishing this law and things then work for an entire society , not only for you and your friends . 
  but also for prisoners , criminals , problem-youth , tokkies , etc. 
  everybody is equal in front of the law . 
  so that 's where i think the differences between us are mostly , you take the more individual approach , i the whole system approach . 
  is that a fair assessment ? 
  well written . 
  before i end this nice discussion . 
  i would like to point to another part of free speech that is punishable by law , which is racism . 
  i think holocaust denial too , in a few european countries at least . 
  there are ( and there should be ) restrictions on free speech . 
  i framed my argument because respect is actions based on deference . 
  which is accepting the authority that the police has over you . 
  if you do n't accept that authority and you show that by insult , you are in essence going against the grain of democracy . 
  question is if that should be fined . 
  i say yes . 
  because such action is penalized in our society . 
  you say it is added protection . 
  i say it 's the same as driving through a red light . 
  well , that 's crude . 
  but in essence , you should respect the authority of a red light . 
  if you do n't you get fined . 
  same goes for an officer ; you respect the authority of an officer , if you do n't you get fined . 
  my argument has nothing to do with protection . 
  it 's about respect and it 's about living in a democracy . 
  if this was about protection i would argue for tanks and machine guns ? 
  i really do n't think you and i are going to have a difference in opinion why that would totally not be suited for the police . 
  additional protection is n't necessary . 
  and i do n't see this insult law as added protection . 
  so if you can enlighten us on that , please . 
  how is this law ` additional protection ' ? 
  and i let you have the final remarks . 
  alright man , thanks for bringing your ideas forward . 
  i appreciate that , good conversation . 
  certainly something to think about . 
  i do n't fully agree . 
  but well , what is left to say ? 
  i think your post is some nice last words on this issue . 
  i wish you a wonderful day . 
   both are infantile . 
  right , so if i call you a kankerhomo , that would make you infantile . 
  have n't thought this one through ? 
  or am i missing something here ? 
   the fact that some drunk idiot is swearing at a cop is entirely uninteresting ; i would agree , if it was n't for the fact that you are talking about that law . 
  in effect for the ability for everyone to just swear at cops without any consequence . 
   i do n't see why the universe has decreed that it must not be done . 
  we do n't let the sun dictate our moralities . 
  and nothing is actually stopping you , just like nothing is stopping you from driving 150km/h on the freeway . 
  society did in fact decreed that it must not be done , same society that you live in . 
  you get fined or jailed when you get caught breaking societies laws . 
  you get fined for insulting the only people who we have given the power to enforce that law . 
  i 'm sorry dude , but i still have n't read a good reason why this insult law should be abolished . 
  you do n't swear at the police when they help you , you swear at them because you broke the law and you got caught doing it . 
  it was something small and you did n't think of it as important , it probably was n't . 
  but that 's simply the way it works , we ca n't have a functioning society if everybody does ` something small ' . 
  because what is small * is * arbitrary . 
  we all know where the line is and what the consequences are when you cross it . 
  then start insulting the officer who fined you for it because you get caught ... 
  it was completely and utterly your decision and your responsibility breaking the law . 
  whining about it is weak and insulting the officer is infantile . 
  just shows you have absolutely no respect for the laws of the society you live in . 
   few things more quickly erode my respect for the police than having them behave like cry-baby children who ca n't take an insult . 
   exactly . 
  this is why police should not have their respect undermined by stupid laws like this , that only serve to infantilize them . 
  who is a cry baby child when you start insulting a police officer ? 
  who is infantile , the person who starts swearing or the person who gets it ? 
  you do n't swear at people who have authority over you , who are sworn to protect you and who are sworn to uphold the law . 
  it 's that simple . 
  your eroded respect notwithstanding . 
   honestly , i can see a very cheap way of making the streets and city life more pleasant for everyone - which is to simply fire all policeman that are to patrol the streets . 
  i 'm sorry that you ca n't do whatever you want and that there are laws to abide by to keep things pleasant for everybody .
