the media hype over a few criminals is leading to mob-justice . 
  punishing people before they act , in other words for thoughtcrimes . 
  i 'm not particularly happy about this course of action . 
  everybody who says this is a good idea should reconsider . 
  if the state has been given the power to freeze bank accounts and take your passport for a crime you have not yet committed , but merely stated affinity with an ideology ... 
  i find that the state goes too far and misuses its powers . 
  you should be punished when you break the law . 
  nobody has broken any law outside of people talking about using their own free will . 
  as human being i have the right to do that , as a human being everybody has the right to use their own free will . 
  as long as your actions stay within the confines of the law you must be able to say and think what you want . 
  it 's funny that exactly the person who pretends to be the biggest defender of free speech ( far right mr. wilders ) has been calling exactly for these measures . 
  punishing people for thoughtcrimes . 
  this is not a good development . 
  maybe not necessary to stop in amsterdam ? 
  utrecht is the central hub for practically all train traffic . 
  not too much is known of the period before the romans arrived . 
  archeological finds are uncommon and there is almost no texts from the period . 
  we have only a vague picture of our bronze and iron age . 
  we know that it was practically one big swamp with hunter gatherer culture for a long time . 
  the netherlands was a delta ( still is actually ) , with a lot of wildlife . 
  a dangerous but plentiful place to live . 
  kelts and germanic tribes shaped much of the early iron age , settlements were started . 
  ground was started to be cultivated for grazing and the settlements grew into small fortresses ( strongholds ) around temples and marketplaces . 
  things were already beginning to resemble some kind of feudal-ish system when the romans arrived in about 50 bc . 
  the arrival of the romans means the start of written history for the netherlands , which still did n't exist as such back then ( and not for at least another 1600 years until the republic of the seven united low countries was formed ) . 
  the romans talked about the wars here in books that ceasar himself wrote . 
  currently the netherlands is divided by the rhine , and that was also the border of the roman empire . 
  above the rhine lived the frisians and the chauks , the latter were helping the romans ( at least at first ) and there were a lot of wars above the rhine . 
  but eventually the roman empire ended at the rhine ( at about 50 ad . ), 
  the people who lived under the rhine were massacred by the romans , they were the eburones and they were eventually slaughtered . 
  the eburones won a few major battles where rome lost whole legions . 
  ( interesting fact , we know of only about 50 legions in existence . 
  they existed out of 5 to 6 thousands troops each . 
  the eburones destroyed almost 2 of those legions . ), 
  rome was not pleased and declared all ebu as outlaw , and they spend a whole year ( warseason ) just getting rid of eburones . 
  and so the current region we know as the netherlands in the year 0 was pretty much split in half , with the top for the frisian ( who were still fighting for it at that time ) and the bottom was part of the roman empire . 
  edit for readabilities . 
  ouch . 
  germany netherlands finals ... fuck yes . 
  it 's going to happen !, 
  i understand that you say that about people . 
  i just do n't understand it when you talk about politicians . 
  for example , are n't we supposed to vote for whatever is said in the campaigns and debates leading up to election ? 
  of course actions speak louder than words and all that . 
  but politicians are mostly debating and talking about whatever they want to be put in law or executed by the government . 
  so what they say is of great importance because of the implications their words have if they get what they want . 
  i do n't mean , no you do n't have to judge them on their actions . 
  because of course yes you need to judge them on their actions . 
  it 's not or/or it 's and/and . 
  you also can and should judge politicians on whatever comes out of their throat . 
  why ? 
  is n't that the only way to categorize them ? 
  i 'm only happy about them not having the power to do what they are actually saying , which is some pretty messed up shit . 
  like [ sending in the army ] ( http://www.elsevier.nl/nederland/nieuws/2008/9/pvv-leger-inzetten-tegen-straatterreur-gouda-elsevier203372w/ ) to deal with troublemakers . 
  removing moroccans and [ handing out kneeshots ] ( http://nieuws.marokko.nl/13079/pvv-met-scherp-schieten-op-relschoppers/ ) in people who protest/riot . 
  [ just ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ayw_h9guvzq ) listen [ to his crap ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81uru465lle ) . 
  and some of the shit his minions [ are saying ] ( http://www.verwilderd.nl/2012/01/13/uitgekotst-turks-varken/ ) . 
  be happy that we are going to have to categorize them by what they are saying and not by what they are doing . 
  i quote : `` do we want more or less moroccans ? '', 
  i do n't know how much more obvious people want it to be . 
  i think people expect him to invent a salute , organize rallys and have a special flag rooted in historical . . [ oh wait ] ( http://www.nrc.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/prinsenvlag.foto_.jpg ) . 
  it 's not ` some kind ' it 's flat out national socialism . 
  edit : and here is [ a nice list ] ( http://www.krapuul.nl/overig/blog/11815/de-pvv-scoort-85-op-de-wikipedia-lijst-van-fascisme-kenmerken/ ) comparing pvv with fascism ( dutch ) . 
  i literally lost some iq points watching this . 
  everybody here knows what it means , this flag was the chosen symbol of the dutch movement that supported the nazis . 
  i does n't matter what rich history the symbol has , it has been forever polluted exactly like the swastika . 
  it is exactly the same as when a german party would start wearing swastika pins and then belittle the implications by saying that it was about the message of goodness of hindu-culture . 
  we have ` nationalsozialismus ' in our government , sorry , but this is simply the truth . 
  do you know of a less openly racist country than israel ? 
  israel 's policies are based around keeping the country ` pure ' . 
  this is the english from somebody her age . 
  not meant to be disrespectful . 
  but there has been a lot less practice in speaking english or in having proper pronunciation . 
  the main focus of english classes 20 + years ago was to be able to understand and write from a business perspective . 
  now we have computers , the internet and talking in english has become part of our social lives . 
  we get a lot more practice from a younger age . 
  still , some pronunciation differences remain difficult for dutch speakers and there is still an accent , just less thick and with less mistakes . 
  like for example in `` resilience '' and `` burglary '' that she makes . 
   but again patriarchy is simply normality . 
  so was slavery . 
   it 's not some kind of `` social construct '' . 
  look , i ca n't argue against denialism . 
  it does n't matter where in history the social construct came from or when it was dominant , that 's not relevant to patriarchy actually being a social construct . 
   we define homo/hetero based on gender only . 
  this is a fairly confusing social construct . 
  i actually agree with that . 
   ancient greece had more like a dominant/submissive slice and dice , for example it was ok for a mature , citizen man to penetrate anyone , but not to be penetrated himself . 
  and that actually had a biological basis , it is not normal for high testosterone people to be submissive . 
  testosterone has nothing to do with patriarchy or homosexuality . 
  the fact that testosterone [ leads to dominance , agression and anti-social behavior ] ( http://cogprints.org/663/1/bbs_mazur.html ) . 
  does n't mean that when that behavior is considered better by a society , over things like : wisdom , kindness , leadership , creativity ... it does n't mean then that testosterone is the cause for that societal choice . 
   in the modern world the whole definition itself is socially constructed and has no basis really . 
  homophobia is a pretty clearly defined word . 
   this makes the whole thing complicated [ ... ] it is difficult to translate to the intellectual language because the modern intellectuals have this kind of wrong definition of things . 
  sounds like excuses and an attempt at a semantic cop-out . 
   so how do we explain stuff like this ? 
  it 's an obvious appeal to patriarchy . 
   homophobia is simply a liberal term for a kind of heretical thinking , it is disregard of the freedom of adult human beings . 
  claiming that to be liberal and labeling it as such does n't make it wrong to be pro-homosexuality . 
   it was based on history and biology .
