  there are simply no statistics and numbers to back up your claim . 
  it is the cold hard reality . 
  people are not enticed by money or material gain to leave everything behind and immigrate . 
  material wealth is not enticing . 
  it does play a role once the decision is made , but is not the reason why the decision is made . 
  yes , they were long gone . 
  still , italy 'cause d' the annexation of eritrea , and subsequently they got their ` liberation leader ' . 
  but here 's the question tho : should we now walk away from the major/minor influence we had on the situation ? 
  and beyond that , even if we say that our influence is minor . 
  what do we do ? 
  ( i say ` we ' as italy is now part of the eu . ), 
   soon this will ** entice ** 100 million more people to arrive to europe [ emph . 
  mine ] this has never happened and will never happen . 
  there is no basis to assume this at all . 
  this is what xenophobia looks like , talks like and want you to believe . 
  it 's 100 % false . 
  people move out of their country because of problems there in practically all cases . 
  i have no troubles . 
  i base what i say on the numbers in my own country [ here ] ( http://www.cbs.nl/nr/rdonlyres/e6878ed8-0347-4ed0-8a8d-360ab79022b2/0/jaarrapportintegratie2014pub.pdf ) . 
  as well as other publications from cbs . 
  there are clear trends and i know this is true for other western european countries as well . 
  as i said , you can just google the statistics ... 
  the european report on immigration is another source you might need to read . 
  would have linked it if it did n't force me to post the whole link . 
  `` well-managed migration can contribute to boosting the economy , gaining access to needed skills and addressing labour market shortages . '', 
  to reflect the sentiment of that report . 
  there is not one person with a brain who would ever even consider seeing immigration as a net drain . 
  ... what a fucking joke . 
  sure . 
  i realize i 'm an idealist and a utopian . 
  there are however so many people coming from such different countries . 
  it 's not one ` volk ' . 
  that we 're talking about a massive amount of people , absolutely . 
  is this a problem , yes of course . 
  but 1 million people is still nothing when put next to the 700 million that live here . 
  let 's not pretend this is an existential threat , that is exactly the stupid xenophobic/far right fearmongering that i 'm against . 
  if europe divides the problem equally , the problem is very much solvable . 
   you can take in as many as you want ... but it has to come from both sides . 
  they need to integrate . 
  they need to make an effort . 
  hence why i find it important that people are not forced to live somewhere they do n't want to . 
  it is also why it is important that you give people the opportunity to do so , financially or through other means of support . 
   i dare you to find yourself a nice niqab wearing girl and ask her for a date a couple of times . 
  you go ahead and see how that turns out . 
  but in the mean time , our women have to take `` their '' crap . 
  i dare you to go to any african country with a couple of you local villagers , make it an even 1000 , without money and demand what they demand and see what you get . 
  you go ahead and demand your human rights . 
  you 'll probably get them because you are white ( i asume ) , and they will asume you 're rich . 
  this is just regurgitation of prejudice . 
  you start off with a fair point that people need to have the means and will to integrate . 
  which you 'll get by choice and support . 
  then you go off on this xenophobic tangent , it 's undermining your views . 
  there are many great african countries that are very happy to take you in . 
  there is however not the financial and social support that we have here . 
  newsflash : we are fucking rich . 
   the immigrants who are already here , have made little to no effort and are ruining it for the ones who now need it most . 
  oh yeah we 're totally ruined and drowning in the terrible effects of immigration . 
  we 're not actually . 
  the most problems we have come from our problems in the financial system that we 're not solving , austerity measures and the likes . 
  and even though in most cases crime rates among second generation immigrants is often relatively high , it really is n't anywhere close to even allow you to think in terms that are all inclusive , and speaking about all immigrants that are already here . 
  the vast majority goes to school , gets a job and lives their life as a normal person , they pay their taxes , etc. 
  stop the fear mongering nonsense . 
  you can just google this for your country . 
  the cycle of immigration , mass immigration , and what it means for second and third generation immigrants is public knowledge . 
  ethiopia and italy were in conflict and that resulted in the independence of eritrea . 
  it was an italian colony and italy attacked ethiopia from there . 
  i understand that they ca n't . 
  however , in a perfect world they should be able to . 
  i totally do n't see how you can defend this as being morally correct . 
  you 're just being immoral . 
  obviously you 're denying people 's autonomy , happiness , etc. 
  there is no discussion here . 
  and legal is n't moral , these two things have nothing to do with each other . 
  you also did n't answer the question of how the people who 's choice it is to go to a specific country is going to hurt that country . 
  oh and i get that it hurts financially in the short term , but it 's pretty obvious that these people want to participate in the society of their choice , so long term prospects are very much positive . 
  you 're just being xenophobic , for real . 
  it has a lot of problems since their independence . 
  this is from wikileaks : '' young eritreans are fleeing their country in droves , the economy appears to be in a death spiral , eritrea 's prisons are overflowing , and the country 's unhinged dictator remains cruel and defiant . '', 
  but it 's a similar story to most dictators that came to rule after western occupation . 
  it happens when the ruling class takes over the standard of living of the western occupiers , without the ability to pay for it . 
  these countries are often run on corruption and bribery . 
  think mugabe in zimbabwe for example . 
  liberation leaders that became oppressors , it happened a lot . 
  so , we 're very much involved here , we were the ones that spawned the ` liberation leaders ' . 
   which it is n't , because there are multiple legs to the journey that each cost thousands everybody can just google this question . 
   someone in the countries you mention would be able to set up a life in a neighbouring safe country most refugees do . 
  save countries next to or close to these zones are being overwhelmed as well . 
  obviously ( western ) europe is a destination that is more secure and richer , we mostly get refugees that either had jobs , are educated and were able to save up money . 
  this is n't rocket science . 
   how is a migrant that is camped out at calais trying to enter the uk every night fleeing war and economic poverty in france ? 
  many reasons . 
  they speak english not french . 
  they already have family/acquaintances or contacts in the uk . 
  they ca n't get asylum in france . 
  the french asylum accommodation limits are less favorable to working age single men . 
  the people already went through a massive journey , calais is not really a big hurdle then . 
  for some maybe , but those will end up in germany , netherlands , sweden , etc. 
  are you implying here that these people are not allowed to make choices to which country they want to flee to , or apply for asylum ? 
  i dont ' see the problem here , if you have people that are willing to go through the extra effort of getting into the uk . 
  how are they going to be a threat to the country they apparently desperately want to go to ?
