  given this economic choice , people will choose the car because it allows more freedom . 
  and it is much quicker in all cases . 
  i 've lived in amsterdam and worked in utrecht , commuted daily . 
  the cost by public transport would be around 18 $ a day . 
  the cost by car around 16 $ ( inlcuding all taxes , etc. ), 
  that 's how expensive our public transport is . 
  if you wonder why everybody drives a car , that 's why . 
  there is hardly an alternative , only when you live and work close to the station . 
  paying extra just because you happen to live within the bounds of a city ... that 's not a realistic solution . 
  a realistic solution is lowering the cost of public transport , but since it is privatised ( thank you neo-liberals ) we do n't have that power anymore . 
  womens rights in israel is of a growing concern . 
  the israelis have pretty serious problems with the ultra-orthodox religious fanatics ( haredim ) . 
  and since there is only one jewish state these problems will probably last for a while , because the haredim see themselves as the most jewish of all the jews ... of course . 
  but they are the biggest source for all this news and stuff , and it 's easy pickings because most haredim are [ completely crazy by any western standard ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgjg1lhppzw ) . 
  i bow for my king . 
  the exact reason for the recall is because the company that put horse meat into cow products and sold them as pure beef , could not show from their administration where their meat came from . 
  as such , their products are deemed unsafe for human and/or animal consumption . 
  [ here 's a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dxnqosj9uvo ) claiming ignorance is his only defense . 
  nobody is going to belief that , i certainly wo n't . 
  i 'm personally more inclined to think along the lines of the tendency for measuring a male 's success by his financial competence and material gains as a factor in the corruption figures . 
  at least for the explanation of why this issue seems gendered . 
  perhaps that enabling women to have more freedom socioeconomically , relieves men of this pressure that the old patriarchal male role model put on them . 
  i have to admit that this is also pure speculation from my part . 
  and maybe you 're right about solving the deeper underlying causes of corruption leading towards more equality . 
  although i have no clue about what those causes might be other than this old patriarchal model which , i have to admit , feels a bit superficial . 
  it 's an interesting correlation . 
  any ideas on what these factors might be specifically ? 
  like i said , the cbs has always been straightforward about this issue . 
  that over time all the immigration issues get resolved ( education , crime , employment . ), 
  and they have been open about it . 
  i strongly suggest you reconsider . 
  but fine . 
  people are n't attracted into a mass exodus . 
  these things happen only in times of great upheaval . 
  such as we are in right now !, 
  this current influx is the result of upheaval , not of our capability to provide security here . 
  do you realize what needs to happen to get 100 million people to move away from their family , their language and culture , their land ? 
  if this did n't happen even during all the atrocities and intensity of the second world war , it 's never going to happen . 
  it would mean there would be no security anywhere . 
  do you realize how massively unrealistic your scenario is ? 
  there is no such thing as too much . 
  that 's only a problem if you believe that immigrants damage your identity or destroy culture , or you know any of that kind of nonsense . 
  2000 percent of the eu population means 15 billion people , i assume you meant 200 % . 
  1,5 billion ... yeh , we might not be able to support them in any meaningful way in that hypothetical situation . 
  but if that 's going to happen , there is no way we are going to stop that , so ... 
  it 's a ridiculous scenario . 
  what is the point of entertaining it ? 
  no , it is a summary . 
  that 's what it says right above it in the title . 
  and if you read within , every separately discussed nationality ends with saying how a second generation is doing better than the first . 
  it actually is talking about the reality of the situation . 
  cbs has always been pretty straightforward about this subject , as straightforward as making you think they described the goal . 
  but no , it is what it is . 
  yeh if . 
  and if , in your world , means attracted by material gain . 
  that ` if ' does n't exist . 
  that means that your argument does n't exist . 
  it 's just a nice hypothetical . 
  having a 15 % immigrant population , is that going to destroy europe as we know it ? 
  i highly doubt even that . 
  are you serious ? 
  the report is opening with that statement . 
  that translates pretty much exactly into long term prospects being positive . 
  and that 's pretty much the end of our discussion , thanks . 
  fearmongering . 
  show me a political party that puts the things you say on their agenda . 
  there is n't one . 
  the ideas you pretend are prevalent among all these immigrants simply have no political or social status at all . 
  if a few people with these backwards ideas can destroy the country , we would have fucked ourselves ten times over . 
  there is no reason whatsoever to believe this is going to change other than you trying to monger . 
  whatever man ... 
  i 'm not here to promote unmanaged immigration . 
  i 'm pretty clear on giving people the means to immigrate , financially or through other means of support . 
  so , yes , managed . 
  i 'm also not a fan of immigrant neighbourhoods , there are certainly things that i think can be managed better . 
  unemployment is a result of our job-market and economy and not a direct result of immigration . 
  even though immigration does put some strain on the job market , it is minor . 
  and the fact that surinamese do n't get jobs could have origin in some racial stereotype residu of surinamese being lazy . 
  not sure about that . 
  the crime statistics is not just correlating with ethnicity , it is also correlating with socio-economic status . 
  second generation immigrants often find themselves growing up in a home that their parents could barely afford and they find themselves in poor neighborhoods with others in the same situation . 
  a problem that can persist until 3rd or 4th generation , yes . 
  the economic climate is n't exactly favorable for all the immigrants coming in . 
  there are n't many jobs . 
  but it 's wrong to think that this is something that we a. ca n't really afford . 
  b. puts so much strain on the job market that it ca n't recover c. changes existing dynamics in crime numbers . 
  there is no basis to conclude any of these prejudices , so what exactly is it that we are afraid of ? 
  it 's just xenophobia , that 's all we 're left with . 
  that we 're going to ` lose our identity ' and more of that far right neo-nazi talk . 
  meaningless bullshit based on fear and not on the numbers or facts . 
  there sure are management problems , i agree with you there . 
  there is just a lot of far-right bullshit going on in this thread . 
  you were rather specifically talking in far right terms on how the immigrants came here because they get free welfare . 
  that 's wrong . 
  you are still making it sound as if material gain is the main reason people make choices . 
  it is blatantly and obviously false , do you have no introspection ? 
  i enjoyed it . 
  it 's always a great eye-opener figuring out how much influence we had , and still have in the world . 
  washing our hands in innocence is not something we should do , there is a lot of blood on them . 
  you 're the naive one here .
