  no idea of the social aspects of swedish life though . 
  thanks for elaborating . 
  at work right now so i will google this when i 'm home . 
  sounds also like a problem of the state being incapable of enforcing it 's own laws . 
  can anyone from sweden confirm this ? 
  never knew this and this would be fucked up beyond imagination if true ... 
  the core foundation of islam and the quran is that it is flawless and so holy the text ca n't be changed . 
  so no that wo n't happen . 
  another problem with islam is that here is no real leader with authority like the pope . 
  if there was an islamic pope that person could change interpretations and the texts which could form a more moderate islamic society . 
  right now muslims tend to interpret the quran as to how it matches their political views . 
  he does n't have a source because it 's bullshit . 
  i live in nrw which is the most western state and we took in more refugees than all of france . 
  do n't worry he does n't bite . 
  he just wants to play . 
  mfw being ethnic german and circumsized . 
  seriously though this is good news . 
  the wave is a powerful movie . 
  bnd is spying on the whole american nation including civilians ? 
  please source that up . 
  whataboutism again . 
  who would 've thought . 
  i live in the most western place in germany . 
  you can reach france , belgium and the netherlands within half an hour . 
  i see more belgian trucks here than i see dutch or german ones . 
  french ones are almost non-existing . 
  really ? 
  never met a single german that had nothing to complain about . 
  there are plenty of flaws . 
  but there are is lots of good stuff . 
  usually germans have something to critisize especially when it comes to politics . 
  phillip morris sued more than just australia . 
  and not just concerning some logo . 
  i guess i worded that wrongly ( my english is n't on point all the time ) . 
  isds rulings are n't above the law as in they can change laws or can overrule them . 
  what i meant is that governments can be ` attacked ' by companies for laws they apply . 
  that alone is a constraint of national sovereignity if you ask me . 
  because if governments have to think about what company might sue them because of a law , they are already influenced . 
  they should n't need to have this in the back of their heads while ruling national laws . 
  hardly bogus if you ask me . 
  and you say i should n't read about ttip online . 
  well the official documents are available online and that 's where i got most of my information . 
  i prefer reading official documents over opinions online . 
  i even read up on the links jeff spread here ( aside from the official ones he cherrypicks sometimes ) and well what can i say ? 
  did n't convince me that ttip is something the general population will benefit of . 
  the point is that you ca n't contest isds ruling . 
  like you can for any other court decision . 
  that alone is bullshit and gives companies way too much power . 
  also there are no judges in isds to begin with . 
  he knows what he 's talking about when it comes to isds yeah . 
  but he is clearly not unbiased ( even though he claims he is ) and surely he is aware that isds can be used in a very ugly manner . 
  for example like tobacco companies sueing countries that apply stricter smoking laws . 
  other problems i see with ttip in general are the following : - constraint of national sovereignity - so called `` treaty shopping '' - lack of transparency - the fact that countries can be sued ( hopefully the correct word ) for applying laws . 
  because this will influence lawmakers . 
  of course ttip has it 's positive effects aswell . 
  but it 's not worth it to give companies even more power than they already have . 
  lobby power is already too high . 
   i would highly suggest you listen to jeff , he knows what he is talking about no thanks i actually researched ttip and isds myself and actually formed my own opinion . 
  and i suggest anyone should do the same . 
  if you come to the conclusion afterwards that ttip is the right thing then that 's your opinion and i respect it . 
  what i do n't respect is someone who actively tries to downplay the downsides of said treaty in order to convince people this is n't something to worry about at all . 
  literally what he replied with to me though . 
  to quote him directly ( looked for his reply in my history ) : `` first , isds ca n't overrule laws . 
  second , isds is n't anywhere near as bad as most people think it is . '', 
  also isds are above the nations law so his first point is totally useless . 
  you wo n't find him here . 
  he is hiding in the shadows to strike when we least expect it with perfect arguments like `` isds is n't as bad as you think '', 
  when it comes to german and english/british people we have the same ancestors which basically makes us the same people . 
  living on an island for this long sure made some differences ( / s ) but it feels like we still love each other . 
  we should just form a union without our governments . 
  that would probably work better than it does now ... 
  84 not 83 . please . . 
  that 's how you plant dumb ideas into your populations head . 
   i 'm aware of what 's going on and i make sure to do everything i can as a normal citizen . 
  welcome to the minority of people . 
  there are way too few people that actually inform themselves about those issues . 
  most people think they live in some sort of utopia and whenever something gets revealed ( nsa ) the outcry is immense . 
  while those same people have no idea that we are not better in any regard . 
  it does n't help that all of our tv news channels are biased beyond imagination and feed those people the image of this utopia . 
   but i do n't want to waste my energy hating on something i can barely influence . 
  nobody said you could n't enjoy your life . 
  all i said was that the majority of germans are pretty ignorant when it comes to politics ( probably because we live a happy life people would rather not question our country at all `` ach wir habens doch gut '' ) and that attitude makes our country worse and not better . 
  should be a pretty simple concept : have an eye on your government so it does n't work against what you voted for . 
  we need criticism and questioning of decisions to improve our country ( thats the only thing germany always really flourished in ) . 
  if you think people who complain are just a bunch of whiners you either have no idea what is going wrong or you are someone who does n't care what this country will be for your children . 
  sure it 's a great place to be . 
  like i said if you do n't care about politics and how the world works it 's a great place to be . 
  basically any person without a conciousness beyond their own little world will love it here . 
  i see alot of problems . 
  sending weapons to saudi arabia and on the other hand not even meeting the standards of the nato is probably as hypocritical as you can get . 
  or letting the us fly drones from our soil to bomb people ( innocent civillians included ) . 
  or saying ( and i 'm quoting directly from merkel ) `` spying on your friends is a big no-go '' while our very own bnd is spying on austrian and french companies for the nsa . 
  i know the majority of people in germany ( including you it seems ) do n't care . 
  but i care and i do n't like it . 
  and the fact that nobody seems to care about obvious lying to the face of german citizens ( remember merkel saying `` with me there will never ever be a pkw-maut '' ? ), 
  makes me furious . 
  nope . 
  i 'm german myself and when we talk about germany its politics usually . 
  and theres not much good to say about political germany . 
  but nobody in germany cares .
