  germans are looking at their own belly button and not realizing how in much worse conditions their neighbors are . 
  there are german people that would say this . 
  i , myself have the opinion that a hard debt cut for greece should be done in order to relieve the debt pressure . 
  when the first bailout was discussed i remember economists saying greece wo n't ever be able to repay the debt or even the interest of this debt . 
   more important , you are forgetting how much responsible germany is for the situation on southern europe . 
  corruption scandals with german officials , german officials proposing legislation the crippled the southern economy severely , schauble pushing austerity when every economy laureate ever says austerity is bullshit , etc. . of course the southern citizens are the primary responsible . 
  but to deny any responsibility and demand to punish greece , like your government is doing ? 
  fuck you . 
  no i 'm not . 
  if you would like to you can check my recent posts on here . 
  i actually adressed this in a post not even an hour ago . 
  i am fully aware that germany has got the most share for the ez crisis . 
  that does n't mean that i like it or even approve of it . 
  in fact the opposite is the case for myself . 
  maybe you should stop pretending you 're talking to some sort of german hivemind here and instead realize that i am an individual and am in no way okay with that my government has done regarding the greece crisis . 
  do n't understand why it seems necessary for you to insult me here either . 
  edit : here is the post i was referring to :  the idea of the euro is an awesome idea . 
  and i love the eu because up until 2010 it felt like our nations were actually bonding and there was a feeling of solidarity and community within europe . 
  and seeing this all crumble because of the euro and therefore germany ( my country does share the most blame for how it turned out ) makes me sad . 
  if we are able to form a fiscal union besides the monetary union we might be able to make it . 
  but if it stays like this it 's bound to fail . 
  and that would be a big step back for the whole of europe . 
  as a german citizen i feel helpless . 
  the idea of the euro is an awesome idea . 
  and i love the eu because up until 2010 it felt like our nations were actually bonding and there was a feeling of solidarity and community within europe . 
  and seeing this all crumble because of the euro and therefore germany ( my country does share the most blame for how it turned out ) makes me sad . 
  if we are able to form a fiscal union besides the monetary union we might be able to make it . 
  but if it stays like this it 's bound to fail . 
  and that would be a big step back for the whole of europe . 
  as a german citizen i feel helpless . 
  i understand what your point is . 
  but you have to understand one thing when it comes to political germany . 
  it does n't have the variety that it claims internationally . 
  basically the `` groko '' ( gro\u00dfe koalition = great coalition ) means that our 2 strongest parties ( which usually never formed a government , or when they did just opposed each other ) are now like republicans and democrats in the us . 
  they share their power and we do n't have an opposition to actually contest this because our opposition consists of the parties that did n't get alot of votes ( which one of the parties i voted for ) . 
  we had the afd which started off as a party that actually tried to be different . 
  but they failed already . 
  how ? 
  they had some people say some right-wing shit and that ended this already . 
  germany ( even though the merkel administration basically is one ) does n't tolerate anything that is n't center . 
  all our politicians have to do is call out the new parties ( that might be dangerous ) and put them in a right-wing drawer and everything is back to normal . 
  for example one politician of that party bernd lucke , is a very controversial person in germany . 
  he is a professor of economics and opposed the current ez politics . 
  he did n't have the best ideas to solve the ez crisis but he atleast tried to change stuff so we would n't spin in circles and nothing at all would change . 
  so what did they do ? 
  they took one statement which he made `` our democracy is degenerated '' and pushed him into the right corner ( even comparing him to the nazis ) because the nazis spoke of degenerated population when it came to the jews . 
  he just used the same word for our democracy and he got called out for it . 
  to the point he now actually left the afd because the afd actually got more and more right-wingers to join them and lucke is n't a right winger . 
  so what choices do we have ? 
  we could vote for a leftist party ( which i actually consider now ) and hope for a change . 
  but if we do and we actually get enough votes on our leftist party they will have to form a coalition again . 
  but then we still have the cdu ( merkels party ) which always gets massive votes , the csu ( which is basically the same party as cdu ) that is so popular in states like bavaria ( the biggest state ) that those 2 parties which always form a coalition no matter what , will get enough votes to outnumber any party nationwide . 
  that 's the reason why it is so hard to actually get a political shift in germany . 
  i wished it was different and i hope that we will see a shift in the next elections , but i feel kind of hopeless what i ( as a single person ) could do to actually shift things . 
  i can only talk for myself but i understand that our government is hurting relationships within the eu and doing things that benefit germany over other ez/eu states . 
  and this is making me sad because i feel like we are evolving into the cruel germans/nazis again which no one in europe likes anymore . 
  whenever i post on reddit i get shit for the actions of `` germany '' even though i do all that is within my capabilities to change this . 
  what can i do besides , voting for parties that might change things , protest against government actions and try to educate my surroundings and friends about the shit my government does ? 
  whenever i say that i feel like germany is decreasing aswell i get called out because other countries have it worse than us . 
  edit : sorry this got way longer than it was intended to be . 
  thanks . 
  one person actually understands what my point is ... 
  this whole system as a ez is bound to collapse . 
  because if we raise german wages , nobody would want to produce in germany because it 's expensive . 
  so they outsource ( which they already do ) . 
  so they keep our wages low . 
  this does n't appeal to us germans obviously and we still have to be the scapegoat for all of the ez because we evil germans make every other nation not able to compete . 
  it 's a fucking lose-lose situation for the german working class . 
  and still i get 1000 replies telling me i live like a sultan here in germany because i 'm german and apparently that makes you rich and wealthy . 
  me and my wife ca n't even afford a home to have a family with 2 full-time jobs . 
  so my government ( which i did n't vote for at all ) are fucktards , our companies leech our citizens and your 's , so fuck me !, 
  right . 
  flawless logic . 
  we do n't have population polls on every topic like you do in switzerland . 
  we have 1 day of democracy every 4 years . 
  if you knew how much stuff our government does which they ( sometimes not even a year before that ) said they would never do , maybe you would open your eyes to the real world and stop pretending as if you knew how german politics work . 
  maybe you should stop pretending that all germans live like millionaires and having the best life you could get . 
  and maybe you could realize that you 're talking to an individual here and not to the general german population because i never discreditted anyone here . 
  my point was that germans have it worse than before the euro aswell . 
  maybe not as bad as your country , or portugal , spain or greece , but we are n't happy with how things are evolving aswell . 
  so maybe people like you could stop shitting on the german population as if we are the reason this happened in the first place . 
  you realize that we have never had a government with such a strong mandate like greece has right now do you ? 
  so your argument `` stop blaming the politicians '' is bullshit . 
  seriously . 
  merkel got 37 % votes in for her party not her . 
  merkel lied to us several times and worked absolutely in the different direction what she preached before the election . 
  before the election she said `` with me there wo n't be a pkw-maut '' what are we getting right now ? 
  she said `` spying on your friends is a no-go ! '', 
  what is the bnd doing ? 
  spying on french and austrian ( and probably even more ) companies for the nsa . 
  so what shall we do here ? 
  behead our government in a french evolution like coup ? 
  please tell me more about we should stop blaming our politicians because we , the german population are the problem . 
  seriously this bullshit arguments are really bothering me because none of you people live here , have insight on what politicians say contrary to their actions , or how the life of an average joe german is . 
  no but only people living here know what it 's like to live here . 
  so not in germany . 
  thanks for letting me know you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  the argument `` but you have it better than us boo-hoo '' does n't work when talking about germany nationally . 
  sure , but not if they outsource as much as they do now . 
  do you even live here ?
