  edit : ok numbers are there but weirdly nobody ever talks about them . 
  because we know 90 % of your country speaks ( or atleast understands ) german anyways . 
  seriously thats like saying an english person went to germany and tried speaking english first and not german . 
  it 's terrifying what we humans are capable of ... 
  i know ... it 's just so unreal to hear this . 
  imagine seeing a fucking schoolclass and babies going into that plane and 20 minutes later you crash that plane into a mountain . 
  maybe because of a witch hunt for his family ? 
  that 'd be the reason why i would kill myself alone instead of driving a school bus off a bridge . 
  i ca n't comprehend how someone can decide to take 150 lives besides his own . 
  it just does n't make sense ... 
  it was more you whining about me telling you london is not the center of the world of finances . 
  and certainly will never be with asia going on a rampage . 
  the point still stands . 
  you overestimate your capabilities . 
  and as far as i can see i 'm far from being alone with that opinion . 
  and i guess you lose an argument once you try to bail out of it . 
  true . 
  hahahahahaha . 
  this was the best one yet . 
  `` what is there except banks and finances ? '', 
  `` internet startups and tourism '' haha . 
  you brits need to stop overestimating your capabilities . 
  your empire is long gone . 
   have you been to london ? 
  it has a lot more than just finance . 
  what exactly in terms of high grossing businesses are there except finances ? 
  lol . 
  i just said shanghai will pull ahead , just like hong kong will . 
  i never said they were equal . 
  stop trying to read stuff between the lines which are n't there . 
  and singapore will also pull ahead of london yeah . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  i agree to some of this . 
  but london , again is not that far ahead of z\u00fcrich , paris or frankfurt as you would like them to be . 
  as painful as this must sound for you since london is entirely based on financials . 
  no backup plan once the uk will ditch the eu . 
  and hong kong / shanghai are the ones who will almost definitely pull ahead of every other city except maybe new york . 
  i guess we are argueing about how much `` far off '' is . 
  from what i understand it 's not by a big margin . 
  in your article it even states that frankfurt is a competitor of london . 
  if they were that far off there would be no competition . 
  of course frankfurt ca n't compete with a city like london and that 's not even the question . 
  your initial comment stated frankfurt is way behind london in terms of finance when it 's not . 
  it might not be on par yet but it 's not as far behind as you would like it to be . 
  the reasons why big companies tend to re-locate out of germany is because of german tax laws which are horrible , german labour laws which are a pain in the ass for companies and to generally have a financial advantage . 
  not because people would have to learn german ( germany is at the top of immigration if i recall correctly ) , or cope with culture . 
  that statement is ridiculous . 
  and if you really think a company will willingly re-locate to a place where they have to pay more in salaries i have no idea what to tell you anymore . 
  the point is frankfurt caught up immensely and they are still catching up . 
  and if the uk ditches the eu you will see a shift in winds again . 
   prefer london to frankfurt for a whole variety of reasons , including salary , english language , london cultural opportunities and so forth . 
  because no one in germany speaks english at all yeah . 
  because high salaries is exactly what a company is shooting for . 
  because culture absolutely matters to a bank . 
  also implying germany does n't have cultural opportunities . 
  your arguments are invalid . 
  yup i agree . 
  over all london and frankfurt are about equal right now . 
  and if that were to happen frankfurt would jump ahead most definitely . 
  that might be true if there were only 2 banks in germany . 
  i 'm talking ecb here for example . 
  frankfurt is the eu 's financial capital . 
   frankfurt is currently nowhere near london in terms of finance . 
  hahahahaha . 
  lets put it this way : even your pencil needs maintenance . 
  because it 's not your relatives or neighbors starving in 3rd world countries . 
  as cruel as this sounds it 's the harsh reality . 
  sorry to say but if you think that way you must have never owned a car , or a house or anything that needs maintenance . 
  i 'm all for it !, 
  did you not read what i wrote ? 
  alright thanks for clearing that up . 
  i thought it might be some political satire because a racist dad and couple of blonde daughters was kind of fitting for le pen haha . 
  really funny movie though . 
  can recommend . 
  i guess his point would be that , with the opposition in russia dying like flies , nobody in russia really wants to speak out against putin . 
  hence the high approval rating . 
  and that the general population is n't as `` evil '' as you would like them to be . 
  we need to condemn putin for his actions and the hardline population following him . 
  but not 90 % of the population because of some shady poll . 
  stay rational . 
  oh wow sorry did n't know that . 
  in german it 's called monsieur claude and his daughters . 
  see you soon , france ;-), 
  please leave germany . 
  but do n't open your borders , keep them shut . 
  another wall would be too expensive . 
  is monsieur claude based off of le pen somehow ? 
  serious question . 
  watched the movie and had that thought . 
  you 'll be disappointed if you think this is bild 's maximum hypocrisy . 
  welcome to investigate bild journalism . 
  `` how was the beaver cut ? 
  did it smell weird ? 
  we 're going to ask the important questions ! '', 
  well since i live like 10 minutes from the border to the netherlands and it 's about a 30-45 drive to paris i feel european . 
  i mean the dutch come over here and we go over there regularly . 
  also you see a alot of belgians everywhere . 
  my best friend although he 's german , has family in belgium which he often visits . 
  and generally when interacting with dutch , belgian and french people who live next to the borders we probably feel more connected in europe than people who live in the centre . 
  my family has lived here for 100 + years already and although in my youngster years i thought i 'd be moving far away ( even thought about going to the us ) i now never want to leave this place .
