  now there 's the afd which adresses exactly the problems you pointed out and makes it a topic which i think is great . 
  next elections in germany will be interesting and i really hope that things in the eu especially in the eurozone will improve for the southern members such as italy , spain , portugal and especially greece . 
  because the eu is such a beautiful project and i feel more than ever connected to other nations within it i would love to see this work out . 
  you seem to think i 'm just opposed to syriza 's and greece 's position but i am fully aware that both sides messed up . 
  and i gladly point out what germany or the eu did wrong . 
  but it irks me that nowadays people try to push the blame alone on germany when there 's so much more to blame . 
  when you asked me i would say that corrupt banks and companies have much more stake in this mess than any government involved . 
  the truth is the regular citizen in germany does n't even realize all this and he certainly does n't care as long as it does n't hurt his own pocket . 
  but what can we do except protesting once in awhile and go to the elections and try to make a change ? 
  it just saddens me that we get so much hate for things that we do n't even like ourselves . 
  i do n't read bild at all . 
  just for the record . 
  i said this before ( not sure if i replied to you on this matter ) but syriza tried to scam the eu in regards to austerity measures . 
  they were meant to work out alternatives to the austerity measures which they did n't . 
  then the meeting got postponed a few times and then greece send a letter to brussels applying for more money . 
  in that letter they vaguely hinted that they might keep their austerity measures . 
  but ( i guess it was dijsselbloem ) found some obvious loopholes in the application and then it got dropped . 
  and after that happened they negotiated a short term aid for greece under existing austerity measures with exceptions to the troika . 
  and no i do n't agree with syriza 's position . 
  because syriza 's position is to drop austerity measures without having an alternative solution to end the ** destructive economic policies ** which still have n't been changed within greece . 
  you ca n't expect the eu to hand out money to greece with just the word of syriza that they will surely work this out . 
  they need to have a plan . 
  oh you do n't seem to get my point here . 
  we two are not that far off with out opinion . 
  i just think syriza has made a few bad turns diplomatically and now they reap what they sow . 
  i am fully awhare that the `` aid '' that greece got was paid out to save banks . 
  and i think that 's wrong . 
  the thing is that i am awhare of the wrongdoings of the eu and germany while you seem to still think the majority of the problems lie within the austerity measures . 
  which they are not . 
  it 's probably 50/50 or even more the fault of decades of corruption and tax evasion that led to a culture that does n't even recognize their wrongdoings anymore . 
  i really really hope you know that germany does n't rule over europe and is not responsible for every action taken in it . 
  in fact greece has to negotiate more with the iwf and the ecb instead of the eu . 
  because that 's where their debt is . 
   the debt will continue to strangle any attempts at growth . 
  here 's where we agree . 
  in my opinion the debt should be erased . 
  just to give greece somehow a fresh start . 
  because there 's no way greece will be able to pay this back . 
  in fact experts doubt greece can even handle the interest rates . 
  germany does n't want their money back . 
  germanys money has gone for good . 
  the problem is if greece bankrupts the eu citizen will have to put their hands into their pockets because we are held responsible with about 30 % ( not sure if thats the exact number but it 's somewhere around that number ) and that 's what germany and in fact the whole of eu is afraid of . 
  the thing is this ( and i 've said it in a shitton of responses today already ) greece needs to change things like corruption and tax evasion asap and eu needs to erase the debt and loosen their grip on austerity . 
  for all of this to happen greece and germany need to stop poking their eyes out . 
  and before that has n't stopped no progress will be made . 
  never said austerity works for greece . 
  i said it needs to be adjusted to greece . 
  but greece itself needs to adjust too or this whole thing wo n't change one bit . 
  ok maybe you would like to enlighten me then what facts i got wrong . 
  because before we 're discussing again why everyone but greece is at fault i 'd like to know where my statements were inaccurate . 
   by the way you still do n't explain how our beloved european leaders were so eager to work and had soooo much faith in the previous guaranteed corrupt governments but they are so puzzled by the new one which at least has the benefit of the doubt as to whether it 's corrupt . 
  from my point of view is there is a very easy answer but from yours ? 
  that does n't really make sense . 
  because your old supposedly corrupt government negotiated the treatys you guys so despise . 
  so what 's your point here ? 
  the thing that 's puzzling is not the government itself . 
  it 's the actions they take . 
  like literally pointing the middlefinger to germany ( varoufakis ) , flirting with russia , badmouthing and blackmailing germany , trying to scam the eu . 
  all that stuff that gets you the reaction you guys ca n't seem to comprehend . 
  and that 's a stereotype ? 
  or racist ? 
  i 'm pretty sure people started saying that once you began blaming your problems on foreign governments rather than your own incapability to collect taxes or fight corruption . 
  ohh wow i mixed up greece and greek 2 times . 
  my english is horrible . 
  i 'll take classes tomorrow . 
  while we 're at it :  speaks volumes about your english proficiency how much volumes does it speak ? 
  like 2m \u00b3 ? 
  get out of here . 
   there we go , as soon as one thinks we 're reaching a place of understandin and agreement you cling yo your stereotypes and racism . 
  if anything then it 's not `` you '' instead it 's `` we '' . 
  not sure where i was being racist or bringing up stereotypes . 
  unless of course you feel like me saying the greece government trying to scam the eu was a stereotype . 
  which would amaze me actually . 
  in fact i do n't even know any typical greece stereotypes . 
  i 'm not because your comment was written poorly . 
  i do n't take responsibility for the stuff other people hack into their keyboard . 
  but i guess that 's just greece mentality . 
  `` must be the other guy not comprehending what i 'm saying '', 
  i 'm not sure if you realize how the whole negotiations with greece went down . 
  because greece said they would n't hold on to anything which was negotiated before the eu even started pumping money into greece . 
  when asked what their plans are instead they did n't come up with an idea . 
  they even had time for this . 
  the meeting got pushed back and greece was supposed to work out alternatives . 
  then greece send a letter to brussel to apply for more money . 
  when they analyzed the letter they realized there were loopholes all over and the letter was worded too vague for it to be worth a cent . 
  that 's when the eu said : you know what ? 
  you ca n't even make up a solution ... play by our rules or do n't play at all . 
  to which greece said no . 
  then when time was short greece negotiated a deal for a short term but they had to obey the existing austerity rules . 
  i mean how can you really blame the eu ? 
  they gave them a chance and they tried to scam the eu ( or let me just say the european taxpayer ) and of course people are going to be unpleasant . 
  especially when you literally flip the bird into germanys face ( just like varoufakis did ) . 
  and no i was n't comparing austerity with a therapy . 
  i was giving a metaphor to show you how simple things like this are handled in the real world . 
  just to let you know i also have the opinion that austerity does n't work the way it 's handled right now . 
  in my opinion both sides are at the wrong . 
  greece as in blaming other nations for their fuckups of the last decades . 
  and the eu for pushing too harsh austerity measures onto a population which is n't blessed with a powerhouse economy . 
  but i also see the struggle here to get everything worked out without stepping on each other toes . 
  i mean you ca n't really expect the eu to pump a shitload of money into a country who got into the eu under false pretenses and clearly still struggles with corruption and tax evasion .
