  if they were to expose some lies in this interview , putin could easily dig up enough shit to topple that . 
  so why even bother . 
  he did n't go to numerous wars illegally and slaughtered millions of people . 
  that 's nato . 
  and that 's the ugly truth . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsnlbk8_rby ), 
  it could have been prevented . 
  we all could have screamed `` refugees not welcome '' am i right ? 
  as a person who is not completely retarded i expected exactly what has happened . 
  could i have prevented it ? 
  just like you could n't prevent tony blair from illegally bombing iraq . 
  pretty close actually . 
  i guess if i had my father read this ( who does n't know english very much ) he would still be able to understand most of it . 
  this is great !, 
  kind of reminds me of the old donald duck in nazi germany cartoon . 
  the germans in those talked almost like this . 
  i was literally laughing reading this . 
  that might be because we 've created daesh and we 've been bombing the middle east since the 60 's constantly . 
  maybe that 's the reason we ca n't have it peaceful now . 
  do n't forget all the shit that we 've been up to there . 
  and it started well before 9/11 or the iraq war . 
  inform yourself . 
  you 're one of those people that do n't realize that we , the west , actually started the fighting over there right ? 
  if i hit you in the face , you hit me back and i shrug my shoulders `` we 'll i ca n't have it peaceful , he hit me '' am i to blame or you ? 
  or are we both ? 
  ignorant fucks around here , jesus . 
  well if you kill people via drones worldwide that 's terrorism . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  people just die in an instant without the chance to get away . 
  just like when a suicide bomber blows up in your face . 
  but here it 's a hellfire instead of a suicide vest . 
  seriously how is this not terrorism aswell ? 
  are you that much of a bigot ? 
  and the people thinking bombing the shit out of iraq afghanistan syria and libya does n't create terrorists must be pretty naive . 
  the insane people are those not realizing we 're in a viscious circle of violence right now . 
  and not those protesting against violence . 
  edit : downvoted for advocating peace over violence . 
  i do n't have as much hands as i 'd like to facepalm . 
  savage animals all around the globe . 
  that 's true . 
  the germanic order or teutonic order also was involved in that region and that was a really bloody time . 
  maybe the nato should stop limiting our military then ? 
  i mean you ca n't tell us our military is limited to a certain number of soldiers and tell us we need to be involved more . 
  it 's one or the other . 
  because it 's a christian country . 
  that 's why . 
  yes . 
  that 's both sad and infuriating . 
  it always hits the innocent people that are n't to blame for any of this . 
  my only hope is that in our times of internet where information is spread much faster people will wake up to how the world really works . 
  words like geostrategy , geopolitics and propaganda are n't used very much anymore but they are just as important as they always were . 
  yeah i 'm also glad that my country did n't put boots on the ground in iraq or libya . 
  but my government is still selling weapons in the middle east which does about the same harm if not more . 
  and people seem to forget that selling weapons to that region and the flow of refugees are linked closely to each other . 
  it 's making me feel so helpless that people do n't realize that selling weapons in the region and condemning the syrian civil war at the same time is straightup bigotry . 
  lol what ?!, 
  afghanistan is more of a shithole than ever . 
  it became the number 1 exporteur of heroine and radical islamists are popping out under every rock . 
  i guess we do n't have to talk about iraq right ? 
  if you thnk iraq is doing better than it did before 2003 or even the first gulf war you 're fucking mental . 
  yes . 
  it 's making me mad that those facts get swiped under the rug everywhere . 
  i mean do people believe isis just picked france because their flag looks cool ? 
  or because they are french ? 
  no it 's because if you use violence against someone that person might use violence themselves . 
  we are living in a mad world . 
  where all of this knowledge is easily accessible but only a small minority takes the time to inform themselves . 
  no shit . 
  if you join a bombing campaign with the uk and us you should n't be surprised that the people being bombed might pick up bombs and retaliate . 
  you reap what you sow . 
  are you naive or just blind ? 
  never has a war in the middle east has gone fine and it never will . 
  fun story . 
  me and my wife wanted to rent a house in the town i grew up . 
  we actually lived in the house next door ( which is bigger ) when i was a child . 
  the rent was 500 euro with heating back then . 
  the smaller house next door which was up for rent was 900 without heating now . 
  it 's crazy . 
  : i feel your pain , brother . 
  yeah the casual school-shooting look would do just fine . 
  i thought those people were ` murican :( can you borrow me your kkk uniform so i can be enlightened aswell ? 
  interesting . 
  i thought it was coca cola , mcdonalds and halliburton running the country . 
  weird . 
  why are you so obsessed with jews btw ? 
  you keep mentioning them . 
  are you a racist ? 
  not yet . 
  you still got a chance to gain some conscience for our world . 
  do n't give up hope . 
  learn how to use the internet :(, 
  `` educate yourself about my points . 
  i 'm not your teacher , kid . '', 
  my government is at fault here aswell . 
  just like the us government . 
  never said that it was the us alone . 
  but you americans ca n't accept criticism without jumping to whataboutism . 
  and i blame my government and the us government for our shitty situation . 
  but in your world that ca n't be because if the us does something there 's always a greater cause and it 's always acceptable . 
  and it 's not acceptable .
