  that post is filled with the same stuff you keep repeating . 
  but that 's not the stuff i was mentioning . 
  i do n't care about the transparency at all since we will know what it 's about eventually . 
  and all you post is going on about is that . 
  no one cares . 
  how about the `` schiedsgerichte '' ? 
  how about the food standards ? 
  you never talked about that and you never answered when i mentioned it . 
  instead you just said `` that wo n't happen '' like yeah that 's exactly what convices me lol . 
  schiedsgerichte = arbitration courts and now instead of avoiding please convince me i have nothing to worry about . 
  read it and i 'm not concerned with the stuff you mentioned . 
  i 'm concerned with the stuff i mentioned which you never appointed in the first place . 
  if you ask me you 're just one more apologist for the ttip with no real argument . 
  that post is filled with the same stuff you keep repeating . 
  but that 's not the stuff i was mentioning . 
  i do n't care about the transparency at all since we will know what it 's about eventually . 
  and all you post is going on about is that . 
  no one cares . 
  how about the `` schiedsgerichte '' ? 
  how about the food standards ? 
  you never talked about that and you never answered when i mentioned it . 
  instead you just said `` that wo n't happen '' like yeah that 's exactly what convices me lol . 
  i am a consumer not an average joe . 
  so my opinion is as relevant as anyones who is concerned with this . 
  just because some random internet shill tells me my opinion is unnuanced because i 'm not a chemical professor is ridiculous . 
  and just someone with no real argument would come to such a conclusion . 
  i did my research and came to the conclusion that there are quite a lot parts of the agreement which concern me . 
  and if my food will be messed with i sure damn have a relevant opinion . 
  who are you to decide whose opinions are relevant anyways ? 
  anyone who consumes food in the eu has a relevant opinion on this . 
  and we should have impact on the treaty . 
  i suggest you read up on what those `` schiedsgerichte '' are that are included in this deal . 
  ( not sure about the english translation , but a smart ass like you sure as hell can figure it out ), 
  why do n't you adress my concerns instead of making excuses ? 
  so we could have a real debate about this . 
  you think public servants ( whatever that means ) are discussing a deal for trade between nations . 
  without any politicians or company personell having anything to do with this ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  that 's what we call company officials now ? 
  interesting . 
  also politicians have to sign this thing . 
  and do you think they will stick to their word when suddenly the food standards will be lowered according to this treaty ? 
  problem with those things are the lobbies in every country who have more say than the population . 
  unless you live in , lets say , switzerland where they might hold a public vote about the topic . 
  but aside from that it has nothing to do with a democratic decision . 
  if you have a public outcry with so many citizens opposing one thing and you pass it without adressing those concerns you can hardly call that democratic . 
  i remember in the tv debate merkel attended right before our last election . 
  she said there wont any `` pkw-maut '' with her . 
  guess what they are doing right now in germany ? 
  if you really think something is not happening just because they say they wo n't you 're one naive individual . 
  sorry to say . 
  you ca n't really call it sueing . 
  do n't be fooled in those cases there wo n't be any judges . 
  instead its lawyers discussing deals and ripping off governments . 
  edit : here 's a little taste of that sweet ttip isds which will haunt the eu after ttip http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_morris_v._uruguay, 
  in the case of ttip yes they are . 
  not in general . 
  but to lower our food standards to us ones is a threat if you ask me . 
  last i remember south korea is n't trying to poison us with their shitty food products . 
  only with overpriced cellphones . 
  so your comparison is kinda weird . 
  radler is no bear though . 
  radler is lemonade in a beer bottle . 
  and idk but does n't radler have even less than 2 % ? 
  oh you meant germany and austria were never united except during the nazi regime . 
  then just forget what i wrote . 
  i mistakenly thought you meant germany was never united except during the nazi regime . 
  did you even read my post ? 
  i 'm talking about the franco-german war or franco-prussian war in 1870/71 after which germany was unified . 
  because you claimed germany was never unified except briefly during the nazi regime which is so utterly wrong . 
  way to get called out on bullshit whataboutism . 
  hooray !, 
  if you just look at the scenario in a sober way it 's pretty hard to imagine a german victory anyway . 
  i mean germany , a relatively small country , with `` strong '' allies like italy against the world including the us and russia ? 
  i think it 's crazy nazi germany even managed to take almost all of europe . 
  st. petersburg is even more west than moscow , no ? 
  remember the franco-german war 1870/71 ? 
  after that war the german kaiser was crowned in versailles and germany was unified . 
  when did you think germany was unified ? 
  what the fuck is a 2 % beer ? 
  there 's no such thing . 
  must suck to be an employee in the us then . 
  starting next week i 've got 2 paid weeks off . 
  to my understanding it 's the governments job to protect their population . 
  especially protect them from their own stupidity . 
  that is what we pay taxes for anyway right ? 
  ron swanson for president !, 
  of the world . 
  frikandels are awesome though . 
  and kibbelinge . 
  could eat that shit for days !, 
  no , not at all actually . 
  you explained this pretty good !, 
  til thanks  pretty interesting stuff . 
  european history is awesome !, 
  i am way more confused than before now . 
  haha yeah . 
  i always wondered : does your frisland ( hope that 's spelled correctly ) border with our `` ostfriesland '' ? 
  yeah limburg is the province i meant . 
  from my home to roermond takes about 20-30 minutes .
