  or you for shooting yourself in the foot with it ? 
  i remember pretty clearly the cdu ( merkels party ) openly said that we wo n't need to pay for greece . 
  that was even before the first bailout . 
  talk about false advertising mutti . 
  this time corruption wo n't save you greece . 
  but interesting to see what comes to a greek persons mind in a situation like this . 
  anarchy and fraud . 
  tl , dr. : german tabloids reporting on greek tabloids publishing nazi caricatures in reaction to german tabloids publishing lazy greek caricatures in response to greek tabloids reporting vampire-sch\u00e4uble ( hilarious ) pictures as a reaction to german tabloids publishing ... fuck !, 
  r/circlejerk left the internet long ago guys . 
  you charge with a bagpipe ? 
  no worries man . 
  it happens . 
  you ca n't really judge a person over the internet anyways . 
  well i understand it is part of your culture . 
  and seriously i 've been over there 3 times now and i 've never felt unsafe or threatened at all . 
  after all i agree that if every gun owner in this world was responsible and sane the world would be as safe as it gets . 
  unfortunately that is n't the case . 
  but shootings and all that stuff happen regardless of laws . 
  even we in germany had a tragic school shooting . 
  guns wether you like them or not are a pillar of american culture . 
  and thats fine . 
  and it 's non of my business as a foreigner to tell someone about local laws anyway . 
  while i may appear as anti-american as alot of us citizens on reddit like to claim i actually just do n't agree with some political stuff . 
  but that 's not american exklusive . 
  in fact there is more stuff in my own country that i do n't agree with and sadly that is n't exclusively political since there are some things in our society that i despise . 
  i would come back to the us any day ( west coast is still missing , hehe ) if it was n't as expensive : / i know there are quite a few people on reddit who like to circlejerk about the us and even attack the population . 
  just keep in mind the majority of those people never been over there . 
  and as someone who has : you guys are awesome and the most open people i 've ever met on this planet . 
  and i 'm being 100 % honest . 
  ok maybe the arabic vendors in tunisia/egypt who try to drag you into their stores are maybe a tad more open than us citizens . 
  but not in a good way haha . 
  and every sane person should realize there are good and bad people in every country and you ca n't judge a book by it 's cover . 
  as i said i experienced american culture first hand and even was there one year for independence day i can safely say that the picture reddit likes to paint of your population often mixes with political views which the family i stayed with had no interest in whatsoever . 
  not sure if the general public is different from them though . 
  what i noticed there is the same i notice over here . 
  just people going about their life , raising their children , paying their bills and trying to survive . 
  americans and germans just seem to disagree when it comes to political views . 
  i mean apart from swiss germany probably is the most dovish nation there is in today 's world . 
  ( all that while producing weapons for other countries mind you ... which i do n't approve at all ) contrary to the us , the most powerful military on this planet , with your legal guns and all that . 
  as said before it 's a hell of a culture shock . 
  i mean when someone over there showed me his gun that probably was the weirdest moment for me over there . 
  only guns you see here are wielded by police officers . 
  someone to casually pull one out and show it to me was strange . 
  you 'd probably feel similar when you walk the streets of germany and run into blackout drunk 16 year olds . 
  ( or even younger ) . 
  an eye for an eye and the world goes blind . 
  but to fight barbarism with barbarism that 's the jewish way to handle things nowadays . 
  and no my family had nothing to do with nazi crimes . 
  my grandfather was a street construction worker while my grandmother raised 6 children . 
  they hardly gassed any jews . 
  but to call an entire nation worthless is about the same niveau i expect of an overly patriotic american jew . 
  you learned from the nazis . 
  not at all . 
  definitely not . 
  seriously american involvement was necessary because of many reasons and i do n't think i 've ever heard that the opposite would have been better . 
  you see it 's culturally difficult to discuss this . 
  germans are generally distrustful of their government and patriotism/nationalism is non-existent . 
  hell there are germans who downright hate being born german because they feel our nation is a bad one . 
  and americans are quite the opposite . 
  i feel that 's where alot of misunderstanding comes from . 
  germans ca n't understand how americans can defend their government on almost every topic and americans ca n't understand how germans dare to criticise the nation that helped them get rid of the nazis and liberated them . 
  atleast that 's how i often feel about it . 
  that treated you well in defeat is true post 1956 or so i would like to specify . 
  but yes you guys helped us up again to shield europe from communism and thats something we should be grateful for . 
  as i answered you in the other string you need to detach politcal from social talk . 
  as someone having been to the us a couple of times already and even lived with an american family i can assure you there is respect and deep friendship between our nations . 
  i just do n't understand why most of you ca n't take criticism to your country . 
  you always act like someone is personally insulting you . 
  when that 's not even the case . 
  wow why do you guys always get so defensive when people discuss your country and actually have some criticism ? 
  seriously is weird for me being german . 
  we are forced to discuss our past , present and future with every person because of our dark history . 
  and you guys do n't seem to be able to rationally discuss something without either legging it or falling into whataboutism . 
  well thats pretty sad . 
  and please do n't get the impression we germans do n't like you . 
  we were taking political stuff here . 
  i went to the us several times and there is indeed a friendship between our nations . 
  have a good day buddy . 
  well the soviets basically beat the nazis and not the us . 
  you guys came in when the nazis were already beaten in a 2 front-war . 
  my both grandfathers were drafted into the wehrmacht . 
  but neither of them committed war crimes . 
  you ca n't say that . 
  how does it feel to be worse of a person than germans during hitlers reign ? 
  i was n't talking about political systems , buddy . 
  i was merely pointing out that perspective is a real thing . 
  if i lived in ukraine i 'd be afraid of russia . 
  on the other hand if i was living in afghanistan or iraq i 'd be afraid of the us . 
  so am i dumb for you not understanding or are you dumb for not understanding the point here ? 
  the world isnt black and white . 
  at all . 
  on a side note to call the us a true democracy is pretty funny considering you guys are one party away from the soviet union . 
  then you guys might stop rubbing the marshal plan into the face of germans saying that you came in like a knight in shining armour and saved our population like those hollywood heros . 
  that 's getting pretty fucking old and to call us ungrateful bastards when pointing out the reality does n't help with us liking you more . 
  especially while you guys usually point fingers screaming nazi at the same time . 
  reality was much more ugly . 
  see there you go . 
  calling me dumb for saying every country got shit on their heel and now you admit that i was right . 
  did you not read that last comment ? 
  or why do you want to whitewash reality ?
