  any person who trusts their government or any government should have a check for a brain tumour . 
  `` the germans '' are n't made of one single person you ignorant prick . 
  sounds like wolfgang bosbach for some reason . 
  no shit . 
  spit the people who gave you money in the face and expect them to spend their vacation in your country ? 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  i would n't go if it was free . 
  there must be plenty left then considering how many you guys already used , 
  yeah but after bismarck forcibly retired diplomatic relationships went to shit . 
  after the franco-prussian war the relations between germany and france were pretty good considering the germans had crowned their kaiser in versailles as a humiliation . 
  ww1 was inevitable but bismarck sure did his best to solve everything diplomatically which he did for decades with proper success . 
  instead of kicking out the only german person with diplomatic skills that could have made a difference back then : bismarck . 
  yeah that 's cool and all ... but nobody really does anything about isis right now either . 
  so we do n't seem to have learned from that . 
  have n't seen aid for ukraine either yet ... in a perfect world people would try to stop injustice like that . 
  but our world is far from perfect . 
  i know what you mean . 
  and to be quite frank i do n't like it aswell . 
  but it 's a fact that germany has alot of responsibility within the eu due to it 's economic success . 
  what i always imagine when people talk about the eu like this is every eu leader sitting at the table , merkel sitting on a throne and just collecting their signatures for the next plan to further germany 's economy . 
  and that 's not at all how this plays out in the real world obviously . 
  as i said germany is one of the biggest contributors of the eu so they have more power than members that do n't contribute as much . 
  that 's just normal . 
  and you just proved my point because the same rule applies for germany when it comes to the us . 
  that 's how the world works . 
  if you like it or not . 
  and just like people play the `` thanks obama '' card for the us they play the `` thanks merkel '' card for the eu . 
  and every sane person should understand that there 's alot more to those issues than one country or one person . 
  sadly this seems to be quite accurate . 
  i just put the / s there because that 's a silly way to actually approach this issue . 
  of course a person who can not cope with a countries culture should n't live there . 
  but how can you actually put this ability to a test unless you live there and experience it ? 
  was n't just germany though . 
  and that was my point . 
  i realize our goverment has the majority of influence in this issue but still . 
  reddit likes to paint the picture of an eu being dictated by germany alone which is a ridiculous claim . 
  influence is divided by the contributions and the economic power of a country . 
  if everything else fails : blame germany , 
  they should just show every immigrant a mohammed caricature and every immigrant who goes batshit crazy over a painting will be sent back . 
  germans expect foreigners to know german ? 
  now that 's a first . 
  try talking broken german with germans . 
  anyone under 50 years will instantly switch to englisch . 
  his look just shattered my soul . 
  well that would make politics in germany atleast a tad bit more exciting . 
  after the last elections i did n't even know why i went because it does n't seem to make a difference in the outcome anyways . 
  there is one person in the cdu for that . 
  but he is just there to fish for anti-eu votes . 
  wolfgang bosbach is his name if i recall correctly . 
  last time the greek aid was renewed the said he would resign if that were to happen . 
  not sure if he actually actually did it or if it was just talk . 
  csu is anti eurozone ? 
  did n't even know that . 
  always thought it was the cdu 's little retarded brother . 
  i do n't really mind them doing this . 
  in fact i think if this was the case in germany our drivers would probably be more careful for cyclists and pedestrians while driving . 
  it 's just so damn stressful to drive there if you 're not used to it . 
  i 'm always afraid of killing someone over there . 
  and i kinda doubt roermond is even the worst city for this . 
  story time : went to a concert a couple of years back . 
  we were standing outside in the cold enjoying ourselves some sweet beer . 
  so we waited and waited and when we finally got to the entrance i downed my beer , dumped the empty bottle into the trashcan at the entrance because who cares about those 20 cent right ? 
  i look up and see a small man with a white beard holding a plastic bag open for everyone to dump their bottles in . 
  i never felt worse than this moment . 
  i will never forget the look he had when i looked up and saw him ... 
  neither of us said a word . 
  i grabbed into the dirty trash bin and got him my bottle after that and quickly disappeared through the entrance . 
  i will probably still think about this when i 'm 80 years old . 
  i must have appeared like the biggest douchebag . 
  your cyclists are insane anyways . 
  whenever i drive over there and cyclists are on the street they just drive and turn whereever they want without checking . 
  as if they were not afraid of dying in a car accident . 
  it 's so sad it did n't work out . 
  thinking about this i ca n't help but feel like we 've got our black/red/gold flag 150 years too late . 
  i would go with no ... but it 's your cakeday right ? 
  so no . 
  wow people feel satisfaction by pressing the downvote button on reddit ? 
  you should try jacking off mate . 
  will blow your mind . 
  we are told to not jaywalk in front of minors because you 'd be a bad example and minors may jaywalk too and they might miss an approaching car and get hit or drivers wo n't see them . 
  to this day i look around to see if i can jaywalk and if there are kids i simply wo n't . 
  that 's how i was raised in regards to jaywalking atleast . 
  and they got bitchslapped for it and the germans crowned their emperor at versailles and united the german people . 
  what a time to be alive !, 
  who needs text on a board at a monument if you can scan a barcode with your cellphone , be lucky that thing loads up on shitty mobile internet and then you can inform yourself . 
  does n't change the fact it is insulting . 
  shhhh ... all germans were nazis and still are . 
  if you do n't agree you 're a nazi aswell who is just trying to whitewash our history . 
  wow that 's ridiculous . 
  did n't know poles were so hateful towards our nation still . 
  good to know . 
  whitewashing our history ? 
  how retarded can you be ? 
  we get the nazi subject thrown at us for decades during school and after that we 've got people that make sure we will never forget . 
  we are fully aware what happend back then . 
  more so than any other nation on this planet . 
  so fuck off with your bullshit and start looking at the atrocities your own country comitted instead of pointing fingers like a school kid who just shat their pants and needs to distract the masses . 
  never heard anyone saying that the deathcamps located in poland were polish . 
  but i guess some butthurt poles needed to be edgy and insult modern day germans . 
  oh well how original that is .
