  the us was n't a knight in shining armour for germany after the war . 
  lots of war crimes comitted by the allies . 
  as far as i recall the us fought quite a few more wars than russia . 
  the us just happens to kill brown people instead of white people . 
  you should stop watching fox news and start asking yourself if you want to continue to blindly follow a countries agenda . 
  hint : you can still love your country and criticize it at the same time without turning into a commie . 
  my countrymen won wars long before your country was even founded , boy . 
  let me just quote this from someone else in this thread . 
   the marshall plan is not proof of the allegedly generous help that germany received from the us after the war :  at the potsdam conference , the allies decided that germany should pay at least $ 20 billion in reparations . 
  the actual value that was harvested is hard to determine precisely but most probably higher . 
  of the western allies , the us alone took german intellectual property ( patents , copyrights , trademarks , designs etc. ), 
  estimated to have been worth $ 10 billion . 
  the us also used forced labor by german pows as well as german civilians as a reparations policy . 
  furthermore , the us paid itself from the germans for the ongoing cost of occupation of about $ 2.4 billion per year . 
   after the implementation of the morgenthau plan ( forced deindustrialization , confiscation of production , trade embargo etc. ), 
  in 1945 and the subsequent mass starvation in the western zones of occupation , soon germans even in the soviet ( ! ), 
  occupation zone were doing better . 
  in 1947 , this was recognized as a problem and germany receiving some of the marshall plan 's loans as a solution . 
  of the marshall plan 's overall sum of $ 17 billion , germany received $ 1.4 billion starting in 1948 . 
  in 1953 , it was decided that germany was to repay $ 1.1 billion of the marshall aid it had received . 
  the us is dangerous enough for this world . 
  on the same level as russia . 
  our countries just happen to be allies . 
  if that was n't the case i would n't see a difference between russia and the us . 
  so what ? 
  if it was up to me american occupation of germany would stop today  70 years is more than enough . 
  you really think the world and especially europe must worship the us for their accomplishment of peace in the world right ? 
  newsflash : according to most of europe the us is the most warmongering nation on this planet . 
  america has no friends . 
  just partners and enemies . 
  thanks . 
  someone has to give those people a reality check . 
  not only did you get every penny back you also took german technology which was superior to us technology . 
  also the marshal plan was n't for germany alone . 
  also the greek bailout when adjusted for inflation is already worth more than your glorious marshal plan . 
  the reason germany got back on their feet was hard work and not american money . 
  i know it 's hard to believe for brainwashed us peasants but that 's reality buddy . 
  they already got 360 billion . 
  why do n't you try to inform yourself before talking crap ? 
  almost 400 billion euros . 
  i 'd call that generous . 
  especially if you consider how many countries in equal or worse shape than greece paid up . 
  please educate yourself . 
   look , our plan was to turn germany into an agrarian country . 
  sure because you stole all the factories and scientists . 
  nazi scientists . 
  your moon landing was build on nazi sweat . 
  i hope you realize that . 
  lol . 
  i usually think american comedians are pretty dull and boring . 
  but this is gold . 
  greatest humanitarian act of all time , haha . 
  after that joke where obama got the nobel peace award this my favourite . 
  figured an / s was n't necessary . 
  seems like it was . 
  if i went there as a german i 'd probably get lynched by some angry mob . 
  can just agree . 
  the work market is a mess here nowadays . 
  my last employer gave me 3 part-time contracts with a below average wage . 
  so every 6 months i had to go to the unemployment agency to get me listed , have talks with them . 
  just for my employer give me another 6 months contract in the end ( usually on the last day which is legal for them to extend the contract ) . 
  only time i got offered a full time employment was a company who only wanted to pay me 60 % of the regular wage my job usually makes . 
  when i said that the wage was too low for me to support my family they just said `` well better than being unemployed is n't it ? '' . 
  feels like they are trying to form a work society similar to the us where you are always afraid of losing your job and ca n't even plan further ahead than a couple of months . 
  thanks alot for taking the time and clearing this up for us . 
  this makes statements of quite a few eu officials including our german finance minister seem blatantly exaggerated . 
  it seems weird to me that if the conditions are that similar they did n't come up with an agreement . 
  smells alot like both parties in the end were too stubborn to give in an inch further . 
  at the cost of the greek population . 
  and that makes me sad and angry at the same time . 
  this seems so anti-eu that it does n't even comply with anything the eu is supposed to stand for . 
  what a vicious cyrcle we moved ourselves into ... as i said i 'm no economist and therefore ca n't say how everything plays out . 
  i wonder if there 's some sort of middleground where wealthier countries like germany could carry more of the responsibilities without hurting countries like finland ... from my non-economic point of view it feels like if we did n't fuck things up 5 years ago we could have turned this around in a much less harmful way . 
  for a short period of time it felt like the eu and therefore europe as a whole moved much closer to each other . . 
  i personally would be devastated if this all fell apart ... 
  really ? 
  i did not know that . 
  can you find this online aswell ? 
  i would be very much interested in seeing this . 
  that 's a major let down . 
  after all the fuckups of the past couple of months or even years it has come to a decision where the outcome is bad for greece no matter what . 
  what a shame . 
  there should n't be a blame game to begin with and if it appeared as if i was playing it i 'm sorry did n't intend to sound like that . 
  i guess were on a similar page here regarding this . 
  with all the media shitstorms and public outcries people tend to forget how the eu was meant to be and intended to work . 
  that is one reason why i ca n't understand how we let banks have that much influence on our diplomatic relationships . 
  if we realize that our southern brothers and sisters of the eu need help we got to help them out . 
  and vice versa . 
  and not try to wage a war on public opinion to stir up shit so no one in the eu likes the other one anymore . 
  the intention of the eu is exactly the opposite . 
  fucking money man ... always that printed paper . 
  no idea i 'm no economist . 
  anything that helps greece back up on their feet so we can stop pumping money into greece is fine . 
   first and foremost : the greek population is completely unable to decide on this topic as it is horribly complex . 
  exactly which is why it is reckless to even do it like this . 
  besides i do n't see this ending well with either option . 
  it 's just too late . 
  i was hoping both sides would have compromised way before it came down to this . 
  syriza should have just said `` ok we 're going to push for those reforms right now '' and the eu/troika should have given a big debt relief/cut or even offered to erase the debt once greece is able to support itself again . 
  anything less is bound to cause trouble again .
