  the fact you do n't realize that it 's the companies that benefit and not the worker class speaks volumes about your understanding . 
  yeah i know that . 
  but what does that in fact mean ? 
  it means that we will pay as soon as greece defaults . 
  so whats the solution here ? 
  pumping in more money ? 
  surely not . 
  having reforms ? 
  wo n't happen with a greece government who literally said they did n't believe in those reforms . 
  we are sitting on a timebomb here and with every euro that flows into greece that bomb grows bigger . 
  and it 's a matter of time before it detonates . 
  because greece is a failed state . 
  i know it 's against reddit hiveminds opinion to speak it out this clearly , but that 's what it is . 
  we could devalue the dm unlike the euro . 
  and no i do n't think it will be just like it was before the euro . 
  i think we should swallow this bitter pill and get our dm back . 
  even though it will be shitty at first , none of those `` poor ez countries '' could use us as a scapegoat anymore and we would n't have to pay for bailing out failed states . 
  basically i wished we would have taken the british path . 
  the ez has failed . 
  that 's the first thing we need to realize . 
  it did the exact opposite of what it was supposed to do : bring europe together . 
  it did n't in fact the greeks hate the germans more than they did before the euro . 
  and the other way around it 's the same . 
  and everyone blames germany because apparently we hold down powerhouse economies like greece so the euro stays weak and our companies export more . 
  now that is a populist opinion . 
  and not getting rid of the euro . 
  how could we help you here ? 
  you people do n't realize that germans , just like italians are stuck with those problems . 
  it 's not our fault it 's not your fault . 
  it 's the fault of our politicians . 
  that 's why dumb statements like `` stop playing the victim , germany '' are blatantly ignorant and are no help at all . 
  it 's like me saying `` stop being corrupt italy ! '', 
  you obviously have no idea how life was when we actually had the dm . 
  did i even mention greece at all ? 
  no i did n't . 
  in my opinion we should just leave the euro and say fuck it , the ez can look for a new scapegoat while we watch as the rest of the ez slowly dies . 
  leave the sinking ship while we still can . 
  because if it fails everybody will blame us anyway . 
  if we leave and it fails we probably still get blamed . 
  but the outcome of option 2 is much more favourable for us . 
  you realize that we , the german working class , basically make 30 % less money because of the euro ? 
  we are victims of the euro . 
  pays declined for us instead of rising , housing is the most expensive it ever was and having a child for young people is basically not affordable if you do n't have 2 great paying jobs and manage to get housing . 
  the winners of the euro in germany are the companies and not the working class . 
  the companies are making more and more money while the working class is not improving at all . 
  even our health care is providing less and less . 
  please people get this through your thick skull . 
  people talking again who have no clue what life in germany was with the d-mark . 
  hint : for the general population it was a better life . 
  we got 30 % more out of our money and we did n't have to pay for ungrateful shitholes that seem to think germany is the core problem of the ez . 
  and no , unemployment was not significantly higher than it is now . 
  especially if you consider all the mini-jobs and low paying shit jobs that rig this statistic anyway . 
  ( did n't have that during d-mark times ) the thing that has changed with the euro is that companies make a shitton of money more than they did with the d-mark . 
  and if you think that money will `` trickle down '' eventually or that the working class profits off those exports you are mistaken . 
  this is scary because i just talked to my cousin and she told me about the public forum their city held yesterday and one mother said she was on a walk with her dog and her daughter and one refugee actually harassed them and took off his clothes . 
  they called the police and wanted to file a complaint about this incident but the police just said `` well we are sorry , but this is something you will have to deal with for now . 
  we ca n't do anything about this . '', 
  this is fucked up . 
  i ca n't comprehend how they are not able to do anything about it . 
  not sure about that . 
  i was just quoting a general statistic . 
  it might be that families arrive in different places than europe . 
  i just know that we have 50 million refugees worldwide and that the majority of those refugees are in fact children and not men . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  i live in a little town with a refugee home . 
  we ( luckily ) did n't have any incidents so far besides that one time one broke into a family home and threatened a mother and her daughter with a knife . 
  nobody was hurt and that guy was arrested shortly after . 
  how does the general swedish population feel about those issues ? 
  i know that my cousin who lives in a city with 900 refugees is having quite some difficulties . 
  she ca n't even let her 2 daughters go out on the streets alone which is sad by itself already . . 
  in german the word would be vetternwirtschaft . 
  basically means cousin economy as in you favour your relatives and friends over your average joe kind of person . 
  is malm\u00f6 really that bad ? 
  i always hear swedes shitting on the city . 
  sweet !, 
  wasnt very happy with the whole ferry thing going on . 
  ca n't wait for this tunnel to finish . 
  around 50 % of refugees worldwide are children . 
  about 25 % women and 25 % men . 
  well there was n't much of a choice i guess . 
  i do n't really remember but from what i 've been told i had quite alot of pain because i could n't pee anymore . 
  and since peeing is kind of mandatory they did n't have much of a choice other than a circumcision . 
  not sure if there are new ways to treat this nowadays though . 
  this was 20 years ago . 
  on a side note i 'm quite happy this did n't happen during puberty . 
  or willy would have tried to free himself . 
  happened when i was like 5 years old . 
  not sure if people are aware but what can happen is that your foreskin grows shut ( as in sticks to your tip ) . 
  so you ca n't pee anymore . 
  i guess the medical term is a phimosis . 
  happened to me . 
  so they set willy free , 
  that 's sad . 
  i always wanted to visit sweden ( and still will regardless ) but did n't even know these problems existed . 
  when i think back a couple of years sweden was always praised as europe 's utopia . 
  and today it 's either a great place or a social mess . 
  i need to go there and see for myself . 
  well if you ask me this only creates racism ( on both sides ) to begin with . 
  sounds like it plays out like the immigrants can basically do what they want because they wo n't be deported anyway and natives probably feel betrayed by their government do n't they ? 
  that 's what i would imagine atleast .
