  not you . 
  you 're not german . 
  had french for a year ... 
  i could have picked dutch instead of french and i should have done it . 
  a year wasted on that language ... 
  scroll, 
  except when you are faced with good arguments and you shy out of the conversation . 
  let me rephrase that : isds ca n't overrule national laws but it sure as hell can cost alot of money for countries who pass laws that might limit or dimnish the profits of corporations . 
  and isds can rule stuff that wo n't be ruled again in a second court ( i.e. 
  a national court . ), 
  also for saying almost everything i said was wrong you picked one point i made . 
  what about the others ? 
  and to be quite frank isds can be pretty ugly and you know it . 
  that 's why we do n't want it here . 
  so why argueing that `` it is n't as bad as you think '' . 
  because the german population does n't benefit from ttip . 
  the concerns that i can think of off the top of my head are : - isds courts - constraint of national sovereignity - so called `` treaty shopping '' - lack of transparency - the fact that isds 's results ~ ~ can overthrow national laws ~ ~ ca n't be contested through national law . 
  overall ttip is just pretty shady and if you look at things like nafta you can only be very careful with this . 
  it was intended to put more money in the pockets of corporations . 
  i do n't see my life improving with ttip . 
  sorry for having an opinion . 
  the fuck are you quoting . 
  i never typed that out . 
  the football club was just an example of how common immigrants are here . 
  if you actually believe to assimilate into our society immigrants need to give up their cultural identity you are mistaken . 
  and i live in a small village and we have a refugee home here so your argument is invalid . 
  and if you seriously think east germany is better at integrating immigrants we should talk about pegida should n't we ? 
  in the east people joined them . 
  here people opposed them . 
  besides that i doubt there is much difference in the degree of integration between west and east . 
  that 's not what my point is . 
  my point is you said that immigrants need to assimilate and we germans ( who did n't invite them [ your very own words ] ) do n't have to do anything . 
  either you are ignorant or you do n't have to deal with alot of immigrants over there . 
  people should embrace their differences and not go to pegida demonstrations because some people are brown instead of white . 
  i doubt you run nearly into the same amount of immigrants as you would here in nrw . 
  we have football clubs of entirely turkish descent here . 
  the point is this : immigrants and us native germans both must be open for integration otherwise this wo n't work . 
  there 's no one way road for either of us . 
  what ? 
  never heard of that . 
  could you source that up ? 
  the thing is this young germans who usually still live with their parents register as `` arbeitssuchend '' instead of `` arbeitslos '' so they are not in those statistics . 
  the only difference besides that is that you do n't get welfare but they would n't anyways since they mostly still live with their parents . 
  ca n't have it all , right ? 
  `` your fault if you park your jaguar right under a fucking tank . 
  gtfo '', 
  you see a bunch of military vehicles . 
  also saw a tank being transported on a autobahn once . 
  of course was n't driving but still . 
   is that , thanks to the prevalent post-ww2 mindset there , rather large segments of the german population want nothing to do with the military whatsoever , and have zero support for any sort of increase in spending for it . 
  can you really blame us ? 
  or for the matter of fact europe as a whole . 
  we are not the us . 
  we do n't make shooting guns a national tradition . 
  we do n't like war . 
  we know what war causes on a domestic level . 
  that 's something that the us will never find out . 
  and you better pray you will never have to . 
  not sure if you are aware that our military has still restrictions as in how many soldiers we can have etc. 
  so no we ca n't just hire a shitload of military service men and send the americans/british/french home . 
  on a side note it 's hilarious when americans cry that europe should defend themselves and not with `` their '' tax money while ( atleast germany ) is n't even allowed to . 
  70 years of occupation . 
  free us world :(, 
  or that german born turks are considered german under the law . 
  not sure if intended but there 's an expression for exactly this type of person in german : aalglatt . 
  literally translates to eelsmooth . 
  and yeah merkel gets called that quite alot where i live . 
  of course you are from saxony . 
  how many immigrants pass your way on a daily basis ? 
  indeed . 
  not your inferior us bullshit carrots that give you cancer . 
  unfortunately the vast majority of people are n't paying attention to what is happening . 
  that 's why it 's tenfold as important to make your voice heard and get involved in politics as much as we can . 
  do n't let some internet trolls get at you for having a backbone . 
  those people clearly are lacking courage themselves and want to drag you down . 
  stay strong brother !, 
  atleast we will be able to tell our grandchildren we did n't close our eyes and put in efford to change this . 
  and i 'm saying if i go my local supermarket and get my ingredients for my supper the quality is better as if i went to a local supermarket in the us and get my ingredients . 
  and that 's exactly what i experienced when i did that in both countries . 
  it 's quite funny that you tell me i 'm wrong when i experienced exactly that . 
  not really . 
  i prepare my food here aswell . 
  i do n't think you 're clever enough to comprehend that i 'm talking about food quality and not the dishes themselves . 
  we do n't have your bloody a&p and le bernardin stuff here so your argument that the quality is the same everywhere around the world is beyond stupid . 
  the fact that you are talking about fast food chains makes me think you 're an idiot . 
  yeah there was a fast food restaurant every 100 meters almost any place in the us i 've been to . 
  but i usually prepared my own food when i was in the us , or in case when i was with the family they were cooking . 
  the cordon bleu i was talking about also was n't in a fast food restaurant . 
  it was an actual restaurant in ft.lauderdale . 
  as i said i 've been to the us several times already . 
  three times to be exact and i 've spend quite alot of time over there buddy . 
  i actually even lived with an american family in michigan/wisconsin for a couple of months . 
  enough to give me a general idea of the food quality . 
  i 've also tasted food of the same brand by the same company in the us and in germany . 
  and the general quality of the food was better in germany/netherlands/france . 
  note i 'm not talking about the dishes i had , i 'm talking about the quality of the food . 
  ( had good dishes and bad dishes in every country i 've been to . ), 
  i completely agree with you here . 
  i am strongly opposed to isds 's for the exact same reason . 
  this just happens to boost corporate profits at the cost of part of a country 's autonomy .
