  the talking dumpsters were another place right ? 
  sauerkraut with kassler and mashed potatoes . 
  love that meal had it thursday . 
  thank you . 
  that is what i 'm talking about . 
  and yeah you can argue it was never legally binding but if we know one thing it is that putin is n't a rational person . 
  also this just gives him reason to justify crimea and east ukraine in russia . 
  thanks will do so from now on , 
  dude have n't you read what i wrote ? 
  i 'm at work still . 
  besides reading comment sections i ca n't do anything with my mobile internet . 
  in about 2 hours i will source this up . 
  sorry i thought it was just a geographical term which still is a thing when it come to ireland . 
  as in political its own country but geographical still considered part of britain . 
  good to know it 's false . 
  thanks for clearing this up . 
  there was such an agreement . 
  just because you claim it is n't real does n't make this less true . 
  i 'll source it up once i 'm home . 
  currently at work . 
  and yeah fall of the eastern bloc was a good thing i agree . 
  yeah england , scotland ? 
  or what have i missed here ? 
  the agreement was that the soviets let go of their satellites and the nato wo n't expand eastward any further . 
  we broke that agreement already and when ukraine wanted to rather go west ( eu , eventually nato ) putin freaked out . 
  we are n't innocent in this conflict . 
  if you want to have global hegemony you better pay for it yourself . 
  my employer pays my taxes for me . 
  how can i make him stop doing that and instead make him pay me my wage with taxes still included ? 
  seriously though . 
  your average joe german ca n't even hold back taxes even if he wanted to . 
  here in germany there 's this theory of the kanzlerakte . 
  it is supposed to be a document which every kanzler has to sign when he takes the office and it basically makes him/her a puppet to the us . 
  our spiegel even took on this story once if i recall correctly . 
  if i disappear you know this is true . 
  same over here . 
  did they send me daughters ? 
  when i asked for sons !, 
  i love irish folk music and being german i strongly relate to irish alcohol consumption . 
  it 's the number 1 place together with ~ ~ the rest of ~ ~ britain i want to visit in europe . 
  went to an irish pub here in germany a couple of times and greatly enjoyed the fact that there was live irish music . 
  the non-carbonated beer was weird at first but quite enjoyable . 
  the bar owner told me live music a common occurence in pubs in ireland aswell . 
  can someone from ireland confirm this ? 
  never called it anything but ireland . 
  me confusta . 
  normal time for me . 
  especially over there it got dark at 6.30 pm so we wanted to have as much sunlight as possible . 
  the thing is europeans make fun of each other at every opportunity aswell . 
  this is just european culture . 
  almost every nation has this in common , sweet little stereotypes . 
  most americans tend to take those jabs as an insult to the greatness of the us which confuses europeans because it 's nothing unusual for us . 
  the only war europe still fights is every 4 years during the european football cup . 
  fuck i love modern europe . 
  the alpha and the omega of bread spread products . 
  beautiful . 
  that 's how i view europe aswell . 
  in a sense we are all brothers and sisters . 
  if only oue politicians would realize this and stop trying to divide us . 
  that must burn as much as the gympie gympie plant . 
  ouch . 
  yep . 
  that would work i am 100 % certain . 
  you just have to use proper german grammar and language . 
  a sign written in german without any mistakes in a foreign country is highly intimidating for german tourists . 
  german here . 
  was in the dominican republic for a week recently . 
  majority of other tourists in our hotel were ` muricans , spaniards and the french . 
  pools opened at 9am . 
  we went to get breakfast at 7am every day . 
  the pool was littered with towels reserving spots every morning . 
  not german exclusive . 
  seems like other nations adapted and like to blame us now because it was a genius idea . 
  i loved that show even though it was kinda sad . 
  someone accidently posted this here instead of in r/european and is now pretty surprised about the lack of circlejerking . 
  the schr\u00f6der era did great damage to them . 
  besides that a groko is so much more damaging as if we actually had an opposition that could do something instead of seeing cdu ruling this country while the spd is slowly nodding their head . 
  thanks alot for the kind words . 
  it 's kind of a hard situation for me on reddit because people tend to think i agree with everything going on in germany which is not the case at all . 
  thanks alot . 
  i wish you the best aswell . 
  i understand that . 
  but the fact is that we are all victims of the euro . 
  even germans . 
  if you like to admit it or not . 
   so if we agree , then you can understand how pissed people are when germans say `` we are victims of the euro '' and `` you got youselves into that mess , you can get out '' . 
  people are pissed at germany , and people get even more pissed at germany when they realize merkles aproval rating gets higher the more she pushes for punishing greece . 
  that is a result of our brainwashing media in germany , sadly . 
  and that is a problem in germany for itself . 
  it even already has a name in germany `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' . 
  you see german wages are a joke for the living cost really . 
  my wife and i ca n't even afford to get a home ( rent or buy ) to build a family and that is with 2 full-time jobs . 
  the germans know this and it 's a topic . 
  germans are outraged because our euro does n't buy as much as the dm did . 
  so what did our government and media do ? 
  blame it on the greece and the ez because the euro is weak because of them . 
  that this is n't true is obvious but it kind of explains why your average joe german thinks this way . 
  but that 's how our media spins this topic around . 
  that does n't mean that every german thinks like this , as you can see for yourself when talking to me . 
   that could be something a greek person said to a german person , and that 's my point .
