  i did n't understand this either . 
  i mean there is a youtube video without subtitles or anything showing nazis throwing stones . 
  that post stays while a post showing a different perspective e.g. 
  radical refugees rampaging in a shelter and that gets censored ? 
  either you delete both videos or neither . 
  there is no inbetween . 
  i do n't like the fact that people are trying to hide one side of the story from us . 
  keep both posts , let the discussion evolve and ban racist/xenophobic/insulting users . 
  that is the moderators job . 
  not deleting one side of the story . 
  seems like the mod changes did n't change much when it comes to pointing the masses to the `` right opinion '' . 
  ca n't we think its disgusting nazis are throwing rocks at refugees and condemn rampaging refugees aswell ? 
  please do n't try to tell me what i should or should n't form an own opinion on . 
  except the soviets won the war . 
  besides that the us is responsible for the current refugee stream because you bombed the shit out of innocent civillians . 
  a nation of war criminals talking shit about modern day germany is hilarious . 
  thanks for proving once again how brainwashed and ignorant you guys really are . 
  i 'd rather send them to the us because they hold almost all of the blame why people are fleeing in the middle east . 
  fortunately we do n't have a desert up on our doorstep to let those refugees march in and kill them , right ? 
  if that were to happen young skilled germans will leave aswell . 
  source : relatively young skilled german . 
  if this is the video of the refugees tearing apart a refugee home in germany while screaming allahu akhbar because some guy tore apart the quran : yesterday there was a post on here about this . 
  ca n't seem to find it . 
  all i 'm saying is if you accept posts about rampaging nazis you should n't delete the ones about rampaging refugees either . 
  will you guys take me in as a refugee eventually ? 
  if you are willing to attack people like this over religious reasons and then even attack our police force when they are trying to clean up this mess you do n't belong in this country . 
  that 's my humble opinion . 
  it took great damage and you wont go to germany and people are going to be like `` this is prussian '' . 
  as i said to someone else already there are still cultural remains of prussia . 
  be it the uniforms at sch\u00fctzenfeste , our beloved pickelhaube which you see here quite often at cultural events or even soccer clubs named after prussia . 
  it 's not gone , it 's also not obvious if you have no idea what prussian culture is about . 
  but it partly got preserved . 
  it 's not like bavaria where the bavarian culture is omnipresent . 
  but if you keep your eyes open there is some left . 
  also our bismarck towers are still a thing nowadays . 
  quite impressive that they survived 2 wars . 
  it does n't help that you never hear about the fact that prussian culture is not completely gone . 
  because germans especially younger ones just take it as regional german culture . 
  alot of it comes from the prussian culture though . 
  i did n't say it was alive and well . 
  i said there are still cultural [ remains ] ( http://www.schuetzenverein-berleburg.de/fileadmin/_migrated/pics/foerderkreis1997.jpg ) . 
  it 's quite funny that you want to tell me prussian culture is completely dead while i live here and experience part of it atleast twice a year . 
  have you went to local cultural events in towns in places that used to be prussian ? 
  you might recognize uniforms and all sorts of cultural remains . 
  just saying . 
  borussia dortmund , borussia m\u00f6nchengladbach are two really successful german soccer teams . 
  borussia means prussia also there are clubs like preu\u00dfen m\u00fcnster which still have that name . 
  enjoy your stay , grab yourself a brezel and a beer . 
  certainly not funny for you my dear austrian friend . 
  besides that yours was lame aswell . 
  goes to show that you guys are just a german ripoff without an own identity anyways . 
  [ austrian home improvement culture ] ( http://i.imgur.com/buryusu.jpg ), 
  my family is from west prussia though . 
  i would post a funny culture picture about austria aswell but you do n't have anything like that to begin with . 
  prussian ancestry here too . 
  yup people tend to forget theres also other german culture left . 
  like ours . 
  what a bummer . 
  kangaroos in austria would be awesome . 
  says the spanish inquisition . 
  well homosexual women pleasuring each other at a gay pride parade does n't fit into your `` evil-conservative-muslim-hellhole '' picture of turkey does n't it ? 
  `` that 's why you do not cross the street into the bad neighborhoods , billy !! '', 
  we have a deal !, 
  seriously though those aldi-dispensers are better than some actual bakeries over here . 
  and dutch cheese is a absolute different level than ours . 
  it 's ridiculous that cheese can have a difference of quality that much just 20 kms apart . 
  my uncle lives only 5 minutes from limburg and he goes over there once a week , every week . 
  saturday i was watching bundesliga at his home and my aunt put cheese bites ( cheese chunks with a grape or other fruit on top fixed with a toothpick ) on the table . 
  they went over there this very day to get the cheese and it was so smooth that the toothpick barely stuck in the cheese . 
  it tasted so freaking good ... 
  i ca n't stress enough how good dutch cheese is . 
  yes it was the python !, 
  haha . 
  could n't remember the name . 
  i will have to give my mother a call and ask if she knows where it is . 
  we moved twice before i moved out of my parents house . 
  would be a bummer if that picture got lost over the years : / you could see my dad having a blast and young me sitting right beside him screaming like i 'm being slaughtered . 
  yeah should n't be surprising . 
  we love you guys over there and while everyone over here drives over to get coffee and cheese alot of dutch people come over here for bread . 
  i love living here . 
  i just regret picking french over dutch in school ... 
  that must have been 15-20 years ago . 
  there was also a rollercoaster with loopings that our phantasialand did n't have . 
  the picture of me and my dad in that thing was so hilarious that it was the one and only rollercoaster picture we actually ever bought . 
  thinking back we visited the efteling quite often with my cousins and family . 
  i need to visit again . . especially since i live like 15 minutes away from the border to limburg . 
  no more excuses !, 
  oh and yeah those dumpsters were an amazing feature if you 're like 6 years old and after eating your delicious dutch fries with a frikandel and the dumpster yells at you `` papier hier ! '', 
  had to be part of a school play awhile back which was based around traveling . 
  we had vietnamese , polish , turkish , russian people in our class . 
  got the role as the `` reisef\u00fchrer '' and therefore had to `` visit '' every country and taste their cuisine . 
  had to eat polish krakauer ( krakow ) sausage . 
  at that time i was not prepared for a sausage to taste like that . 
  what a ride . 
  ca n't even remember how it tasted back then because i never ate one again . 
  not from cologne ? 
  nr .1 dish before and after getting blackout drunk . 
  here it 's said to cure any kind of hangover . 
  then again they say another beer in the morning ( `` konterbier '' ) kills any hangover so i will just stick to that . 
  as a child i injured my finger with a massive splinter on that wooden rollercoaster at the efteling .
