  but i also understand that greece feels like they are under the boot of the eu . 
  the thing is this ... greece needs to harvest some trust first before the eu will loosen its grip . 
  why ? 
  because they are dealing with a whole new government who 's election strategy was bashing eu and especially germany . 
  syriza is flirting with russia also which does n't make it easier for the eu to trust this new government . 
  and you do not gain trust by trying to scam the eu into handing out money by writing a vague letter that you might change things once you have money . 
  nor will you accomplish this by blackmailing the strongest economy in the eu . 
   i 'll not even bother with the offensive loaded language , i hope you 'll one day understand that the offense you so readily take when called a nazi is exactly as valid as the offense a greek takes when his attempts at negotiating ( primarily with an argument you yourself supported , i.e. 
  alternative solution ) are painted as `` scamming '' . 
  maybe you can work this out by not trying to scam the eu parliament with a vaguely written proposal . 
  but i 'm not sure germany has n't been a nazi country for 70 years and we still get shit for it . 
  guess you reap what you sow . 
  so the `` fuck you '' was n't for me ? 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're the only one that thought it was meant to sound like that . 
  nah i do n't take offense from some internet stranger who is incapable of having a reasonable discussion . 
  thank you for your ... nothing . 
   so , your ancestors signed a treaty ? 
  fuck you . 
  you know i really ca n't reply serious to a comment where the first line already ends with `` fuck you '' . 
  i 'm sure you 'll understand . 
  have a good one oftenstupid . 
  we knew we would n't get that money back . 
  it was all over the news when the first support package was paid . 
  all experts agreed that greece would never be able to pay that back again , in fact , they would n't even be able to pay interest ( which btw they are struggling with this very month ) . 
  and it 's not even about paying back . 
  it 's about saving greece and you wo n't accomplish that by doing the same shit that has happened for decades there . 
  and that is : spent alot of money . 
  if you ca n't even properly collect your taxes you can spend all you want because you wo n't get any revenue . 
  that 's business 101 . 
  have you been paying attention or are you just another butthurt greek who ca n't accept the fact that your country is at failure here . 
  i totally agree that austerity has failed in greece . 
  but that 's because greek mentality and austerity are like water and oil . 
  they do n't match . 
  but to say `` screw it fuck austerity heres some cash , have fun '' that 's not how you solve this problem . 
  and also not by sayin `` ok guys austerity . 
  fire all gov employees , cut the pensions '' there has to be found some middleground . 
  and you do not find that by insulting and actively trying to scam the people who are trying to help you . 
  which is what greece has done and was still trying to do with the new government . 
  relevant username . 
   and if you wan na know , i think it 's very wrong to compare anyone with a `` genociding raving nazi '' as you put it . 
  that 's what happened here though . 
  yeah i said that because i must 've missed it that 's what i said in my original comment and i stand corrected that german tabloids insulted greeks aswell . 
  i just disagree with the argument that it does n't matter how bad you insult someone since an insult is an insult . 
  because it does indeed matter . 
  i could give you 10 more examples why it 's not the same but i figured you got the point . 
  no it 's not the same . 
  it 's not the same if i call you a jackass and you call me a genociding raving nazi . 
  there 's a definite difference . 
  no they are not . 
  that 's the point . 
  i guess you did n't follow when there were negotiations between greece and the eu where greece was asked to appoint some of those issues . 
  and what they did is to give a proposal so vaguely worded that it bascially meant nothing . 
  if you take money from someone you better play by their rules or do n't take the money . 
  simple as that . 
   in addition to that , you must be very naive still thinking after these 5 years that governments have actual power within the eurozone . 
  companies rule this planet nowadays . 
  and i wholeheartly agree it 's not germany vs greece or the people vs the people . 
  but maybe greece should then refrain from blaming everything on ze evil germans first . 
  then we can talk . 
  my opinion on austerity is that it does n't work as intended . 
  i actually wrote in a comment not too long ago that we should erase greece debt and have them start over again . 
  and if it fails there 's no one left to blame but them . 
  the thing is that austerity and the greece mentality do n't work together . 
  so both needs to change to make it work . 
  but that is not to be accomplished by blaming austerity solely . 
  and the greece government actively tried to scam the eu by wording a proposal so vaguely that it basically meant `` give us the money and if we can we will resolve the issues you want us to '' . 
  but that 's not how the eu works . 
  syriza needs to show first that they are capable of making this country work . 
  you do n't hand out money to a gambling addict before he finishes his therapy . 
   how do you want them to make their economy viable again ? 
  raze the whole thing and build the country from scratch ? 
   if you can them billions to pay banks back , you might as well give them better conditions to pay you back . 
  maybe start with fighting corruption and tax evasion . 
  that 's the cause for this crisis not austerity . 
  and that 's a reality the greek population needs to realize first . 
  instead of printing pictures of german politicians in nazi uniforms calling to make soap from dead greeks . 
  ok we 've got `` greedy greeks '' vs. pictures of merkel and sch\u00e4uble in nazi uniform threatening to make soap from dead greeks . 
  good to know . 
   it 's not help . 
  it 's an insufficient compensation for the restrictions that come with the euro ( loss of money creation option being the foremost ) , and private banks were bailed out under much more favorable conditions . 
  but calling out germany to be the bad guys does help right ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
   actually it is . 
  they reduced their expenses by much larger percentage than any other ipsig country . 
  it 's not . 
  also they got way more money than those countries . 
  so there 's that . 
    nope you do not . 
  but blaming austerity is like blaming a symptom and not the disease . 
  maybe you should work on the root of the problem and not the affects of the disease . 
   if the cure is worse than the disease - or even just not helping - then they are damn right to get rid of it . 
  stop the bloodletting . 
  reform does n't happen without investments , and as it is greece is not getting closer to repaying debt on its own in this way . 
  not sure where i was talking about a cure here . 
  good luck finding that country which will pound money into greece under no conditions though . 
  i do n't read tabloids so i wouldnt know that 's why i asked . 
  what i 've seen by bild wasnt insulting . 
  then again i just saw headlines like `` no ! '', 
  which is hardly insulting . 
   it 's one thing having leverage against little countries like portugal or greece ; it 's an entirely different thing to demand it to the big boys .
