  crap , sorry man the common tongue here just calls it holland nonetheless . 
  what is the state called again ? 
  limburg i guess ? 
  the rhineland dialect just calls netherlands holland : x, 
  you really hate tourists do n't you ? 
  i live in heinsberg ( 10 minute ride to ~ ~ holland ~ ~ limburg ) and let me tell you these two movies were a crazy success . 
  i actually watched the second one in a cinema and germans went ballistic over those guys . 
  couple of people i know actually drove over to see the city in which the movie took place . 
  the fact that those guys synchronized themselves in broken german just makes this movie funny as hell . 
  shit , i got ta watch it again . 
  gysi running around with a big nostalgia boner right now . 
  so german reparations for holocaust survivors were retarded i suppose ? 
  because usa already been through ww3 ? 
  thats what i was talking about . 
  nah i said this because the string of comments made it seem like you were defending the actions and trying to downplay them . 
  that was the only reason for that comment . 
  understand it now ? 
  i am not technically wrong but it is disgusting anyway ? 
  precisely . 
  and as i stated that is just my opinion . 
  unless of course having an individual opinion is something so unusual on reddit that it does confuse you . 
  i might be mistaken with your nationality but you might want to re-read the rest of my comment . 
  never said you were factually wrong . 
  i just said its fucking disgusting to defend this . 
  which is my opinion . 
  is n't it nice we 've come full circle and we germans are super-villain number 1 in europe again . 
  all that while russia invades ukraine . 
  theres only a losing side in a war . 
  no matter of the outcome of said war . 
  edit : `` i do n't know which weapons will be used in ww3 but ww4 will be fought with sticks and stones '', 
  weird how this works huh ? 
  germany comitted the must gruesome genocide of all time , we acknoledged it and tried to make up for it as best as we could and now we get less shit for it than turkey does . 
  your government should grow a backbone and acknoledge the genocide and compensate the armenian people . 
  fucking disgusting to defend actions like these . 
  disgrace to your country . 
  unidan upvoted himself . 
  i 'm pretty sure he realized this quick . 
  oh , sorry i misread your comment . 
  i am mistaken . 
  truth hurts . 
  yeah not like greek tabloids are innocent . 
  according to them sch\u00e4uble wants to produce soap from your corpse . 
  not for long if you keep pissing off the eu . 
  deutsche telekom will cut the wires and call it a day . 
  do you even understand those conditions ? 
  the loans wo n't be due till ( i think ) 2020 . with interest rates way below expected inflation rates . 
  so you basically are gifted the money to some extent . 
  and there was a massive debt cut in 2012 ( free money again ) . 
  also no one would give loans to you under those conditions . 
  we should have just let you guys default , get rid of you and let you live in your shithole . 
  but then you would be blaming us for not helping at all . 
  since when is turkey an eu member ? 
  must have missed that . 
  you should n't argue with naurgul anyways . 
  he 's a known greece r/europe troll . 
  so much he already gets mentioned in greece threads on r/worldnews . 
  pretty weird to use a satire show for an argument . 
  does n't get much more circlejerkish than this . 
  all that while you criticize that there is no rational discussion . 
  thats what i call hypocritical . 
  you both are kings of whataboutism . 
  which is not helpful at all . 
  check . 
  thanks alot . 
  will do so once i 'm home . 
  anyone i can pm once i get off work to translate me a few sentences into dutch ? 
  talking about the 2 +4 treaty . 
  tony blair ... is n't that the guy on the cover of mad magazine ? 
  as long as they do n't snitch on my visits in roermonds coffee shops i do n't care . 
  why would n't we compare it ? 
  it 's the same situation . 
  just instead of roman empire its italy now and instead of the third reich its germany now ? 
  also who is to decide in what timeframe someone can claim something . 
  the only reason people in germany are outraged is because in 1990 my parents were told all obligations regarding ww2 are done and now you guys come along and demand a ridiculous amount of money just because you missed the deadline in 1990 . 
  if they indeed have legal claim to reparations they should just sue germany just like italy tried . 
  then greece will get pounded in court and this topic is gone . 
  theres one simple reason why they do not : because this claim is 70 years old and the last deadline that was missed was 1990 . 
  til postponing payments = actually paying . 
  oh boy wait till my bank finds this out . 
  as long as greece has n't paid anything back it is free money . 
  and not until we erase it . 
  i should have added an / s to that comment . 
  also being german i do not know one single fellow german who thinks its reasonable that we should pay reparations 70 years after it happened with no connection to ww2 besides the sperm of our grandfathers . 
  time for a gerxit folks . 
  germany does indeed owe too much money to greece . 
  imagine what happens if they default !, 
   greece completely forgave germany and decided that germany deserved to be given a stimulus package and forgave all germany 's debts to greece from the war . 
  / thread, 
  i remember very clearly that when the first payment was made experts said greece not only wo n't be able to pay back the money but they would be struggling to pay back the low interest rates . 
  i seriously doubt anyone in germany still expects greece to pay back the money . 
  i for one do n't . 
  erase the debt and call it a day . 
  atleast greece wo n't be able to demonize us any further any more . 
  if that money is paid i consider quitting my job and collecting welfare . 
  shh do n't come along with facts ans reason . 
  he will be confused . 
  where are the numbers of us , french and british soldiers raping during ww2 ? 
  nobody was innocent back then . 
  and believe it or not allied soldiers were n't better than soviets when it came to rape and pillaging . 
  source : german whose family lived for centuries in the wild wild west of germany .
