  if a country possibly has to pay corporations for laws they pass because it might affect their profits i feel cheated as a citizen . 
  because those companies are basically taking my money ( taxes ) while that law might protect me from something harmful . 
  if we had that deal already before germany passed the law regarding smoking in disclosed spaces i would have probably paid alot of my tax money because my government is trying to protect me from something harmful . 
   also you guys do n't even know what a cordon bleu is or how to prepare it , yet you guys sell it as one . 
   this is beyond ridiculous . 
  just absurd . 
  really ? 
  i can show you a picture of my `` cordon bleu '' in florida . 
  it was a dish as far from an actual cordon bleu as a pile of shit compared to a hot dog . 
  social courage - indeed a hilarious concept . 
  if more people would inform themselves and participate in making their voices heard we would n't get screwed over as much by politics . 
  i was told my opinion was irrelevant aswell . 
  because supposedly i am just one average joe and not a consumer of products who may lose quality . 
  i do n't understand that argument at all . 
  i do n't care if my opinion is shared by many , i just care that the blatant misinformation spread by lads like the one you were talking to gets an opposition . 
  there are way too many comments downplaying the dangers of isds cases . 
  when there are about as much negative examples as there are good ones . 
  people need to cast their own opinions . 
  but i think it 's important to have several opinions so people actually can read up on the other side of the story . 
  i live in nrw right now . 
  it 's not about who we are signing a trade agreement with . 
  it 's about the sketchy conditions that got lobbied into that treaty . 
  he himself is strongly pro-ttip and is trying to make an edgy comment . 
  i 'm happy you have that over there . 
  unfortunately this is just a small topic over here and it seems like the awareness is pretty slim . 
  when i informed friends , collegues , family about this only a small minority already knew about this . 
  on a side note i think it 's pretty awesome that you try to stay in touch with your local politics . 
  more people should take notes from you . 
  yeah unless it 's countries like the us which are way more powerful than the eu . 
  read this aswell to see the other side of the coin : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_morris_v._uruguay, 
  he 's defending ttip and isds cases whereever he can . 
  when i confronted him with this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/philip_morris_v._uruguay he said `` i 'm not replying anymore '' and went silent pretty quick . 
  argueing with this guy is hopeless . 
  been to the us several times . 
  your food is shit compared to ours . 
  also you guys do n't even know what a cordon bleu is or how to prepare it , yet you guys sell it as one . 
  `` oh , honey . '', 
  this is my comment string from earlier you genius . 
  stop trying to feed bullshit to people and i wo n't reply and neglect all your petty arguments . 
  you 're talking bullshit . 
  checked it . 
  you say isds should n't worry us because they are genereally not as bad as pictured . 
   but suffice it to say , isds is nowhere near as bad as commonly portrayed , and it seems that the eu is particularly sensitive to this yet , when confronted with the case of morris/uruguay where a tobacco company sued uruguay for making stricter smoking laws ( while cashing millions from uruguay , which is not the richest country in the world ) you shy out of the conversation . 
  lol !, 
  of course you 're not responding anymore . 
  because morris/uruguay totally validates my concerns with isds and you have nothing left to defend it . 
  i mean a tobacco company sueing a country because they made stricter smoking laws , then bagging millions of dollars of a poor country ? 
  yeah no , nothing to worry here boss !, 
  get the fuck out you ttip shill . 
  easy to say for someone who has n't contributed much more than `` that 's not going to happen '' and `` they 're not as bad as mentioned '' . 
  yes you made a couple of lenghty posts but that does n't validate your claims . 
  in fact your claims just root from cherrypicking cases . 
  you were the one who said yourself you tried to convince me . 
  i told you my concerns and you answered with mentioned phrases which did not convince me . 
  and now i 'm pestering you because i said that your claims are just cherrypicked and did n't convince me ? 
  way to go brother . 
  how about the isds between phillip morris and uruguay for example ? 
  you 're full of shit because you just advocate one side without even bringing up reasonable explanations why i 'm ( in your eyes ) worrying about nothing . 
  edit : i do n't expect you to answer since either a ) you knew about morris/uruguay and avoided it knowingly or b ) you did n't and now you have no idea how to respond . 
  but maybe we get another post avoiding this alltogether . 
  should i applaud you for cherrypicking 1-2 isds cases ? 
  i said yes they can go down like this . 
  but they can turn ugly quickly . 
  i thought you knew about isdss ? 
  if you did you knew that it does n't always work out like this . 
  and you never replied to that ( i guess you know they can turn ugly that 's why you never answered ) . 
  if you do n't make any convincing arguments , i 'm afraid no . 
  you seem to think over 1 million german citizens fell victim to bad press for ttip . 
  when in fact germans generally do n't trust their government . 
  and if you do some research yourself you realize that there are definitely concerns that should worry a ( what you would call ) average joe . 
  of course the media dramatized this to a certain extent to actually get people to pay attention . 
  but you seem to think there 's absolutely nothing to worry about this deal which is blatantly false . 
  i asked you about the courts and all your argument is `` they 're not so bad '' . 
  i asked about the food standards and you say `` that wo n't happen anyway '' . 
  yes there 's no point in continuing this with you if that 's all you have . 
  i clearly stated my concerns . 
  you gave nothing to dissolve my concerns . 
  i did . 
  but it still does n't convince me to not worry anymore . 
  yes it can work out like this . 
  but does it have to ? 
  it can go down ugly and not like the fairy tale isds you mentioned . 
   but suffice it to say , isds is nowhere near as bad as commonly portrayed , and it seems that the eu is particularly sensitive to this yes i did . 
  it just does n't convince me if someone ( supposedly from australia ) tells me i should n't worry about isds and the food standarts because a ) is n't as bad and b ) wo n't happen anyway . 
  are you fucking serious ? 
  you are really surprised that i 'm not buying into that ? 
  maybe you can catch all the 13-year old highschool students with that but i did my own research . 
  are you kidding ? 
  all you do it telling us how those courts are a-ok and we should n't worry about this . 
  are you fucking paid ? 
  or do n't you get that people are concerned with this shit because no judge or official can oversee it . 
  you never appointed the arbitration courts . 
  all you did was telling how those courts should n't worry us . 
  surprise !, 
  they still get me worried even though some random internet shill tells me otherwise . 
  and for the food standards i will be convinced if someone who actually has something to lose over their words to clarify this . 
  because we all have seen the leaked footage and now they 're saying `` yeahhh ... there was something about that in the leaked stuff ... but i do n't remember and that wo n't be in the deal anyway '', 
  read it and i 'm not concerned with the stuff you mentioned . 
  i 'm concerned with the stuff i mentioned which you never appointed in the first place . 
  if you ask me you 're just one more apologist for the ttip with no real argument .
