  and it 's quite understandable that our government itself never admits to mistakes or shit like the bnd spying on european companies for the nsa . 
  but germany is getting a disproportional share of hate for eu policies . 
  just take the greece crisis . 
  iirc all of northern europe was on the same page as germany , some even stricter than germany . 
  but we get the shit for it . 
  it 's getting annoying . 
  especially eastern countries are getting more and more annoying . 
  shhh that 's the only explaination those right wingers can come up with why a considerably rich nation would help poor people . 
   and dumbasses like you . 
  reported for personal insult . 
  have fun reporting me for racism . 
  last time i checked the sovietunion was n't a race . 
  good luck . 
  that 's what i read here in this thread . 
  so yeah ... it 's bullshit . 
  also people fail to realize how the eu works . 
  the eu forces shit onto germany as it does with every country . 
  germany is far from a country that can do whatever it wants . 
  and all the people that legitimately believe that germany has the power to singlehandedly force foreign eu policies or make moves without the other member states are living in a different world . 
  lol i love how every argument against germany always boils down to ww2 and then `` you have n't paid enough . 
  gief money ! '', 
  poland should be grateful towards the eu and germany that we even consider building up your soviet shithole . 
  was n't even aware that r/euronews is a thing . 
  it was just supposed to be a wordplay of r/worldnews and r/europe . 
  that 's eastern europe . 
  they want to profit . 
  and only profit . 
  spending is evil , comrade . 
  they think we love the fact that we take in almost a million refugees . 
  no we do n't like that . 
  we do it because other countries do n't have compassion for fellow humans whatsoever . 
  we do it because it 's the right thing to do . 
  because helping people ( even if you do n't benefit but have to spend yourself ) is the thing that any good person would do . 
  i was n't to happy about the massive numbers coming here at first . 
  but reading what xenophobic and racist shitholes await eastward i 'm happy we did it . 
  because i would rather have 3 syrian neighbors than one person with no compassion and no will to help from the east . 
   but i guess if someone is standing far enough to the right even centrists look like leftists . 
  that 's r/europe for you nowadays, 
  wow what a wasteland of comments this is . 
  let me get this straight : germany is : - ruling over the eu with an iron fist and it 's almighty power . 
  - a left wing fascist regime . 
  - forcing immigrants on poland and other countries ( how mean ! ), 
  - personally responsible for the war in ukraine and the fact that russia is able to sustain it . 
  first time i had to double-check if i was on r/worldnews instead of r/europe . 
  time to abandon the shitshow this subreddit has turned into . 
  from a subreddit cherishing european unity and the european idea and spirit to r/euronews . 
  canada , denmark and ireland would he my top choices . 
  missed the poll though . 
  that would be a reason for me not to go there . 
  my alcohol consumption would bankrupt me and i 'd be living on the street . 
  this makes me furious . 
  what a fucking piece of shit . 
  any guy who beats of women for no reason at all or out of rejection should have their dick cut off to make them the pussy they truly are . 
  just trying to educate buddy . 
  if you already knew that makes me even happier . 
  lets hope more people read this and do some research themselves . 
  joko and klaas ? 
  if you have n't noticed that our media is heavily biased and gives us alot of propaganda you 've missed out buddy . 
  here 's a fun game : check out the `` atlantikbr\u00fccke '' and find me a tv or news channel not connected . 
  this thought already makes you a nazi though . 
  * zonk music playing *, 
  be prepared . 
  croatia is becoming more and more popular in germany . 
  friend is going next week . 
  and by the pictures he has shown me you are really in for competition with any other common travel destination . 
  hell if i knew it was that beautiful i might have skipped dominican republic for croatia this year . 
  see you next year though !, 
  fritzls family funhouse, 
  fact is europe and especially germany do n't want to end the root of the problem which is the war in syria . 
  that would mean intervening in those countries . 
  to be quite honest i would n't know what to do either . 
  intervening always seemed to make it worse when the us gave it a shot . 
  drone striking isis ' ass does n't seem to change much either ... 
  it 's a pretty ugly situation . 
  way to compare refugees to dog shit . 
  nah germany just fought the whole fucking world haha . 
  including the soviets . 
  the strongest enemy at the time . 
  talk again when you 've done more than dronestrike some defenseless afghani family you savage . 
  next they 'll tell you that you 've won vietnam . 
  keep watching fox news . 
  you have no idea what brown means in this context do n't you ? 
  brown is a slang word in germany for nazis/fascists . 
  please do n't talk ` murican . 
  on a side note it 's you 're and not your . 
  so much freedom of speech in r/europe these days . 
  `` free speech , as long as it 's my opinion . '', 
  i was raised to understand that freedom of speech is only worth as much as the opinion of the people that think different from myself . 
  that means even though it 's not my opinion i 'll give that brown scum the right to voice their opinion . 
  it angers me way more that people try to attack our freedom of speech than it does when a brainless nazi chants racist stuff . 
  if you 're offended by words europe is n't the place for you anyway . 
  but that 's just me . 
  maybe people value it more if those people are silenced instead of their freedom of speech . 
  no worries he is one of those people who need to point out everywhere that nazis = germans . 
  as if the world miraculously forgot where the nazis came from . 
  except that the post we were talking about was n't racist at all . 
  when i saw the thread last night there were racist posts . 
  so why not ban those people posting racist stuff instead of removing the thread completely ? 
  bullshit seriously . 
  this is clearly censorship because the post did n't violate any rules .
