when i as a german go over to the netherlands to get me some dank `` coffee '' the dutch people always talk german to me instead of english or dutch . 
  always wondered why they do n't just talk english/dutch with me . 
  nope . 
  reading comprehension 101 buddy . 
  you should take it . 
  if we have proof that atleast 2 people committed these crimes it 's already above 0 % so where did i attack the other 99 , x % ? 
  holy shit reddit is becoming more and more retarded . 
  we certainly should n't accept this behavior . 
  and since these people wo n't have any affect on their asylum application ( the only thing that matters to these people ) they go basically unpunished . 
  people like this need to be deported . 
  my opinion . 
  did n't you understand what my comment said ? 
  you said ( probably sarcastically ) that it 's 100 % . 
  to which i said ( non sarcastic ) that it certainly is n't 0 % and that every person doing shit like this is already 1 person too much . 
  it 's not acceptable . 
  so go defend some nazis if you 're so eager to defend criminals . 
  you tell me . 
  it certainly is n't 0 % and that 's already way to much if you ask me . 
  traditionally a world war / s, 
  the coalition that killed democracy in germany . 
  i wished we had a meaningful opposition . 
  read the exact quote of what she said and then read headlines . 
  once you 've done that you 'll realize the bullshit is your post . 
  can confirm . 
  watched lilyhammer . 
  those norwegians are pretty crazy . 
  agreed . 
  nope . 
  she said what i wrote . 
  the rest is what people like you doktor out of it . 
  she said that germany wo n't stick to the dublin agreement when it comes to syrian refugees . 
  that 's far from `` everybody is welcome '' . 
  also the borders are closed for now so the communities are given time to prepare . 
  in my city there were supposed to be 210 refugees yesterday for sheltering in a college gym . 
  our community was informed 3 days prior that those people were coming . 
  it 's a struggle . 
  and to relieve this the border to austria ( !! ), 
  is having border controls again . 
  the border is n't closed , neither are all borders closed or even monitored . 
  neither will schengen be abandoned . 
  and the border controls are supposed to be for a limited amount of time . 
  the amount of circlejerking in this thread is mind-boogling . 
  also it 's ridiculous to say `` well the world took that statement as if everybody was welcome even if you guys did n't say it '' well that 's kinda your fault then right ? 
  for spreading the propaganda of everybody was welcome . 
  i have better things to do than go through some persons comment history that made a dumb comment . 
  if i did that with every dumb comment i 'd have to quit my job . 
  anyways . 
  i recommend reading your last comment carefully again because saying that in a democracy politicians have to face consequences for their actions while saying you do n't know about germany though clearly implies that germany is n't one . 
  give it 70 years . 
  that is if you stop mass murdering . 
  but you 've been at it for decades now so i 've lost hope . 
  lol , butthurt ` murican . 
  making bold claims that are n't true at all and get pissed when getting called out on their bullshit . 
  the classic . 
  bold statement from a person that is too much of a coward to have a national flair beside their name . 
  if it was up to me merkel would be long gone . 
  and yeah i did n't vote for merkel or her party cdu since i was able to vote still she 's ruling this country . 
  so yeah this is n't a democracy at all . 
  as long as we never forgive the us for all the shit they 've done it 's all good . 
  mass murdering savages . 
  also the biggest reason people are leaving those shitholes in the first place . 
  besides i love the fact that you need to distract asap when pointed to your ignorance and clearly no understanding of the events that led up to this . 
  more popular than all those circlejerking people on this subreddit let me tell you that . 
  besides that who told you that every german was fine with that shit to begin with ? 
  since you seem to imply that merkel was popular solely because of her refugee policy . 
  wow that circlejerk . 
  ca n't do right . 
  make a statement saying that syrians wo n't be affected by dublin agreement : `` germany said they take in everyone !!!!!! '', 
  close borders for a short time : : `` lolol hypocrite nazis !!! '', 
  seriously fuck europe and fuck this subreddit especially . 
  yeah that 's not at all what happened . 
  but you 're american so i forgive your ignorance . 
  if you do n't mind pointing me towards the part in said link i missed i 'd greatly appreciate it . 
  yeah it 's sometimes difficult especially since neither of us are speaking our native languages right now ( my guess ) . 
  but i love meeting people that actually look at the situation without trying to paint a black and white picture . 
  the world is n't simple like that . 
  yes , thank you aswell , 
  sure go ahead . 
  i take every piece of information i can get  it 's hard to get a clear picture with all the propaganda surrounding us . 
  i did n't say there was no eastern expansion of nato . 
  i 'm well aware that nato went faaar east event though they agreed not to . 
  but as i said this does n't justify attacking the sovereignity of a neighboring country . 
  edit : checked out the link real quick . 
  not sure what you are trying to tell me . 
  maybe i just understand something different when you say empty moralization . 
  jabba the hut ? 
  empty moralization . 
  you say that and you mentioned earlier you 'd rather have it like putin as in `` fuck you all that 's how it is '' . 
  well that is a weird stance to take because putin is based just as much on propaganda and cherrypicking just like the eu . 
  but i would love if you gave me some examples for my governments empty moralization . 
  i mean the obvious one is the nsa/bnd scandal but besides that i do n't see much of a difference towards russia . 
  you can argue that russia wanted to secure their black sea fleet which is understandable . 
  especially considering that crimea was autonomous and russia paid rent to use it for their black sea fleet . 
  but all that shit that went down in eastern ukraine ... just as much empty moralization in my opinion . 
  `` nato is marching east , we 're taking east ukraine . 
  by force . '', 
  also in the beginning they openly denied involvement . 
  if i took that whole `` empty moralization '' thing the wrong way feel free to correct me . 
  i 'd be the first to point out the mistakes of my country and believe me there are a crapload of them . 
  but to call out germany because it somehow miraculously runs the show in the eu is bullshit just as much as claiming germany has a white vest .
