  look at france , they also need to fix their deficit but are they welcome to be told by brussels and berlin ? 
  they got called out for that several times by germany and other eu representatives . 
  we are not discussing france here no ? 
  since that comparison really lacks ground . 
   this whole thing about reparations has nothing to deal with the financial programme . 
  yeah it 's kinda of a scapegoat for syriza but it wo n't make any difference to the reality of the greek finances . 
  my point is they should focus on problems within greece which are urgent instead of trying stuff like this which wo n't work anyway . 
   the greek government is working in tax evasion . 
  you ca n't demand deep ingraned cultural traditions to disappear in a couple of months . 
  in the most optimistic view it can take at least 3 years . 
  no they are not . 
  the plans which were submitted were worded so vague that it was basically a `` this is what we might do if you give us money '' and the eu called them out for it expecting them to seriously work on those problems which they have n't to this day . 
   again the greeks know better than anyone why they are in today 's position.only a few are stupid enough to think that it 's the eurozone 's and germany 's fault . 
  really does n't feel that way sorry . 
  nothing has changed since the election . 
   greeks are only trying to go with a more reasonable approach to their economical problems . 
  so far slashing public spending has only achieved success in the financial shape of the greek estate . 
  poverty is abysmal . 
  there are malnourished children . 
  hundreds of thousand do n't have heat , electricity or medical aid . 
  emmigration is in the hundreds of thousands too . 
   what is the problem of the greek government trying it 's best for it 's people ? 
  the problem is they are trying to finance this through other nations instead of making their own economy viable first . 
  it 's a-ok to take money to make change work but if you do n't even submit viable options why would anyone trust you . 
  especially when you fall into making ridiculous reparation claims . 
  source that up please . 
  must have missed that living in germany . 
  then the greece people should be outraged about their former government to let this pass . 
  still do n't see why the euro group would be to blame . 
  if someone comes to you and says he will give you 1000 euros if he can smack you in the face you certainly should n't be outraged that your face hurts afterwards . 
  as far as i recall our media hasnt insulted greek politicians nor the people as a whole of greece . 
   he 's not arguing for special treatment for the greeks . 
  and i do n't understant why did you choose to compare greece to italy or spain , the 4th and biggest economies in the eu . 
  neither of them has a state aid bailout plan ? 
  because those countries have to fulfill austerity programs just like the one greece has . 
  and of course they do n't have a bailout plan because somehow they do n't need one . 
   the greek government is trying to shift the eurozone 's financial direction to a more growth oriented and with less emphasis in austerity which has only made things worst in all aspects ( with the exception of the liquidity of the greek state ) . 
  by coming up with ridiculous reparation claims instead of working on inner political issues like tax evasion and corruption . 
  that 's exactly the point we are spinning in circles here . 
  greece blames austerity the euro group blames internal problems of greece . 
  maybe theres some truth in both but to completely neglect problems within the country wont change a thing and will make things worse . 
  think for yourself how did greece end up in this situation in the first place ? 
  certainly not by austerity since that came up when greece was already practically bankrupt . 
   but the treatment is killing the patient !, 
  nobody is denying the greek structural problems , like tax evasion or corruption . 
  then why didnt syriza come up with a solid plan to work on those problems yet ? 
  thats what the eu asked them to do and none of the eu officials were pleased with the fact that syriza barely touched those problems but instead insist on ridiculous reparation claims . 
   maybe you should add something about corruption and tax evasion , always relevant , eh ? 
  they are indeed relevant . 
  more relevant than germany is for greece 's situation . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
   no one is forcing germany to pay reparations with a gun pointed at them . 
  not gon na happen anyway since it 's a completely ridiculous claim . 
  otherwise greece should pay reparations to the formerly persian states . 
   unsustainable and unfair laws and rules should broken and changed . 
  maybe if you feel that way you should hold the officials accountable that accepted those conditions and not the nations offering help . 
   or maybe the eu should change its policy before it implodes . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  even if greece leaves , the eurozone will never really recover if it remains `` bound to austerity '' as you aptly put it . 
  yes it is . 
  because greece is in no way more special than spain and italy . 
  if greece stays the way it is the eurozone will never recover because we 're pumping money into a black hole . 
  the change needs to happen in greece and not in germany . 
   i 'm getting sick of being accused of doing that even when i clearly never do it . 
  do i really need to start all my comments with a disclaimer stating `` of course greece is not blameless and is a fucked up country that does a ton of things in a disgraceful and wrong manner '' ? 
  nope you do not . 
  but blaming austerity is like blaming a symptom and not the disease . 
  maybe you should work on the root of the problem and not the affects of the disease . 
  austerity was brought upon them by their last government . 
  somehow people seem to think they were forced with a gun pointed at them . 
  thing is this , treatys dont just disappear after an election . 
  if they do n't want to continue , their new government maybe should stop taking money from the eu which is bound to austerity . 
  i 'm getting sick of the mentality to blame everyone but yourself . 
  it was a friday though . 
  guilty as charged . 
  went there with my girlfriend like 2 weeks ago :d but it is an awesome place for clothes shopping . 
  to clarify . 
  by cut thr debt i meant erase it since they wont ever be able to pay it back anyways . 
  i just think its worth giving the new government a fresh start . 
  nah they gave more money . 
  the debt hasnt been cut . 
  in fact greece has to pay interest this very month . 
  now i 'm scared . 
  i live like 15 minutes from roermond and its hilarious . 
  the dutch come over for bread and other food which is cheaper here and germans go over there for cheese because its better and coffee because its cheaper . 
  i genuinly love living here . 
  other than when it comes to soccer our 2 nations love each other . 
  when our soccer team won the world cup there even was a transparent congratulating us at a supermarket over there . 
  its amazing . 
  i live right next to the border and theres a fish food diner and its amazing . 
  the fish spice they use is outstanding . 
  i once bought bread over there . 
  never again . 
  aa german myself i actually have a different opinion . 
  greece should stay in the euro for now . 
  cut the debt and give them time to work this out . 
  if they still do n't theres no one to blame but greece and then we can talk about grexit . 
  right now there 's too much blood on our own hands . 
  also the money is gone for good . 
  so why not give them a new start to prove all the stuff they promised to the eu and their own citizens .
