  imo it 's a major fuckup on both sides . 
  whats supposed to happen on sunday ? 
  the greek population votes no and the eu goes `` welp , fuck ... ok greece here are your 30 billion euros . 
  unconditonally of course . 
  have a good one mate ! '', 
  this is n't a hollywood flick . 
  lol !, 
  while the us is loved by the world right ? 
  so much that planes hug buildings , 
  for me that sounds as if you 're saying everyone is responsible for their ancestors actions . 
  if that 's supposed to mean the opposite then i agree to that . 
  i ca n't say we disagree on any of this . 
  what point are you trying to make ? 
  no one is to blame but the person in action . 
  i suggest you look up the definition of whataboutism . 
   this is about comparing two defaults that were both brought about from the irresponsible actions of these two respective countries . 
  agreed . 
   and today 's generation in each respective country is equally responsible ( or not ) for the actions of those that went before them . 
  disagreed . 
  i 'm fine with a cut , or even erasing the total debt of greece actually . 
  that is , if there 's a foundation for improvement so we can greece back up on their feet . 
  anything less will cause more problems than it will fix . 
  yes to all . 
  and we 're not going to have a meaningful conversation because i 'm tired of argueing about an event i had no connection to besides my bloodline . 
  had that specific conversation alot of times already . 
  because all you guys ever do is play the nazi card when there are actual problems in todays world which should be discussed and not history of unrelated events . 
  atleast not in a news related post . 
  whataboutism is n't a great foundation for a conversation , i 'm sure you understand that . 
  i suggest you read this string again . 
  from start to finish . 
  i answered that question already . 
  also if you look who i was replying to you 'll realize that i ( as i said a couple of times already ) never compared them myself . 
  no it was n't . 
  as i 've mentioned to every butthurt person replying to this comment i was just pointing out that you ca n't compare the 2 events . 
  just like you ca n't compare portugals colonial past to russia expanding into sovereign nations today . 
  i hope that is clear enough for you now . 
  ok let me get this straight . 
  because i 'm german i inherit the guilt of ww2 and therefore am not allowed to make a point that does n't guilttrip myself ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  yeah germanys military spending was bigger in the cold war aswell . 
  good job , you repeated my point and added some buzzwords . 
  i would link you reddit silver but i just do n't feel that is worth my time . 
  either you did n't understand what my point was or you 're just trying to be an asshole . 
  you said the exact same thing as i did . 
  you ca n't compare the 2 defaults . 
  the only difference is you want to point out that an atrocity that shattered the world 70 years ago is worse than some stupid ass country defaulting on their loans today . 
  and that 's fine . 
  but do n't try to put words in my mouth . 
  i never said germanys default is justified lol . 
  neither did i say that about greece 's . 
  this is new to me . 
  this default accounts to different circumstances than solely military spending . 
  also i wonder where you got the 500-600 billion from . 
  that 's a ridiculous amount . 
  yeah you could say that . 
  if i was n't talking about the most recent default . 
  and that default alone . 
  why do you keep being a bitch about this ? 
  i was n't taking a stance here in any way . 
  i was just pointing out that you ca n't compare the 2 . 
  if you want to be an asshole to someone , be an asshole to your family instead . 
  seriously you 're way to obsessed with starting a confrontation . 
   what exactly was the point you were trying to make by pointing out a distinction between the default 's of greece and germany ? 
  exactly this . 
  the circumstances for the defaults were different so you ca n't compare them . 
  especially since they are almost 80 years apart . 
  because we germans totally avoid the fact that our nation started the war back then . 
  besides that 's not even the point . 
  thats true . 
  if you completely neglect the circumstances that lead up to the countries defaulting . 
  ca n't remember being in a world war recently though . 
  not sure if it 's different in english though . 
   in greece the system changes literally every year for years you 're kidding right ? 
  to do my tax papers in germany i literally have to buy a new software every year because the tax regulations change every year . 
  and people like my parents who retired hire people to do the taxes for them . 
  this is the same in germany . 
  hence the perceived anti-greek sentiment . 
  it 's just tabloids spewing bullshit misleading the population . 
  in reality we all get fucked by our governments . 
  unfortunately the greek population are the ones in the deepest shit right now . 
  believe it or not in germany there were people that said austerity is bound to fail even before the first payment . 
  no one listened . 
  also right now the topic `` greece refuses to pay back '' is really hot . 
  while i remember clearly that when it all started german economists said greece wont be able to repay and will even struggle with interest rates ... 
  it 's sad that it turned out this way even with all those warnings . 
  is this really a surprise for the greek population ? 
  i mean for half a decade the eu pumped money into your country . 
  last night they stopped and your country defaults . 
  pretty simple to me . 
  please if you live in germany you should know just how fucked up and twisted our tax system is . 
  yet our government manages to atleast collect them . 
  there is no excuse left for the greek government . 
  they fucked up and they will have to face the result of this mess . 
  simple as that . 
  you are so misinformed on this topic it 's ridiculous . 
  even your fellow counteymen need to correct you . 
  all you americans can do is think of war . 
  i pity you . 
  i think you 've forgotten in which country you live . 
  or this is meant to be purely ironic .
