  i just feel comfortable here and it 's just awesome to be able to reach 3 different countries all within an hour . 
  i remember my dad doing almost the same . 
  at some point we even had some album to collect the coins of every euro member in . 
  i live 10 minutes from the border to the netherlands and `` neuken in the keuken '' is all i ever learned . 
  beautiful phrase though . 
  and we 're still a sovereign nation so your argument is ridiculous to campare to ukraine . 
  i get your point but i live in germany not in the ukraine . 
  and i certainly would n't tolerate it . 
  but neither does ukraine , hence the war . 
  sorry , i was talking about the us government . 
  i understand that the average american profits zero off of this . 
  but eversince wwii the us government was fighting for global hedgemony ( e.g. 
  cold war ) . 
  i just doubt that will change anytime soon . 
  i 'm pretty sure in the case of south korea they 'd rather have us troops on their soil than north korean troops . 
  besides that it is in america 's interest to have those bases . 
  global hedgemony comes at a cost . 
   we are all independent nations serving our own interests . 
  in my opinion this is the reason why the whole idea of eu is bound to fail . 
   well i completely understand . 
  i mean , most of these governments were elected on a platform of `` austerity will save us '' . 
  regardless of whether it is the right or wrong choice for the future of the eu , no-one wants to go back and tell his voters `` oh hey , turns out we screwed up '' . 
  100 % agreed . 
  that 's even the same in germany . 
  do not be mistaken . 
  we realize that there 's a gap between northern and southern eu members . 
  and that gap , unfortunately , is getting bigger and bigger . 
  that 's also the reason why our `` media '' wants to shift away from the actual problems and focus on stuff like the middle finger . 
  it 's all distraction . 
  we 've got a relatively new party here ( afd ) which adresses exactly those problems we are discussing here . 
  and while i do not agree with their solution ( having the southern eu members possibly leave the eurozone ) i must admit that i think it 's awesome and absolutely necessary that those topics are being discussed somewhat in germany right now . 
  they are really quick to announce that southern eu members ca n't possibly compete with the northern states economically and make this the problem . 
  when in fact the question would have to be : how could we let this happen in the first place and how do we get rid of the gap ? 
  i just hope this topic stays in germany until the next elections because sadly the afd is being pushed into the right corner of politics now and that 's practically a death sentence for a party in germany . 
  and i got to be totally honest with you . 
  i hate how our government acts sometimes because i feel like germans in general are becoming the black sheep of europe again when we were on a path of coming together . 
  i think the eu is a beautiful project and we need to do what we can to protect this . 
  somehow people like to paint the picture that germans have our `` muttis '' back 100 % all the time . 
  that 's not really the case . 
  best example of that would be the nsa scandal where i , personally , felt left alone by my goverment . 
  because it was n't a topic until merkels phone was tapped . 
  anyways i do n't want to drift far off , but my point is i wished the german government would be willing for a new , young government to have a fresh start and not try to be so hardline against everything suggested . 
  i 'm no economist but i do n't think there 's no way we could come up with a compromise for the crippling debt that leaves greece in a position where options are that limited . 
   i firmly believe that if the government adopted a super-strict stance and started persecuting and jailing fat cat contractors , politicians etc they 'd stay in government for the next 100 years . 
  shit 's bad and the people are fucking fed up with feeling like a ragdoll being tossed around by the rich and powerful . 
  i agree . 
  there 's supposedly a problem with this though . 
  they say if you do this the majority of the wealthy people will pull out of the country and have their money handled by some tax paradise like monaco or whatever . 
  everytime the german left wing parties push for higher taxes for the wealthy people this is brought up . 
  atleast that 's what german media always tries to make us believe . 
  it 's the general inequality that 's building up more and more over europe . 
  also i read in a german magazine ( i ca n't confirm this 100 % though since i 'm careful trusting a single source ) that china bought a crapload of stacks in the eu and holds like a 30 % share already . 
  and when merkel went to china she was supposedly told that greece needs to stay in the eu under all circumstances . 
  and that resulted in this hardline austerity measures . 
  if that happens to be true this needs to be pointed out alot more . 
  because the whole purpose of the eurozone and eu was to bring the european nations closer to each other . 
  and right now we 're sadly drifting away from each other with more conflicts rising . 
  and that 's the exact opposite of how it should work . 
  i agree completely . 
  though i do n't really see a solution other than erasing the debt in the long run . 
  the thing is this : i feel like the goverments of greece and germany are getting more and more stubborn . 
  for example sch\u00e4uble made a couple of statements where you clearly knew `` his jimmies we 're rustled '' . 
  and you ca n't let that happen on a political level . 
  greece made some unfortunate diplomatic decisions which upset alot of people in the eu . 
  and because of that the eu and especially germany is being stubborn right now . 
  experts here said that greece not only wo n't be able to pay that money back but also the interest rates are still a struggle . 
  that 's why i feel in the long run there 's no other solution than erasing the debt . 
  i mean it is literally a crippling debt . 
  on the other hand greece will have to prove that tax evasion and corruption will be faught actively . 
  both sides will need to compromise to make this work . 
  unfortunately this has n't reached berlin yet . 
  i understand that the german government does n't want to do this because they are afraid of a cryout from other countries with austerity measures . 
  and i also understand that greece feels like they are under the boot of the eu . 
  as i said both sides need to compromise . 
  the problem is neither of those sides want to make the first move . 
  it 's the struggle when two proud nations collide on a political level . 
  i might add that i am aware that german companies profit off of this alot and i think it 's a disgrace . 
  especially when you consider that one problem about greece that 's always talked about is the corruption while germany ( under lobby pressure ) has n't signed the international anti-corruption treaty which should be rubbed in merkels face asap . 
  in germany we say this is a `` teufelskreis '' . 
  do n't have a translation for that specific word right now sorry . 
  it just means if we keep going as usual nothing will change and we will be spinning in circles . 
  the point is this : if germany keeps clinging on to austerity in greece you can pump in money all you want nothing is going to change . 
  on the other hand if you hand the money over and abandon austerity without innerpolitical change in greece this wo n't work . 
  some middleground needs to be found . 
  yeah i guess that happened because we hit a wall in that discussion rather quickly . 
  i apologize for my wrongs and i 'm sorry i wrote things that came out offensive . 
  and to give you some perspective i actually called out for a greek debt erase while loosening the austerity measures a couple of times here . 
  and i think it 's a crazy slap in the face of the greek people that banks got bailed out with the regular citizen having to deal with austerity while there were no benefits for the common people . 
  if i did n't write this stuff to you then it 's because our conversation derailed rather quickly . 
  well if you did n't get personal it would n't have gone this far . 
  i understand that for some reason you got offended when i said the greek government tried to scam . 
  i could have worded that differently but it was n't meant to sound offending in any way . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you called me a racist for every little piece of criticism i had . 
  and i had plenty for both sides . 
  because unlike you i am fully aware that both sides fucked up and need to take their share of responsibility . 
  you 're the one getting offended by facts that i brought up and then you call me a racist and try to push the blame solely on the eu . 
  you 're one ridiculous bigot really . 
  funnybot totally fucked up this time . 
  you mistake my disliking for you as disliking for greek people in general .
