  i 'm done argueing for good now because you guys are the most ignorant unintelligent people on reddit and it 's annoying to have a discussion with you guys . 
  `` never argue with a stupid person . 
  they 'll drag you down to their level and beat you with experience . '', 
  have a good day major tom . 
   so under our `` occupation '' you 've become the largest economy and most powerful country in europe ? 
  damn , if that 's true , a lot of countries are gon na sign up for american `` occupation . '', 
  sounds almost as bad as our present day `` occupation '' of japan . 
  germans made that happen not americans . 
  has nothing to do with occupation . 
   such as ? 
  the middle east . 
   you should blame your government even more for letting them do it . 
  that would be victim blaming . 
  you live in a star sprangled dream world . 
  i 'm done argueing with people sucking uncle sams dick . 
  i do n't blame you though . 
  i blame your news stations and education . 
  i blame the us for still occupying our country and commiting mass murder and terrorism from ramstein air base . 
  i blame them for still not letting us have our own history books . 
  i blame them for spying on everyone of us . 
  i blame the us whenever it 's appropriate and whenever i want . 
  i blame my government for their fuckups which there are plenty but we 're talking about the us right now are we , mr.patriot ? 
  if you want to discuss my countries fuckups find a comment string where that 's a topic and be ignorant there . 
  i 'm not talking about the gdr so stay on topic or fuck off . 
   russian socialists used to write your textbooks , how was that ? 
  yeah , that 's not true at all . 
  but if it was then the times were better that 's for sure . 
  oh you are so right . 
  i can only confirm this . 
  and everyone i talk to agrees that times are getting harder and harder even though our economy is growing stronger every year . 
   our government is n't that socialist yet . 
  we are getting more and more capitalistic instead of socialistic . 
  and it 's going to get worse . 
  that 's what you get when the us writes your school books and tells you what to do . 
  lol, 
  `` we are legion . 
  we are many . '', 
  germans in the 17th century . 
  not surprised this comes from an american . 
  you guys still think millions of people dying all over the world was the best possible solution for the second world war right ? 
  go read a historic paper and stop watching fox news . 
   i see our temporary stay in iraq as wasted and completely irresponsible but not the cause of current wars . 
  then you 'll wake up a decade or two the same way you did with iraq . 
  the times are over where lies go through without notice . 
  vietnam war - started with a lie aswell . 
  we did n't know that till we got the internet . 
  if you are behind wars , you 're a maniac . 
  if you think violence can be solved with violence , you 're deluded . 
  finally . 
  maybe i can say this now without being called crazy/a conspiracy nut . 
  quite obvious that there 's a connection . 
  only retarded people would n't see it . 
  i can just agree . 
  our government has lost their mind and someone should stand up against this madness . 
  in glorious yurop commercial breaks wait for football break . 
  in america football game waits for commercial breaks . 
  yup . 
  this and the government not listening to it 's people . 
  we are living on a bomb that will blow up eventually . 
  that wa just the beginning . 
  someone is triggered . 
  for real though , you have no arguments and you should really look up what semitic people are . 
  not just jews descended from them . 
  and being anti-semitic is n't a jew exclusive thing . 
  from the wikipedia it lists the following people as semitic aswell : arabs , ethiopians , assyrrians etc. 
  so being against those groups of people means being anti-semitic . 
  simple as that . 
  oh and by the way  not one eu leader believes what you said angela merkel sat next to , and talked to a palestinian refugee girl . 
  so she 's aware . 
  obviously she , as the german chancellor , ca n't criticize israel for their policies . 
  that 's what we have our opposition for . 
  so what you 're saying is : if someone is against israels policies they 're anti-semitic and if someone is commiting an ethnic cleansing ( some even call it a slow genocide ) against palestinians who are also semitic people by definition this is not anti-semitic because they are not jews ? 
  shit , that 's pretty racist . 
  i stand by my words in the absurdity of the situation : semitic people being anti-semitic against semitic people calling non-semitic people anti-semitic for criticizing them being anti-semitic . 
  yeah everything against israel is anti-semitic . 
  especially when it 's true . 
  i have no guilt regarding wwii and i will never have any , deal with it . 
  ca n't wait for the next decades when the guilt will reach levels where israel ca n't even play the anti-semitic card anymore . 
  will be glorious . 
  oh and by the way , there are jews that condemn israel for their ethnic cleansing . 
  guess they are all anti-semitic self-hating jews , right ? 
  lul and last but not least , let 's not forget the core issue here : semitic people ( jews ) being anti-semitic against semitic people ( palestinians ) calling non-semitic people anti-semitic for criticizing them being anti-semitic . 
  now that 's a brainfuck . 
  70 years ago . 
  i dont give one shit . 
  besides that with your israel flair i would take a look around before talking shit like that . 
  what israel is doing is ethnic cleansing in this day and age . 
  gm is american . 
  of course they were going to pitchfork vw and not gm . 
  what a shitpost . 
  europe as one nation ? 
  lol nah i 'm good . 
  they dont have to integrate . 
  they can also move to turkey if they love that country so much . 
  they wont though because deep down they know turkey is a totalitarian hellhole and they are way better off in germany . 
  so integrate , or fuck off , lan . 
  i like your ignorance . 
  yeah not true at all . 
  russia used to be a close ally to germany especially economically and they did n't annex shit . 
  they did n't annex crimea either by the way .
