  not surprised if you live under soviet rule and supposedly someone `` liberates '' you . 
  i must admit i never even heard about them . 
  but after doing some research i do understand . 
  well german national pride is practically non-existent in germany except for world cups and stuff like that . 
  its weird . 
  i wished it was different because i really love the times during world cups because people tend to get more open , connect with each other and enjoy living out national pride to some extend . 
  but i guess germany is not ready yet haha . 
  but i can be proud to live in europe . 
  europe is awesome . 
  thanks for taking the time to understand and even trying to help me out with my question . 
  just to clarify : i would win if i found a reliable source confirming or denying that . 
  i never meant to bring bullshit to the discussion . 
  i read it in an article and wanted to know how much truth is in there . 
  it sounds surreal to me and would give the whole situation a different spin . 
  but i didnt make anything up at all . 
  i just stated what i read and even made clear i read it in one specific magazine and i said i didnt know how much truth is in there . 
  it 's okay man . 
  was just kind of shocked when i read it and couldnt believe it . 
  and rather than just trusting this magazine i was asking if anyone could elaborate . 
  i legitimately just wanted to know if anyone had more info since that just came to my mind reading this headline . 
  and tbh i expected a reaction like this on r/worldnews and not here since people seem to be able to stay rational on here . 
  if it is just bild am sonntag who 's backing the source of that magazine i just fell into a tabloid trap . 
  it 's just weird since the name wasnt academi in the magazine . 
  it was constellis holdings . 
  anyways i guess i 'll just check myself after work . 
  edit : btw how does blackwater sound threatening ? 
  only thing i know called blackwater is a river on game of thrones haha . 
  actually no . 
  just because you 're that kind of person doesnt mean i am . 
  i legitimately read that in the ~ ~ first issue of 2015 ~ ~ last issue in 2014 of the welt der wunder magazine . 
  and i was wondering if that was true . 
  if you dont want to provide any further to my question thats ok but dont accuse me of stuff like that . 
  i would check myself but i 'm stuck at work with shitty cellphone internet . 
  i was raised not to be proud of being german . 
  i guess its ok to be a proud eu citizen now . 
  i read in a german science magazine that a private us company send 400 soldiers into ukraine already in march 2013 to fight there . 
  is that actually true ( since i do n't want to trust one source alone ) ? 
  from what i recall from that article the name of the company used to be blackwater or something . 
  just wondering . 
  edit : just checked again . 
  it was the last issue of 2014 and the company was called constellis holdings formerly blackwater . 
  if anyone would mind giving some insight on this rather than mindlessly downvotig i would appreciate that . 
  it 's weird that you dont get taken seriously if you ask one question that involves the us lol . 
  i totally missed it while blitzkrieging my comment . 
  of course we love them . 
  but also from time to time we invade them even if it is just for their delicious `` coffee '' . 
  and once again we saw an austrian with a weird mustache and a loud voice take over europe . 
  putin is scared shitless . 
  can confirm . 
  same with germans/dutch people . 
  we still those cheeseheads though !, 
  tell me about it . 
  europe indeed is awesome !, 
  we need to preserve it . 
  and not fight over some non-existent zero 's on a sheet in some bank . 
  fuck that !, 
  i just realized dutch rap is awesome . 
  i would n't understand much without the subtitles but it sounds amazing . 
  yep . 
  implying this was a joke , kek . 
  very original , fam . 
  keep on trying . 
  lol . 
  this is what people seem to forget . 
  my head keeps spinning from the blatant ignorance people spill on reddit . 
  also the fact that putins name is n't even on that list . 
  from what i 've read in our media i would 've sworn on my mum that he must 've been on that list . 
  who needs tax havens offshore if you 've got them domestically , right ? 
  fuck this propaganda bullshit , seriously . 
  better hope i can flair up on facebook to show how involved i am in this atrocity . 
  kappa keepo . 
  have you ever read a history book ? 
  just google for it . 
  its a fact . 
  i 'm done argueing with retards who ca n't accept facts . 
  after over 2 decades of us colonialism . 
  so i 'm still correct and you 're wrong . . 
  still liberia was a us colony . 
  anyone saying otherwise has no idea what they are talking about . 
  also i do n't see where i said that they exclusively came from there . 
  it was just a point to underline that there was in fact us colonialism in africa . 
  but r/europe is so full of retards that a statement saying there was no colonialism by the us in africa can get 20 + upvotes . 
  yeah really . 
  where do you think african americans come from ? 
  geezus are people retarded on this sub . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_liberia `` liberia , a country in west africa , was founded , established , colonized and controlled by citizens of the united states and ex-caribbean slaves as a colony for former african american slaves and their free black descendants . '', 
  liberia ? 
  edit : ca n't believe people upvote this false bullshit above . 
  if i 'm a putinbot , what are you ? 
  natobot ? 
  obamabot ? 
  ok so whataboutism is a bad thing . 
  but saying putin is lying in this interview , which is a lie itself , is ok ? 
  petty attempt to distract from the truth : putin is n't the aggressor . 
  it 's nato . 
  and it has always been . 
  since wwii . 
  haha . 
  sure . 
  and when that fat guy named colin powell came with proof of weapons of mass destruction in iraq they totally nailed him with questions and pressed him for that lie right ?
