  that 's just propaganda . 
  and america plays a big role in what happened in ukraine . 
  i 'm not sure you 're aware of that . 
  we are the ones supporting a non-elected right wing fascist government in ukraine and not russia . 
  we are supporting this government that sparked the east-ukraine war . 
  they abolished russia as a language which made east ukrainians who are historically very close to russia call for independence which got smashed with violence by that very own government we are backing . 
  now tell me again how this is so crystal clear that america is the saint and russia is the bad person . 
  tell me again how having a nato-maneuver meters ( !!, 
  not kilometers ) away from the russian border when nato said they would n't go east makes somehow russia the bad aggressor . 
  fact is russia and the us both are the cancer of this world and are sparking conflicts all over the globe . 
  the thing is this : gladio got confirmed when one of the governments politicians basically admitted that gladio is a thing . 
  there is not much room for speculation after that . 
  now do you think any elected politician would admit they got elected with a little help ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  anyone doing that is just asking for a necklace made of rope . 
  or you could just face the reality that no one gives a fuck about germany and russia/the usa both just want to get more influence . 
  how about that ? 
  that 'd be smart . 
  gladio is responsible for various false flag attacks in italy . 
  do n't shrug it off that easy . 
  they killed civilians to demonize leftist and communist parties . 
  pretty fucking evil to me . 
  in turkey they are . 
  does n't matter what gender you are , if you demonstrate , you get beat with a bat and teargassed . 
  maybe you shouldnt have your police beat women with weapons and teargassing them then . 
  if that was true , erdogan would be on a stalin and hitler combined level of dictatorship . 
  sounds like it . 
  i mean they are singing songs about erdogan and shouting allahu ackbar . 
  reminds me of the nazis for sure . 
  torture is always illegal , immoral and inhumane and we are talking about torture here . 
  no matter what you say it wo n't justify torture . 
  we are talking about torture mkay , not a fist fight . 
  there is no excuse . 
  you sure like the hyperboles do you ? 
  i could complain the same way about the us when it comes to germany but i 'm actually aware of how this world works . 
  as i said , no one is forcing anyone to be in the eu , as evidenced by the brexit . 
  if you do not want to be in it , do n't . 
  simple as that . 
  i 'm just saying 27 countries would n't be in the eu if it did n't benefit them . 
  but people do n't seem to realize what the eu is doing for them until they 've left it . 
  i 'm fully aware of that . 
  i 'm just saying everyone acts out of self interest , because otherwise the voters wo n't elect them anymore . 
  but the uk takes it one step further and act on self interest without giving a shit about the union itself . 
  the purpose of the eu is to make it a better place for everyone . 
  and i do n't know how to break this for you , but that 's how the damn world works . 
  if the roles were reversed and ireland put in the most money and germany were one of the nations taking more out than putting in , we 'd be the one with the leash . 
  live with it , or do as the british and leave . 
  your government does n't seem to want to lose eu funding though , do they ? 
  the british would n't be wrong to some extend . 
  of course this is blown out of proportion whenever it 's mentioned but if you try to look at it objectively , it is n't that complicated . 
  the states which contribute the most have the most influence and the ones taking more money out than bringing in are sometimes straightup ignored . 
   anglophobes we call them french . 
  yeah germany cherry picked the shit ouf of every refugee they could get their hands on . 
  true . 
  you only act out of self interest 100 % of the time . 
  that 's not what the eu is about or ever will be about . 
  and i 'm proud to say that . 
   we really need to just call off the whole thing . 
  `` the eu is a place without democracy ! '', 
  `` sir , 52 % of the people voted to leave the eu . '', 
  `` fuck the people , call it off !, 
  we were bluffing all along ! '', 
  never change . 
  not only nigel farage . 
  david cameron was n't any better . 
  the moment he switched his opinion , was the moment he fucked up and realized he was going to be blamed . 
  but yeah i 'm talking about mostly english representatives . 
   we may still not do this . 
  i would love to see this . 
  how many times have the english criticized the lack of democracy within the eu ? 
  ignore 52 % of the voters on this referendum , show how much you really value democracy . 
  nah i 'm referring to the decades of cherry-picking and sending people to the european parliament that are only there to disturb and talk shit , while collecting money and bragging about taking said money without even showing up as a protest to voice their doubt in the eu . 
  for the majority of the time inside the eu the brits were a hindrance for everyone else . 
  glad to see them gone . 
  denmark does n't make an ass out of themselves though . 
  also they are not hindering the eu from doing what it 's supposed to do : being a union . 
  de gaulle said 40 years ago that it 's a bad idea to let britain in the eu . 
  obviously we should have listened back then . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  did n't know exactly what those 2 years meant . 
  unlike russians in germany , unlike poles in germany , unlike asians in germany ... the list goes on . 
  why always blame the others . 
  take a look in the mirror . 
  have n't met a single turkish person that considered themself german . 
  you always have a good reputation when you 're a tourist from a wealthy country with pockets full of money . 
   the uk contributed the second largest amount to the eu [ nope . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/nol/shared/spl/hi/europe/09/eu_budget_spending/img/graph_total_payments_466x485.gif ), 
   however , we might see a prolonged shitshow if a. 50 does n't get invoked anytime soon . 
  they have 2 years right ? 
  2 years of this would be annoying . 
   mutually beneficial negotiations . 
  that 's what all are wishing for right ? 
  except it 's not going to happen . 
  why ? 
  simple , if the eu lets the uk get off easy on this , this will encourage other countries to take the same path . 
  alot of eu voices already stated that they will need to make an example out of this . 
  i also love the irony in this . 
  the germany dictates meme translates wonderful into england dictates when it comes to the brexit . 
   scotland still get eu subsidies sure they will . 
  but by then the uk wo n't be as united anymore i 'm afraid .
