  go back to your economics kindergarten class please . 
  besides that insulting someones nationality while not even having the balls to flair up yourself is pretty pityful . 
  i assume you 're a butthurt greek ? 
  do you agree that mayweather won the fight totally undeserved ? 
  do you agree that the last football world cup was just awesome ? 
  buying a mercedes with euro is hard . 
  have you tried ? 
  also nooooooooo 100 % unemployment in germany incoming says u/riightsure :( he must be right . 
  it 's in his name . 
  what did my poor father and grandfather do with the mark back in the day ? 
  such poverty :( oh right . 
  that never happened  was worried there for a second . 
  not sure what that 's supposed to mean but economically germany is doing great . 
  so keep doing it , mutti . 
  violence ? 
  lol . 
  `` lets take a new currency and just apply it to several countries and see what happens . 
  what could go wrong ?! '', 
  seriously you ca n't do it like this . 
  with different laws , monetary policies , economic strength and plenty of other reasons . 
  our leftist party said this before the euro was introduced and they were right . 
  it might work if you make a much smaller ez with countries that are quite similar but not like this . 
  especially since this just brought conflict upon us which is exactly the opposite of the idea of the eu . 
  i miss my deutsche mark . 
  meanwhile no one even knows who governs austria . 
  our media is pretty one sided . 
  there are sources for relatively unbiased news though . 
  the reasons germans are seemingly on one side is because greece tried to demonize germans for the last years and the reaction is pretty obvious . 
  the same happened the other way around aswell . 
  greece public opinion on germans is pretty uniformal aswell . 
  the opinions ( atleast the majority ) are formed on emotional levels most of the time . 
  if people were non-biased they would realize the eu is partly to blame and greece is partly to blame aswell . 
  that 's why neither party wants to back up an inch further because they both have valid points not to . 
  the magic word is compromise . 
  both need to step back a little and give in to make this work . 
  the mods should just delete cheap propaganda which just fuels the fire . 
  does n't help . 
  nah she is n't austrian . 
  most irrelevant post in this thread . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
  maybe it will be more stable if we just drop greece . 
  because it is n't stable with greece struggling either . 
  wow . 
  so if you borrow me money and i buy your house with that money the debt has been paid back ? 
  thats awesome !, 
  lets do it !, 
   you keep using words like fascist and judenhass . 
  please read this again . 
  and then correct my grammar mr. english professor . 
  even though we are having a conversation in your native language you do n't seem to have reading skills that match those of my 10 year old cousin in his first year of english . 
  that 's quite impressive . 
  i wonder if you can get any more irrational and ignorant . 
  do your worst , boy :d i 'm having a giggle . 
  you keep using words like fascist and judenhass . 
  i do n't think you understand what those words mean :d let the rage flow through you , young one . 
  lol !, 
  playing the anti-semite card already ? 
  wo n't work buddy . 
  i feel no personal guilt whatsoever for what the nazis did to the jews . 
  you 're a pitiful human being . 
  seriously . 
  for being of an ethnicity that almost have been wiped off the planet you sure as hell hold a crapload of hate within you . 
  hate which caused your own people to almost perish completely . 
  yeah that 's true . 
  it works hand in hand it feels . 
  the population is frustrated with something and the media jumps on it . 
  with tabloids striking the nerves to fuel the sentiment even more . 
  i mean how could you not be frustrated if your government literally tells you that greece wo n't need help with german tax payer money right before an election . 
  and shortly after exactly this happens not just once but three times . 
  are we still talking media or are we talking about people ? 
  two completely different things . 
  yes there are people who have criticism regardless of bilds next headline . 
  yes there are also people who are n't influenced as much by mainstream media as others . 
  that 's just normal for a society . 
  so whats your point ? 
  my point was that greek and german tabloids fuel each other with biased reports which obviously have an agenda . 
  i remember pretty clear how the greeks on this subreddit were outraged because of bilds headline . 
  germans on this subreddit said `` just a tabloid so whatever '' then greek tabloids were mentioned and the whole ordeal happened again just the other way around . 
  and now tell me how shitty media coverage has no affect on society . 
  nobody talks about xy 's relatively unbiased news article because the people like drama more than rationality . 
  also i was talking about tabloids alone in my first reply . 
  which are hardly the only media sources in germany . 
  there 's a difference between legitimate media and fearmongering tabloids which just want to try to hit a nerve . 
  after all he is a scientist and not a diplomat . 
  kinda need to be both to work . 
  you wo n't get far insulting your partners , and violating the rules of negotiations . 
  i kinda liked him though . 
  he had a plan , it did n't work out so he is resigning . 
  takes some balls to stick to your word . 
  cdu 's ( merkel party ) wolfgang bosbach said he will resign once the last bailout will get through . 
  well it went through and just today that guy was talking about varoufakis resigning . 
  oh the irony . 
  overspending is the key word here . 
  before the eu greece could just get loans up to a cap because their own currency was n't as safe as say the dollar . 
  so when they joined the eu , started using the euro that loan cap fell down for greece because banks assumed the eu does bail each other out so who cares if greece fucks up their economy . . the other 26 dumbasses will cover the bill . 
  and that worked out amazingly for the banks . 
  but to say greece has no blame here is blatantly ignorant . 
  the previous government damn sure knew they were overspending their budget and not taking in enough taxes to break even . 
  so who is to blame here ? 
  the guy who sold you a gun ?
