  if people actually think germany is an awesome place that person is pretty uninformed or just compares to shitholes in the world . 
  sure if you want to sit on your arse , collect welfare and play world of warcraft all day it sure is a great place to be . 
  surprised that germany rated itself good here . 
  whenever i talk to germans here they 've got nothing good to say about germany . 
  and england . 
   eh , she is the one in charge . 
  do you know how the german government works ? 
  she is hardly the only one in charge of how laws are applied . 
  if we are going by elections then merkel is representing 37 % of the german people . 
  and i would claim with every broken promise ( and there are quite a few ) this number would be lower . 
  that does n't make the map `` out of date '' does n't it ? 
  right now , britain has contributed no money for greece so why should the map have you guys on it ? 
  not even sure why you would post this article here , as it contributes nothing . 
  you are worrying about something that has n't even happened . 
  and probably will never happen because if we know one thing for sure it 's that britain would n't willfully hand out aid money for greece . 
  have you even read the article you linked to ? 
  atleast you guys already act like the eu . 
  that 's a start . 
  no worries , i just corrected that part where you said it is supposed to mean that i , as a german , should make germany my priority . 
  it does n't mean anything like that . 
  not even that . 
  when this song was written , germany did n't exist . 
  this song predates german unity 30 years and the meaning of deutschland \u00fcber alles in this context was , that uniting the german people was the highest priority . 
  i love how everyone always quotes ` deutschland \u00fcber alles . ', 
  not even knowing what the meaning of it was before the nazis abused that phrase . 
  thanks . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i 'm on my cellphone with shitty internet . 
  i wo n't google this for you . 
  sorry , mate . 
  edit : yeah sorry should have said that . 
  i read my post again ( because you seemed like you never heard of it ) and noticed i fucked that up . 
  and yeah i said it 's nothing comparable to nazi war crimes . 
  and you can kind of understand why it happened . 
  but nevertheless it was just civilians . 
  have you really never heard of danzig and east prussia and what happened to the german civilians there ? 
  edit : i 'm not really comfortable exploring this any longer being german myself . 
  because people tend to think i 'm trying to downplay german crimes ( which were far greater than this ) or try to justify something which i do n't . 
  ca n't link to history books . 
  but if you 're interested you might use google ? 
  not sure if you 're familiar of the ehtnic cleansing of germans by poland ~ ~ between ww1 and ww2 ~ ~ after ww2 . 
  you should be though if you 're so quick in pointing fingers . 
   i am little bit history buff . 
  i 'd like to have a beer with you and chat . 
  history is more interesting than most people think . 
  none of my friends are really that much into history , sadly . 
  well if you want to be so specific why not point out warcrimes committed by the allies aswell ? 
  that war was an ugly war . 
  and everyone had blood on their hands . 
  some more than others but nobody is a saint here . 
  not sure if you 're familiar with poland pre-wwii . 
  not exactly a saint either . 
  ethnic cleansings , attacks on the soviets , germans , czechs . 
  nah you delete them because you 're a little coward with no backbone . 
  you even created an account just to shittalk people here . 
  here 's the reply he sent me which he deleted right after . 
  your german is awful . 
  you should n't try to use it . 
  u/grab _ a_snickers :  yes , that is what i did . 
  perhaps i should suffer under some austerity for my crimes , german overlord . 
  or would you rather send me to the showers ? 
  that 's how you punish people for disagreeing with the german master race over there , is n't it ? 
  bye friend . 
  also here 's the translation of his badly written german : you should shut your mouth . 
  i do n't give a fuck what you think , my family atleast did n't murder 30 million people because we ... \u00fcbermensch ( the grammar in that sentence is too fucked up to completely translate ) . 
  kiss my ass , son of a bitch , and ask your grandfather if he 's afraid of burning in hell . 
  if the population consisted of internet trolls you 'd be right . 
  but that 's not the case . 
  the people who actually have an informed and rational opinion on this topic surely do n't comment on bild.de, 
  sure you do . 
  because all you do u/grab _ a_snickers is delete your posts once they get downvoted . 
  why did you add a german translation here ? 
  he was talking about the general population did n't he ? 
  not our politicians who own their fair share of blame for this mess themselves . 
  you seem to care way more about upvotes than having a legitimate opinion . 
  nope . 
  i do n't give a shit actually . 
  does n't matter where you are from . 
  the fact that you do n't use a flair only makes your statements even less worth for me . 
  and when someone is so enraged by someones german nationality like you are it makes it quite hilarious . 
  especially when that person actually created a new account just for trashtalking . 
  you are a hero . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about and it 's hilarious . 
  but we 'll just keep it at that . 
  from someone who actually lives here to someone who does n't . 
  btw i love how you picked 2 parts of my post , did n't even say anything more than `` nuh-uh ! '' . 
  you should be a greek politician . 
  seems like the job would fit you . 
  i 'm sorry i thought we were playing the ` ask random questions ' game . 
  no doubt it 's going to hurt . 
  but we are world champions in getting back up on our feet . 
  plus i consciously lived with the mark and i know how it is to live with it . 
  if anybody is going to be fucked it 's those countries who benefit from having a currency which is still 30 % overvalued compared to their former currencies . 
  now that makes importing cheap . 
  when the euro first got implemented is was worth half of the mark . 
  did n't take long until our old dm prices turned into euros . 
  my wage did n't double though . 
  now tell me how we , the people of germany benefit off the euro . 
  it 's the companies that benefit . 
  not us .
