  where have you got to see them perform that you can judge their armed forces to be total shit ? 
  what are you basing your statements on ? 
  what makes russian soldiers cannon fodder ? 
  yeah , they do tend to be unreliable . 
  i thought it was just worth mentioning considering the exercises . 
   source ? 
  social media pretty much ( rumours as i said ) : https://twitter.com/edward_lugansk/status/696948306723872769 https://twitter.com/kalinaimalina/status/696935677661941763 https://twitter.com/faina_ukr/status/697066303148965888 these posts are all in russian , hope you will manage . 
   do n't you think they need to finish their `` job '' in syria , before being able to focus back on ukraine ? 
  they are doing a whole another thing in syria . 
  in syria they pretty much only bomb . 
  in ukraine they have n't bombed ( as in with planes ) once to my knowledge . 
  there are mostly mercenaries or militias ( chechens and other people ) who use tanks , artillery drones etc. 
  quite different operations . 
  there are rumours that an offensive on mariupol is going to be launched tomorrow . 
  a risky game . 
  if you win you 'll be loved , but if you lose they will hang you . 
  i was actually questioning the inflation . 
  a source of that ussr did n't in fact have the number of ships it claims it did . 
  well it is a prototype after all . 
  never heard of prototypes being mass produced . 
  it 's just that they 're not behind in tech compared to russia . 
  india is building a 5th gen fighter ( pak-fa/hal fgfa ) jet in conjunction with russia . 
  expensive ? 
  really ? 
  through western eyes , maybe . 
  you do realize all the mass produced bombs that were produced by ussr during the cold war were n't just abandoned or destroyed after the collapse of the union ? 
  russia inherited all of the bombs . 
  it would take very little money carpet bombing ukraine considering the `` strength '' of their military . 
  so equipment would n't really cost much . 
  this however would mean they could claim russia a country that is destroyed . 
  it is much better to do some little action to not let them join nato , overthrow the government and replace it with one that is `` friendly '' towards russia . 
  where are you getting these numbers from ? 
  i 'd be very interested in knowing the sources , if you do n't mind . 
  do you really think russia is using most of their military ( or even 10 % for that matter ) might to occupy ukraine ? 
  considering that the government that held the gold was overthrown it is not exactly a surprise , is it ? 
  could you provide me with a source ( that is preferably not american ) ? 
  we all know that there was a very big propaganda war between these 2 countries ( and still is to some extent ) . 
  the norwegians predict cold for the next week . 
  finally this shitty winter stops . 
  that there are mobs in other countries ? 
  or that russia 's law enforcement is fucked up ? 
  which one is the `` stupidest shit you 've heard in a long time '' ? 
  russia 's police is backwards and has been for a very long time . 
  i am not going to argue that . 
  but the article seems imply that this is some tragedy , a mob attacking a person for differing views . 
  this happens all over the world all the time and try as the law enforcement might to help these people , they 're not going to be always successful . 
  many people commit suicide because of exactly the same reasons as he did . 
  it does n't matter if you 're in america , germany or russia - mobs are always going to attack people with very controversial opinions . 
  was n't vlad mobbed ? 
  not by the police but by people ? 
  free speech does n't stop that from happening . 
  article seems to be very heavily biased , yes . 
  would you call a man waving a mexican flag near the white house , wearing a t-shirt with `` return texas to mexico '' brave ? 
  is that an act of bravery ? 
  i find the title to be ridiculous . 
  in putin 's russia ? 
  do we also call articles of mass shootings in other countries like that ? 
  `` how some muslims were driven to kill people in the planned parenthood center in obama 's america . '', 
   they were n't built for stealth because they were built in what , the 90 's ? 
  why would n't you want a stealth fighter ? 
  i 'll quote / r/credibledefense [ 1 ] . 
  how many aircraft today are `` full-stealth '' ? 
  * f-35 * f-22 that 's it . 
  most planes are n't stealth fighters and they 're somewhat unnecessary as their cost is very very high . 
  10 f-35s vs 100 f-16s and i put my money on the f-16s . 
  stealth planes are not undetectable , just hard to detect . 
  i am not arguing here if the f-35 and f-22 are better than su-30sm / su-34 or what have you . 
  the point is that finland should n't buy f-16s as they are inferior to modern russian planes and should indeed buy f-35 / gripen/rafale planes . 
  edit :  really , because turkey just shot down one of their fighter jets and all i saw were harsh words and a few soft `` sanctions '' turkey is also in nato . 
  finland is not . 
   su-35 numbers - 40 su-34 numbers - 75 sukhoi su-30 - 500 wikipedia 's numbers : su-35 : 65 su-34 : 87 ( as of november 2015 , implies more are being built ) these aircraft were n't built for stealth , the pak fa is - that 's the point . 
  also could you provide me with a source that says these 4.5 ( 4 + + ) gen fighters do n't have the electronic sophistication of american 4.5 fighters ? 
   i still do n't get why people think russia will continue to be the military power they were . 
  they have the defense spending of saudi arabia . 
  it is nowhere near as strong as it was in the 70s/80s but it is still very dangerous due to its aggressiveness and the strength of the countries not in nato . 
  do you really think russia is so far behind that in a war finland would stomp ? 
  i do n't think so - such a war would be very bloody and finland would need the newest and the best technology available to protect their country . 
  so , to get back to the point - i do n't think finland * should * buy upgraded f-16s , but go for the better options that the article mentions . 
  the t-50 is a prototype , yes , and it is made to rival the best stealth aircraft today ( f-22 ) . 
  they do have other modern fighters/multirole aircraft that are a good match the american ones . 
  some examples are su-30sm , su-34 , su-35 . 
  i am not sure if you 're aware , but russians have modern jets as well . 
  russian is not a race . 
  they would 've attempted it anyway . 
  it would be a strategic disaster giving away ukraine to nato . 
  1 ) access to black sea denied to russia . 
  2 ) prior to 1991 ukraine was `` in charge '' of the soviet union 's nuclear weapons production . 
  that 's pretty damn important . 
  these 2 points make it already worth to create contested borders and deny ukraine access to nato . 
  dogfights tend to be quite rare these days . 
  bvr combat seems to be much more useful . 
  italians fascists also did not do racial cleansing . 
  mussolini even rejected the racial theories . 
  not quite sure why italians would feel guilty over ww2 . 
  what 's the source of that quote ? 
  wasting ? 
  the us benefits by : * gaining political power ( both in trade and in stuff like pushing for the 2 % thing ) * rocket bases in europe ( easier to be a superpower this way ) * the military industrial complex profits a lot by weapons being sold to european countries ( wonder why us is pushing for the 2 % , huh ) * when the us goes to war in the middle east there are countries that can host their planes , help them out with soldiers . 
  * should europe ever go to war us does n't risk losing a powerful ally . 
  * the military gets to keep its budget high and gets more funding due to this . 
  the us benefits greatly from `` protecting '' europe , why would they pull their forces out ?
