it 's a treaty , meaning it 's legally binding . 
  and what 's that worth ? 
  nothing if there is n't somebody to enforce it . 
   they have a choice in the same way i have a choice whether to go to a set trial . 
  if i were to not go , there would be negative consequences e.g. 
  a fine , same as if a member state were to not aid after the invocation of article 5 . 
  no it 's not . 
  if you do n't go to a trial the government will find you and throw you in a jail and you have to take it because you 're weaker . 
  nobody is going to start a world war because germany did n't wish to participate in avoiding the revolution in the baltics . 
  he did n't claim that nothing was reported in the media , he asked for the articles . 
  from soviet times where not being an atheist would land you into a lunatic asylum to this . 
  from one extreme to another . 
  the winter war was lost because stalin killed off every competent general , not because they did n't have the physical resources to overcome finland . 
  this is satire . 
  he is describing the `` american tourist '' stereotype . 
  wo n't anybody think of the children ? 
  how are they supposed to poke fun at ` muricans if they are fat as well . 
  apart from it being a place full of soldiers it was a lot better off than the rest of the ussr . 
  not for us perhaps , as they 're both very aggressive countries , but they 're very different forms of government systems . 
  few examples : 1 ) oligarchs did n't exist in soviet union , but in the russian empire the nobles were very important . 
  2 ) religion was banned from the soviet union , but for russian empire it was rather important ( as it was to all countries of that age ) . 
  putin already brought back the power to the orthodox church ( i 'd guess it makes people easier to control ) 3 ) capitalism and communism 4 ) there was fair bit of nationalism in the russian empire , but the soviet union ( ideologically at least , perhaps not really ) was supposed to see everyone as equal . 
  putin wants the russian empire not the soviet union . 
  the situation has been almost the same sice end of ww2 . 
  it 's just that ee changed sides . 
  even putin himself admitted that certain russian troops were operating in ukraine . 
  1 ) soviet union did that 2 ) they supported the government and fought the insurgents . 
  it was the us who overthrew them , no ? 
  what did russia do , again ? 
  martyrs were very important in spread of christianity . 
  do we risk to do the same to islam ? 
  is spread of islam in europe something we want to risk ? 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_martyrs#historical_importance ), 
  what a boring way to satisfy your blood thirst . 
  that 's mostly useless . 
  a skilled labourer is 99 % of the time better than a slave , especially unskilled one . 
  educated terrorists could be useful , but how many of them are educated ? 
  if you really wanted to make them useful , then you could give them to scientists for human testing . 
  base our justice system on our blood thirst ? 
  severity of the sentence does n't make much difference . 
  a guaranteed year sentence for a crime will prevent it more than a good chance of hanging . 
   closed societies for decades ) and all information they have about muslims are from news reports which basically cover terrorism , failed integration , muslim ghettos in the western europe i 'd say that 's wrong for older people at least . 
  the soviet union had a lot of muslims and since both of these countries were in warsaw pact , their militaries certainly cooperated . 
  i am not sure if polish civilians were as exposed to muslims as the civilians of soviet union , though . 
   kazakhstan - 70 % muslim population i 've heard there 's no crime in north korea either . 
  perhaps it 'd best not to believe all the propaganda dictators spew out . 
  soviet union did n't fall because of outside factors . 
  it fell because of gorbachev and the political turmoil at the time . 
  also , assuming rational actors is quite an assumption imo . 
  people are n't rational at all . 
   today the economies of europe , us and china are so tightly coupled that constant global cooperation is absolutely necessary perhaps i am dull , but could you explain how this stops `` empires '' from falling apart ? 
   not any more . 
  the time where grand empires and unions could fall apart was a time where globalization was not inherent in the society . 
  soviet union ? 
  what irrational belief is religion replaced with here ? 
  or maybe it 's the soviet occupation that destroyed the countries ? 
  the last link is broken . 
  from reuters :  forces would remain at a seaport and airbase in syria 's latakia province . 
  so air force remains and so does navy + obviously the infantry that protects it . 
  it 's most likely that they 've are bringing instructors and other such soldiers who helped train the saa back . 
  there are troops left there . 
  how so ? 
  if you saw a man sitting on a park bench , happily slitting his wrists i bet you 'd want him to stop , also . 
  older people from the soviet bloc ( especially men ) are far more familiar with muslims ( chechens , armenians etc ) imo . 
  considering they had to serve in the soviet military for 2 or more years with these people i 'd say xenophobia is n't the reason why they do n't want muslim migrants in their country . 
  when do n't the germans cross the rhine , though ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhism_and_violence perhaps you would n't expect things like terrorism in the name of buddhism , but it does happen . 
   weather gods i do n't know , everytime you hear about weather it is coming from norwegians . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are the weather magicians . 
  actually russians violate estonian airspace only a couple of times a year . 
  they fly without transponders quite often though . 
  i would guess it depends how many well trained troops and usable technology they actually have , right . 
  berlin is far out of its grasp unless putin 's done some miracles since the collapse of the union . 
  there 's no real way to know how many tanks and fighters and bombers they really have unless you 're some higher military official in russia . 
  perhaps they could blitz warsaw , perhaps not . 
  i am willing to bet my left ear that all these tanks and aircraft have n't been fixed since they just stood and collected rust for over a decade . 
  perhaps you 're looking to the map of soviet union ? 
  russia is far further than 200 miles from german border ( if you do n't count kalingrad , and i doubt they 'd attack from there . ), 
  actually assad is recognised by the un as the leader of syria . 
  he legally can invite people in . 
  fsa is n't recognised as a country and their leaders have no * legal * permission to call for other countries to help . 
  but might is right , though so that does n't matter . 
  israel is even bombing hezbollah in assad 's land . 
  wonder if russians have some kind of a deal with them . 
  i am pretty sure russia could n't take berlin right now even without the help of usa . 
  its military is improving but it 's nothing like it was in the 70s . 
  after the collapse of the ussr everything went to shit . 
  training was forgotten , maintenance was n't done . 
  perhaps if everything goes well for them in the next 10 years they could take berlin without the help of usa . 
  maybe . 
  i would say definitely not if germany is freed of the limitations to its armed forces . 
  nato can intervene but they 're not obligated to . 
  then why are you judging the russian military based on its performance in 20th century ? 
  how is that relevant to the strength of russian armed forces right now ? 
  by the same logic you could say that the us armed forces are way inferior to that of the british in numbers and technology , because that 's how it was in 1800s . 
  will you give any examples on which you judged the strength of the russian armed forces or just keep avoiding the topic ? 
  from past i could see you think of chechnya , where they sent their inexperienced conscripts . 
  this was some decade after the total collapse of the country . 
  i 've no clue where you have really seen their present performance other than russo-georgian war where 67 russians died . 
  in ukraine it is mostly russian funded militias fighting , not the armed forces themselves ( they 're there but usually not fighting ) .
