  they are way ahead of germany too . 
  yes like that . 
  that 's democracy combined with freedom of speech . 
  you should stop hurting germany image . 
  i do n't think you know how the hate is growing against germany in the union . 
  shrug however you wants but it is your country that harmed the union in the deepest way . 
  your righteousness wiped out the fraternity and mutual support , and i think the people wo n't believe anymore in the first goal of this union , which was mutual support . 
  i do n't think that reciprocal anymore after what you have done to our greek brothers . 
  tsipras is no superman either and when you have in front of you people that just want to see your political view destroyed you ca n't do much . 
  the germans could n't kick greece out of europe in any legal way . 
  varoufakis plan was to create an internal inflation with iou checks , which would have either pissed the ecb and forced it to lend money to greece or not done anything worse than it already was . 
  i do n't think any country from south europe saw it coming or would have let it be . 
  i 'm talking about france , italy , spain ... 
  dammit ... those revelation are shocking . 
  what is the point if she knew from the beginning ? 
  indeed, 
  but you have that cheap fresh beer to survive !, 
  50 \u00b0 c is the same feeling as opening the door of the oven and staying in front . 
  unless it lasts ... 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  science is only the things you do in a laboratory now ? 
  the indiegogo operation makes no sense since if the goal of 1.6 b $ is n't reached all the money goes back to donators . 
  meaning i could safely donate 1m $ right now and it would n't do shit . 
  i am very offended by this question , putting me in the same `` us '' as jean-claude juncker and other angela merkel . 
  i certainly feel more sympathy for the greeks , and hope they will be able to afford the best outcome , if possible by fucking shit up in the european council . 
  can we stop undermining news like this ? 
  french espionnage is pretty much rumours though . 
  us one is proven . 
  i can search muhammad as hitler too . 
  the point is it was in medias . 
  lol this statement is really something . 
  no , you are both idiots because i was being sarcastic . 
  christians would be offended to see jesus presented as hitler i think . 
  i do n't see how some people would be outraged by this at all . 
  wow !, 
  i ca n't believe it that is so high !, 
  plus that makes so much sense !, 
  far right is linked to population density of course !, 
  is that really your argument ? 
  population density ? 
  the netherlands have about twice the density of the uk and they are living it just fine . 
  but how bulgarians are any better than this though ? 
  that 's a real question here , you seem to have your judgement on how people from certain continents or regions integrate in a country like the uk , but have you looked at your country ? 
  i do n't think a lot of people wanted you in the eu you know . 
  wow the comments in here are kind of disappointing . 
  wow what kind of disgusting comment is this ? 
  i would like to know what is your scale for `` better '' origin or ethnicity , because i do n't think bulgarians would be very high for western europeans . 
  well , about 95 % of people think they drive better than the average driver for example , so that might also be human nature to feel superior to the majority . 
  that 's just hilarious !, 
  and they dare mock putin !, 
  do you have a source for that, 
  they do n't go to germany or france because they do n't speak german or french . 
  as simple as that . 
  well that is the case in arabian penynsula , which are known to practist salafist islam , and coutry under the influence of extremist warriors ( isis , talibans , boko haram ) . 
  no the case in the indonesia , india , balkans , north africa , turkey , mediteranean middle east . 
  so actually not that much . 
  moderate muslim also secretly own 3 unicorns per house and are as talented as jimi hendrix at rock music . 
  they are hiding adolf hitler in a mosque in london though . 
  hint : it 's not . 
  then again , i do n't hit children , but i certainly hate the way you people put the children on a pedestal , acting like they are just small adults , and should be treated like such . 
  our culture is to respect our elders , not to feel on the same level as them . 
  damn but who do you think you are to say who is french and who is not ? 
  you call yourself a frog like a fucking idiot , who do you think likes that in france ? 
  then you tell me i ca n't put ice in my ros\u00e9 ? 
  you freaking beauf !, 
  never heard of the ros\u00e9 piscine ? 
  the main speciality i take out of this list is definitely the thanksgiving turkey !, 
  great list btw . 
  the queen is way more a cultural gimmick than the head of state in the uk so your argument does n't really hold . 
  well it certainly is weird to hear that , because even though we are a free nation too , i 'd have a hard time listening to foreigners talking crap about french culture , or even politics . 
  because sarkozy thought it was a good way to show his strength in a region living the arabian spring , and also he is a cunt . 
  `` nordic '', 
  because it 's like answering `` your accent is so shit i will not even bother hearing anymore portuguese from you . '', 
  fucking hell the last picture made me angry !, 
  well the three dish that comes to my mind from the usa are burgers , french fries and caesar salad , and they were created respectively in germany , belgium and mexico . 
  they 're is no us food culture . 
  well i also read scientific proofs that your child were getting more and more cunty, 
  what about slapping the butt ? 
  and the water is fucking cold while it 's hot like hell outside ... 
  disrespecting other 's culture is stupid , and make you sound like an ignorant annoying tit . 
  you can put ice in ros\u00e9 . 
  you do n't even have your own food . 
  oh i hate when people say that . 
  no everybody should not . 
  because if so , people should also visit a slave market wherever in europe , they should visit the places where the armenian places where the genocide took place . 
  and the marne were the deadliest battle of wwi took place . 
  i think extremism on the remambrance duty hold back people . 
  and it has certainly not done only good in germany . 
  a 15 millions inhabitants city indeed . 
  and as i told you , i do n't know very much about the history of anatolia , so i ca n't have a definite answer . 
  i would n't know about anatolia , but i have a hard time trying any argument against the fact that istanbul is a european territory . 
  good job in cherry picking one in , the five nationalities he listed . 
  seem like a very honest way to arguing . 
  ask nicolas sarkozy and bernard-henri l\u00e9vy if they regret those operations . 
  pretty sure they will tell you once again that it was such an incredible advancement in human rights that it was worth it . 
  not like paris is a poor city . 
  gypsies are a problem everywhere . 
  france won ww1 though ... 
  hilarious how sarkozy thinks changing his party name will make the 12 + lawsuits against him and his party disappear . 
  west of the turkey .
