but does it matter what isis do in this context ? 
  well , ok . 
  the extent to which nobody was thinking about the us is worrisome . 
  french bashing has been the economist credo for like 20 years now . 
  oh yes ? 
  because sure as hell paris or the north do n't get the same treatment as bordeaux or lyon . . whatever . . 
  that 's about it yes . 
  this is france seen by the `` province '' actually, 
  they do have money . 
  they bought their way to europe , some buy train tickets to germany or austria . 
  they are not beggars , they are war refugees . 
  no you are right . 
  better keep ignoring it . 
  the fact that it makes people react is bad . 
  better keep ignoring it . 
  turkish and algerians or moroccans practise islam pretty much in the same way , so i do n't see how what you are saying is relevant . 
  in france nobody would bat an eye . 
  my god . 
  this is just working like a virus !, 
  french , italian , spanish , portuguese and greek population are against his politic . 
  half of uk too . 
  this makes more than half of eu population . 
  you still do n't see the problem ? 
  hilarious fact indeed !, 
  humm . . that was a test !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ ^ was n't, 
  there are about 350 to 400 types of cheese in france , one for each day . 
  we are the country which eats the more cheese per capita , with more than 26 kg per inhabitant . 
  cheese represent the culture of our regions , for example the reblochon is made in savoie ( alps ) , the osso iraty is made in pays basque and the ~ ~ emmental is made in normandie ~ ~ saint-nectaire is made in auvergne . 
  the most famous cheese is probably the camembert ( normandie ) , and maybe the roquefort . 
  my favourite is the fourme d'ambert . 
  here is a list of all the french cheeses https://fr.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/liste_de_fromages_fran%c3%a7ais, 
  oh my ... are you quoting sarkozy ? 
  germany know damn well how to deport 400k people too . 
  this is from 2012 . 
  scores have probably changed . 
  a lot . 
  remember this is from 2012 . 
  i would n't be shocked if you score is negative now . 
  czech are not in the euro zone . 
  why would they get in this ? 
  i can assure you french people are more and more tense against germany 's position . 
  socialist of not , most french people feel closer to mediterranean countries than to germany , and humiliating a country like germany is doing right now makes us really unconfortable, 
  do n't act like they are some migrants with totally different culture . 
  they are just thugs from the poor suburbs , as you can see pretty much everywhere when there 's violence on tv ( ferguson in the us , sometimes ago in london ... ), 
  well you know , if it was 4 in 2014 and 5 in 2015 you 'd still be able to measure it in percents . 
  i love me some fiat 500 !, 
  that 's a fun car !, 
  well , in certain hadiths yes , which are like the gospels for the christians . 
  but not all of the hadiths are acknowledged by all muslims , and some chose to not listen to anything besides the quran . 
  the most part of the money is given by the triptych france-italy-spain yet nobody listen to them , and we act as germany and its eastern and northern satellites make up the conscious of europe ... 
  damn i also thought you were a shameless german mocking the greeks ' oxi !, 
  euro ~ ~ 2002 ~ ~ 2000 ? 
  wiltord goal against italy ? 
  merkel pretty much only listened to its parliament uproar and germans public opinion , completely ignoring the rest of europe . 
  well the thing is , greece is not burning because left-wing policies do n't work but because europe ( particularly germany ) is forbidding them to work . 
  they want to make an example of it and punish the greeks for what they have voted . 
  alain jupp\u00e9 is looking pretty good for them too . 
  this is basically a mexican standoff, 
  you should n't feed this troll !, 
   it seems more like having 35 % of the workforce employed by the government is the ` big fucking joke , ' and austerity is an inevitable consequence of such a wasteful policy . 
  i do n't see it that way . 
  it can work well . 
  i 'm not saying they are all administrative employees . 
  i do n't really know how this is working there . 
  but when you add the police , military , health sector , education , administration . 
  when your energy company is state owned , your mail company , your research centers , your banks are state owned , and much much more , it 's really feasible . 
  the word you are searching for might be germanophobe . 
  but no . 
  i would say i am a philantrop . 
  a humanist . 
  and i do n't like seeing people humiliating other people . 
  and the germans were the one who led the discussion lately . 
  and 3/4 of the germans were okay with the way sch\u00e4uble was acting . 
  so yes , i 'm very unhappy with the germans . 
  edit : just realized i was answering to a simple minded . 
  well , i feel like , in a country with 30 % of unemployment and where 35 % of the jobs are state work , and you tell the country to cut those 35 % jobs , then you tell them `` stop giving money to your elders '' ( money that those elder payed for back in the days ) `` and get them to work '' , i seriously feel like austerity is a big fucking joke . 
  and yes , greeks is not the ideal country and they should make real reforms . 
  meaningful reforms . 
  but sch\u00e4uble do n't let them . 
  sch\u00e4uble and this reform right now because he want his money the day after . 
  i find it disgusting . 
  man , that 's a really difficult subject and i feel like you are just scratching the surface . 
  the problem is more with the money already lended than with the new one . 
  so we , the french , were n't going to give money to the greeks for them to give it immediately to the germans . 
  i 'm against austerity because i feel this is acting like a mafia . 
  stop eating and give me the money you do n't even have anymore . 
  there were a lot of better option which could have been different than just gifting money to the greeks . 
  but because mr sch\u00e4uble thought he was the keeper of europe righteousness and vertu , he did n't want to hear anything else than the his point of view . 
  to your question are we along with merkel , i think this is a non question . 
  like asking to a republican why he chose to go along with obama . 
  i still have hope for a deep reforming of european institutions though , to strengthen people power , and thus , fraternity . 
  edit : and btw that 's an incredibly deep subject , and i will need to read a lot more before being able to see i understand it well . 
  did you happen to know that french people were paying about as much as the germans ? 
  german are paying 25 % of the deal , french 22 % , italy and spain roughly 15 % each . 
  so yes , i would like ms merkel not to chose in my name . 
  racism ? 
  do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  i hate every single thing you said ... man , this is sickening to me . 
  why is everyone forgetting italy ?
