you 're right . 
  jaruzelski gain swow blindless on siberia , when he was exiled with his family in north-eastern regions of siberia in 1940 . 
  compared to scandinavia anyone can feel poor and irrelevant  . 
  cleaning mess after communism is busy for the next few decades , and estonia do it quite good , especially after compared to other countries , like bulgaria who look 's like third world country . 
  i see portugal still have imperial point of view when comes to borders and wars, 
  no corruption in police and stuff, 
  accordind to atf data this `` loophole '' accounts for less than 3 % of the weapons used for crimes . 
  bigger problem are `` losing '' gun due to irresponsible owners , time ( some guns are just put to old cardboard and forgotten for decades ) , stealings , corruption in the police ( once confiscated weapons back on the streets from police warehouses , quite big problem in eastern europe in '90 when police record stealing hundreds of guns from the magazines uniformed services ) , smuggling from abroad etc. 
  that number 4 victims are `` borrowing '' from fbi data called `` shooting tripple '' ( most of shooring have average 3 engaded persons on distance 3 yards , and not more than 3 shoots overall ) from ' 60 . 
  the result of the research is a `` fbi qualification test '' , quite popular discipline of dynamic competition shooting and police trainings . 
  it 's not that bad as right-wing parties describe him . 
  first , [ polish air force use characteristic and quite big emblem ] ( http://stara.gorpol.pl/lotnictwo/mi6/010+.jpg ) on trainings . 
  second , polish air force do n't fly in formation near russian border . 
  third , near the russian border there is no air force base with combat helicopters except krzesiny an pruszcz gda\u0144ski where are only planes . 
  it 's not that strange , they are forced to settle only 40-50 years ago centuries of nomadic or semi-nomadic lifestyle . 
  looking what 's ideas have by now polish ministry of defence , probably that amounts of cash end in the trash . 
  - the abolition of the limit of 12 years of service to the soldiers in private rank , because `` the army can not get rid of people with experience '' ( and what it private in the polish army is a man of the simplest work as a truck driver and after 15 years they can go to the state pension paid with money for military expenditure ) . 
  - the new minister is doing literally `` purge '' in the ministry , especially among people involved in purchasing new equipment because they `` do not give polish companies opportunities for development '' ( already been scandals as new vehicles are breaking the chassis when shooting with guns , off-road vehicles have faulty engines , new helmets threatening neck fracture by paratroopers etc. 
  all these scandals are associated with polish companies ) . 
  exchanges are also people from many levels of command , heads of research departments and ordinary civil servants ( director of the military technical academy was a person whose only scientific achievements was to write a work about guerrillas fighting against communists after 1944 ) . 
  - organization `` national guard '' armed with the latest equipment and the number one regiment at the district ( approximately 35 000 people ) , despite the fact that all the units in the polish army have a problem with filling up posts in the existing units and still a good portion of people use such as pistols and rifles from the communism era . 
  skipping obviously sense so fragmented and numerous organizations in the country which is flat as a table with a modern infrastructure and beliefs of its main organizer who claims that the role of such an organization will be promoting `` patriotic and christian values which is to strengthen morale of the army '' . 
  belarus want cut connection with the ussr and differentiate themselves from other countries ( white-red-white flag are too similar to the flags of poland and russia ) . 
  `` nordic '' cross '' looks adequately to this problem . 
  national flag look 's completly different to neighbors and used national colors and emblem, 
  `` zastaw spiski '' , anyone ? 
  same difference is n't that big , lithuania is only 14 % richer than poland ( weak pln and stuff maybe increase this difference ) , also gdp per capita = / = median personal income . 
  north-western pomerania and lubuskie it 's places where is not many towns and villiges on small area like have place in eastern poland . 
  bigger planes was sent to other aiports far away from potential frontline , smaller , private own planes was all time in airport hangars during fights like achmetov private jet . 
  well , russian govt make everything what they want . 
  assad maintained its position as syrian president with army and big part of `` pre-war '' economic power ( major cities , ports , factories , powerplants etc ) , secure own military bases , rebel forces are weaken and do n't make big risk for assad , russian media can told that russian army won in middle east and secure `` national interest '' in his ally etc. 
  by now russia just do n't need be here . 
  i wonder what will happen to the kurdish territories in the north of the country , which gained de facto independence, 
  a least they have a true sea port for himself in germany . 
  sorry , greece you ar not `` sick '' , you are terminal/in coma/have cancer without chance to get back to health . 
  in country that have rougly 2/3 population of whole eu it 's not something strange . 
  additionally , in usa big problem was street gangs responsible for example , in new york for half of all murders and thanks to the income from drugs , prostitution or gambling can afford to buy weapons on the black market in large quantities . 
  there is still the issue related to what we consider to be `` mass shooting '' , how many other murders is made with other items ( knives , broken bottles or railing from a nearby fence etc ) which further hampers the proper assessment of the problem, 
   i 'm quite surprised by this statistic , but more so by the domestic material consumption statistics below for the top 5 . 
  how can finnish people use over 3.8 times more domestic material than uk people ? 
  climate , in finland people needs more textiles , energy sources , tools , vehicles or construction materials due to longer and more severe periods of cold weather . 
  in addition , finland is a country in which operates quite a few industrial facilities in comparison to the population which favors greater consumption of raw materials . 
  i mean times when he was still president in 2008 , not current times . 
  [ this polls ] ( http://www.cbos.pl/spiskom.pol/2005/k_162_05.pdf ) was made shortly before end of his second term in 2005 , according to them 32 % voters would vote for him if he could compete in elections for a third term ( for comparison tusk gained in the first round of elections in 2005 , 36 % of the votes and kaczynski 33 % ) , 51 % of respondents evaluated his as `` the president of all poles '' and 65 % considers that a well-performed his duties as president, 
  and most of voters want him on third term, 
  they have own culture club , it 's called `` baltic '', 
  can i read more about this ? 
  it 's look really interesting, 
  what do you expect from a country where even the [ traditional sausages are made with potatoes ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-1btxuewxduw/uc_ehy3mjii/aaaaaaaabs8/tbhtxwaa4ny/s1600/img_2647.jpg ) ? 
  smaller rations of meat per month than in communist poland ( for those interested , [ ration stamp for meat from ' 80 ] ( http://www.pafere.org/image.php?file=bmv3cy8ymdg0l2thcnrryv9uyv9tawvzb18yndr4lmpwzw== ) ), 
  rather fatal quality of medical care , monstrous corruption in medical centers , lack confidence in doctors and lack knowledge about the flu . 
  these companies are `` polish '' in name only . 
  sikorsky and agustawestland have 100 % of the shares of these companies ( pzl \u015awidnik i pzl mielec ) . 
  the only thing going on in this case is buying votes of trade unions ( a similar situation is what happened in the uk in the 70s , they want to have an eternal state support or they will burn tires in the capital . 
  union bosses are the people closely related to the party and often organize support for politicians of the party like the pro-pis pickets , participation in party conventions , etc. ) ), 
  and people from podkarpacie ( podkarpacie is a place where most people vote pis ) because these companies planned gradual closing the factories as unprofitable . 
  airbus wanted to run some 70-80 % of the contract in poland together with the multiannual investment in the development of high-tech industries . 
  problem is that only airbus introduced the helicopters meet the basic assumptions of the tender . 
  sikorsky presented the model being phased out of production , much less equipped , with the necessity of a separate payment for armament , more expensive and worse performance from airbus . 
  in addition , company did not want payment in polish zloty but in dollars and presented only to assemble helicopters in poland , with exclusivity for servicing only in their factories and ban of exploatation spare parts manufactured by polish companies . 
  airbus has committed to build a new factory in the lodz region based on already functioning army repair factories while maintaining a majority share of local capital , the establishment offices of research and development at the local polytechnic , full `` polonization '' ( using parts and equipment produced in poland ) production and agreements with polish companies to order parts supply and participation in the work of scientific and engineering . 
  and do you know the better of voters in poland than small farmers ? 
  people completely dependent on state aid , often with poor education , the lowest expenditure on culture , books or education and rarely travel outside their villages ? 
  law and justice benefits from the fact that they are redundant in modern agriculture and are losing the confrontation with the `` landlord '' having a gigantic farm , modern equipment and also have the additional company or cooperatives where several smaller farmers work together to buy land for the collective money . 
  just only easy transport of vodka to finland, 
  this scenario assumes that the ussr will reduce the destruction of on his side eliminating as many missiles of the enemy as possible before they reach the height of on which shall be inviolable . 
  silos can be destroyed by missiles shot from submarines that to reach these areas faster than icbms reducing the response time of americans . 
  still there is the fact that the soviet missiles from launch to confirm the information that the soviet union triggered a nuclear war , it can take enough time to soviet missiles eliminated the american icbms, 
  areas where were silos of the minuteman icbm , and base strategic bombers b-52, 
  lithuania always can back to poland, 
  and i thought that typing alcoholism to the list of occupational diseases of soldiers in poland is strange . 
  more and more scandals in government , the pis began to play on the feelings of poles , expansion of social security and improving working conditions ( currently a lot of people working on `` junk contract '' , not guaranteeing labor rights , medical insurance and for small stakes within the minimum wage ) , fatigue voters the ruling party and a lot of propaganda from the of newspapers controlled by the pis ( recently was a scandal that cooperative banks were drained of funds by pis politicians have used to create a `` rebellious and independent of the mainstream '' newspapers ) . 
  wait , is n't most of right-wing press were paid from skok ( cooperative banks in poland ) funds controlled by members of the pis ? 
  but how to call a de facto ban on the sale of `` weapon that looks like a military '' or `` weapons previously the full-auto weapon '' coming from certified sources , which in the register of weapons and owned by the people who went the entire administrative path to get a permit , with the problem smuggling weapons from third world countries mired in armed conflicts and sold on the streets ? 
  actually , it continued the case a year ago . 
  european commission has created strongly manipulated `` white paper '' crime involving firearms . 
  `` white paper '' because of criticism and retraction from power several people fell into oblivion . 
  it contained many ideas on how to fight the de facto non-existent crime problem , for example , prohibit the possession of weapons in the house , assembly systems , bio-identity of the owner to each piece of arms , a system of licenses for airguns and currently being discussed at express pace , ban military-style of arms . 
  the last idea was to be discussed in the next year , but the european commission considers that `` special circumstances '' necessitate as soon as possible to make adjustments . 
  on the map the missing quite a few [ polish breweries ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=zfhwflnqms0u.kyv-vifggnek&amp;hl=en_us ), 
  so , we meet again gdr ... 
  if access to firearms look like in usa , world would be nicer place, 
  nothing change since ceausescu rule in this case ? 
  hell , even in communist time in poland shooters can buy enought ammo as they can and nobody bat a eye for that . 
  and not count more than 300 000 black powder guns and airguns treaty in some countries as real gun . 
  something are wrong with belarus data , 7,3 guns per 100 inhabitant are quite big for a country that has a dictatorship and the weapon may have almost only hunters and members of the armed forces . 
  at least in uk are `` shotgun certificate '' which can be quite easily obtained . 
  but still uk by now have more restrict law than european average, 
  c'mon it 's legal here to bring loaded guns , knives , machetes etc to school and own full auto machine gun . 
  poland was n't part of soviet union but have communist govt . 
  polish communist regime have gigantic problems with the production of animal feed ( all the communist period , the difficulty of getting the meat in the store meant enormous social unrest in poland ) . 
  import of these plants from the soviet union seemed a good idea to solve this problem . 
  it 's common only in former soviet union . 
  are three theories about this cultural curio * carpet are are expensive in communist era ( single low-quality carpet cost 300 rubles , `` high-quality '' import from vietnam and china cost over 1500 roubles , for comparison , industrial worker earning approximately 300-450 rubles ) . 
  in addition , the carpets were difficult to buy and have to wait long until can be even get the carpet in the store . 
  so were a symbol of high wages and social status . 
  * soviet buildings were not well thermally insulated and not muffled sounds . 
  hanging carpets simply improved the quality of life in block of flats . 
  * hanging carpet on a wall is a cultural remnant from the times of the tsarist regime . 
  carpets were for a long time reserved only for the russian aristocracy .
