i think they have to stay in the country that granted them asylum , and if they want to move they would have to apply for asylum in the country they want to go to . 
  i 'm not sure though . 
  you might add the roman empire rests , the arles arenas or orange theater are gorgeous piece of architecture , although not unique to france . 
  vauban 's fortification are marvellous too , a great display of beauty and genius at the same time . 
  yes and no because the tourists counted are those who come in france , pay and visits in france . 
  the guys that just travell through france are n't counted . 
  then again , some indeed do an `` euro-trip '' but they are n't the majority of tourists in france . 
  i would n't link the sun king with napoleon , they are both considered a golden age , but are very different . 
  the revolution changed france from being the most powerful monarchy of europe to the french empire fighting against the european monarchies . 
  france has never really been a commercial superpower like the uk though , fighting was more our thing . 
  well , the french army perpetrated less crimes in algeria than the fln that literally commited genocide against the harkis and french people that stayed . 
  and there were public apology , everyone just seems to forget them . 
  moreover , in your previous post you talk about muslim-bashing done by the medias . 
  wtf dude , the french medias are widely anti-racism , only far right journals like mariane bash muslims , even le figaro and valeurs actuelles ( the last one a bit less ) have stopped to do so . 
  on tv , muslims are never bashed , a lot of france 2 and 3 journalists are from north-african immigration ( i have members of my family that have worked there/with these companies ) . 
  ironically , in france people still have around 2,1 children by women , which allows the population to grow . 
  if they deal drugs and manage to have a `` casier judiciaire '' , even a small one , they will never get hired anyway ... so yes and no , these guys could do a lot more to get a job . 
  nothing prevent them to go to the neatest college and get a degree , or go to a pr\u00e9pa etc. . . 
  i 'm in med studies in paris , there are some guys from the 93 , very poor areas . 
  they get into studies because they want to leave their cit\u00e9 , and they say only a few from where they come get into srudies because the majority left school . 
  by leaving school they forbid them to leave their cit\u00e9s . 
  worst in europe ? 
  did you just said that ?!, 
  god , i live in france ans no , we have some of the bests in europe !, 
  go to the ghettos in eastern europe , those in france are paradises compared to them . 
  the french always seem to think their country is shitty and full of poor , whereas we may be the country in europe where the poor lives the best with all the aids the government provide them . 
  it can change a bit in the politic orientation , but for europe it does a lot of good i would say . 
  i just stressed that because it has a big impact on who can be elected . 
  lot lot lot of lobbyists , not as much as in d.c. , but close . 
  how ? 
  well then it is even sadder . 
  peopple got ta realize that the fn would n't do better at all than the actual government . 
  we have very educated people at the head of our country . 
  hollande has studied at hec , science-po paris and l'ena , and even if a lot of people do n't like it , that man is one of the most educated of our country and really knows his stuff . 
  that was kinda the same with sarkozy , they just came from different horizons and ahd differents ideas , but still , they were smart and educated and knew what they were talking about . 
  what does marine le pen and her party know about economics ? 
  nothing . 
  simply the fact that they want to leave europe and euro shows that they are either insane or some of the worst liars . 
  i simply do n't get it , how educated people , who ca n't be stupid , can vote for her as it is just obvious that she will ruin the country . 
  every time an economist has analyzed her intentions , he proved that they were insanely dangerous for the country economy , how can people vote for her ? 
  do they all want to lose their job ? 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm so shocked after tonight results , that is the first year i 'm voting and still , i feel as unpowerful as i was before . 
  although it is kinda stupid because fn is n't adapted to modern economy at all either , if they would run the country and do what they are planning to , france would be even worse than spain is today , and only in a few months . 
  i hope people know that , none of the fn leaders has ever studied economics while at the head of ump , ps and udi-modem there are very competent people . 
  `` caca '' means poop in french . 
  it seems they truly hate being called daesh and french politicians only use it to refer to them . 
  it happens in the middle east actually . 
  some terrorist conceal aks or bombs under a burka and then kill a lot of people . 
  and now it 'll never have the chance to become one . 
  hamon will win the primary , that 's for sure . 
  but as for the regular election i do n't think he stands a chance against macron/le pen . 
  he wants to renegotiate it . 
  it 's not anti-europe either . 
  fillon thinks schengen will kill europe eventually , and so to preserve a strong eu he wants to renegotiate it . 
  absolutely not . 
  hamon has no chances at all . 
  it 'll be between le pen and macron , unless fillon can manage to save his ass . 
  and anyway , france is heading towards a two party system fn-lr , unless macron can manage to get people elected in the legislatives elections . 
  every candidate except le pen and m\u00e9lenchon are pro-europe though . 
  you should n't , le pen is a very serious candidate , she 's way ahaed of the others right now actually . 
  she ca n't win the secound round , but her party is the most popular french party right now . 
  macron is being pushed by the networks that pushed clinton and other neo-liberals . 
  that 's why . 
  he is quite right though . 
  hollande and merkel have been doin g the same speeches for years now . 
  probably the opposite of that , actually . 
  being atheist in europe ( and even more in france ) is n't edgy at all actually . 
   totalitarian society, 
  if you want to live in a totalitarian society it is your right to have that opinion i guess , but i strongly disagree with you . 
  some articles on the guardian are very biased . 
  no , censoring is n't the solution , it never worked and never will . 
  the solution is better education . 
  this sounds like a ministry of truth idea . 
  all this fakenews thing is handled very poorly . 
  censoring is not the solution because of all the abuses . 
  the solution is getting the people more aware of fake news , and more capable of identifying bs from truth . 
  most of them never leave the country they are in even after being denied asylum , or the deportation process takes years . 
  then you may not be aware of everything she planned to do . 
  huge cuts to welfare , healthcare etc. . . 
  this seems pretty accurate , she is a centrist economicaly . 
  there is always a motion of no confidence brought forward though . 
  each time the `` frondeurs '' refused to throw out manuel valls . 
  very on the right economically , so no social programs . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/images/france2017.png ) is where he stands . 
  you 're very delusional if you think they wo n't . 
  will he do it though ? 
  he seemed like a king of pandering lile trudeau during the campaign . 
  according to polls , most people thought the election was meaningless or did not know who to vote for/did not like any candidate . 
  there is still a vote with 49.3 . 
  most people do n't lile him , they just did not bother votong because they thought it was meaningless , add to that the fact that his supporters will lilely be disappointed and you should be worried for 2022 . 
  to be honest i 'm not optimistic at all , i think there will be a huge pendulum effect in 2022 , towards who is the question . 
  it 's not a reference , it really was a brothel for quite some time . 
  you simply do n't raise awareness about the condition of the french black women by only allowing in french black women , this is plain retarded . 
   there was a genuine armed movement against gaddafi , just as there was against assad , and it 's not difficult to find arms in that part of the world . 
  there was terrorist groups , that part is true , but there was no real people uprising . 
  right now lybia is a failed state and men and women are sold in auctions like cattle . 
  getting rid of kadhafi like that was a bad decision . 
  russia has actually some everage over france . 
  most if not all of our gas comes from them , and most of our uranium too ( and we have almost nothing else than nuclear energy ) . 
  he also wants cultural exchanges and better cooperation between france and russia , so that the youth of both countries can understand eachother in order to achieve a durable peace .
