  venice is the administrative capital of the region , so there are also people going there on their business : to the university , the courtroom , the tax office ... how do you separate them from the tourists ? 
  too expensive . 
  i could n't find much else in english , do you suggest other sources ? 
  january 6th is related to the winter solstice festivities , hugely important in pagan times and celebrated in different ways around europe . 
  in italy , for example , we have a witch on a broomstick bringing gifts to children , while in some areas the ancient celtic ( i.e. 
  pre-roman in our case ) tradition of lighting huge bonfires is still alive . 
  edit : january 6th is the `` twelfth night '' after christmas ( itself celebrated over the date of a roman festivity ) , loaded with magical meaning and also related to the germanic cult of bertha/berchta/percht . 
   as a consequence , any non-italian who has lived in italy for several years , perhaps was born in italy , went to school in italy , and is essentially italian for all intents and purposes , could be kicked out without justification and any given point , according to this line of thinking . 
  you said it yourself : any * non-italian * could be kicked out . 
  being born in italy does n't make you an italian . 
  i had zero debt , but i had to work part time as a security guard while studying because fees , books , rent , etc. 
  were still too expensive for my family . 
  i do n't know , there is very little information on our press on the whole immigration situation . 
  even our national subreddit is actively censoring any post remotely related to immigration . 
  actually , once the appeals are over and their application has been rejected for good , they just disappear for a few months and then they reemerge under another alias . 
  rinse and repeat . 
  indeed . 
  an iranian once told me that in antiquity civilization comprised three great empires : the roman , the persian , and the chinese . 
  `` there was no arab empire . 
  the arabs were backward tribesmen who came from the desert '' . 
  the eu commission is really going to protect us by tightening gun laws : http://www.dw.com/en/eu-agrees-on-tightening-gun-laws/a-19321399 as if the munich shooter needed any law to get his gun . 
  we do n't even know their real name and age , how can we check their backgrounds ? 
  we let in hundreds of thousands of uncontrolled individuals . 
  there 's not much . 
  see for example : http://blogs.ei.columbia.edu/2011/05/23/la-bella-sicilia/ when i was a kid i used to spend the summer in sicily at my grandparents ' place . 
  water was available only in the morning : every house had water tanks on the roof that were filled in the morning and provided water for the rest of the day . 
  water coming from the tanks was n't safe to drink anymore , however . 
  it 's perfectly normal : http://www.girgentiacque.com/index.php?option=com_content&amp;view=article&amp;id=50, 
  you should be aware then that there are towns and cities in sicily and sardinia that during the summer do n't get water 24 hours a day . 
  said the idiot who ca n't reply to the right comment and can not understand the difference between constitutional rules and political opportunity . 
  tell me , idiot : was berlusconi elected by the people or not ? 
  it 's too early to say , but the polls show a majority against it , mainly because renzi insists on considering it a vote on himself . 
  but the percentage of undecided is very high . 
  it 's not like we have a say in the matter , we did n't even elect renzi in the first place . 
  he received a signal in the recent municipal elections and he 's going to get another one in october , when we 'll vote on his constitutional referendum . 
  i 'm sure you know italy better than me . 
  who cares of what you believe or not believe ? 
  soccer is called `` calcio '' in italy , look it up . 
  well , not everybody speaks english , you know . 
  in italy we do n't call it neither football nor soccer . 
  til . 
  i 'm not so well versed in the nuances of the english language . 
  when i was in school they taught me that the appropriate english translation of `` calcio '' is soccer . 
  on reddit i learned that some people , for reasons i do n't know , prefer to call it football . 
  because in 1948 they feared italian communists would vote to leave the west and join the ussr sphere of influence . 
  yeah , i was mistaken , they ferried only [ 4,500 illegal immigrants ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36611059 ) yesterday , not 5,000 . 
  editorializing titles is against the rules , but i ca n't say you 're wrong . 
  says renzi , [ while ferrying another 5,000 migrants from libya to europe ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-italy-iduskcn0z91ng ) . 
  he does n't even realize he 's part of the problem . 
  happy for the british . 
  i wish we could leave too , but it 's not realistic , we would default on our public debt if we left . 
  without the uk the eu will become even more anti business that it is now , i 'm worried for the direction our unelected masters in bruxellese will take now . 
  fuck off , what are you , the perfect slave ? 
  why are you so morbidly interested in my guns ? 
  anyway , i can buy whatever i want , my bank account is the limit . 
  i never said i need easier access , it 's europe i was talking about . 
  when governments ca n't keep their citizens safe , tightening gun control is criminal . 
  i want to keep what i have and i do n't want unelected bureaucrats in bruxelles grabbing my guns because they are n't capable of curbing illegal trafficking of firearms . 
  you should never talk about stuff you do n't know : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4645228.stm, 
  shooting . 
  and self defense . 
  i own several guns actually . 
  for those cold german nights . 
  i agree , we need easier access to guns , not more gun control , as the eu commission is trying to do . 
  hopefully the gun lobby will be capable of stopping the commission . 
  why do you think we do n't have guns in europe ? 
  people are better armed than you think . 
  honor to the memory of the victims of the soviet terror . 
  musket and muzzleloaders wo n't harm anybody from now on , i feel really safe at last !, 
  i have air conditioning at home , and so do friends and family . 
  personally , before installing it ( almost 20 years ago ) summer nights were impossible to bear . 
  both : italians are a rather divided and polemical bunch . 
  in milan , on the other hand , berlusconi 's party did well on sunday . 
  the problem with barcelona and ibiza is that they have deliberately attracted that kind of tourism for decades , thriving on it , until they became overwhelmed by it . 
   but there is a widespread belief that we are not welcome outside of the uk i was n't aware of this , and i was a little surprised when , speaking in several occasions with americans who visited italy , they all pointed out how well they were always treated by the locals `` even if we are americans ! '' . 
  i did n't get why they found it so surprising , americans in italy are among the best tourists . 
  skip venice and visit naples then . 
  there 's no sewage system , but the water in the lagoon is replaced twice a day by tides . 
  it was during a show , grillo is a stand-up comedian . 
  he 's also a politician , but he told this joke as a comedian . 
  it was just a show , i think the press has blown this out of proportions . 
  i 'd prefer remaining in italy all year round , but if i have to choose a european country , i 'd go to spain for the culture , the art , and the food . 
  til, 
  not really . 
  he is not just a comedian , but he is also the unofficial leader of italy 's second or third ( depending on the polls ) largest party . 
  and the translation is accurate , that 's exactly what he meant . 
  italianize = intransitive verb : to act italian ; specifically : to follow the style or technique of recognized italian painters transitive verb : to make italian ( as in appearance or behavior ) ( from the merriam webster dictionary ), 
  i do n't watch rai or mediaset , so i 'm definitely out of the loop . 
  but i did n't notice discussions on newspapers either , certainly not at sanremo level , whose existence even i ca n't ignore . 
  i had no idea of what it was before it was mentioned on reddit . 
  even now , i 'm not even sure it is available in italy . 
  on average , not . 
  but there are areas of italy where people are taller than the average . 
  i 'm 1.90 myself and it 's not like i 'm the tallest guy around , i meet people taller than me every day . 
  we could start by not ferrying them from libya to italy , for instance . 
  his usual hollow rhetoric . 
  is he planning to actually do something about the illegal immigrants flooding to italy , or are grand speeches all that he is capable of ? 
  i do n't understand the title , it seems to me that there is a very specific reason to get drunk today . 
  your comment makes no economic sense . 
  so beautiful .
