  once again , alpini culture is less about martial swaggering , and more a vehicle for nostalgia for beauty of italy 's northern frontiers . 
  this heritage is not as secure as it used to be . 
  most alpini regiments were dissolved after the cold war . 
  the soldiers themselves now come from all over italy , weakening their cultural link to the alps . 
  still , the troops continue to play an active role in italian life . 
  they fought with nato in afghanistan . 
  their avalanche training has proved useful in earthquake-ravaged corners of the apennines . 
  moreover , the national alpini association , with its 355,000 members , is still important . 
  as well as promoting alpini culture , local chapters -- encompassing both veterans and eager civilians -- help their communities in numerous ways . 
  they maintain chapels , and a series of mountain shelters for weary hikers . 
  this dedication has not gone unnoticed , even among civilians . 
  in the piedmontese town of biella , 36 % of the members of the local association were never soldiers themselves . 
  with the centenary of the armistice ending the first world war fast approaching , the alpini look set to return to the forefront of italian cultural memory . 
  they are in fierce debate with their austrian counterparts about where to hold joint commemorations of the fighting . 
  ( the austrians do not want to meet in alto adige , a region italy annexed from austria after 1918 , and which is still mostly german-speaking . ), 
  the soldiers have even stumbled into controversy over a new videogame . 
  `` battlefield i '' features alpini fighting on monte grappa . 
  the head of the national alpini association said that `` delicate themes , like war , need to be dealt with differently . '' the beautiful stock of canti alpini promises to do just that -- long after memories of the 2018 commemorations wisp into the mountain air . 
  i 'm sorry , but in science you are not entitled to your opinion . 
  the genetic composition of italy has n't changed since pre-roman times , so your statement is false . 
  `` geneticists agree that no migrations other than the greek settlement in southern italy and sicily had any substantial biological impact on italians . '', 
  did you look like a pothead ? 
  while walking ? 
  never happened to me , or to anyone i know . 
  racial profiling , probably . 
  nobody ever asked my papers when walking around . 
  it 's the same italian . 
  they also have their dialect , of course . 
  i do n't want more guns , i just want to keep mine . 
  as a subject of a country that is pushing hard for the #eugunban , i envy you . 
  i only trust accounts older than 5 years . 
  til homework is an abuse . 
  man , redditors ' average age keeps getting lower and lower . 
   salt : it is often said that in ancient times , salt was as valuable as gold , while the truth is it was n't , not by a long shot . 
  what it is true though is that the trade of salt was one of the most profitable , as salt was in extremely high demand . 
  that 's also the reason why we have the word `` salary '' and its equivalent in several languages ( * sal * is latin for salt ) . 
  keep believing that . 
  he managed to put one of his lackeys in his place . 
  i thought it was common knowledge . 
  every day , someone learns something for the first time . 
  it 's not always newsworthy , though . 
  i voted no , but many really thought that by changing the constitution you could make the country more efficient . 
  on the contrary , there would have been a decrease in democratic representation . 
  good riddance . 
  til i 'm part of the corrupt establishment . 
  renzi was defeated by a majority of italian voters . 
  it 's a great benefit for the government , for the citizens not so much . 
  indeed . 
  nothing is going to change , since `` no '' won . 
  first clandestine exit poll : st. norberto 56-59 % st. simplicio 41-44 % the more people vote , the more the `` no '' side gains votes - and we are seeing a record number of voters today . 
  i see your point , but you do n't need a new constitution to curb bureaucracy . 
  bureaucracy is self-serving and it is going to stay as long as politicians will allow top bureaucrats to set their agendas . 
  i do n't see any willingness to change this situation , on both sides . 
  one of the few politicians who did n't let bureaucrats telling him what to do was maroni when he was minister of the interior , so it can be done even with the current rules . 
  there is already little democracy in italy and this reform makes things worse by reducing the people 's voice even further . 
  a renzie fanboy can not define himself as a rightwinger ... this reform is bad and you should feel bad for letting them brainwash you, 
  `` no '' is only 4 points ahead today ( sadly ) . 
  today 's poll , masked as a [ horse race ] ( http://rightnation.it/2016/12/02/corse-clandestine-ippodromo-di-san-walter-giuliano-2/ ) with french-sounding names for all the parties and politicians involved : 48 % yes , 52 % no, 
  ca n't you really see the democratic legitimacy deficit here ? 
  if berlusconi took power the way renzi did , we would have had riots on the streets . 
  i 'll vote no because i 'm worried that this reform will give too much power to an already powerful government . 
  the fact that renzi said he 'll go if he loses ( i highly doubt that ) is an additional incentive . 
  yeah , keep repeating that to yourself . 
  at least berlusconi , unlike renzi , was elected . 
  but we have had a primary surplus for years , so the government spends less than it earns , before interests . 
  it 's an essential requirement to curb our public debt . 
  too late : he did n't give us the chance to elect him into office , so i 'll certainly appreciate the opportunity to kick him out of it . 
  friulan and slovene may certainly disappear , not in our lifetime though : both languages are taught in school and children do speak them . 
  lol, 
  venetians knew how to build their fortresses ... btw , that 's [ palmanova ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palmanova ) in italy , my hometown . 
  i know that picture , i 'm r1a z280 myself and i did a little research . 
  the migration went from east to west , is that what you meant ? 
  emigrated from where ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  according to wikipedia , r1a originated 20-25 ,000 thousand years ago in central asia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haplogroup_r1a, 
  r1a is not exclusively slavic , but rather indo-european . 
  r1a and r1b split about 20,000 years ago , well before any slavic ethnicity emerged . 
  because the r1b haplogroup predates those ethnicities by several thousands of years , since it entered europe with the indoeuropean migration . 
  but ignore the labels , they are meaningless . 
  it depends on the area ; in friuli german , along with english , is mandatory in middle school . 
  it depends on the areas of the country . 
  where i live ( friuli , not s\u00fcdtirol ) , english and german are mandatory in middle school . 
  yeah , like three years ago . 
  you do n't fill anything on a plane , only the customs declaration . 
  well , if i have to spend $ 14 and answer some lame-ass questions to get a travel authorization to go to the us ( esta ) , i do n't see why we should n't reciprocate and inflict the same burden on those who visit us . 
  it 's made online now , and you must get an authorization to travel ( esta ) before departure . 
  a small step forward would be voting no to renzi on dec. 4 . 
  every time i see these old towns with their walls and towers , or [ towers built within the city walls ] ( http://www.italia.it/fileadmin/src/img/cluster_gallery/siti_unesco/san_gimignano/san_gimignano_veduta_notturna.jpg ) , i think of how turbulent our past was , when you needed thick walls and tall towers if you did n't want to be murdered in the night by an opposing faction . 
  i commute on a regional line and i 've never experienced delays , other than for a coupe of incidents . 
  there 's only one civilization that has these issues . 
  my language , [ furlan , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/friulian_language ) certainly has many borrowed words from slovenian , but the name of our own people and that of our language are not among them . 
  fri\u00fbl and furlan come from forum iulii ( `` marketplace of julius caesar '' ) , the ancient latin name of the town of cividale , then changed into civitas austriae ( city of the east ) under carolingian rule in the 8th century . 
  well , furlan means inhabitant of friuli in furlan , so that 's how someone would self-identify . 
  good , if the smugglers are complaining already it means that the new rules are going in the right direction . 
  you are mistaking self defense licenses for self-defense guns : the licences are very hard to get indeed . 
  however , with a hunting or sport permit you can buy any gun available to civilians . 
  of course you ca n't carry , but you can bring it to the shooting range . 
  the disassembled part is bullshit , there is no law requiring such a thing . 
  many handguns , such as my [ 1911 .45 acp semiauto pistol ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/86/81/d7/8681d7eb155aa73cf023d9555c9d58cc.jpg ) , are considered sport guns in italy , although they do not really differ from self-defense guns . 
  they go to italy , of course .
