  and from there they try to reach the rest of europe . 
  do n't mistake the leftist circlejerk of r/italy for a representative sample of the italians ' sentiments toward uncontrolled immigration . 
  the italian government is doing much worse , it is actually pushing for granting italian citizenship to anyone born in italy from non-citizen parents . 
  guess you 'll have to deal with a lot more of muslim immigrants in the future that will move at will within the eu ( assuming it will continue to exist , of course ) . 
  [ because russians love their children too ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whylqrvn2qs ), 
  shit , i pay above the italian average ( $ 0.27 vs. $ 0.23 ) even if i fall in the same consumption range ( 2500-5000 kwh ) used for collecting these statistics . 
  wtf, 
  i have semi auto guns and i 'll keep them after this directive will be enforced . 
  it 's just smoke and mirrors . 
  [ romans dealing with a roma 's camp ] ( http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x5fgaz_incendio-campo-rom-a-napoli_news ), 
  `` do you guys have cars in italy ? '', 
  about once a week , by car . 
  if i forget anything i walk to a small grocery shop close to home . 
  i regularly shoot my guns , for target and clay shooting . 
  i also practiced dynamic shooting in the past . 
  i 've never shot a full-auto gun , though . 
  i have a gun license and i own several handguns and rifles . 
  english and german were compulsory when i was in middle high school . 
  in senior high school i dropped german and added latin and ancient greek . 
  the legend of italus is much older , dating back to the late iron age . 
  but strictly speaking , remus , romulus , italus , and even most of the seven kings of rome are not historical figures . 
  beer is definitely not bad in slovenia , actually it can be great . 
  personally , i 'm hooked on the new union nefiltirano . 
  before losing a territory you need , you know , to hold it . 
  trieste was never part of slovenia or yugoslavia . 
  natural gas , solar for hot water during the summer . 
  $ 120 million . 
  he is an italian-american sport star . 
  it 's a reddit obsession . 
  nobody cares in real life . 
  no , they do n't do it in italy . 
  i can trace my ancestry back to the mid-18th century thanks to church records , all my ancestors lived in the same village . 
  the dna test i took ( [ genographic project ] ( https://genographic.nationalgeographic.com/ ) ) , along with my family name , of germanic origin , suggest that my ancestors on my father 's side came to italy during the barbarian invasions after the end of the roman empire , but it is just an unsupported hypothesis , of course . 
  so what ? 
  halloween celebrations were never a thing in italy until maybe 15 years ago . 
  it has been clearly imported from hollywood movies . 
  the pagan origin of the festivity , later incorporated into the christian recurrence of november 1st , has nothing to do with the commercialized version we imported from america . 
  halloween , valentine 's day , high school proms . 
  [ indeed ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh0cszdhwg0 ), 
  spoiler : when your income increases , so does your spending . 
  15 % of italians have a second home ( typically , in some coastal town or in the mountains ) . 
  i guess it used to be more common in the past , but more recently high taxation on second homes has discouraged this form of investment . 
  i have some extended family in the usa . 
  they descend from a relative who emigrated in the early 1900s , but we still keep in touch and i visit them from time to time . 
  maybe once a month . 
  til , thanks !, 
  vicenza ( in the local dialect ) . 
  right , i knew there was some terms for south tyroleans , but i could n't remember tamocchi , which i heard in trento . 
  and i never heard `` mangia bambini '' as referred to russians , it 's more of a reference to communists ( especially the italian ones ) , along with the jocking `` trinariciuti '' ( people with three nostrils ) . 
  also : greco , albanese , ungaro . 
  and then there are myriads of local surnames , such as romano , lombardo , furlan , trevisan , visintin , siciliano , veronese , venezian , and many others . 
  derogatory terms are often regional , but this is what we have in my area ( north east ) : germans , austrians : crucchi ( i do n't know the meaning ) , mangiacrauti ( sauerkraut eaters ) , kartoffeln slovenes , croats : s ` ciavi ( slaves in the local language ) croats : drusi ( a bit old fashioned , maybe from drug , meaning comrade in croatian , i think ) i think there are derogatory terms for the french , swiss , and south tiroleans , but i do n't live close to those areas and i 'm not sure ) . 
  spain , france , and germany . 
  outside europe , australia and japan . 
  none at all . 
  i do appreciate the convenience of a single currency when travelling though . 
  yeah , they 're not bad . 
  i had one once , the only downside was the noise , it felt like a helicopter was landing in my bedroom . 
  you would n't believe the amount of debt people are willing to accumulate just to appear well-off . 
  in italy it 's the norm . 
  you must have a very limited concept of europe . 
  actually , i turn it on when i go to bed . 
  it would be impossible to sleep without it . 
  no , they control the companies that get government money for feeding and lodging immigrants . 
  i hope so , in view of my upcoming vacation to the us . 
  aurora ( co ) and rochester ( ny ) . 
  in any case this test makes little sense for a non-native speaker ; describing the pronunciation of different words is particularly hard , and i did n't have a name for several of the objects described in the test . 
  i would move to colorado without thinking twice , i 've visited several times and i love it . 
  least likely would probably be somewhere in the south , because i do n't like the oppressive heat , but i do n't really have enough information to point out a specific state i dislike . 
  190 cm , so above average , but definitely not the tallest guy around . 
  i know what expat means , i do n't know why you were thinking i was one . 
  anyway , i love sicily as a tourist , and i have some family there , but i understand why you may be disappointed with your native island . 
  anyway you 're worrying too much : finish school first , go to the university somewhere else if you can afford it , and then worry about expatriating . 
  not an expat ( ? 
  ) , i live where i was born , in friuli . 
  i would n't live anywhere else . 
  definitely , and i met plenty of european tourists in the great national parks you mentioned , so it 's not uncharted territory at all . 
  in addition , we have italian-slovenian signs in areas near the border with a sizeable slovenian minority . 
  castle doctrine , concealed carry licenses less difficult to get . 
  and no pointless restrictions based on how the gun looks . 
  i 'd take in the people we need , those with the right qualifications . 
  i 'd have them vetted : when you let millions of unidentified people enter a country without any papers , it means that borders and laws have no meaning anymore . 
  it 's wonderful , just what we need : an endless supply of illiterate africans loitering in supermarket parking lots and selling trinkets on the street . 
  same here , i could n't remember how to say that in english . 
  some of the teachers are qualified , one is a friend of mine and she has a theology degree . 
  others ... not so much . 
  yes , we have 1 or 2 hours a week of religion classes , taught by a teacher chosen by the catholic church . 
  in the past it was mandatory and the teachers were often priests ; about 30 years ago it became optional , but pupils opting out of religion classes are not usually offered much as an alternative , so many tend to attend them anyway . 
  same in italy . 
  you only need to take it once in a lifetime . 
  this law is just propaganda : it 's being sold to the public as a strong move against terrorism . 
  if you actually read the law and disregard the triumphant press releases , you realize it 's ineffective and only punishes legal gun owners . 
  the original proposal however was much stricter : only thanks to intense lobbying was it changed . 
  the magazine rule is especially idiotic : ignoring the fact that you can replace a magazine in a few seconds , magazines are not controlled or restricted in any way ( they do n't have a serial number , you do n't need a license to buy one , you can buy them online , etc. ) . 
  that means that my semiauto pistol is perfectly legal if i insert a 15-rounds magazine in it , and it becomes illegal if i insert a 21-rounds magazine . 
  as long as the pistol and the magazine are kept separated , all is fine . 
  it is impossible to enforce this law . 
  weird , judging from what i read in this sub , i thought only americans had the strange habit of tracing their ancestry . 
  anyway , i did some research and i managed to find something on my grandmother 's family from my father 's side . 
  they have always lived in the same small coastal village in istria , on the adriatic sea ( they left after wwii ) .
