  about time !, 
  let 's hope it wo n't be too late by then . 
  italy will give them an id and ship them to germany . 
  i sincerely doubt it , as we keep fishing illegal immigrants out of the sea off the coasts of lybia . 
  it looks like the immigration bomb will blow in renzi 's hands . 
   in spain , italy and france a lot of the indigenous population can even get mistaken for immigrants . 
  immigrants from where ? 
  surely , i might mistake a romanian or an albanian for an italian , but north africans and middle eastern people are clearly distinguishable from italians . 
  bullshit , nobody could mistake an indian for an italian . 
   it probably has to be `` mortacci tua '' you forgot to mention that it is specific to rome . 
  we in the north-east ( trieste ) use a lot `` mona '' ( pussy ) as an insult , or used as `` va in mona de to mare '' , i.e. 
  `` go to your mother 's pussy '' when we want to tell someone to fuck off . 
  i agree that the public opinion is definitely shifting toward a greater acceptance of homosexuality . 
  gay adptions are still taboo , however . 
  why not ? 
  i think it is a rather accurate description of most italians ' attitude toward homosexuality . 
  the longobards were never referred as reds . 
  and by the time charles the great ended their reign in 774 , surnames were not used yet in italy : the first surnames appeared 250 years later , and just for the most prominent families . 
  most ordinary folks got their surnames by the 16th century , and some had to wait until the napoleonic laws of the early 19th century . 
  rossi in italy has nothing to do with tomatos , but with the color of hair , beard , or skin . 
   keep blaming the eu for the series of incompetent italian governments that could n't push italy 's interests in the eu . 
  but i know my governments are incompetent , and i do n't have any consideration for renzi , letta , or monti . 
  in fact , nobody even elected them . 
  the eu did n't give a fuck about the migrant crisis ( started in 2011 ) until it reached germany , and fined italy for returning illegal immigrants to libya . 
  it seems like everybody pursues its own interests in the union , so why should we behave differently ? 
  sanctions hurt the italian economy and they must go . 
  acide amice , in lingua anglorum `` i.e. '', 
  utitur in loco `` that is '' . 
  risus abundat in ore stultorum . 
  passivities = liabilities hope you do n't mind the correction , it 's a false friend . 
  maybe we complain in italian and you did n't notice . 
  the northern league party is openly anti-immigration . 
  http://wilsonquarterly.com/stories/unwelcome-why-is-cosmopolitan-italy-so-anti-immigrant/ http://www.politico.eu/article/italys-other-matteo-salvini-northern-league-politicians-media-effettosalvini/, 
  one in three migrants refuse to be identified and presumably continue their trip to germany : http://www.thelocal.it/20150910/one-in-three-migrants-refuses-identification-in-italy those who remain are concentrated in rural southern italy , where the mafia makes a lot of money from refugee camps , and , i think , keep them under control , since people there are not complaining . 
  we have different opinions of what a fluent speaker is then . 
  accents in english are only relevant to fluent english speakers . 
  therefore the vast majority of italians would n't notice if trump spoke with a british accent . 
  italians would n't know a british accent from a hole in the ground anyway . 
  your ancestors once built a zeughaus in graz , foreseeing an invasion that never came . 
  it 's saddening that our governments today are less keen to protect their own population than 17th century emperors were . 
  our commercial interests with russia are huge , and they were badly damaged by the embargo decided by the eu . 
  we had to do something to protect our interests . 
  the crisis started in 2011 , as many observed in this thread . 
  the situation on the streets depends on the areas : i live in a small town that attracts a lot of afghans from the balkan route . 
  we do n't have accommodations for them , so they are mostly homeless and sleep in the woods or in makeshift sheds they build . 
  glad to hear that european islam is entering the 18th century . 
  the issue lately has almost disappeared from national media , while it 's still heavily reported by local news of the most affected communities . 
  it 's good to hear that everything seems to be fine and dandy in germany . 
  what i do n't understand is why we have homeless refugees in italy ( registered and all , but with no place to go ) , sleeping in city parks and train stations for months . 
  besides the fact that the eu and the italian flags must be displayed on the front of every public building by law ( hence their ubiquitousness ) , you must live in a very special bubble of your own if you do n't realize how the italian public opinion is changing . 
  renzi definitely knows better than you , it seems . 
  what an elitist , arrogant , unelected buffoon . 
  never heard it . 
  the plural would be `` renze '' anyway . 
  the biggest risk would be the downsizing of us military presence in europe . 
  hopefully the pentagon will resist this . 
  i must say that i 'll be a little sad if hillary loses , because i was counting on having bill clinton at the white house again , as first gentleman . 
  it 's one of trump 's favorite words . 
  not being a native speaker of english , i do n't even know if this is a legitimate word . 
  i went to one of his rallies last week and he said it at least 4 times in about an hour . 
  he is ahead , bigly . 
  absolutely . 
  the problem is : would the cure kill the patient ? 
  i 'm afraid it 's too late for us to drop the euro without dire consequences on our debt/gdp ratio . 
  did you mean * leave * the eurozone ? 
  italy already adopts the euro . 
  why not ? 
  i want him out , and he 's offering his flank . 
  it 's politics . 
  the reform has nothing to do with how we choose our governments . 
  how so ? 
  renzi himself said he was going to quit if he lost the referendum . 
  since italians did n't have the option to vote him into office , at least i hope we 'll have the opportunity to vote him out of it . 
  i certainly hope so , otherwise i would n't bother to vote against him in december . 
  sure , that 's what the commission would love . 
  but what about the parliament ? 
  the representatives we actually elected ? 
  the parliament was very critical of the proposal , does it count for something ? 
  because if the proposal passes anyway we could as well get rid of a farcical parliament and let the unelected bureaucrats rule us undisturbed . 
  it 's like a parking violation : it 's still illegal , but it 's not a crime . 
  you wo n't be taken to court for it . 
  three years ? 
  it sucks . 
  hunting licenses are hard to get here but not * that * hard . 
  i 'm glad however that getting a sport shooting license in italy is easy . 
  wait , you ca n't legally own a shotgun ? 
  what about hunting , is it a valid reason for getting a gun license ? 
  hunting in romania is rather popular among wealthy italian hunters . 
  [ just fyi , you do n't need to be an anglo-saxon to see the need for guns in self defense . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4645228.stm ), 
  it has the same meaning in italian too . 
  keep trolling , guns are for adults . 
  get a gun and become proficient with it : it 's fun and , who knows , it could become handy . 
  we even have our own small sub : / r/europeguns . 
  by not allowing women to drive or to leave their homes without a male relative . 
  ignoring the fact that venice has n't been one of the most powerful cities in the world for at least 500 years now , only rome and milan have more than 1 million inhabitants in italy . 
  yes , about 55,000 residents in the old town . 
  another 210,00 on the mainland . 
  i did n't notice any smell when i went to venice to have lunch with friends at the end of last july , just the oppressive heat and the hordes of tourists . 
  spring and autumn are definitely better times to visit .
