  skagen was one of my favorite places in denmark when i toured it years ago . 
  i visited during the summer , when the light is particularly bright , and i can see why the place was chosen by the [ skagen painters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skagen_painters ) as their summer destination . 
  he was very well known in europe in the '80s . 
  you 'll have to wait till the next war , i 'm afraid . 
  they did n't ban high capacity magazines : you can still freely buy them . 
  they just said that if you want to actually insert said magazines into a gun you need a special license . 
  if you feel safer than their goal has been achieved . 
  personally , i think this measure is useless and it only serves the purpose of harassing legal gun owners . 
  i do n't care about magazines , it 's the absurdity of the provision that makes me realize it wo n't have any effect whatsoever on terrorists . 
  i do n't see how being against more restrictions would make us as america . 
  do you have any idea of your own country 's gun laws ? 
  you must be replying to the wrong comment . 
   why do you need to own the gun instead of just using it at a sporting facility ? 
  you are greatly underestimating the number of guns in europe : no sport facility could hold them all . 
  moreover guns are also needed for hunting and for self defense , and storing them in a shooting range would make it impossible to use them for these reasons . 
  finally , some guns are expensive , some are even collectors ' items , or family heirloom , and i do n't see why i should surrender them if my government has already determined that i pose no threat to the society . 
   you can always move to the land of the free and home of the brave !!!, 
  i wish i could . 
  semi-auto rifles are not illegal . 
  your attitude however is dangerous : you risk losing your beloved target pistol in the future if you do n't care about what happens to other firearms . 
  i am opposed to any further restriction , of any type , even if it does n't concern me directly . 
  20 for handguns , 10 for semi-automatic rifles . 
  `` security loopholes '' ... yeah , right . 
  the eu commission had to show they were going to do something about terrorism , anything . 
  they ended up with some irrelevant and impossible to apply rules about magazines : a rifle is legal when a magazine of less than 10 rounds is inserted , the same gun is illegal if used with a magazine of more than 10 rounds . 
  magazines are a detachable component of a firearm , not subject to any control , without a serial number , and they can be freely bought by anyone , even without a license . 
  how this new law could magically deter terrorists remains a mystery . 
  til, 
  why province of venice ? 
  it is venice , piazza san marco seen from riva degli schiavoni . 
  the roof belongs to the doge 's palace , and the building on the right is the marciana national library . 
  in the background , on the other side of the canal , you can see the church of s. maria della salute . 
  you can not enter the us and go on tour without a performing artist visa , it does n't matter what your nationality is . 
  maybe she did just that in the past and they found out , so she 's been denied her esta for this reason . 
  otherwise i do n't understand on what other grounds her esta was denied , it 's not like you have to specify what you are going to do when in the us when applying for your esta ( i know because i renewed mine just today ) . 
  yes . 
  wrong , esta is imposed ed and administered by the us government . 
  airlines only check that you have a valid esta before boarding a us-bound plane . 
  and italy , hopefully . 
  otherwise , i 'm screwed . 
  customs inspected my luggage too when i re-entered germany from the us , it is perfectly normal and that 's what customs do . 
  i do n't advocate for more stringent controls on us visitors , i simply point out that there is not much reciprocity in how eu visitors ( without a visa ) and us visitors are treated . 
  ok , i get it , mine was an overstatement . 
  i have visited the us a dozen of times , and i was n't always questioned at the border control . 
  but what about flight authorization , fingerprints , picture , etc. . ? 
  i 'm not saying taking my fingerprints is a harassment , i have no problems with that ; i 'm just saying that us citizens travelling to the eu without a visa are generally subject to a less intensive scrutiny than eu citizens travelling to the us under the visa waiver agreement . 
  from americans i know who visit the eu often for business . 
  i admit that us border control are not always that harassing : i travel without a visa and was almost waved through the us passport control a couple of times ( `` what is the purpose of your visit ? '' . 
  `` business '' . 
  `` ok '' ) , but not before they took my fingerprints and a picture of me . 
  and of course i had to get an esta approval just to board the plane . 
  i wonder if us citizens need pre-authorization to fly to the eu , if they need to provide fingerprints of all their fingers at the passport control , etc. 
  if the us retaliate by canceling the visa waiver program for europeans , this would backfire big time . 
  it is true however that there are far less controls for americans coming to europe than for europeans going to the us . 
  americans do n't get questioned at passport control , they do n't have to specify what they are going to do , etc. 
  an american i know overstayed his 90-days permit , went back to the us , got a new passport and re-entered the eu without problems . 
  try this trick with the us customs and border protection agency ... [ edit : i gather from the replies that americans do get questioned , but not with the same level of scrutiny eu citizens are subject to . 
  moreover , they do n't need a pre-authorization to fly ( esta ) , and they do n't have their picture and fingerprints taken when they enter the eu . ], 
  my birthplace on reddit ... 
  because we lost a war . 
  get over it , there is nothing you can do to `` close the bases '' until you revise the peace treaty of 1947 . 
  as required by the mods , here is the full text of the article : every winter , town squares all over europe are filled by the hum of christmas choirs . 
  towns in northern italy follow this tradition too , but with a twist . 
  singers abandon santa costumes in favour of the distinctive feathered hats of the alpini , tough soldiers mostly recruited from remote alpine villages . 
  the alpini repertoire is different too . 
  christmas songs are swapped for haunting ballads about the cruelty of war . 
  these canti alpini -- and the soldiers who sing them -- have become part of the region 's cultural heritage . 
  at first glance , this is surprising . 
  after all , to start with , the alpini were a decidedly military outfit , established in 1872 to protect the new italian state from its enemies to the north . 
  their baptism of fire came during the first world war , fighting the austro-hungarians high in the dolomites . 
  conditions were terrible : avalanches and frostbite were a constant threat . 
  despite this , the alpini notched up some impressive wins . 
  they also fought courageously in the second world war , distinguishing themselves in battles from ethiopia to the russian steppe . 
  up to a point , the continued popularity of the alpini can be explained by their reputation for courage . 
  their songs reflect their sacrifices . 
  `` among rocks , wind and snow , we are forced to stay awake all night , '' one explains . 
  `` we started out as twenty-nine , '' begins another . 
  `` now we 're only seven . '' this pride transcends the songs themselves . 
  monte grappa , a famous alpini victory in 1917 , is still commemorated on street signs across the country . 
  other songs , meanwhile , juxtapose alpini bravery with the supposed incompetence of other italian soldiers . 
  in one , the choir warns luigi cadorna , the italian commander in the first world war , that he 'll need the alpini `` if he wants to advance '' . 
  the regular conscripts `` are too weak '' to do the job , while other troops `` are mafiosi '' . 
  but if some alpini songs stumble towards chauvinism , their enduring reputation is down to their stark anti-war message . 
  `` a ` happy ' death has never existed , '' explains massimo marchesotti , conductor of the alpini choir in milan . 
  `` we sing about the truth : of the pointless death ... that none of those kids chose for themselves . '' the results are intensely moving . 
  in `` oi cara mamma '' , the alpini ask what their mothers will do when their sons do n't come back . 
  elsewhere , the choir tells their lover that they are buried `` in a field of edelweiss '' . 
  the choir concludes that `` when you are alone at home , the edelweiss and i will be with you . '' the presence of edelweiss is not accidental . 
  alpini songs have a deep link to the mountain culture that bore them ; some of the songs are centuries old . 
  and unlike other wings of the italian military , `` alpini herald from the same valleys '' as their songs , says mr marchesotti . 
  indeed , most songs are odes to the mountains themselves . 
  when a soldier is thirsty , `` refreshing snow '' will be there to soothe them . 
  a dying captain asks his men to give a part of his body to the mountains so that he blossoms into `` roses and flowers '' . 
  this thoughtful melancholy is popular : alpini choirs still release albums and play concerts all over northern italy , and interest in them extends beyond their music . 
  several films and documentaries have been made about their story . 
  a book of alpini exploits by mario stern , a sergeant who fought near stalingrad , has been republished five times , and has been made into a play . 
  while in russia , polenta , as well as the cheese of his native valley , and of course the mountains themselves are constantly on stern 's mind . 
  `` ghe rivarem a baita ? '' repeats one of his men , in thick brescian dialect . 
  `` when do we get home ? '', 
  home , or baita in the dialect , is literally a mountain chalet .
