tl ; dr : i do n't know . 
   where are the ` good ' places to be an immigrant in italy ? 
  try sweden . 
  dae hate le tourists ? 
  good . 
  so go spam those subreddits then . 
  what has it to do with / r/europe ? 
  / r/subredditdrama is the other way . 
  tunisia and libya have been capturing italian fishing boats venturing into their waters for years , so they are more than capable of patrolling their seas . 
  you do n't get it , the navy is n't patrolling the italian coast , they are actively seeking the southern mediterranean for immigrants . 
  it 's a humanitarian rescue operation performed on a voluntary basis . 
  italy has no obligation of actively seeking ships to rescue all over the world . 
  we have no obligation to sail to libya and save lives there . 
  the navy is actually patrolling the sea off the coasts of north africa , not just our territorial sea . 
  no obligation to save lives off the coasts of north africa . 
  i 'd give all the migrants italian citizenship on arrival , $ 400 cash , and a train ticket to bruxelles . 
  at the top of what ? 
  the polls ? 
  the same way berlusconi said he was ahead of everybody in the opinion polls , and the left said he was bluffing ? 
  oh wait , berlusconi at least did actually win the elections before becoming prime minister . 
  what a pathetic clown . 
  darwin award 2014, 
  hey , r/europe , i 've got an old roman bridge to sell . 
  interested ? 
  at least berlusconi had always had the decency of winning the elections before becoming prime minister . 
  but ... but ... but ... guns are illegal in europe !, 
   yeah , but there has to be a reason why italy is one of the countries in europe with the lowest english proficiency there are n't many occasions in italy to be exposed to the english language , let alone to practice it . 
   why am i ignorant ? 
  italian is not an important language . 
  yet you traveled to italy and had problems communicating , so in that instance italian was important . 
   edit : why downvotes ? 
  do you think that this is not relevant ? 
  italy can not into relevance on r/europe, 
  you need to have your eyesight checked if you think that gypsies and italians look similar . 
  gladiatorial games . 
  you wish !, 
  sir , i salute your courage for speaking your mind in a hostile environment !, 
  circlejerking is soothing and ego-boosting ( who does n't like feeling more intelligent than others ? 
  ) , but it may be dangerous when it creates a social environment which is utterly detached from reality . 
  this can also lead to a severe underestimation of one 's opponent , a serious mistake in battle as in politics . 
  the pd and its electors fell into this trap many times . 
  however , my comments are faring better than i expected , probably because most italians are n't online on sundays , they connect from the workplace or from school . 
  what politicians say in public is just a smokescreen , lies for getting the votes of the uninformed , while at the same time serving the interests of their most important constituencies . 
  in the case of pdl ( berlusconi 's party ) , these constituencies are large companies and wealthy professionals . 
  in the case of pd ( the democratic party ) , they are the top-level civil servants ( judges , tenured university professors , high-ranking members of the bureaucracy ) . 
  m5s does n't fit into this scheme , so it is disruptive in this sense , but it lacks vision , and its momentum has vanished so far . 
  if you do n't belong to one of the categories listed above ( and i do n't ) , your interests will be protected only incidentally , i.e. 
  as long as they are n't in contrast with the interests of the main constituencies . 
  so if you are a small entrepreneur , a salaried worker , an ordinary civil servant , a student , an unemployed person , no major party will really take your side , despite paying lip service to your cause . 
  you then choose the party that is less likely to damage you , while pursuing its own agenda , considering that both political sides are incapable of reducing italy 's debt , for different reasons . 
  i 'm currently less damaged by berlusconi 's side , hence my vote . 
   i can not understand how people keep supporting him . 
  everybody votes for their own self-interest . 
  i have mine , you have yours . 
  i wish italy 's center-right had a different leader , but i 'm stuck with voting for berlusconi at the moment . 
  who is he ? 
  i think garibaldi was a hero . 
  you think that judges are heroes : judges who are going to decide about some technicalities on a tax fraud case regarding berlusconi . 
  if you think this is epic we have nothing to say to each other . 
  i rest my case . 
  because the above user is either a lega nord voter , who would like to separate northern italy from the rest of a country , or a communist , who hates the idea nation-states in general . 
  ignorance of history in general could also play a role . 
  typical self-defeating italian . 
  yes , we do . 
  last one i wrote was in 2010 , however . 
  i like this attitude , i hate having to show my id for every random fuck that crosses a bureaucrat 's mind . 
  you americans are always so obsessed with race . 
  cool , i did n't realize italy had such an advanced legislation concerning immigration . 
  no , why ? 
  i assume they do n't like the immigration policy she wants to push ( note that she has n't actually accomplished anything so far , and that she is an eye doctor , so not exactly qualified for her current job ) . 
  i do n't like her ideas either , but i prefer expressing my opinion by not voting for parties that want more illegal immigrants in my country . 
  why should it matter where those children were born ? 
  if at least one of their parents is n't an italian citizen , they are n't italian citizens . 
  and it 's not like italy is the only country doing this ; i bet croatia too has similar laws , for example . 
  who cares ? 
  we have more pressing problems than a couple of people throwing fruit at an inept politician . 
  maybe they really really wanted to prosecute him . 
   jacquet sometimes carries a revolver because his business has been targeted by thieves several times . 
  but ... nobody is allowed to carry guns in europe , right ? 
  we 're supposed to be civilized , unlike the trigger-happy americans . 
  and what land did italy gain exactly ? 
  what do you mean ? 
   what happens to the migrants when they reach italy ? 
  they 'll try to avoid registration , then they 'll start travelling north . 
  in ten days they should be in germany . 
  in the trieste area we have had a constant influx of afghans and pakistanis from slovenia and austria in the last 12 months , our reception centers are overflowing and we have hundreds of homeless immigrants living in the woods and building shacks along rivers . 
  when this new flow arrives it 'll be a disaster . 
  they do n't want to be registered . 
  read this article about what happened to this immigrant once he landed in sicily : [ no difference between italy and assad 's regime ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/no-difference-between-italy-and-assads-regime/a-18597053 ), 
  you mean , you guys actually try to enforce treaties and shit ? 
  so , assuming that this works ( and i have my doubts , since i do n't know how you can stop thousands of people without recurring to violence ) , will immigrants take the croatia route ? 
  is there any plan in croatia to counter this ? 
  accounting is a little different in europe . 
  make sure to study at least some ifrs before taking interviews at the big 4 . 
  a knowledge of finnish gaap would also help , but i think your us gaap proficiency could be appreciated too by employers with business interests in the us . 
  do n't forget that bureaucrats vote too , mainly the democratic party . 
  i made some good money by advising regional governments in italy on how to cut bureaucracy , so i can tell you it can be quite expensive . 
  the main problem is that they have just a vague idea on how they spend their money . 
  abolishing the senate is free , all the other provisions you mentioned cost money . 
  it 's actually [ l'uomo ragno ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/uomo_ragno#/media/file:spider_man_\\ ( jusko \\ ) . jpg ) ,
