hollande is horrible at defense and foreign policy . 
  he came ** this ** close to attack syria for bullshit reasons . 
  he 's been multiplying opex while slashing the budgets , endangering our soldiers with shit equipment . 
  he was n't even for an intervention in mali , it was the etat-major that had to talk sense into him . 
  not to mention that it is the soldiers that do all the job , not hollande who has zero experience in war-related topics . 
  hell , the entire etat-major threatened to resign because he was planning even more ludicrous budget cuts . 
  spam . 
  it 's a well known fact that russians are immortal , and every time that a russian dies it 's because putin personnaly killed him . 
  the biggest misconception regarding hungary is that it acts they way it does because of its current government and particularly orban . 
  the fact is it is in the nature of russians and russian culture , being so low cultural , agressive , ignorant , two faced , shady , imperialistic , lying inferior human beings . 
  why are the germans so lazy ? 
  i mean , ca n't they just work and be prosperous like french surhommes ? 
  what can you expect from a protestant germanic country anyway ... 
  nuclear family is considered conservative now ? 
  `` something something nazi italy ... mussolini ... goyim ... antisemite '', 
  you do know that radars are n't stuck in time and will very soon catch up with these new fancy toys . 
  radar jamming capabilities that can be upgraded in 4th gen fighters are what will really count . 
  if you have a gigantic defence budget do what you want , but if you 're on a budget ( like every european country ) you 're better of with up-to-date 4th gen fighters . 
  honestly , i think that the `` 5th generation fighters '' are very overhyped . 
  better have 100 4 + th jets that you can afford to upgrade than 10 5th gen that will not be `` stealthy '' anymore in less than a decade and cost a shitload of money . 
   yes , it does seem as if the post-ww2 trend of further integration in europe has ended . 
  history turns out not to be finished . 
  many of the projects for a more united europe stems from the fear from a neighbour strong enough to wipe the floor with our continent . 
  be it sully 's grand design vs the turks or the multiple pre-eu structures vs the ussr . 
  since the fall of the ussr we have been in a constant processus of deeper integration and eastward expansion . 
  now that we do n't have an ennemy strong enough to threaten us the whole thing is falling apart we have to go outside of the eu ( in ukraine ) to find a majority of people enthusiast about it ( or hostile to russia ) . 
  one could argue that the brics could be our next ennemies but it is way too abstract in people 's mind . 
   what is the view among your french friends on the brexit question ? 
  well i have a modest background but i am in a very selective cursus now . 
  my friends from my social class either do n't care about politics or are distrustful of the eu as a whole . 
  my `` educated '' friends are 95 % liberals so by default pro-eu , but it does n't take much to show them the flaws in it . 
  either way , brexit is n't that much of an issue in france to be honest , i guess we already have enough issues , but you 'll be hard-pressed to find any hardcore eu-federalists that wants to fine the uk so you obey the eu rules . 
  oh boy , we live in interesting times . 
  how much time before the us funds `` activists '' to topple the hungarian gvt ? 
   the more xenophobic and conservative places map pretty much towards the more catholic parts of germany . 
  it 's funny because in the 30 's , catholics were way more resistant to nazism than protestant . 
  yes , it 's the only thing that will ever make nato 's freeloaders to pull their own weight . 
  why did they even had a `` steve jobs memorial '' . 
  shit 's retarded . 
  i do n't know/care/like asia very much . 
  i kinda like the conservative/hierarchical culture of japan and maybe korea too . 
  though some of its effects are dreadful ( extremely low natality , work-slave culture ) . 
  come to think of it , asia is just to huge to have a general opinion on it . 
  what is common between russia , iran , japan and india ? 
   hyper-nationalistic you high ? 
  most people here consider the concept of nation to be the earthly embodiment of the devil . 
  he 's right on khodorkovsky , the guy is a grade aaa piece of shit . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abel_bonnard not a nazi per se but a willing collaborator . 
   imagine gypsies on steroids thanks but i prefer not to . 
  i 'm being flippant , i do n't actually care . 
  i thought it was common knowledge : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3yon2gyoim ( skip to 6:15 ) . 
  because `` muh racism '' . 
  it 's a bsic human right not to be bought . 
  it 's also the surrogate mother 's child , but since you 're rich enough you can exploit her misery and pay her to have exclusive rights over the child . 
  you do n't know jack about me , my physical limitations or lack of thereof . 
  i do n't judge you for your your physical limitations ( that you do n't have by the way , you said you were homosexual , last time i checked it was n't an illness or a defect ) . 
  i judge you for putting your desire before basic human rights . 
  as i already said and before you accuse me of being homophobic or whatever , i am against surrogacy for anyboby . 
  you do buy a child . 
  you pay for the 9 months that the mother will spend bearing him , but also for the `` exclusivity '' on the child . 
  it 's as much her child than it is yours , yet your money makes the difference between having rights to this child , and having none . 
  you should also read this : exploiting people 's misery and abandoning children like they are damaged goods is also a reality of surrogacy . 
   i think it 's kinda selfish of you to ignore the vast majority of people who also have their own children instead of adopting and then attack those that ca n't have any the traditional way . 
  having your own children does n't involve buying and renting other human beings . 
   should i not be allowed to have children myself with surrogacy help ? 
  no you should n't , just like heterosexuals should n't . 
  your wishes do not come before basic human rights such as , not being bought ( for the child ) and not being rented 24/7 for 9 months ( for the mother ) . 
  so no free aborbtion , no child benefit , no gvt funded family planning center , no alimony then ? 
  these are the results of people eyeing others plates and opening their mouths since it is done with the taxpayer money ... you do n't live in a vacuum . 
  it will create an enormous market of humans for sale , so it 's going to happen whether we like it or not . 
  personnaly i think it might be one of the most selfish act a human can do . 
  renting someone esle body and buying the human that she will carry for 9 months while there are milions of orphans in the world is just sick . 
  we should jail these fucks ( the buyers ) . 
  based greece , confirmed for cradle and saviour of europe . 
  a new-yorker , who would have thought ? 
  he probably never met a gypsy . 
  tl ; dr : bulgaria is completely fucked . 
  also this was funny :  further south , the average income for albanian roma families that year was $ 68 a month ( $ 86 ) , compared to $ 174.50 for non-roma households . 
  well no shit sherlock , it 's not like income from human trafficking and stolen goods are declared and taxed . 
  i think i just lost my ability to even ... 
  de facto , it does . 
  itt : people more concerned about op 's username than little girls casualy getting raped . 
  it 's not true that they do n't have any military assets . 
  they 're incapable of defending their own territory though . 
  self-entitlement is strong with this one . 
  she used to recieve more than 500 pounds per weeks of benefits , she should be grateful that she 's offered another place to live with her kids at the state 's expenses . 
  if you do n't have any money you 're not entitled to live in one of the most expensive place on earth . 
  and 50 miles is n't far , gosh ... edit : also , five kids , single mother , no viable income . 
  that screams entitlement and piss-poor decisions making anyway . 
  people use the word `` book '' without consideration for the format . 
   the eu did n't bring peace that 's not what you read here . 
   but it 's meant to keep it . 
  this is true . 
  most people here think that the eu single handedly brought peace on the continent . 
  which is hilarious because it is the destruction/humiliation/ruin of the three big european powers and the total domination of the us and the ussr that kept the former big boys in check . 
  yay !, 
  ca n't wait for another nato country that do n't pull its own weight . 
  oh fuck off with your passive agressive shitpost . 
  at least i contribute to the thread instead of just being annoying like you . 
  for your information , ukraine as an independant state did n't exist back then , gogol was born in the russian empire as a russian subject , wrote in russian , spent a large chunk of his life in st-petersburg and is buried in moscow .
