  even alternate teaching methods are n't really a difference , since all finnish school have full professional autonomy to decide their teaching methods and curriculum as long their curriculum teaches the concepts and knowledge sets defined in the national curriculum . 
  alternates just usually start a non-profits so that they do n't have to deal with trying to convince a public school headmaster on the merits of their teaching approach . 
  so they get their own headmaster , by being a non-profit private . 
  national curriculum is basically just a list of broad stroke concepts/facts you must teach . 
  you must make sure student know basic maths and can multiply and divide . 
  you must make sure students understand the biological process of evolution . 
  student must know geography , including names and location of major countries and continents . 
  students must learn creative skills and critical thinking skills . 
  etc etc basically as long as students learn the things mentioned in the core curriculum and you do n't abuse the kids in anyway , you can use pretty much any method you want . 
  you can also teach any extra you want on top of the core . 
  just make sure you have enough time to go through all of the core simultaneously . 
  i did not know wars are impossible . 
  as far as i know there is atleast one going in europe at the moment . 
  if you think this is bad , just wait when the climate migrations and clean water wars start . 
   not possible . 
  possible , just unlikely due to the political tensions it would cause with the greek goverment . 
  it would probably lead to a war or a couple of them . 
  it is also possible by sheer anarchy . 
  if greece falls in to a failed state there is no government to have diplomatic relations . 
  unless everyone gives greece about a decade to get a country sized mess in order ( anyone thinking country sized messes are solved in smaller time frames does n't understand how byrocracy works ) , this cycle will repeat and repeat and repeat . 
  which woul make imf happy and eu very very sad . 
  well to fix this they need a long extension probably a decade to get their things in order without being constantly hounded by deptors , which makes any longterm planning totally impossible . 
  assuming greece wants to get their economy to work . 
  you first need to get greeces economy to work , after that you start talking about paying the debts back in some orderly fashion . 
  if greece was a person they would have already filed personal bankcrupty and fallen on the social safety net of the local government . 
  in a way that is what is happening now . 
  eu is trying to act as an social safety net , but it is not really working since it is not a disinterested party , but also a debtor . 
  also the scale is not really working , since greece is a much bigger defaulter than a person . 
  in the end something has to give so either a ) debtors get really lenient and greece gets it 's economy in order b ) greece defaults and gets ransacked by a horde of privatization organized by imf . 
  c ) greece defaults and cuts all diplomatic ties to west in order to avoid getting ransacked and turns to china and russia for aid . 
  i 'm surprised china has not played economic imperialism game already , like they do in middle east and africa . 
  if western debtors get really hardline , i would assume this to happen . 
  well debtors are n't interested on greece taking responsibility of anything . 
  they just want their money back with interest . 
  how it happens is pretty much secondary . 
  greece can go caboom and bust all it likes the day after as far as imf is concerned as long as imf gets it 's interests back . 
  ecb is in a weird position since it is not a pure lendor , but also greeces ultimate national bank by proxy since ecb decides on the printing of euro . 
  so in a way ecb is debting itself , which makes this all weird . 
  if they were interested in greeces spending habits , they would not have borrowed the money in the first place . 
  they did loan the money and now they found out that loaning money is not a risk free business . 
  so if people ca n't find job , it is okay to let them starve ? 
   nobody likes being in debt and cutting spending is never fun . 
  but what i do n't hear are actual propositions of how else they can crawl out of their debts . 
  well the problem is , that greek government did not probably spend money on too much luxuries . 
  just about no government does . 
  so as soon as the small luxury part is cut off top the greek spending and still more cuts is demanded , the country will simply start to fall apart due to lack of necessary funding . 
  pretty hard to start economic growth , if governmental agencies do n't work and people are starving . 
  you ca n't just summarily say greek is in debt , so they must cut 10 % of their spending . 
  you must analyze , if such cut amount is sustainable . 
  at some point you hit a critical line after which extra cutting will just create more costs than savings due to increased problems caused by the lack of necessary funds . . 
  it is little bit like certain american governmental agencies situation . 
  cutting hawks cut 10 % of the agency budget . 
  understandably to agency 's work results drop since they had to lay off staff to stay in budget . 
  then same guys come back and say `` see they are doing nothing , we can cut little bit more from them . 
  they are n't doing anything anyway '' . 
  you ca n't only cut your self out of a debt spiral , you need more income . 
   well ... you `` can '' do that . 
  quite easily in fact . 
  what you really mean to say is that we `` should n't '' do that . 
   well yes , if the debtors want to go that low . 
  i 'm assuming we are talking about people and organization with such properties of a ) a hint of morality b ) basic human decency . 
  though i 'm not so sure about imf . 
  also un might step in and charge you with crimes against humanity at that point . 
  well what is really needed is a couple decade long bailout plan , but lets not get in the way of the market quarter capitalism . 
  this is mostly designed to help imf . 
  organizing a fire sale privatization is a standard imf tactic . 
  some more paranoid people might even think that imf loans money to nations they know ca n't payback just in order to be able to arrange a firesale privatization in that nation . 
  but that is just paranoia right ? 
  anyone thinking this big of a mess will be solved in mere 3 years is comical . 
  ecb should just give greece a 30 year loan extension . 
  give them a little breathing room . 
  that way there is a chance greece gets it 's economony in order and can pay the money back . 
  you are n't getting the money back any faster anyway , so why play this theatrics of getting a single payment here and there , when you loaned the money to pay those payments anyway . 
  on the other side eu could put pure political instead of combined political and economical pressure to get greece on line . 
  i 'm pretty sure greece by now knows , that they gone f 'd up . 
  political pressure can work . 
  economical pressure just makes everyone miserable at this situation . 
  eurozone is loaning money to greece to pay of loan interests eurozone ( well ecb technically , but thats pretty much distinction without difference ) itself has imposed on greece . 
  circular logic at it 's best . 
  now we are just beating and scavanging a dead horse . 
  deptors can probably get the current loans of the husk of greece 's current economy and national holdings . 
  however it is pointless , since it will just lead to a new endless spiral on loans , since the carcass will not be viable . 
  unless you are in the business of loan sharkery , then it is a brilliant position to be in.cough ... imf cough ... 
  well the thing , is it does n't matter whose fault it is . 
  the mess is the same regardless of who started it . 
  so playing the blame game is pointless . 
  all nations on earth can declare , that greece is at fault . 
  however it does n't lead to even 1 euro more being paid of to debtors . 
  all we should be focusing is how to get out of the mess , not who started it . 
  which means any punitive action towards greece is counter productive . 
  anyone thinking this mess is solved in a time frame shorter than a decade is high on something . 
  which means debtors should take a chill pill . 
  you ca n't get your money back from a dead country . 
  even common loan sharks know that . 
  if the social safety net gets cut down , the social disorder in greece will totally break down . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  desperate people will do desperate actions . 
  which is why everybody should stay the heck away from greece 's social benefits . 
  cutting them down will lead to a small increase in available funds ( hense the deptors think they get their money sooner ) , but it will be pointless due to the whole nation collapsing in chaos . 
  ca n't much make profits in a nation under constant riots and looting .
