  there is this small problem , that there is still people alive in finland who themselves were war refugees . 
  so ignoring such things as refugee treaties is n't that easy matter . 
  they are in place for a reason . 
  they also are only important , when going goes hard . 
  if accommodating refugees was n't inconvenient and costly , there would be no need for refugee treaties . 
  everybody would do it without force of a treaty . 
  yes , nothing sane has been done in finnish politics since st\u00e5hlberg was president . 
  it has been ages , has n't it ? 
  or maybe it is viapori or gibraltar of the north . 
  you know it means people liked the place , to go to such lengths the come up with so many cool names . 
  gotland is a piece of cake threat compared to the helsinki-tallinn line.those two cities can lock the whole kronstadt based fleet effectively to it 's port . 
  heck there was already in the 1920 and 1930 's plans , com links and equipment in place to operate a helsinki-tallinn combined sea fort . 
  it would have stopped russians to their harbor . 
  only estonia got overtaken so that was the end of that . 
  nobody of course talks about it publicly , but pretty sure estonian and finnish coastal defenses have a new system in place . 
  though not that it is necessary anymore . 
  finland ( or estonia ) can mine the gulf of finland so completely that nothing gets past helsinki as long as the other side does n't stop them from mining opposite side of the channel . 
  missile batteries and gun batteries from finland can shoot over the whole gulf . 
  so essentially st. petersburg is useless as naval base . 
  there is a reason people built suomenlinna already in 1700 's . 
  helsinki can either protect or or completely blockade st. petersburg . 
  hence why most of the baltic fleet is at kaliningrad . 
  it is strategically much more open spot and allows for greater freedom of movement . 
  unless russia takes both tallinn and helsinki , their fleet docked at st. petersburg is useless . 
  hence there is n't really fleet there . 
  however there is lot 's of traffic since it is the main repair and building yard for the baltic and northern fleet . 
  you can see russian subs going past helsinki pretty much monthly or even weekly during the summer . 
  legally binding means directly applicable in courts . 
  them creating hra is just a local codified version of the echr . 
  it is a common practice to create a local law , so that you do n't have to constantly cite a treaty and explain why the treaty in question has jurisdiction . 
  instead they solve the problem once and for all by implementing the treaty in local law , so that they can cite that instead of the treaty , and to add in any local extra protection or special cases and local explanations . 
  well the main point here to me is that i have a cursory reading of the main points of echr , udhr and ibhr and thus know they do n't have anything really stupid in them . 
  if someone commenting on echr has n't read at least an overview of the conventions contents , that is their problem and frankly is a major hole in civic knowledge for any european citizen . 
  and no just because it is a human rights treaty is n't a sole reason to think it is a good thing . 
  but muh barricades . 
  can no go barricades anymore ???? 
  me sad . 
  i appreciate your honesty my friend . 
  i suggest you take a field trip to saudi-arabia to learn of the great benefits from the lack of human rights . 
  then why are n't every body talking about the evils of the ecsc , if that is where this all evil started in . 
  we must root this to the core . 
  we must denounce the spirit of 1952 . 
  to the barricades my friends . 
  additionally people are too stupid to realize that echr predates eu oh by a mere four decades , being enforced since 1953 and being written so that what happened in germany under nazi 's should n't be allowed to happen ewer again . 
  so anyone even suggesting scrapping echr should a ) get their head examined b ) learn their history c ) be ashamed , very ashamed . 
  echr is here to stay and for a very very good reason . 
  yes it is inconvenient at times . 
  it is supposed to be inconvenient . 
  if following human rights at complicated , problematic and stressful situation was n't inconvenient , we would have no need for human rights treaties to make sure they are followed no matter the situation . 
  you unsign echr , you might as well unsign from un , universal declaration of human rights and international bill of human rights at the same time . 
  echr is binding law in all convention members . 
  hence the name convention instead of declaration . 
  probably on go pills aka amfetamine or something related . 
  many militaries still use them to keep troops fighting longer and without sleep . 
  as for comes to ban against death sentence . 
  it is n't there for the criminals . 
  it is there for the first innocent person we are going to collectively execute with it . 
  so until someone figures out how to bring back the dead in order to give the innocently executed their lives back , when we collectively go `` oopsie , that did n't go as planned '' couple years after the implementation of the sentence , that ban is and should be in place . 
  actually 12 is the minimum . 
  and though people are usually released at some point in the name of rehabilitation , finnish criminal code still knows endless life sentence . 
  it is fully possible to sentence and keep one indefinitely in finnish prison . 
  12 is the maximum for fixed-term sentences . 
  after which the next leg up is the starting from minimum 12 year ( since why not just give fixed term , if it 's going to be shorter ) life sentence . 
  do you want me to post the relevant part of the criminal code or can you look it up yourself ? 
   this is n't high school , it 's politics . 
  surprisingly often those two have pretty much in common . 
  no we ca n't . 
  that ban on death sentence is absolute . 
  it is there for a reason . 
  frankly better throw them in jail in finland in high security for life sentence instead of them making it out free in some other country . 
  guys like these must have zero changes to escape or avoid justice . 
  hey its prime time tv and so exciting and action packet . 
  happy national stubbornness day for everybody in finland . 
  may it stubbornly refuse to disappear from the map for the next 98 years also . 
  if they want to have a training camp up north they must share with fdf , it has dibs on the range . 
  yep . 
  why else would russia get involved to them frankly pretty unimportant civil war . 
  they are n't in the let 's spread communism business anymore to support ideological friends . 
  not that assad regime was anyway ideologically aligned . 
  the only reason russia is involved is tartus . 
  otherwise i 'm pretty sure russia would be pretty happy to just leave the west in peace to dig their own quicksand pit in a middle eastern civil war . 
  unlike usa , russia does n't have a world cop complex . 
  excuse me , but russia / soviet union has had a mediterranean base for decades . 
  guess where : syria . 
  you always pay for free open society in blood . 
  there is not exactly lack of people doing bad things in the world . 
  if it is n't foreign terrorists it is local criminals causing blood spill . 
  not gon na work . 
  the `` invading foreign empire '' event card will cause a backslash known as `` all unite against foreign enemy '' event , that will negative pretty much any possibility of progress . 
  hard fact is , you ca n't force democracy . 
  if you invade and keep after victory free elections , one of the first national referendum is probably for you to leave the country . 
  people usually do n't like other nations occupying their nation . 
  if you do n't leave `` in order to make sure democracy holds in the country '' , well it is n't a democracy anymore is it ? 
  if you leave and the people do n't really want democracy or know how to run it , well it collapses to chaos and dictatorship . 
  so regardless what you do , it comes down to `` do these people want to be part of democratic process '' . 
  there is no fast way out of this problem . 
  it is going to be a long and slow propaganda , education and ideological slug fest between secularism and religious fundamentalism . 
  probably going to take couple generations to completely hash out . 
  though the freedom side does have a secret weapon . 
  it is called internet .
