  well even here in nordic it takes proper ventilation setup in the walls and properly prepared dried woods . 
  hmmmm ... do n't know ? 
  maybe canada has higher humidity percentage on average compared to nordic area . 
  so it does n't work in there . 
  though we get by its much rain and snow here . 
  do n't know . 
  and yes if you build the wood house wrong it will also rot in here . 
  also not all houses are solid log . 
  some are , but more common is wood frame and wood planks as facade over it . 
  frankly to me metal facade sounds like amazingly expensive . 
  specially specialty metal like aluminum . 
  like sure there is small thin sheds out of it or specialty structures , but normal houses ? 
  surely wood or even brick is cheaper , both made out of dirt cheap material aka our own backwoods or dirt . 
  cultural difference possibly ? 
  based on my experience us nords just love our wood buildings . 
  yes they could , but that is part of the security scenarios . 
  in order to disarm fears and suspicions between european countries , the countries agree to share the project , even if some of them could handle it on their own . 
  essentially france and germany disarming fears from the smaller nations and from each other by voluntarily giving up their national rocket ideas and doing a joint project . 
  thus a ) not having a quickly convertible system solely under their control b ) showing willingness to co-operate and share the technical secrets . 
  just like the joint fighter projects . 
  lets build a airplane together , so we show we are still buddies , we have no secrets from each other and neither of us can secretly build ourselves thousand of these , because you would notice when your nose cone factory suddenly got order for 1000 extra nose cones with no planes on your known plane list to match them . 
  plus it is an expensive project , you pay half , i pay half , we take 10 % efficiency cost increase due to the joint project . 
  it makes no pure economic sense , because the reason is not economic . 
  it is completely political and mostly a head game between different european nations and the security that head game brought between european nations was worth the economic cost . 
  not economically , but politically . 
  edit : of course now with deeper integration and long term of cooperation the security policy case is weakening . 
  now it is more about legacy and about prom barrel project ala american states . 
  freedom fries much ? 
  usa was n't exactly happy about it and it still shows . 
  and so it is okay to topple other democracies , but not okay to topple dear friend uks democracy for example ? 
  that is a pretty huge double standard . 
  by the way you might want to look up war plan red . 
  so that is exactly how buddy buddy usa was with uk until the empire fell enough to be under usa hegemony . 
  is usa going to probably attack any nato country?no , but there has been plenty of times where it is ahemm ahemm about that trade deal . 
  not all american coercion is military in nature . 
  but you see us finns here in the border line for example are going to get attack by both usa and russia . 
  by russia to deny access to usa and by usa to get access to russia . 
  so spare me the `` we are your good friends '' . 
  you are our good friends exactly as long as you can use finland as route to saint petersburg . 
  you know cia wrecked a finnish company , because they were too good at their job ? 
  rauma repola oceanics was not supposed to be able to build mir-1 and mir-2 submersibles . 
  as soon as they did cia walked in and threatened to ruin the whole rauma repola unless they stop building submarines capable of getting to american communications lines . 
  why do you think there is only maybe 10 , deep ocean submersible ? 
  they are n't that expensive to build in the end and there would be lot to explore , but same submersibles can get to communications lines . 
  so now each major nations owns 1 or 2 which they guard like hawks . 
  one minor player tries to get to the field they get killed off , for dangering the proliferation of the technology . 
  because everyone wants a part so that the rest ca n't launch the rockets with out their approval . 
  same reason european steel union was made . 
  interdependence makes fighting between people hard . 
  second security concern , eu needs fully independent launch capability regardless of cost pretty much . 
  of course there is the `` we ca n't afford this at all '' cost limit , but otherwise not much else . 
   yes , of course the us was protecting us interests . 
  but the us interests were almost 100 % aligned with the interests of people living in western europe . 
  as long as countries did what usa wanted . 
  we know what happens to democracies that do n't do what usa wanted . 
  iran and syria figured it out fast in 1950s as did some central american and south american nations . 
  for supposed beacon of democracy usa has great aptitude in destroying democracies and putting dictatorships in their place . 
  superpowers do n't have friends , they have interests . 
  problem is n't the launch cost , it is the cost of the satellite the unreliable rocket just blew up.plus building satellites takes time , so unreliable rockets cause delays . 
  actually skylon is the successor to uks last governmental ( well private but government funded and supported , technically it was a british aerospace project if i remember correctly ) space launch project hotol from the 80 's, 
  yeah the lucky proposition of being the place to actually get wrecked to pieces when usa and soviets decide to get it on with each 0their in their geopolitical pissing match . 
  also what mostly protected europe from traditional war was massive conscript armies , which make occupying the countries a living guerrilla warfare hell . 
  think usa and iraq times 1000 or soviet union and afghanistan times 100 . 
  national security ( well european security in this case ) trumps cost concerns . 
  europe needs rockets to compete with rest of the world ( not in cost , but in ability to launch satellites at all ) and if europe builds rockets together they ca n't lob those rockets on each other . 
  remember why the whole eu project was started . 
  to make us interdependent enough to make another inter european shoot out match impossible . 
  that is worth the tax payer money ( even for the tax payers.having to rebuild the continent again would be hugely expensive undertaking . 
  not to mention that little pan european war thing . ), 
  plus arians space will always stay in business . 
  just like for usa , access to space is matter of security concern in europe . 
  so if eu must pay for massive losses for arians space to ensure , european satellites get to space , even if usa , china and russia do n't like that specific satellite , then it will . 
  which is why eu also build galileo . 
  because it was too important to be left to chance whether usa and russia play nice with their gnss for the next 50 years . 
  there is far bigger things than commercial profits in play here . 
  who would dare do such injustice of lack of attention span of more than 5 seconds to such a great artist ? 
  0h we will , but the first ones to the party are big american cities . 
  ca n't interconnected world . 
  usa problems are world 's problems , because us has decided to stick their nose in every nations pies . 
  which means all nations have stuck their nose in the american apple pie . 
  we would we just laughing our assets of and leave it to collapse , but that amount of military hardware combined with anarchy and political chaos is not a good mix . 
  how many nukes is usa going to lose , when the civil unrest starts . 
  soviet lost quite a bunch and hand he 'll of a time to track them down . 
  i suggest you look up the current composition of cabinet ministers and parliament and the finnish meps, 
  so how many miles are they going to lose ? 
  soviets had a huge job tracking theirs down , when they collapsed . 
  probably , they have n't learned in 200 years . 
  but one has to try . 
  lets just hope the nukes stay in the silos , when the unrest starts . 
  so this ai n't pure altruism . 
  we did . 
  you did n't even go for the juicy bits . 
  we had same president from 1956 to 1982 ( we had this thing called kekkoslandia ) . 
  yeah and that is the problem . 
  they complain about all these problems and blame `` the other side '' or third parties without realizing the two party system and the election system that creates the two party system are the real trouble makers . 
  i do n't know may they are just so used to the two party system having grown up with it , that it has become a kin to a law of nature and they do n't even consider it something to be examined or able to be changed . 
  it is really weird . 
  okay , this game , lets play . 
  two candidates with any kind of realistic chance of winning . 
  fine ?
