  i know it is always met with huge `` you ca n't do that '' , mostly by americans whose police ( as far as i know ) firearms tactic ( outside of less possibly lethal stuff like tazer ) is pretty much single track trained to put a hollow point to heart for instant kill stop ( yeah i know it is to stop , but the explicit method of stopping is killing so do n't go sugar coating it americans . ) . 
  finnish police has a more varied training on the matter of firearms usage . 
  will a finnish officer shoot to heart , if necessary ? 
  yes . 
  however they are trained and ordered to avoid that at absolutely all cost . 
  really only situation this would happen in is that finnish officer gets taken by surprise by an firearm armed individual and has had no time to prepare . 
  then they will probably put a center mass shot from their sidearm . 
  the thing americans do n't understand about finnish police : finns do n't play fair , when it comes to firearms and police . 
  police in finland is not going to engage in a rushed pistol to pistol shoot out . 
  not unless they get taken by surprise or otherwise absolutely have no other option . 
  what happens normally ? 
  heavy response is called in and they ai n't playing fair . 
  incomes mp5s ( or even something heavier , if necessary ) and in a hurry . 
  the initial patrol hunkers down and boxes the person in a `` security zone '' and evacuate civilians . 
  unlike in usa where the initial patrol usually charges the situation , under the principle of eliminating the situation as soon as possible no matter how un-favorable your odds are . 
  it is a difference in tactical concept and training . 
  usa believes in eliminating the situation as soon as possible in under thinking : the longer situation , any situation no matter the case by case situation , goes on the longer there is time for bad things to happen . 
  finland ( as much of europe ) believes in avoiding the split second decision involved with this instant reaction tactic . 
  instead they belief is best option is to stabilice , de-escalate and give everybody time to think . 
  then if lethal force is necessary it will be used pretty much with calm and hard methodical discipline and efficiency . 
  heavy response takes over . 
  they come in with mp5s ( or even heavier stuff ) . 
  person is armed with firearm , so it pretty much means lethal force is already on the table . 
  can you do a leg shot with a pistol : nope . 
  can you do a leg shot with a precision rifle or a mp5 : if you are a highly trained police weapons operator , then factually yes . 
  no matter what americans or other people say the hard fact is this : . 
  finnish police has done this multiple times on record and publicly . 
  one guy was shot to leg for waving weapons around crazily in the middle of the capital , he was shot in leg , two seconds later the police team who shot him were giving him first aid , he was treated in hospital and survived with apparently minor damage . 
  other guy was a husband who had just shot and murdered his wife and was waving a pistol around in a harbor yard . 
  police shot him in leg . 
  he would have survived the police shot , but decided to take his own life by blowing his brains out with the pistol . 
  can a average not extra trained officer with puny pistol do it : nope , but that is why finnish tactic is to remove the less trained and under equipped officers from the situation and let firearms response team handle it . 
  they have the training , skill , discipline and equipment to do things like take leg shots . 
  would they take a chest shot , if necessary ? 
  again yes , but again finnish tactic is constructed on principle of operating in such a way to avoid that kind of situation emerging at all cost . 
  if necessary finnish police usually rather backs down , rather than take a chest shot . 
  they will just surround the person in a fixed zone , secure the scene , evacuate civilians and sit it out . 
  their salary is running , so police are in no hurry to have a shoot out . 
  the saying goes police has always more time than you . 
  only situation where finnish police would rush in would be imminent threat to a hostage and even then the thinking is that rushing in is usually far more dangerous to hostage , than sitting it out . 
  also not having death penalty helps , since it removes the should i go out with blaze or have needle stuck in me calculus . 
  surrendering always means saving your life . 
  in usa criminal might think that it is far better to go out guns blazing and taking couple officers with them , if they are going to die anyway in execution chamber . 
  again tactics and strategy difference . 
  finns do n't have problem with `` i 'm going to hell anyway '' cases , since we have taken steps in strategy to avoid such situation . 
  not to mention ahem ... coucgh ... human rights and executing innocent people ahem ... sorry sore throat . 
  the country is literally under sharia law , which means everything in the country has to do with religion . 
  it is literally being governed by a religion . 
  the whole justice system is based on religious law . 
  yeah well it is pretty much inciting/coercing to breaking the law , which would be illegal . 
  also the kid being intimidated and issuing threats is illegal . 
  on top of that probably child abuse or child neglect investigation etc. , if the parents refuse to stop . 
  still the kid has some responsibility . 
  mainly probably the kid might get punished , if they continue to knowingly lie after it is made clear the court knows about the pressuring and is dealing with it and the court is taken measures to protect the kid . 
  limited legal liability starts at 15 in finland , so you ca n't hide under `` i 'm under 18 '' completely . 
  otherwise the kid would be probably seen more as victim , specially since they are a minor and pretty much beholden to their parents . 
  true it is a possibility . 
  though parents should realize they are making a criminal out of their child , if they do that . 
  perjury is still a crime in ireland as far as i know . 
  rather serious crime actually . 
  courts do n't like it when people lie to them . 
  something about distorting justice and so on . 
  let 's just hope they interviewed her without her parent 's present . 
  this is one of the cases where there parents really , really should not be in the room . 
  they are too closely involved . 
  usually i think it is good to have a parent present as support for the child , but there is exceptions to that rule . 
  this kind of situation being one of them . 
  give her lawyer of her own , so there is someone supporting her and making sure police is not going over their limits , but it should be her lawyer , not her parents lawyer . 
  how it is even ending at court . 
  surely the police have interviewed the girl before charging the boy at which point it is summarily clear the case will collapse and is totally pointless to begin with . 
  or is this again some stupid `` only court can drop charges '' thing . 
  apparently they have n't heard the news about the invention of reliable contraceptives . 
  that is going to lead to such good parent child relationship . 
  `` mom , paps here is my new boyfriend , i hope you like him '' `` jail , he is going to jail '', 
  how about we define being adult as just being childish in little bit different way ? 
  things like mature and childish are so vague and mean so different things to all people to the point of being pretty useless for anything serious like laws . 
  well personally i count i and ii as one big conflict just with a rather big half time , since the absolutely botched end solution of the first led directly to the second . 
  nothing wrong using geography to advantage . 
  however i have issue with people claiming credits to themselves for feats provided by said geographic benefits . 
  had there not been a moat there germans with very high probability would have rolled over uk also . 
  there was , so they did n't . 
  however some people trying to claim brits were somehow specially heroic or fierce to manage keep freedom and from being overrun like other european nations in ww2 is pretty thick , when actually they just won the geographic lottery . 
  sure they were heroic , but so were the belgians , french , danish , polish etc. 
  difference is british isles got rather lot help from mother nature . 
  and the small fact that britain remaining free and independent had lots and lots to do with geography and certain 30 miles wide moat and much less to do with the specific nation of britain or the specific british . 
  britain was pretty much smack middle with the rest of europe in the follies that created the two world wars . 
  certain arms races , certain alliance pacts , certain optimism about wars cleanzing properties for politics etc. 
  or even more majestically first armada , first ship and second armada , first ship . 
  just do n't tell anybody both are one ship armadas . 
  which genetic marker would define that ? 
  is it gagugaaaucguua or gccagaguucucug or some other ? 
  yeah it is technically illegal , but they mostly get around by a ) it 's a long tradition nobody cares b ) they have police escort , so they are under special circumstances . 
  though as far as i know nobody ever actually ask for official exemption . 
  they just ask police for parade escort and police show up and completely ignore the fact that those vehicles are not in no way allowed to transport people on the cargo bed . 
  we already had this fight with sweden and won it . 
  do n't you start also . 
  it is not going to end well . 
  we have half our national gdp of finland invested in santa related tourism business , so we will fight this issue to last present box . 
  you will lose . 
  so you might as well give up now and avoid the shame of defeat .
