  sure the king might have hurt feelings and maybe even hurt national pride , but nobody dies or ends up in hospital as an after effect of breaking that law . 
  or our finnish law about blasphemy , which still for some unfathomable reason is in the books . 
  sure blaspheming someones god can make their feelings hurt , but again nobody ends up dead as result . 
  on the whole another level are stright hate speech laws . 
  not the `` do n't say nasty things about any group '' - type hate speech laws , but the `` do n't incite violence against any group '' - laws . 
  consequences of not having such laws can literally be dead people . 
  though i would say many times it would be better to have a well enforced `` inciting to violence '' law compared to any of these , since it gets to the root matter . 
  regardless of the reason or target inciting to violence should be strightly forbidden . 
  that is the line a draw on free speech . 
  you can offend , hurt feelings and be obscene as much as you want against anyone , but as soon as you start to speak about moving from verbal attacks to physical acts you should be taken to the penalty box by the law enforcement . 
  so enforcement is lacking badly ? 
  it 's not like many of these preachers are subtle about their teachings . 
  how about bans on specific teachings . 
  that should be easy . 
  for example some islamic groups promote honor killings . 
  ban promoting honor killings , since it is a direct incitement to murder someone . 
  same should apply with corporal punishment ( assault ) , beating your wife ( aka domestic violence ) , forced marriage ( falls under slavery or false imprisonment ) . 
  your specific teaching clashes with local laws , you get ban hammered for inciting the breaking of the law . 
  it is not that hard to organize . 
  you ca n't ban religions for religious freedom and free speech reasons . 
  heck you ca n't censor the leaders before hand , but you can make known , that as soon as they incite someone to break the law , they can expect to see themselves in court to answer for their blatant promotion of breaking the law . 
  sweden ca n't insta build like in games . 
  it takes years to build houses in big enough quantity, 
  well technically they need to be detained , since they are criminals and a serious flight risk . 
  they need to wait for a trial to decide their future and possible punishment . 
  kids should go to children protective services , since that is what you normally do and they are a group in need of special protection . 
  also any parent travelling with a kid not willing to register , should be seriously considered for child endangerment . 
  i do n't care what the parent thinks the kids imminent and continued safety and well-being over rules everything else . 
  any parent should head for the nearest official and really safe refugee camp for the sake of their kid . 
  as soon as that kid is registered the country and eu is duty bound to care for them . 
  i would say a mass solution would be a high security refugee / detainee camp due to the sudden and large numbers . 
  i know it is harsh , but chaos is not in anyone 's interest . 
  not even the refugees . 
  they apply for refugee status they get to go to normal refugee institutions . 
  they arrive to north europe and do n't get registered ? 
  they will literally freeze to death in the chaos once winter comes , since it is impossible to hunt down each and every non-official temporary camp these people setup . 
  specially since they do n't exactly always let people know where they are since they try to avoid registering . 
  you want to avoid freezing to death , you register . 
  after that the country is duty bound to provide for your well-being . 
  before that technically the country does n't know , if you are a random schengen citizen . 
  maybe they are schengen people just aimlessly wandering around schengen on their own and in no need of help . 
  on the other hand maybe they are refugees in dire and imminent need of help . 
  authorities have no way to know unless you register . 
  thirdly maybe they are pure illegal economical immigrants trying to hide in the midst of the actual refugees aka they are real scumbags using other peoples misery as a cover . 
  of course emergency medical care is provided to everyone , but technically after that you need to register to get help . 
  otherwise you are a random person from schengen who refuses to provide id papers . 
  schengen citizens should take care of themselves or ask help from their home country , so the location country is in no obligation to provide help beyond emergency care since for long term care they could just travel back to their home country . 
  so in the nordic countries it is pretty much register , be detained or freeze to death withing couple months . 
  i 'm not saying this to be mean . 
  this is the reality . 
  we are willing to help refugees , but to be able to organize the help refugees need to register . 
  it is not out of mean spirit . 
  it is out of necessity . 
  we need head counts and identity information on these people to organize the help . 
  do we need 200 beds or 2000 beds ? 
  is your family with you ? 
  if they are not , maybe they are in other eu country . 
  if both parts of family are a registered refugees , we can find them and re-unite them . 
  it is a matter of practicality . 
  normal jail ? 
  they have committed a crime aka illegally entering the country . 
  even though schengen has removed most of the border controls , it has not removed the basic laws about illegally entering a country . 
  there is just more accepted traveller groups aka other people with schengen area permit . 
  lack of border control does n't mean entering a country illegally is not a crime . 
  as far as i know these people have no official valid travel papers for schengen . 
  it is really the entry country 's failure , they should have jailed them for illegal entering or register them as refugee seekers . 
  however if they are caught in inner countries it is just as valid to jail them for being illegally inside schengen . 
  being really successful in a crime does not make in legal . 
  for example finland has outer and inner borders . 
  moving over either without a valid documentations is just as illegal for people from outside schengen . 
  the no papers rule is only valid for schengen citizens and other valid travelers . 
  if you manage to smuggle yourself over the russian border , does n't mean going over swedish border is anymore legal . 
  it is just easier . 
  the russian border just has more control . 
  border patrol/police/customs is still allowed to ask for papers inside the swedish border , if they have reasonable cause to think someone does not have valid papers . 
  there is just no border guards and the few people on station are customs people hunting for customs rules breakers . 
  this is why it is still recommended or in many countries even mandatory for eu citizen to carry id card or passport around eu , even though there is literally about zero border controls . 
  your id is your travel permit . 
  if schengen was a free-for-all area , no eu citizen would need to carry any papers to another eu country . 
  which is what some people think and do . 
  they get burned , when the need to deal with police officially in the other country . 
  as soon as you say you are from other eu country they will want to see your id , to make sure you are actually a eu citizen and thus allowed to freely travel in the country . 
  well technically your citizenship is the travel permit , but you need your id to prove your citizenship . 
  police have no way to know , if you lie . 
  if you are not in any other trouble this is usually handled in polite manner between schengen countries , by giving a big so so bad citizen talk to the violating person after checking their identity with their home country , but theoretically it is a crime in many schengen countries . 
  technically border control and asking papers on border is not allowed on intra schengen borders and you should not be asked them as a schengen national . 
  however as said police has no way to know , if you lie . 
  so one meter inside the country police can suspect you of being in the country without valid papers ( a crime ) and ask for your papers . 
  even if eu or schengen citizens would no need to carry papers , local police can suspect you of being from outside schengen and those people really do need to carry passport and visa ( minus special travel treaty countries ) . 
  if these transients refuse to ask for refugee status and have no valid travel documents for schengen , they are literally criminals . 
  entering a country without proper documentations or status is a crime ( which is waived for people receiving asylum status , though really technically in many countries you should ask for asylum at the border before fully entering the country ) . 
  they also by their own admission are not refugee seekers . 
  so you arrest them , jail them and trial them . 
  it is up to them . 
  nobody is forcing them to refuse the registering . 
  after that they are criminals and should be dealt as such . 
  it is not like we a punishing them out of spite and do n't offer alternatives . 
  only thing they need to do to get help and avoid being criminal is to register for applying asylum . 
  if they refuse , it is up to them . 
  edit : grammar,
