  then `` to do something '' he moves to raf intelligence eventually ends up working with soe and desert patrol . 
  also as a finn i must give the guy a hat tip on volunteering for winter war . 
  well if you create a two tier system it certainly will not help to lower the segrecation . 
  so you are basivally giving the problem a nice booster stimpack to the arm . 
  of course the people in the private school do n't notice anything until a neighbour hood somewhere goes up in flames , because the kettle finally boiled over . 
  instead you can eliviate the problem by reinforcing equality in the system , which will eventually level out the segrecation . 
  however it will not be easy . 
  the main thing is that when the immigrant heavy school initially and inevitably starts to suffer in results , you will not abandon it . 
  this will lead to increasing segrecation and problems , when immigrants learn that there is no point to invest in schooling , because they are going to go to the `` failing '' school anyway and nobody cares how well they are educated . 
  no education -  socioeconomic problems -  criminality and extreme ideologies can take hold . 
  this : `` school starts having problems . 
  hey let 's abandon it '' mentality is really weird to me . 
  our finnish policy is completely opposite . 
  if school starts failing you give it extra funding and support until it is not failing anymore . 
  it is not cheap initially , but saves the government mountains of money in preventing larger social problems later in the students lifetime . 
  for example we go to very great lengths to start teaching even totally non-finnish speaking immigrant pupils in normal finnish classes as soon as possible . 
  they are put on a intensive combined education and finnish language course for about a year . 
  after that they can be teached along the normal finnish speaking classes . 
  this is in order to avoid segregating the immigrant from local population . 
  get the immigrant interacting with the local population as soon as possible to avoid the fear of unknown problem on both sides . 
  we even encourage immigrant students and parents disperse their enrolment around little bit so that there should be no immigrant only schools . 
  this clearly will lead to massive troubles later , because the immigrant will not learn the local culture from the local students and this will lead to problems . 
  immigrants simply do n't know how you are supposed to act in the local culture , because no one told them the small nuances and social customs and they reasons behind the customs . 
  there is only so much cultural knowledge you teach by teaching it . 
  rest the person has to pick up by living among the local population . 
  this of course reguires that many schools around the immigrant heavy area ( helsinki is trying to avoid this by dispercing the immigrant in different regions . 
  we try to avoid creating `` immigrant ghettos '' ) must be accepting of having number of immigrant student in their enrolment . 
  luckily the municipality does n't have to ask other parents permission . 
  otherwise nimby would destroy the whole concept at the starting grid . 
  you have many schools with a immigrant minority in order to avoid an immigrant only school . 
  it is little bit umcomfortable for both immigrants and locals at start , but probably safes us from heaps of trouble later on . 
  even more contradictory is the policy of providing time and resources to allow the immigrant study their own culture while in the same time enrolling them through a crash assimilation course . 
  apparently someone noticed that the assimilation policies used on sami people earlier had some rather nasty side effects . 
  if you totally force assimilate people without giving any thought to their original culture , it leads to unhappy and angry people . 
  who would have thunk that . 
  is n't that really surprising ? 
  so you must assimilate people enough so that they know how to operate in our culture , but without destroying their original cultural heritage . 
  that would lead to angry people with identity problems . 
  angry people with identity problems are expensive for government to manage . 
  they work on having extra donations , because they can . 
  if they would have to serve the whole population there would not be enough voluntary donations to fill the gap in needed funding . 
  as you said there is not enough of them . 
  do you know why ? 
  because it would not be profitable to run enough of them to keep the waiting list empty . 
  to serve the whole population.public schools can only do it by a ) having absolutely no choice on the matter b ) economies of scale c ) skimping on per pupil resources in order to make sure everyone gets even some level of education . 
  the problem is that people will use this very limited number of selectively operating schools as an excuse to try to get money away from public schools by calling public school bad . 
  public school are not bad , they just are n't the peak performing athletes private school can be by limiting their intake and maximixing available resources with extra donations . 
  which means the people not fitting to the private schools roster will be totally sol , when the public schools fall in a politically created pit of doom due to charter schools . 
  charter school can use extra funding , which means they can out bid for teachers . 
  this means experienced teachers probably move to private school after getting some experience in public schools . 
  this means there will be less mentoring experienced teachers in public school , to help the inexperienced ones . 
  this means the public schools will suffer . 
  unlike private schools they ca n't start a bidding war , because they operate on a fixed budget . 
  this leads to a two tiered system , which is why swedish results have seen a high increase in variability of the results . 
  few high performing racing horses eating most of the hay before the steadily walking working horses carrying all of the cargo arrive . 
  which means there will be less hay left for the working horses , so they will eventually starve at some point . 
  the people riding the racing horses do get to their destination really fast . 
  the problem is all of those riders will also starve to death , because the working horses were carrying all of the the riders food supplies . 
  you ca n't run the country on a small , but highly educated elite anymore . 
  you need the whole nation to be well educated . 
  so focusing on few high performing school is literally shooting yourself in the foot . 
  the problem is the effects take tens of years to appear , so you do n't immediately see you have made a fatal mistake . 
  they have a waiting list for these semi private schools . 
  presumably this means the school can choose their student amount . 
  based on the long waiting list i would assume they have a rather high teacher-to-student ratio and limited places available . 
  this is a luxury a public school does n't have . 
  there is also systemic selection . 
  educated parent go through the trouble of transfering their kids to private school while lower educated parents do n't necessarily bother . 
  so private school look great because frankly they get more educated kids to begin with due to the students parents education . 
  also the non-mandatory donations allowed to private school literally put students to different socioeconomic status . 
  richer parents will happily donate to their kids school in order to get better education . 
  however this puts school to different financial standing , when public schools have to survive on the budget given only . 
  again this allows for example for different student-teacher-ratio , better eguipment etc. 
  so charter schools look really nice , until you try to cram the whole population inside them and they implode under the stress that normal public schools have to handle . 
  public school does n't get to say no more student , we are full . 
  if you are the designated public school of the area , you take everyone or you cry and take everyone . 
  there is no other options . 
  do n't you understand . 
  eurovision is the peaceful way to solve old rivalries . 
  make eurovision , not war . 
   see without eurovision way would have to dig out the railroad guns and bombers , now we just shout profanities at the image displaying box . 
  but it is n't important what is important to uk , instead important is who china consider important . 
  frankly it is funny , because it must be infuriating for old imperium like uk that they are not in the driver 's seat anymore . 
  uk : but china , you are really really important to us china : too bad you are n't important to us uk . 
  yeah pretty sure based on the description in the article at least both torture and assault would apply as crimes for this practice . 
  people want to make clear this is extra heinous , well slap in maximum sentences for both and add terms like aggravated assault or assault with a deadly weapon on the table ( burning hot piece of metal can easily kill a person ) . 
  edit : what really needs to be done about this is on investigatory side , not law side . 
  ergo police and other officials must be given training and orders to be on look out for this and when it happens bring forth trial for torture etc. 
  well the two public cases of this literally actually and factually happening would like to disagree with you . 
  it is on open public record , that there is at least two cases of finnish police successfully executing a leg shot in order to disable an armed threat . 
  this is n't : oh one officer decided to do a daring stunt rescue once . 
  nope this is systematically trained for . 
  can you do this in everyone situation ? 
  of course not , but it does n't remove the fact that it is a commonly used tactic by finnish police . 
  thing is , finns do n't use pistols for leg shot . 
  police here do n't believe in giving the criminals a fair fighting chance . 
  i know it is shocking , but finnish police pretty much insist on bringing in overwhelming and clear firepower advantage , which means longer barrels and officer highly trained enough to do things like leg shots . 
  nope , you are actually correct . 
  though to an extend . 
  it is not black and white as few things in life are .
