  if they do n't want to register , they are by definition illegal immigrants . 
  jail them . 
  part of being refugee is willingness to ask help . 
  you do n't ask for refugee status , you are not refugee . 
  dublin regulation is there for a reason . 
  without it this current flood would migrate again and again between multiple eu countries for the next decade . 
  the idea is good in the regulation . 
  we are just too soft handed in implementing it . 
  the problem is , that eu should just hard declare that anyone going over schengen border without registering as refugee immediately in the first country , loses refugee status . 
  you do n't want to register as refugee officially . 
  well then you are clearly an illegal immigrant and we deport you . 
  ca n't deport you due to safety concerns ? 
  welcome to jail . 
  you just broke our laws . 
  edit : oh and to help the border countries , once registered the refugees could be transferred to another eu country for as a registered refugee . 
  this due to the fact that the border countries would always be overflowing with refugees . 
  sorry i really should be more exact in my writing . 
  i meant dublin regulation . 
  that it is really easy to get through a schengen border and germany has one of the highest living standards in the world ? 
  once you are inside schengen you are basically free to choose where you land down . 
  the thing is they want germany or nordics due to ~ ~ dublin accord ~ ~ dublin regulation . 
  once you settle down and apply for help , you ca n't move . 
  you cross border , you get returned to initial filing country . 
  prevents refugee kiting , where people basically apply in every eu country until they get accepted somewhere , or even if they are not accepted anywhere the combined applications will take years . 
  years during which they are allowed to stay in eu . 
  so the semi economical refugees pick out the highest living standard places , because they know once they choose a place it is final . 
  in theory you are supposed to apply as soon as you arrive in eu soil , but people skirt border control and police until they find a place they like . 
  eu really should put a rule in place , that if you move between eu countries illegally before filing , you lose refugee status . 
  it shows you are not really a desperate refugee , if you have time to pick and choose . 
  immediately after arriving in first eu country , you need to ask for refugee status . 
  then there should be a transfer system , where refugee applicants are distributed between eu countries from overwhelmed countries to countries where there is more capacity to process them . 
  would make sure real refugees get timely help , but would discourage economic refugee seeking , since fraudsters could not guarantee they would land in their target country . 
  you want to economically immigrate to eu . 
  great , we need workers since population is not exactly growing . 
  file for work permit and immigrant status . 
  just remember to do it before you arrive . 
  it is not illegal to want to move to eu for economical reasons . 
  however there is a legal process for that , follow it . 
  i have nothing against immigrants as long as a ) they follow our laws b ) make sure they are employable before they arrive . 
  they ca n't just crash land and expect us to find work for them . 
  some times there simply is no work available . 
  c ) pay our taxes . 
  asking for refugee status means , you are in desperate need of help . 
  desperate people do n't always get to exactly choose . 
  eu countries have obligation to help refugees . 
  we guarantee you are safe , housed , fed and otherwise treated humanely along with your family . 
  however we have no obligation to make sure , that you land in the country of your preference or a town of your liking . 
  refugees are safe , is n't that why theys escaped . 
  for example here in finland some refugee seekers raised a protest , when they were to be transferred from capital area to a more rural refugee center in eastern finland , i think . 
  according to refugees they were being sent `` in the middle of nowhere '' , which was unacceptable according to them . 
  well sorry , but all southern metropolitan area refugee centers are at capacity all the time since the refugee seekers arrive in south finland usually . 
  refugees are constantly funneled to rural northern and eastern centers , which have better capacity . 
  frankly partly due to rural setting allowing larger housing facilities . 
  of course a refugees `` in the middle of nowhere '' is a finns `` an idyllic rural town with beautiful nature around '' . 
  many fins would prefer that place to helsinki , but all of the jobs are in helsinki . 
  also any refugee asking to come in finland . 
  you probably land in lapland , since newest centers are opening there . 
  which means 6 months of absolutely darkness in the winter in compensation for midnight sun in summer . 
  so think twice , if you can handle that . 
  apparently some refugees get really depressed due to the lack of sun , since they are from equatorial areas and used to daily sun . 
  problem is russia is hit and miss on their degrees . 
  some of the higher academic institutes have really strict standards , but when you get to the more general places it 's hit and miss . 
  if get a guy from a some of the moscow or st petersburg national academies , you are talking about cream of the crop in the world in some fields . 
  for example you get a russian aerospace engineer from the main institutes related to their space program . 
  well you are talking about one of the hand full of institutes who actually have managed to send real space probes and design real space rockets . 
  guys who are testing the same newest re-entry techniques as nasa . 
  those guys do n't mess around with the standards , because rockets go ka-boom on miscalculation or the lander crashes instead of touching down . 
  however on the other hand russia is a really large country and has lots of universities and institutes , with varying standards . 
  you take a random graduate from a random institute in a random city somewhere beyond ural far away from the central government and institutes . 
  you might get a really well trained guy or he might know absolutely nothing . 
  well depending on definition private schools are illegal in finland . 
  by constitution it is illegal in finland to charge citizens tution for any kind of finnish common public education degree/diploma . 
  by eu this extends to any eu citizens and then by treaty to efta , i think . 
  technically you can ask tution from people outside that area and some universities have started considering it . 
  however this is somewhat contentious since some see it as a breach of the spirit of the constitutional quarantee for free education as a human right . 
  you can start a private school in finland . 
  however a ) you ca n't ask tution . 
  the government will finance you same as other schools aka from public funds based on the number of students . 
  b ) you need to ask for permission from the ministry of education and they make sure you teach the national core curriculum . 
  international school get an exception , for being international . 
  c ) you must be non-profit . 
  making business profits on education is seen as profiteering on a fundamental human right . 
  the one exception for no tutions are some non-finnish language international schools , since they really are n't part of finnish education system at all . 
  however they are still on register . 
  the rule is a school must register for permit with government . 
  they just get expection from all the rules for not being a finnish school at all and not providing any finnish diplomas/creditations . 
  mostly these are couple schools for diplomat families etc. 
  there is couple christian religious schools . 
  then there is montessories or other alternate teaching method schools . 
  couple special education schools like a school for deaf persons . 
  couple adult education institutes . 
  couple fore mentioned international and special language schools . 
  in all it accounts for the massive number of 75 . 
  in the start of the finnish education system some schools were started as local non-profits , when the locals banded together to get a local school started due to lack of municipality run school nearby . 
  some of these still exist though most of them shut down or converted to public schools . 
  a school near mine was a private high-school due to it being started by a local non-profit after ww2 . 
  only way a student would know a difference , would be when the staff mentioned it as a weird historic curiosity of the school . 
  it was the municipalitys only high-school and for all intents and purposes was the locall public high school . 
  nobody just had bothered to convert it to a municipality run school or start a municipal public school , since it would have made zero difference . 
  basically the only difference between `` public '' and `` private '' schools in finland , is that privates do n't have to deal with municipal byrocrazy , since they are run as a non-profit corporations instead of being a department of the municipal government .
