`` it 's too cold '' these idiots trekked all the way up the europe to arctic circle and are surprised , that it is cold at the arctic . 
  not exactly the sharpest pen in the box are they . 
  they went through many warmer countries and could have stopped at any point . 
  like a phoenix , the kalmar union rises from the ashes of the european chaos and terror bringing peace , order and prosperity to everyone in the north . 
  ( - russia - canada ) does this means we get to actually use the crown from the kemi museum , since clearly the new union head will be finnish and needs a crown . 
  do n't worry they wont turn all back . 
  someone told them a lie , that finland is a great migrant country . 
  so now tornio is getting 1000 migrants per day . 
  those guys are really going to like living in lapland in couple months . 
  i think they all thought they get to go to helsinki , but surprise surprise helsinki has acquired a chronic housing deficit . 
  so they all are going to live at least the first 6 months in emergency housing , read we are building barrack villages , in tornio and neighboring municipalities . 
  even after that they will be placed in some rural municipality , with lots of empty houses . 
  not to mention the necessity to know finnish for any manual labor jobs or other mass employment jobs . 
  finnish being a language , which is known for it 's simplicity . 
  if these guys are not going to arrive with a degree in it or researcher credentials , nobody is going hire them for speaking english only . 
  well actually there is one job , picking harvest and berries in summer . 
  however the seasonal thai pickers have a lock down on that market . 
  once you register in one eu country you ca n't asylum shop anymore in different countries inside eu , so their first buy is important . 
  apparently hungary is not an appealing first buy for asylum location . 
  so they flat out , when specifically asked to do so to get help , refuse to register in hopes to get to another country to have a better first buy . 
  or even more factually . 
  `` refugees refuse to be refugees and register for asylum . '', 
  by law anyone forcing the border is a criminal and by definition anyone entering eu without proper paperwork and not asking for asylum at the border is an illegal immigrant , not a refugee . 
  being refugee gives you rights , but also obligations . 
  one of them being , that you openly declare to be a refugee seeker and let the system take care of you . 
  i do n't get this boohoo poor refugees not getting help talk . 
  all they have to do to get help is to request asylum status . 
  after the host eu country is by eu law duty bound to care for them until their asylum status has been determined . 
  if there was reports of the official refugee facilities mishandling or abandoning refugees , i would be outraged . 
  but as far as i can read , i have n't seen such reports . 
  sure there is lack of resources now and then due to the sudden large strain on the system , but it is to be expected while the system hits the high gear to handle the situation . 
  if they refuse the help offered , it is their own fault . 
  we ca n't exactly force feed them and they are n't asking for help . 
  instead they just wander around europe in a totally chaotic mass . 
  anyone asking for help gets registered and helped . 
  it is a pretty no-brainer-system to have people register . 
  even for purely practical reasons you need to register all asylum seekers . 
  yeah , they conveniently leave out the refugee registering station working nearby . 
  the stupidest thing is it is all unnecessary . 
  if you appear at hungarian border crossing calmly and utter the words `` i 'm an asylum seeker '' to the border guards , they will take you in . 
  they will put you in a asylum seeker facility , but they will let you in . 
  the thing is , if they are allowed to enter hungary they are under hungarian laws . 
  i 'm pretty sure throwing your child over a fence intentionally counts as child endangerment under hungary 's laws and hungarian child protection services will intervene . 
  so they might decide , that the parents are not fit to be parent . 
  so the child gets asylum and goes to foster care . 
  parents get nothing . 
  raise the penalties in civil servant ~ ~ negligence ~ ~ dereliction cases ? 
  because literally ~ ~ negligence ~ ~ dereliction is just as bad a breach of duty as is handling some situation wrongly . 
  not handling an issue is certainly a wrong way to handle an issue . 
  you can see this in militaries . 
  one of the worst crimes in military justice is dereliction of duty aka not doing your job . 
  edit : argh my english head is broken today, 
  there is two problems a ) nato does n't do enough unification . 
  nato is good in all out case of war ( article 5 is pretty clear ) , but during peace time ( aka most of the time ) or operations out of article 5 purview nato is pretty hands of with members outside of agreeing on equipment and command standards . 
  sure there is the spend this much money rule , but a ) people ignore it b ) all actually operations are voluntary . 
  to get real cohesion benefits from the large combined defense budgets there pretty much has to be the boogieman or the salvation ( depending on person view point ) : eu unified army , under eu parliamentary control . 
  there will be no massive cohesion benefits as long as countries individually decide , when to move and not move troops . 
  until then eu countries will bicker endlessly about cost in money and possible man power and everyone will only do operations that directly benefit them . 
  sometimes cohesion means doing something not directly on your interest on the promise , that you get quid pro quo in some indefinite future not immediately foreseeable at the moment of your input . 
  this is why eubgs are basically useless at the moment . 
  they are supposed to be rapid reaction eu forces , but each bg member gets a vote on go-no go . 
  so by the time decision would have been done , the use window would be closed . 
  also bg members do n't get compensation from other eu members in case of deployment , so nobody wants to deploy since it is far more expensive to actually deploy , then to just train for deploying . 
  so the bgs are a paper tiger . 
  all member militaries say , that from forces point of view they are ready to deploy . 
  they actually spend money on joint training , so it is little stupid to be on constant train and to actually contractually have soldiers on stand by , but to not have a clear plan how and when to use them . 
  which means bg 's are never used on pretty much anything until somebody ( for example eu parliament ) can give a solid binding go-no go decision on a single sitting . 
  basically there should be a clause , that input of troops to a bg means you give permission for eu to decide on their faith . 
  b ) not all of europe is in nato and even if it was there would be problems . 
  simply put the american baggage is too heavy . 
  nobody agrees to nato doing direct decisions on their troops deployments as long as usa can decide to start a `` pre-emptive war '' at any moment and then try to call in nato to support . 
  all countries want to decide case by case , if usa is again f *** ing around or if there is actual cause for outside intervention , outside of usa serving it 's own interests . 
  with eu army under eu parliamentary control there would be greater guarantee , that one nation 's self-interest would not be cause for a outside war . 
  of course there is eu 's self-interests as whole , which could cause eu deployment , but eu usually bickers too much to get such self interest together . 
  frankly any eu country regardless of nato status is in practice guaranteed article 5 type protection for an all out war . 
  a ) eu ca n't take the prestige hit to let one of it 's members fend for itself alone without the overall union intervening to aid b ) there is a thing called common security and defence policy , which contains a solidarity clause . 
  basically it is a more informal version of nato article 5 . 
  so if a eu and nato member gets attacked they would trigger both . 
  they would call in nato with article 5 and demand eu aid based on csdp . 
  the thing is many members are in nato but eu itself is not . 
  so technically eu central control is obligated to do nothing based on article 5 . 
  which is why csdp is a thing , it involves the non-nato eu members and in addition involves the eu itself by treaty . 
  of course in practice most of the time this is unnecessary due to the realities on the ground and the deep eu nato co-operation , but still sometimes in edge cases formal treaties are important . 
  though initially there was gentlemanly agreement that eu would not duplicate nato , eu pretty much has started the process already . 
  there is eurocorps , which is basically a duplicate start up replacement for nato c&c in europe . 
  eubgs are initiative to replace nato rapid reaction force . 
  european defence agency is basically replacement for nato joint equipment buying . 
  so basically eu has all the offices and agencies in place on ready to go mode , but all of them are waiting on the stands for the start pistols bang . 
  basically european armies want a joint eu army to boost their numbers and force capability and as such have made sure , that as soon as political go ahead happens , things will happen fast . 
  frankly there probably is in eurocorps or eda , full ready made plans for all of this . 
  those are just not made public , because it is not politically correct for the military arms to make assumptions about political decision . 
  so in case shtf happens in baltics both nato rrf and eubg will deploy , because attack on eu is at the moment pretty much the only serious enough thing to get eubg members to agree on something . 
  also such attack would trigger csdp at that would pretty much force the hand of the on-duty eubg countries . 
  and frankly that is the real guarantee an baltic safety . 
  papers and agreements are nice , but as soon as eubg trooper from outside the attacked country gets hit , the home country of that soldier is undeniably involved . 
  some for nato rapid reaction force . 
  yeah i think the problem is that there is serious laws about regarding free speech and then the not so serious . 
  this leads to none of them being enforced . 
  enforcing the serious laws lead to calls for enforcing the not so serious laws , so the serious ones also do n't get enforced . 
  for example in your case the law about kings honor , which frankly in the whole scale of the society is not important .
