  on the other hand normal people do n't usually go around bombing and shooting people . 
  so crazy terrorists are a pretty self selecting group . 
  you need to have pretty complete lack of empathy and complete lack of self-preservation to even think about doing these things . 
  well not a ak-47 . 
  however i did carry around a rk-62 with folding stock for six months . 
  believe or not i even loaded and field stripped it . 
  takes less than a minute . 
  if you do n't know what an rk-62 is , go ask your friends in / r/military . 
  you do know they have different levels of prisons and different levels of blocks inside the prisons right ? 
  you ai n't gon na get to go to a posh minimum security rehabilitation prison with nice bonuses , if you get that kind of sentence . 
  instead you go to local super max and live in a concrete box with a metal door . 
  alone with no one to talk to except for couple hours per day . 
  which by many police departments count does actually count as officer death ( even officially . 
  in some places attacking police dog does count as attacking police official ) . 
  they might be k9 , but they have been given lawful right to bite any bad guys they come up against with . 
  rip k9 . 
  literally the storm trooper and mvp . 
  took one for the team . 
  couple humans owe their lives to that guy now . 
  which frankly from what i have heard police are very aware and appreciative of . 
  some of the craziest and awesome animal saving stories are about injured police dogs . 
  sometimes police has literally medivacced dogs by helicopter from a raid to directly to er surgery to save the dogs life after they took one for the team in a raid by going in first . 
  yeah frankly absolute certain life sentence in high security prison is far worse for the person than a death . 
  death is lights out , that is it no more troubles . 
  you ca n't be troubled by your death , if you are n't there to ponder about it . 
  living decade after decade in a 2 by 3 meter concrete box with prison food and the knowledge you will newer get out and die there out of old age.that is far worse for these people . 
  no glorious death , no going out with style , no infamy , no virgins and no heaven . 
  just a meaningless husk of a person who is forgotten in to a box couple years after his/her sentence starts . 
  wow they reloaded ??? 
  that is so damn hard to do . 
  specially with a weapon designed for idiots to use like an ak . 
  something that takes 5 minutes to teach to anyone what half a brain and 30 minutes to train to adequate proficiency . 
  mostly these people can be calm , because they are willing to die . 
  most people panic , because their survival instincts kick in and they panic about staying alive and about fear of death . 
  these people have chosen to die so there is nothing to panic about outside of making sure the body count is as high as possible before police kill you . 
  devil island is still there , though now it is mostly a rocket launch tracking station . 
  no amount of security resources ever will provide perfect security , so it is stupid to try to get perfect security no matter the cost . 
  not having perfect security is just something people have to get used to . 
  classic `` keep us safe '' reaction . 
  it has lead down to many very bad roads . 
  pretty sure they stop at north germany or south sweden when they feel the first frost and ice . 
  why do you think finland has a comprehensive social security system . 
  people in 1800 's literally freezing on streets in the starting mass urban cities was pretty much enough for us . 
  before that the village culture took care of people . 
  though i must say that we are down to tents so worst case scenario , that is not out of realm of possibility , is that some refugees might freeze to death in finland . 
  we try to avoid it , but arctic winter is nothing to mess with . 
  one heater failure and those tents get cold fast . 
   lets not forget that syrian refugees did stay in the neighbouring countries for the last four years of this war , but that neither turkey nor jordan are really safe and they are also completely overcrowded with 2 million syrians staying there . 
  oh okay so this is spill over . 
  it makes more sense . 
   also , if i were a refugee , i would go to the country actively welcoming me , instead of the country with mini erdogan shouting how he doesnt want muslims in his coutnry . 
  i guess this is a case of be careful what you wish for . 
  it is all nice and dandy to say refugees welcome , but the country better have ample resources ready , planned and in deployment storage center ready to truck to make good on that promise before they make that promise . 
  otherwise it is going to end up really bad for all sides . 
  on the other hand would it not be more efficient to move the aid to the refugees instead of the refugees moving to the aid in a completely uncoordinated mess . 
  if hungary 's conditions are horrible , then have rest of eu parachute in with extra emergency gear so that the conditions are not horrible anymore . 
  i know nobody likes spending resources outside their own country , but to me it seems to more sensible approach . 
  if hungary does n't like it , just dangle the phantom of european human rights court in front of them and removal of all eu niceties , if they do n't play ball . 
  if it still is n't enough then move the over flow of refugees in a well organized fashion to other eu countries for long term asylum instead of this current absolute mess . 
  i understand refugees , i do n't understand why we ca n't handle this in a well organized , efficient fashion . 
  it makes absolutely no sense to anyone including refugees to have this absolute chaos going on . 
  partly it is eu messing up the planning , partly it seems to be refugees absolutely refusing to play by the designed system , which leads to absolute chaos . 
  refugees coming to finland with absolute no warning , when we can realistically only provide tent accommodations to such large amount of people on such short notice during a arctic winter ??? 
  not a good idea . 
  people might literally freeze to death . 
  actually no . 
  locals hate warm winter . 
  finns want a good winter with plenty of snow . 
  warm winter means wet slush instead of snow and that is 10 times worse . 
  also no snow means more darkness , since snow is really good at spreading the minimal amount of light available . 
  either finns want it to stay clearly above zero all the time ( not gon na happen , hence why some finns go to mediterranean for the winter ) or a good brisk winter with optimal being probably -15 celsius . 
  cold enough to keep things from melting , but not cold enough to prevent winter sports . 
  well not freeze to death , since at least here in finland we know how to do winter tent accommodations , but they will be plenty miserable . 
  but then why travel so far ??? 
  there are plenty of safe refugee camps between for example germany and syria . 
  why travel all the way to germany , if the plan is to go back . 
  why not stay in a nearer country ? 
  are they saying whole of turkey , balkans and eastern eu is fully unsafe . 
  pretty much any reputable nation near a war zone ca n't throw out refugees . 
  they would get eu and un on their heads and for example registering in hungary is sure bet to get yourself in the eu refugee seeker program after which you are pretty much safe . 
  all travelling through safe countries without registering does is make their changes of getting actual asylum harder , since nations look at all the safe countries seeker travelled through and go : `` you ai n't no asylum seeker , international rules say register at first safe harbor , you no register , you no asylum seeker . '', 
  is n't that just a re-purposed army field hospital ward tent ? 
  so they are literally breaking out the last ditch emergency gear from fdf and national emergency supply agency , stuff meant for war or major shft catastrophes . 
  this is getting pretty serious . 
  nesa must be in full scramble for this behind the scenes . 
  do n't envy those guys . 
  `` oh we got how many thousand more today ? 
  it 's not like we were at capacity already last week . '', 
  well it keeps rain out and with right heating is farm enough , so technically tent is suitable enough . 
  though why any one would want to wander through europe to end in that for the finnish winter , i wonder . 
  though i must say i thought the immigrants very fully nuts already in june . 
  even with full building housing the arctic polar night by itself already is not a nice experience to immigrant from near equatorial regions . 
  at least this is the report i have heard from all the foreign students i meet at uni . 
  they all lament how the winter nights are absolutely horrible , if you are used to seeing sun daily . 
  add in the weather difference and all i can say : what were they thinking ??? 
  there are places around the world with much nicer surrounds to end with , if decide to travel long distance for a better life . 
  sure you might get some money from government in finland but a ) it is nowhere near enough to make living luxurious considering many of these people very somewhat middle class in their origin country b ) employment opportunity is pretty much zilts since none of these except for couple odd ball linguist can talk one word finnish and without finnish your employment change is zero . 
  it is pretty small even with finnish . 
  they must be crazy to travel over a continent to want to specifically end up in finland . 
  it 's not like we finns are any good at marketing to lure people here , so somehow on their own they got this on their head .
