  someone had the bright idea on locating the landing site in finland at [ guard jaeger regiment ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guard_jaeger_regiment ) in santahamina island next to the capital . 
  basically means the landing connection is protected by a whole military base and it 's restricted military zone both on land and water . 
  also the network operator is a finnish majority state-owned company . 
  note this cable was pretty exclusively built , because it became known , that the swedish [ fra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_defence_radio_establishment ) was capturing all of finland 's traffic and selling the juicy bits to nsa . 
  let 's just say our government was not too happy . 
  basically this is a national security move to ensure independent , state controlled communication link to directly to central europe . 
  it would have been far cheaper to just add extra capacity to the optic lines going through sweden to europe ( as we had been doing for a decade ) , but government wanted an independent and redundant line to europe . 
  supply security is a big theme for finnish government , since we are in the middle of nowhere at the edge of the arctic . 
  government likes to have redundant everything in case some crisis again cuts supply routes ( lessons learned from certain world war . ), 
  this is basically a big flipping of bird to swedish government and fra for being not nice and systematically capturing all trafic going over swedish border . 
  little bit same , but smaller version of the brasil-europe fiber optic cable . 
  do n't worry . 
  in a total hypocrite move our own government is just planning to add some surveillance powers to our military and intelligence service . 
  hopefully the massive up roar and fear of losing it business will keep the additional powers at reasonable level . 
  yeah , nokia corporation of espoo , finland is still well and kicking . 
  it has two subsidiaries : nokia networks ( the mobile infrastructure business ) and nokia technologies ( renamed nokia research center company . 
  nokia 's equivalent of xerox parc . 
  does long term r&d and holds nokia 's massive patent war chest for licensing and combat . ), 
  other nokia companies : nokian tyres and nokian footwear.these were separated from the main corporation in 1980 's and are independent companies . 
  well it is the traditional linkage . 
  member state messes up commission intervenes . 
  commission messes up ecj descents from the founding treaty heavens and ban hammers everyone until everyone is in compliance or cries and is in compliance . 
  somebody really messess up ecthr appears and everyone wishes to be far far away , when the sentencing starts . 
  frankly i must say the ecj , ecthr setup is one of the best things in eu . 
  for once there is a international , pretty much independent ( atleast to my experience and knowledge ) court with the actual legal powers and backing to get things done , when necessary . 
  both courts basically have power to say to any eu or member nation organization `` stop that , you are breaking base treaty x or eu law z '' . even better neither court at least to my experience `` takes no prisoners '' , when it comes to eu . 
  they will make eu commission cry and pull hairs and scream in frustration , if they see commission breaking the european base treaties and do n't seem to give two flying butterflies , if it is expensive or inconvenient to fix things . 
  and since both courts are international with international judge panel , they usually cut straight through any national interests bs , that could hamper even national high courts . 
  is this again case of ecj having to come to the rescue to save europe from their own stupidity and corruption ? 
  yeah giving single firms sound pretty bad already from an antitrust viewpoint . 
  government giving favorable deal to a company , means that they get a competitive edge . 
  well there is long traditions for that . 
   people used to `` jopata '' just about everything over the river to both directions depending on the need . 
  many of the torne river islands used to have surprisingly well stocked shops in them . 
  do n't forget alcohol . 
  the standard call in the bear team story in finland : depressed husband , whose wife just left , started binge drinking , decided to show the world how angry he is , takes out his hunting rifle and starts taking potshots out of the home window , possibly to instigate a suicide by police situation . 
  version : two the wife did not get away and it 's a hostage situation also . 
  on top of everything else . 
  standard finnish solution : evacuate , isolate and wait it out until the guy sobers up and surrenders . 
  however if someone really really wanted you dead in finland , nothing you could do about it . 
  high power hunting rifle , scope , snipe , you are dead . 
  everybody likes to chant the `` guns do n't kill people , people kill people '' , when they totally ignore the availability of lethality . 
  without guns a bar fight is just a drunken bar fight and someone needs to get stitches at the clinic . 
  add in guns and you are milliseconds away from permanent life and death situation . 
  how you add in guns to otherwise minor everyday conflict situations to make them scary as hell ? 
  by telling everyone to carry one around always for `` self-defence '' . 
  or maybe because malta is in eu ? 
  ergo malta and other european nations are kind of long term pals . 
  like seriously they do n't need a reason to deny foreign ( a non ally specially ) military ship access to their territorial waters or ports . 
  nations are not under obligation to refuel random other nations warships . 
  if said random nation ca n't ensure refueling of their navy , maybe said random nation should n't send their ships too far away from their home port . 
  yeah well that is the `` though sell '' part . 
   see like ireland , finland has defence forces , in name and in meaning.so i could see a slim chance of selling us finns on `` eu combined defence forces '' , because we have defence forces already . 
  but anything even smelling little like force projection will get a instant no go . 
  so i thought maybe there is slim chance of getting same sold to the other neutrals under the defence force idea ( just like we all already have , but just bigger pan european one or joint pact between said defence forces strictly in case of attack on said nations territory ) , but as said it is a slim as heck sell even then . 
  finland being probably the easiest sell , since we have long land border with dear old russia . 
  well i was n't referencing any specific case , just that even small whiff of hinting to anything even resembling offensive posture for the alliance being mentioned and we are off and million miles away . 
  even absolutely iron clad defensive alliance is going to be a hard sell . 
  we have defence forces and we mean what we say . 
  understand that to get us ever on board it is not enough to say `` yeah it will be defensive in nature '' . 
  we will need black on white exact treaties and decisions . 
  iron tight ones . 
  we have a conscript military , so understand when we declare state of war for an alliance , it wo n't be some professional volunteers coming over to help . 
  it will be conscripts . 
  you must understand the conscripts concerned parents brigade is a really really politically influential voting block in finland . 
  even distant rumor of unnecessarily involved conscripts in war is a no go . 
  so yeah , we will need a new definition , a long and exact one in a treaty , with your seals and head of states signature under it . 
  and even once mentioning intervention is why the neutrals are n't joining . 
  we are going to need pretty hefty ensures on the defensive nature of the eu military alliance or we do n't join . 
  any talk of any interventions is a big big no no . 
  the conscripts concerned parents brigade would storm and raze to the ground the parliament building even on rumour of us getting involved in alliance , that would mean their dear sons and daughters might end up fighting in some far away land . 
  only interventions we finns do are in the form of blue helmets . 
  and sweden and finland are pretty active peacekeepers . 
  this `` intervention '' attitude is why sweden & finland along with ireland & austria are against joining allegiances . 
  interventionist alliances get you tangled to wars . 
  so unless there is pretty huge ensures that the alliance is purely and completely defensive , the neutral wo n't join . 
  even then it is a though sell . 
  of course un mandated peacekeeping is a different matter . 
  remember all the split have been over non eu members . 
  there is pretty big difference between the owed obligations between eu and non-euand between eu and eu . 
  for example ukraine is n't eligible for article 42.7 protection . 
  baltics are . 
  yeah . 
  that is the one follow up from this . 
  it was going to happen anyway at some point , but now that america has showed their capability for ... ehhhh ... lets say irresponsibility and unpredictability in their politics that process will get hastened to make up for the scenario that usa becomes an unreliable ally . 
  eu has the combined defence budget to do it . 
  all it takes is coordination and political decisions . 
  i do n't think usa realizes just how much this is gon na cost to them in eu diplomatic . 
  europe is playing nice ( relatively speaking ) , because in exchange usa has been a dependable ally . 
  if usa becomes unpredictable and undependable , eu will start to distance itself to minimize damage of the political shocks emanating from usa . 
  that is completely different . 
  other nations also have primaries . 
  so by that definition other countries have three round system . 
  party primaries ( only difference these are much smaller affairs due to the larger numbers of parties ) , first general election round , second general elections round . 
  well personally i always thought eu common security policy and eu army were and are way better option for us finns than nato . 
  90 % of what nato offers and none of the baggage . 
  like seriously did people suddenly forget article 42.7 does exist . 
  so technically we are already in the eu military alliance . 
  we would anyway be along with baltics and other border countries the `` hey lets fight here '' lands for a nato vs russia conflict . 
  so no matter who wins in the end , we get wrecked to pieces .
