  happy now . 
  go watch adam ruin elections and cgp greys election system videos . 
  oh sorry mixed videos . 
  yeah you are right . 
  well if one does n't start , one never gets to their destination . 
  i never said it would be easy or fast , but as far as i can see americans are n't even trying . 
  also frankly , usa does n't have much of a choice . 
  the whole damn country is collapsing due to systematic political dysfunction . 
  the system simply put is unsustainable in the current information age . 
  usa will have election reform one way or another in next few decades . 
  only question is how deep usa drops in the abyss before fixing the situation and if the situation has time to get bad enough to turn to major violence and civil unrest . 
  i have watched hundreds american news clips and reports about this election talking about third parties and spoilers and how hillary and trump are horrible and lesser of two evils . 
  what i have n't seen ? 
  i single news clip or article explaining how the problem is systematic and how it has to do with the election system . 
  how the solution is election reform instead of blaming third parties for existing or voters for being stupid . 
  its not like duverges law is a new thing . 
  each state has the constitutional freedom to choose their election method for choosing house representatives , senators and electors . 
  they should use it . 
  though the only single seat district law by congress is in the way of some of the proportional system . 
  though i 'm pretty sure congress could do nothing if say california adopted say stv for their federal house of representatives elections and told washington to take a hike with their single seat district rule . 
  what they gon na do ? 
  punish california for adopting a modern election system ? 
  so this can be done state by state , if necessary ( which it probably is ) . 
  see maine question 5 . 
  it is a small glimmer of hope , though irv is not best of methods for multi seat races . 
  still it is million miles ahead of fptp . 
  why do n't we tell the real reason why nothing is happening . 
  this two party system serves both democrat and republican politicians just fine , regardless of the fact that it is ruining the country for every body else . 
  ( maine question 5 is happening , because due to third parties maine democrats are in a weird position , where a more fair election system is advantageous to them . ), 
  frankly this either takes a mass grass roots movement ( people get really really angry peacefully ) running this through state by state or revolution ( people get angry non peacefully ) should this not be taken care of before the frustration goes over the tipping point and turns to mass civil unrest . 
  i would rather see someone build that grass roots movement t , before we have another american civil war on our hands . 
  it ai n't good for america or for the americans or for anybody else for that matter . 
   maybe that 's what needs to change . 
  i would rather we follow the will of the people than the will of a corrupt and self-interested establishment . 
  you have the right to suggest that . 
  but until uk has whatever counts as constitutional change under your rules , you play by the current rules . 
  those current rules say parliamentary representative democracy . 
  it does n't say direct democracy . 
  it could like in the sswitzerland but it does n't . 
  or do you want someone just to decide absolute monarchy is cool and bring it back without a constitutional process . 
  because that is what you are suggesting . 
  changing the state form based on what feels nice this week . 
  yeah but they do n't claim to be the greatest front page of the internet , they are just a regular plain old average front page of the internet . 
  well your main problem is , that you have only two candidates . 
  it does n't really matter who the candidates are . 
  the low number of parties alone already is the problem . 
  even if the two at the moment were amazing candidates , inevitable at some point there will be situation where both candidates are horrible and then you are screwed if you do and screwed if you do n't . 
  so , electoral reform ? 
  pretty please usa , electoral reform as soon as possible . 
  for both your and our sake . 
  i would have said the solution would have been to get more parties involved before one hits two `` both are horrible '' situation , but you already hit it . 
  i suggest america takes this election as an educational lesson about the dangers of two party system and how choice of election system affects the whole political culture . 
  well the guy does n't have a single character . 
  he does various caricatures of various people . 
  so he does n't have a single character . 
  of course it is from a more leftist point of view , but that is because nearly all of europe is left of usa . 
  our right is where bernie is . 
  our left makes bernie look like a dirty free market capitalist , because we actually have hearth to honest socialists and even couple sworn communists . 
  so it makes usa look pretty darn stupid , when even big media outlets call bernie on american national television a socialist ( while clearly implying between the lines he is considered communist , but it is not politically correct to say out loud since that would remind people of red scare ) . 
  one has to be completely deaf or not have listened through the song once to believe that . 
  it ai n't really subtle , when about the first words in the song are ~ first time i got kicked in the head was when i was born ~ and the song title is born in the usa . 
  like not to notice that shows some amazingly long length of ignorance . 
  or do americans have some pavlovian reaction about the stars and stripes and because flag is on the album art the song must be about how awesome usa is ? 
  well it seems to be official upload by the production team . 
  thing is overall popular vote and mp seat wins are legendary in disagreeing with each other under first past the post . 
  do n't know the specifics , but due the the election system it would n't be unheard of for majority of people to vote leave , while still have majority of mp 's from pro remain constituensies . 
  such are the funny ways ofm first past the post . 
  problem is not design . 
  it is nuclear building . 
  it is extremely expensive to build nuclear , because everything has to be triple checked due to the huge risk involved with a plant failure . 
  unlike with other stuff it ca n't be `` it looks about right '' . 
  nuclear safety will demand it to be exactly like in the design . 
  which means over schedule and over budget pretty much every time and majorly so . 
  we finns have our little project . 
  only triple schedule and triple price at the moment , whoever knows when the plant is a really ready . 
  so anything a nuclear builder promises you double both price and build time and you have a realistic starting point for conversation . 
  finnish police will `` shoot to kill '' ( center mass ) in self defence or to protect the public , if they deem it necessary . 
  as i said they shoot to wound , ** if ** and only if the situation allows for it . 
  it is n't automatic , that they try to shoot to wound . 
  if officers think shoot to wound is not possible or is too risky , then they will shoot center mass . 
  it is up to the judgement and assessment of the officer , if it is possible . 
  of course doing wrong assessment can have devastating consequences , but then the officer has to carry responsibility for those decisions after , whatever they decided to do . 
  which is why police get extensive training on situational assessment etc. 
  as for my source , finnish media . 
  news reports and couple documentary series about finnish police work , where officers have commented on the issue . 
  police is pretty open about the fact that they sometimes do shot to wound . 
  i can try to dig out the news reports , but they will all be on finnish . 
  basically the policy is shoot to wound is used , when use of firearm as mode of force is justified aka basically imminent lethal threat not solvable in other ways . 
  why not use non lethal ? 
  well because there is situations , where non lethal devices wo n't work . 
  usually due to long distance etc. 
  so it is either risk officer trying to get closer to get to tazer range or use firearm . 
  at this point officer would be pretty well justified to use lethal force ( and shoot to wound is essentially lethal , you can easily die from it , but it is survivable at times . 
  they newer say shoot to wound is form of non lethal , rather more like possibly survivable lethal force . 
  they usuallyn use reporting like `` lethal force with a firearm was used , target was wounded , but survived and was given treatment . '' ) . 
  so given the right circumstances they take a wounding shot to increase the survival of the target ( police here takes duty to protect life , even criminal life pretty seriously ) . 
  but if situation does n't allow for it then it is bullet to center mass . 
  police here just seem to be pretty adept many times in arranging themselves in situations in such way , that there is a way to wound . 
  but not always . 
  just last week police here shot a person dead at the end of a crazy chase .
