  it is still being investigated so exact details are not out yet . 
  then again about two years ago under one week helsinki pd took two wounding shot . 
  both persons carried handguns . 
  though one turned out to be a blank shooting starter pistol afterwards . 
  another had just shot his wife with a pistol . 
  both got wounded . 
  both would have probably survived , but the one who shot his wife shot himself in the head after police shot him in the leg . 
  the another went to hospital was treated and survived . 
  so it depends . 
  it is not a general `` do it always '' rule , rather more the option for it is left open , should the situation allow for it . 
  it is one tool in the force use tool bag and it is pretty much situation by situation what gets used . 
  and does it put officers in a dilemma . 
  yes . 
  of course it is a hard decision , should i wound or just shoot to center mass . 
  which is why again , police get extensive training to assess situations like this and do such decisions under pressure . 
  and often these shots are essentially taken by essentially swat trained officers , since even hint of a firearm being in the situation sends a scramble call for nearest tactical team or special weapons team to be called on the scene . 
  also why should police risk their lives ? 
  because they volunteered to be police officers ? 
  hard truth is police officers accept certain danger in choosing their job , just like for example firefighters do . 
  does it mean they should recklessly endanger themshelves or be willing to accept any level of risk ? 
  of course not , but putting oneself between the bad guys and the bystanders always involves certain level of risk . 
  it is a sacrifice police officers are willing to do here , even to the extend of risking themselves for the benefit of the criminal . 
  sacrifice for which they frankly at least here in finland enjoy ( fully justifiably in my humble opinion ) a very venerated status and high respect of the population . 
  majority of people in finland very probably would not fault police for taking a center mass shot , rather than risking themselves and going through the trouble of trying to preserve the criminals life . 
  however they still do it and are highly respected for it . 
  it is just part of policing here . 
  human life is held sacred and the police here will go to rather extreme lengths to protect it , even the criminal ones . 
  edit : as for rest of europe , of course there is differences . 
  but these shoot to wounds seem to happen often enough in my observation , that it seems that in most european forces it is considered an acceptable way to use force in certain situations . 
  just like in finland ? 
  aka nobody gets their head bit off by superiors for doing shoot to wound and it is trained by at least some of the officers for example by the tactical teams . 
  do n't know about norway but here these are usually done by heavy weapons patrols or even tactical team , so not exactly poor shots . 
  the standard operations seems to be that normal lightly armed patrols hang back and evacuate the nearby area and then tactical team moves in to do the arrest and takes the wounding shot and rather deliberately . 
  two or three mp5s pointing at the person and the only shot taken hits a limb , while the other officers do n't take repeat shots even though they clearly stand ready as back up . 
  of course it could also be dumb luck shot in the heat of moment in belgium or even accidental miss , but hit . 
  however i see far to many reports of these wounding shot happening compared to the total amount for it be accidental . 
  not to mention police in here openly says they intentionally took a wounding shot to incapacitate the person and why they were justified to do so . 
  usually followed by instant first aid . 
  pretty standard practice for many european police forces . 
  they usually always go for wounding shot , if the situation allows for it . 
  of course takes a darn well trained and cold headed officer to pull it off . 
  usually also a carbine weapon . 
  at least here in finland they like to use mp5 carbines for it due to increased accuracy over sidearm pistol . 
  are you walking around asking every foreign looking person `` have you adapted to our country ? '', 
  or do you just assume that none have ? 
  when we win ice hockey plus the one time for lordi ? 
  yeah this is more like sex worker , welcome to being any legal business in germany 101 , than `` oh we are so oppressed '' . 
  you have voluntarily entered to legal business in germany , say hello to german levels of record keeping aka the people who never throw away any record and record everything . 
  all other business also is registered and have to keep employee records ( subject to inspection should there be legal cause for it ) for tax purposes . 
  what they want ? 
  to be a legal taxed business without being on the tax record or without having to tell the nature of their business ? 
  i 'm sure many other businesses would like that deal also . 
   on the other side there were cases of women who got sentenced for illegal tax evasion . 
  they were prostitutes who are seen by the law as selfemployed and should pay income tax . 
  but that is kind of difficult without telling that you are a prostitute . 
  and if you do you have to register yourself . 
  just like any other entrepreneur has to register their company in the company register for tax purposes and just like many other fields have to apply for licenses to run a business in a controlled field or economy and be subject to regular inspection . 
  so sex workers welcome to the world of legal business.being legal does n't mean one gets to do whatever they want , rather exact opposite . 
  being illegal is doing whatever one wants and by being illegal one loses the protections awarded to legal business . 
  it is a deal . 
  one follow rules , one get to for example call cops and cops protect and help the person instead of cuffing them . 
  these people think the restaurant next door likes their health inspections or the transport company likes the driver rest rules and log keeping bureaucracy any more than sex workers like being registered . 
  if one ca n't take the stigma of being a sex worker or the stigma of bein outed , i have a suggestion : do n't be a sex worker in the first place . 
  it is absolutely voluntary in germany ( minus trafficked actually forced people , who are victims of crime , not entrepreneurs ) . 
  germany has rather comprehensive social safety net . 
  so nobody can say they have to be sex worker to put food on table . 
  if one says `` but i need it to afford other things '' , well that is a choice sex work for having nice things , stigma for being to afford nice things . 
  even the more long term solution is not stopping registering and regulating sex work . 
  rather it is campaigning to remove the social stigma in first place . 
  which one does by normalizing the job , which includes normal regulatory regime and people not hiding their job . 
  why should they ? 
  it is a legal profession and germany is n't going to criminalize prostitution in 5 years . 
  and even if they did the old list means nothing , since laws do n't apply retro actively . 
  what they have right to is not be charged for being prostitute when it was legal . 
  afterwards they are also qualified to ask for unemployment benefits for rather long time , since their job was just made illegal . 
  but guess what they right to unemployment and welfare benefits already now . 
  but it is moot since germany is n't going to criminalize prostitution . 
  the benefits of legalized , regulated prostitution are far too good for the state in lowered crime , lowered healthcare costs etc. 
  which by the way has lot to do with this regulation about condoms . 
  if some gets std guess who is picking up the pieces and medical costs , oh that is right the government and tax payers . 
  so it is good economics , not to mention good for the well being of the workers themselves to make condoms mandatory . 
  do n't like it , want to be anarcho free and negotiate with the john freely , well one can go do their sex business in some other country . 
  just remember that along with the regulations disappear all of the considerable protections provided by the regulated german society . 
  yeah the problem with bailing out banks is that bankers are really slow learners . 
  which means they will make same mistake again , which means you have to constantly bail them out . 
  combine this with the ever increasing size and wealth of the banks ( partly due to the bail outs ) , one is just postboning the inevitable moment , when the crash is too big to be bailed out even by the governments . 
  guess what then not only the markets and economy collapse , but national governments too . 
  ai n't that going to be a happy time . 
  all because bank executives are so short sighted that they do n't see that maybe it is bad idea for their children , that their daddy and mommy put in motion boom bust cycle and never tried to stop it . 
  this is going to be like adopting metric system in many countries still based on imperial in practice . 
  25 years from now uk is still `` leaving '' eu having never filed for it formally using excuses like having to do another preparatory committee , another study , another governmental panel on how to do it exactly , now being especially bad moment , stars not aligning , mars not being in retro etc. 
  aka they do n't want to leave , but ca n't back out officially due to the referendum . 
  so instead they are going forward at speed of zero . 
  does this new trade zone also come with it 's own representative parliament ? 
  should he still be president , if that most votes was let 's say 5 % . 
  because that is a fully legal position to win under plurality voting . 
  plurality is not majority and actually the difference is pretty huge . 
  yes they are legal code , since ireland 's like nearly all nation 's constitution say that the nation must abide by it 's international treaties and said international treaties have clauses that say , that it over rules national law and is legally binding in the country . 
  the supremity chain in eu is european convention of human rights  eu law ( when it chooses to overrule nation )  national constitution  national law . 
  which is why the top courts in eu are the european court of justice and the european court of humans rights .
