  all of human knowledge one click away . 
  most of these radical ideologies thrive on controlling the message and information available aka indoctrination . 
  so best weapons is free flow of information . 
  after that you just have to trust that at base level all of humanity is decent by nature and when given access to all relevant information will make the right decision . 
  any effort on censorship or absolute control of the information is going to be counter productive . 
  one key way to get religious people to stop be religious is to get them to read their holy book from cover to cover then allow them to compare it to wider human knowledge . 
  after that pretty much anybody will realize how utterly stupid the holy books are . 
  in case of both japan and germany it was more of a `` lets remove this single mad man driving this country crazy '' instead of let 's build secular democracy mission . 
  the well organized idea of secular democratic society was already there , it was just temporarily suspending due to dictator ship and extreme nationalism . 
  in case of japan and germany it did n't take `` decades of occupation '' to get secular democracy back running , frankly because it was not very hard in those two nations cases . 
  staying in japan and germany for decades had much more to do with superpower politics than `` ensuring the good behavior of these populations '' . 
  instead here you have a ideology boosted by religious fervor . 
  it is a much different beast to slay . 
  there is no army to crush or leader to kill . 
  you have to win the ideology in the long run and that pretty much happens only by having a better ideology . 
   also , you 're basically talking about the fact that people do n't radically follow the christian teachings to the letter but choose to discard parts of it . 
  well , it 's the same in all religions including islam . 
  which was my point . 
  if muslims were more secular ( aka they pick out the parts that fit with secular democracy from their religion and quietly discard the rest ) in their culture , there would be no problem . 
  both christianity and islam as ideologies are at their base pretty rotten monotheist absolutist religions , in both their god multiple times advocates killing people not following the religion and support things like slavery and oppression of women . 
  difference is absolutist and fundamentalist islam still has serious hold over large societies of people unlike christianity . 
  it actually was waning and muslims were becoming secular ( some parts of muslim world are already/still secular so clearly it is not inherently impossible for muslims to become secular . 
  after all muslims are people and people are really good at cherry picking and rationalizing on variety of topics ) , but frankly geopolitical reasons caused a rise in radical islam . 
  partly as a last resort for struggle part due to people intentionally trying to use fundamental islam for political ends . 
  for example iran was well on it 's way to a democratic secular nation , until certain superpower intervened , backed a dictator and caused a backslash that drove a religious fervor with it . 
  another favorite is usa basically creating the new wave of global jihad by backing , encouraging and funding the mujahideen , which was a literal usa backed radical islamist jihad against no good communists . 
  only problem : when they light the fires of a holy war putting it out is not as easy is they think and holy warriors do n't really care who the initial opponent was since their god demands world domination according to their thinking . 
  so everyone will get in their sights at some point . 
  in contrast even southern european countries with strong catholic traditions are by now really fundamentally secular in their society . 
  can you divorce and remarry in italy ? 
  yes , even though according to catholic church it is a deadly sin . 
  so clearly catholic church does n't have that much power , if they ca n't steer the society on a such fundamental matter . 
  do n't get me wrong there is places in africa and south america , where christianity still has hold and boy does it leads to fucked up shit . 
  so it is not that christianity is good , it is that christianity is powerless in western world . 
  for all their huffing and puffing even the american evangelicals have n't been able to stop the march of the secularization on their country and they damned try 10 times harder than the monolithic , inertia troubled and slow big churches . 
  well most of europe has stopped believing in christianity a long time ago . 
  so yeah europe stopped believing in the women oppressing religion of christianity . 
  hence the problem . 
  if europe still actually believed in christianity , there would be no problem since both sides would be equally up to up on the women oppressing . 
  they would probably exchange women oppressing tips with each other . 
  majority of europe by now are either out clear secularists or `` tradition christian '' aka they in no way believe in the religion , but stay on church record for traditions like marriage and burial . 
  `` well we want to have a nice wedding , so we did a church wedding . '', 
  most everyone talks about even the religious church weddings is how beautiful place the church was for the wedding and how lovely looking the couple was in their wedding dress . 
  as such at the moment the european secular society steers the main religions instead of the traditional position of religion steering society . 
  women priest , same sex weddings , hip cool youth pastors etc etc. 
  all the major churches are tripping over each other on who can be most `` with the times '' in order not to lose their membership fees . 
  you are right . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  what mostly matters is two russian pilots are dead and russians are n't overjoyed about it . 
  most the images tell is , that pilot had no time to react and hit the after burners and sweep wings before getting hit . 
  but this is reddit and internet . 
  we all live on empty half meaningless speculation . 
  why else would people come to sites like this . 
  su-24 is variable wing craft . 
  given it 's job and mission in syria , it might have been wings open and flying slow to aim for a strike run . 
  ground attack planes on strike run try to fly as slow as possible to allow for longer aiming period . 
  edit : checked images . 
  based on images of the hit plane it was flying with wings spread , so probably on a strike run towards a target just on the syrian side of the border . 
  whiskey on the rocks . 
  russian whiskey class submarine hit the sea bottom on swedish waters and surfaced . 
  yeah . 
  agree . 
  mostly my point was same as with many others here . 
  you do n't need to be a big mastermind to do a run of the mill terrorist attack . 
  you need some basic `` community organizer '' level skills , couple not completely idiot crazy friends and one good weapons contact . 
  assuming you want multiple participants instead of going the easy easy route of doing it all on your own . 
  of course as with everything : everything is better , if you do it with friends . 
  people are talking like they had a big master plan and are some scary out of this world battle commanders , when a basic band promoter or warehouse manager does much more extensive planning in their job compared to these guys . 
  this masterminding and fear mongering just gives these guys level of mysticism they do n't deserve . 
  instead the hard truth as someone pointed out is : it is not really that hard to penetrate the security of a open country with personal liberties like freedom of movement and to do a run of the mill `` spray people dead '' terrorism . 
  the reason more attacks do n't happens is n't really due to good security . 
  instead there just is n't that many people willing to die for terrorism . 
  hard part is getting weapons in a place like france . 
  staying under intelligence radar ? 
  in a country of millions ? 
  just keep your mouth shut and do n't know spewing crazy publicly . 
  that gets you on watch list . 
  you take couple extremist buddies , meet in person only , talk about the plan in person only , on electronic just send messages type `` meeting at 5 on my place '' which will just blend in with all of the completely normal exactly similar messages and do n't spew crazy around people . 
  presto you are a needle in a haystack . 
  guns that was their really `` mastermind '' part . 
  where they got the weapons and how they smuggled them in to the country . 
  main assumption seems to be here they had help from criminals gangs . 
  once they have them it is not a really big deal as long as you do n't go bragging with them , but getting guns in first place is hard in france . 
  usa is a cheerily helpful country for terrorists on this point . 
  no need to bring our own weapons , when you can buy more weapons than you would ever need straight from the target country and nobody asks pretty much any questions . 
  which makes preventing terrorism in usa 100 % impossible ( well actually terrorism is 100 % impossible to prevent in anywhere , but do n't tell that to the security services promising to do exactly that ) . 
  the `` loners '' get always through because they can buy a gun and next day be shooting up a shopping mall with zero possible warning to any security service . 
  specially if they read up and adopted some ideology on their owns and decided to further that ideologies cause all on their own . 
  these guys ca n't be tracked through `` known agitators '' or social graphs of known contacts . 
  why this is n't bigger bruhaha is , that most of the domestic terrorism gets reported as crazy person mass shootings or arson or as `` lone crazy lunatic bombed abortion clinic '' etc. 
  in usa so people do n't realize they have a massive domestic terrorism problem . 
  they know it as the `` gun violence problem '' . 
  they just are so used to it and numb to it , they do n't realize they are under constant attack by violent ideologies of every kind . 
  well the other favorite method these guys use . 
  despite all their haram haram religion , they are usually doped to the top while doing this shit . 
  so they do n't get stressed , because they be mellow and cloudy . 
  but i admit you need probably 3/4 of a brain to learn to use ak in 30 minutes . 
  so you are correct i did error with half a brain it takes couple hours . 
  we are n't talking about normal people here . 
  yes normal people get stressed .
