  it must be the damn international media spreading positive lies about finland . 
  damn media , damn . 
  well that is nothing new . 
  mandated guaranteed minimum livable income has been in constitution for decades . 
  oh that ice free ocean port in the north . 
  it would be so sweet to have one . 
  of course the fertile farming land in south east would also be nice to have . 
  frankly i have policy to not trust any reporting within first 24-48 hours after this kind of incident . 
  emotions are running high . 
  even public officials sometimes give out incorrect information in the `` fog of war '' . 
  not to even talk about `` eye witnesses '' ( there is tons of research on the fact that you can trust about 0 what the eye witness says about a stressful situation , since human brain has a bad habit of filling out blanks unconsciously , so even well meaning eye witnesses are fully unreliable ) , reporters reporting out right fabrications for clicks or people reporting hearsay as facts . 
  not to mention some people maliciously posting even pictures or video that is from completely different incidents while claiming they are from this incident to muddle up the situation . 
  so i 'm going to wait minimum 2 days before i believe anyone 's , including the police 's claims about the background or motivations of the attacker . 
  depends on which sort of terrorist person is . 
  nordic police being nordic police . 
  all you will get out of any police official in any nordic country in this kind of situation is `` 1 attacker , appears to be adult male , situation has ended , investigation on going . 
  we are not going to comment further until we have more concrete facts from our completed investigations . '', 
  which is frankly good . 
  it may frustrate outsiders , but it prevents people from doing hasty conclusions based on incomplete , but `` official '' information and starting a public lynching mob . 
  it is funny to see the differences in reactions between officials and publicly funded broadcasters and commercial media . 
  publicly funded organizations : attack happened we have few basic facts to tell you now . 
  however everything is still little bit in the `` fog of war '' as is typical in these kinds of situations . 
  let 's wait a bit so we can get more concrete facts . 
  we ca n't do anything anyway , so let 's allow the people trained to handle these situations a time and peace to handle the situation professionally . 
  commercial media : the target was apparently a mixed ethnicity school . 
  it must be a hate attack . 
  click bait headline here . 
  next we are going to hound the grieving friends and family for interview : follow us live on stream . 
  mainly people do n't want to align with western superpower and piss of the eastern superpower . 
  pissing of superpowers in general is a bad bad idea . 
  specially if you sit next to one . 
  even if you have your own superpower backer , you easily end up as a battleground and that is no joy . 
  specially if both superpowers decide you would make for a nice scorched earth buffer zone between their main interest areas . 
  aka you get the hell bombed out of you even , if you manage to stay independent . 
  usually the better idea is to stay out of the way and let superpowers have a gun barrel length measuring contest and proxy smack down with each other at some other part of globe . 
  eu membership squarely puts finland in the `` west '' camp . 
  lisbon treaty is two cents away from official pan european safety pact . 
  things like eurocorp and franco-german brigade and eu battle groups are pretty clear indicators eu members are not satisfied with nato only . 
  nato is bit of a m.a.d doctrine so it is not suitable for handling more mundane problems . 
  mainly it is about economies of scale . 
  nato gives zero economies of scale under normal circumstances , since thought a joint pact it is not a fully joint organization just a group of compatible organizations . 
  so unless eu want 's daddy usa to come save their bacon every time with their economy of national scale ( in no way really guaranteed outside of ww3 situation and full declaration of article 5 , in which case we are all dead anyway when icbm 's fly ) , europe needs their own economy of scale . 
  which means fully integrated and joint eu army , so that we can maintain a peace time economy of scale and reasonable response capability to intermediate size security problems . 
  again unless everyone want daddy usa to save everyone 's bacon all the time and let me tell you that ` daddy aid & bacon saving ' ( tm ) is not a free lunch for the receiver of said aid . 
  it comes with strings attached and some people have serious worries about what is at the end of those strings . 
  after all usa is a imperialistic superpower just like russia and china . 
  superpowers do n't have real fixed allies since they do n't need them , because they are superpowers . 
  instead they have interest countries . 
  sometimes being interesting is a good thing , sometimes a really bad thing . 
  no no no no , not giving it to sweden . 
  after all we went to special trouble to negotiate \u00c5land 's special tax zone status , when we joined eu . 
  not going to let that effort to go to waste . 
  directly from our official customs office website : `` the special status of the \u00c5land islands when finland became a member of the european union , it also committed to applying tax systems according to eu directives in its indirect taxation . 
  according to the \u00c5land protocol in the treaty of accession , however , the \u00c5land islands is excluded from the application of eu vat and excise tax directives . 
  thus the province of \u00c5land , like the rest of finland , is part of the customs territory of the european community , but it is not included in the fiscal territory . 
  the purpose of the special status of the \u00c5land islands was to maintain the right to tax free sales in the ship traffic . 
  the ship traffic is of vital importance for the province 's communication , and the intention was to support the economy of the province this way . 
  the special status of the \u00c5land islands has made it possible to continue selling tax free goods to passengers in the vessel traffic between the \u00c5land islands and other eu member states , although the tax exemption in the traffic between eu member states ended as of july 1st , 1999 . 
  this exception also makes tax free sales possible for passengers travelling between the \u00c5land islands and mainland finland . '', 
  that is not by accident . 
  basically the ferry companies said to governments around the baltic coast they would stop finland-sweden traffic unless they could sell cheap booze on the cruise . 
  this is because they make all their money on the booze selling . 
  the tickets themselves are sold on almost no or even negative profit . 
  so the options were a ) ferries from finland to stockholm stop their business b ) finland negotiates a special tax deal . 
  there is no real obligating reason for the deal really . 
  \u00c5land is an autonomous province of finland , but not that autonomous . 
  the treaty of the special status is from 1921 . 
  it had absolutely nothing to do with taxes or international commerce and everything to do with local culture and local political rights . 
  so they could have easily had the standard eu tax policy since it is pan european regardless of local politics , since the original treaty in no way dealt with economics , customs or taxes . 
  finland and \u00c5land local government just used the autonomous status as an excuse to get the tax free status . 
  it is a huge boon for \u00c5land , since it means basically all baltic ferries in the region stop at \u00c5land to get that magic `` visited \u00c5land '' tax stamp . 
  so \u00c5land gets port fees , tourists and makes sure they have regular passenger traffic to both finland and sweden . 
  finns on the other hand get to buy tax free products ( mostly booze ) on a one day ferry trip . 
  \u00c5land has secondary important role purely through it 's location . 
  it pretty much blocks of the gulf of bothnia from the rest of the baltics . 
  making the gulf basically are fully safe sea area for both finland and sweden from military point of view . 
  since we get along it is basically a fully safe shipping route in crisis as long as the \u00c5land is occupied by friendlies . 
  which is partly why \u00c5land has it demilitarized status . 
  who owns \u00c5land owns the access to the gulf behind it . 
  so it was agreed to be kept demilitarized to keep things friendly . 
  however though it is demilitarized during peace finland ( or sweden ) have no intention to leave \u00c5land undefended in crisis . 
  finland did have , did execute during ww2 and still have plans for operation regatta aka western military district will deploy rapid deployment forces ( probably mainly swedish speaking marines from nyland brigade ) to \u00c5land on first sight serious of trouble . 
  as extra back up it is well known public secret that sweden has similar backup operation in books in case finland fails in it 's deployment . 
  sweden would rather apologize to finland about the border violation afterwards than let the islands to fall non-friendly nation . 
  not possible . 
  anybody tries to take \u00c5land , we will activate regatta . 
  we need to have our special tax zone . 
  how else are we going to get cheap booze from inside finland ? 
  i would say finland is much more likely to push for an eu army or official nordefco , than join nato . 
  we want a defensive pacts with someone , but the whole usa thing is giving bad taste to nato . 
  if nato was europe only we would have joined years ago . 
  til though when you think about it makes sense . 
  wonder , if they will keep the bell labs in al or move it under nokia technologies to solidify the research arm of the company . 
  more likely named after the finnish coat of arms and it 's heraldic animal : lion . 
  lion is a traditional heraldic animal in finland and many things are named after it . 
  like the national hockey team [ the lions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland_men%27s_national_ice_hockey_team ) . 
  funny since only lions in finland are in zoo . 
  but if you want to gather prestige for the project in finland you include * lion * in the name . 
  the german one , if they want to tap it . 
  the finnish end is little problematic without direct governmental approval from finland .
