  so ecb/eu is hanging an axe over greece , so that ecb/eu can borrow money to greece so that greece can pay back and old loan to ecb/eu . 
  how about ecb/eu just leaves the whole new loan thing alone and gives an extension on the old loan time . 
  human debts are not forces of nature , you can alter them . 
  they are not bind by laws of physics . 
  ofcourse the new loan will be on emergence interest rates . 
  so lets make some extra money on an already insolvent country . 
  if systematic changes are not implemented , this same debt payment and new loan circus will go on indefinately over and over again . 
  systematic changes take years , so mullying about if greece can make it on a specific date is rather pointless . 
  eu politicians must just love late night negotiating , because give these pointless couple month extensions , when everyone knows nothing can change in such a short time and you and up in the same negotiations again . 
   nordic countries have sustainable welfare states since they have industries along with positive trade surpluses . 
  something greece does n't have . 
  along with good governance . 
  something greece does n't have . 
  it has nothing to do with sustainability and everything to do with necessity . 
  even if it was not sustainable , we would have to have a welfare state . 
  i think you missed the part about people dying . 
  let 's repeat . 
  people die , if the governmental social safety net is cut away . 
  clear enough . 
  good example of not working governmental safety nets : african famines . 
  if the deptors want blood on their hands , sure go ahead cut away the social safety nets . 
  just do n't be surprised when greece falls to total anarchy . 
  you cut away the last line of economic defense from peoples lifes and they will get desperate . 
  desperate people do desperate things : like start riots and start to loot . 
  demanding greece fixes corruption : ok demanding greece fixes their tax rates : ok demanding greece fixes cracks down on the grey markets : ok demanding greece rises their retirement age : ok demanding greece cuts away their social safety nets : not ok also anyone who thinks this is fixed in time span measured in a time unit smaller than a decade is totally delusional . 
  these are systemic problems . 
  it will take years to implement the necessary changes . 
  not to even talk about the years it takes for the fixed economy to gather up enough surplus to pay of the debts . 
  most ludicurous was that greece is supposed to make new laws by wednesday on terms given today . 
  the mp 's wo n't have time even to read through the terms by that time , not to even talk about writing it out to legally working law text . 
  voting alone will take atleast a day without major debating . 
  so i 'm guessing there is something rather nasty in those demanded laws , so they must be hammered through before greece 's mp 's have time to analyze what the text contains . 
  then again the whole international market economy is just one big boom bust machine , so ficing one country changes nothing . 
  we are shafted no matter what happens . 
  you do understand in this economical situation people will literally start to die , if they are cut away from the welfare state . 
  jobs and money do n't grow in trees or magically appear , when you cut a person fully away from the social safety net system . 
  i know the idea is to force the population to find a job . 
  problem is there is no jobs to find . 
  the pensioners ca n't just magically find a new job , if you cut away their pensions . 
  the lucky few find a job , the unlucky ones become homeless and starve to death . 
  reason why almost all arctic countries simply have to have a social welfare state . 
  if we did n't have one , we would have to collect frozen bodies of homeless persons of the streets every winter . 
  pretty hard to have a homeless population , when being homeless means a certain and inevitable death by exposure . 
  well is not officially corruption anymore , because usa legalized most of it . 
  so it does n't show up in criminal statistics , but people see it 's effects and hense the perception of corruption is high . 
  yes , it is an requirement for entering the treaty . 
  there is lots of requirement for enetering the treaty . 
  however since there is no clauses for exiting the treaty , there is also no language about the necessary conditions for staying in the treaty . 
  so it says you must be an eu member to enter , but not what should happen incase someone leaves eu while being member . 
  no one bothered to write in the clause about what hapens , if someone leaves eu , while being member of emu . 
  it is a legal limbo . 
  no one thought it would ever happen and/or the crafters wanted to make sure the emu will never unravel . 
  easy way to make sure emu does n't fall apart is to make it impossible to leave . 
  writing it out loud would have been crude . 
  so everyone just conviniently forgot to write down how to leave the treaty , whichleads to same effect . 
  it is an international treaty , so it is not so much about what is illegal or legal by law and more about what was agreed upon . 
  this treaty operates outside national laws , since this treaty literally molded national laws . 
  if this goes to international arbitration court , the court is interested in if the parties have broken the treaty contract or not . 
  going outside the treaty specifics to make a court decision , would make negotiating specific treaties and terms pointless . 
  leaving contract on terms outside of the agreed upon terms is breach of contract . 
  if there is no terms for leaving , you are by default in breach by leaving . 
  you do n't simply leave treaty this big and intricate by declaration . 
  there is zillion of interlocking systems/procedures and transactions , that will need to be decoupled in an orderly fashion in order to avoid total chaos on both sides . 
  only way out is to get all of the treaty members to unanimously agree to a new treaty , that defines how you leave the old treaty . 
  if you think this does n't take years of negotiation and nitpicking about specifics , you do n't know eu politics . 
  we europeans love byrocracy and negotiation to no end . 
  specially if decision must be unanimous . 
  everyone will try to leverage their lynch pin position for getting unanimity by trying to gain some advantage by keeping the decision hostage and negotiating endlesly . 
  everyone might even fully agree on the terms , but someone will use this negotiation to leverage negotiations in other treaties completely unrelated to this one . 
  only if everyone who is member of emu uniformly agrees , including greece . 
  you basically have to create a new treaty in which everyone agrees to amend the old treaty with an exit clause . 
  given eu diplomacy and byrocracy negotiating that will take years , assuming everyone agrees 100 % . 
  since it is an already active treaty anyone of the members can sink any amendment , based on the fact hat they did not originally agree to this and you ca n't retrofit contracts unless there is a agreed upon retrofit procedure in the treaty . 
  nope . 
  eu treaties have a exiting clause , but emu does not . 
  you simply can not legally leave emu , because nobody bothered to write down how to do it legally . 
  it is a technicality , but as many times in international politics technicalities are important . 
  law can be broken aka greece can ignore the treaty , but the treaty still legally exist . 
  what follows will be a legal limbo . 
  it will lead to an endless cycle of greece ending up in international court again and again for violating a treaty , they ignore . 
  or other emu members ending up in court for ignoring greece as a member of the treaty , even though greece would want to be ignored . 
  mostly this comes down to someone ( all of the governments in europe ??? ), 
  being stupid enough to create a massive treaty with zero dissolution language . 
  mostly stupid was to accuse an already jailed person of commiting more crimes . 
  pretty hard to do cybercrimes from a jail . 
  well greece also ca n't leave . 
  just as there is no way to kick greece out , there is no way for greece to leave . 
  at least they ca n't do it in the legal sense . 
  they can start to use their own money in practice and ignore the existence of continents worth of countries , who have a legally binding international treaty with them . 
  how you are going to work that practical solution in practice is beyound me . 
  it would be a huge mess of legal and diplomatic limboes . 
  only problem is , that greece ca n't leave eurozone legally . 
  when they crafted the eurozone treaties nobody bothered to write in a clause for exiting the treaty . 
  it was assumed nobody would ever leave . 
  willingly or unwillingly there is no defined legal way to leave emu . 
  so all of this talk about grexit is pretty much empty talk , unless someone wants to start to renegotiate the whole emu treaty with all of the existing members in order to amend a exiting clause to the treaty . 
  greece could of course de facto leave emu by simply starting to use their own currency . 
  the legal , economic and political mess would be rather huge due them still legally being in emu , but effectively ignoring the existence of the treaty . 
  so everyone would need to in case-by-case basis decide , if they would also ignore the treaty while dealing with greece or trying to force greece to follow a treaty they are ignoring . 
  this guy trained to be pilot , but was forbidden to fly on medical grounds .
