  the eu treaties act as de facto laws , because the treaties say they act like laws and overrule national laws and ireland put their signature under the treaty and agreed to this . 
  eu is not forcibly overruling ireland . 
  ireland agreed to be overruled , when it joined eu . 
  if they do n't want eu interfering with ireland 's taxation and business practices , they should not have joined eu . 
  oh by the way it 's not 2018 anymore , well officially it is on paper still afaik . 
  however media here reports that unofficially pretty much everyone stuk , areva , tvo etc. 
  admit that it 's probably more like 2019-2020 range before it is in final operational state . 
  however apparently this time that date is so special , because unlike every other time this time it really really should hold . 
  assuming it passes stuk operational certification inspection and gets starting permission at all . 
  ( though it would be highly doubt full they would deny it . 
  it would be government topling level scandal , if after all this money and time it would not get production permission . 
  so even if it would be little faulty stuk would be under enormous pressure to give a go ahead once the plant is finally complete . 
  otherwise finland just spend 9 + billion for essentially nothing ) edit : oh and do n't worry we did n't learn our lesson . 
  there is now new project to by another nuclear plant . 
  however since areva is pretty much on black list , they are instead turning to the topic of this post , the trusty russian rosatomexport . 
  like that 's not gon na backfire just as badly . 
  but if the full facility design was completed 30 years ago the instrumentation design still in use is also probably 30 years old . 
  you do n't change stuff from a nuclear plant design on the fly . 
  it was designed to be safe with specific control system and design , so changing control system means major design check and overhaul . 
  they ca n't just switch the controls . 
  they have to check the whole design and how the new control would affect the facility and safety design . 
  methane spewing burning swamp . 
  yeah the fuck ups are little bit of a problem . 
  as a finn it is funny to follow the uber optimistic nuclear comments while following the 3x budget 3x schedule mess that is areva and olkiluoto 3 . 
  everybody goes on and on how nuclear is so safe , if one just does it right . 
  they should know these are being build by the lowest bidder construction crews . 
  what ever the nuclear company promises for delivery , their numbers times 2x is a realistic starting point . 
  the problem is due to safety margins , the enormous complexity and rarity of the building projects nuclear power plants almost never complete in budget and on time . 
  many many times the projects are massively delayed . 
  simple facts is construction crews are not used to nuclear style building and fuck up all the time . 
  heck they literally cast the olkiluoto 3 concrete base plate wrong . 
  workers think the can do like with other plants and projects , adapt here and there , maybe think on ttheir feet little bit , maybe cut corner slightly there , do it a faster way that looks obvious here etc. 
  but that stuff does n't fly with nuclear plant . 
  safety margins do n't allow it and whole safety design relies on the plant being built exactly as drawn and not just about like it . 
  there obviously faster way is not possible for specific reason , you ca n't cut even that one weld and you absolutely do not adapt and think on the job . 
  almost every single thing is as it is for a reason down the way each specific weld and joint is done . 
  our only saving grace here in finland is that our nuclear safety agency is on the ball and is n't afraid to step on toes . 
  it came as great shock to areva , that stuk actually wanted to see blueprints , designs and inspect the building phases and good that they did . 
  otherwise that mountain of plant would have exploded on first start . 
  now it 's ten years late , but at least it wo n't go immediately kaboom due to idiot construction workers thinking it is okay to cut their own pipe pass through in the containment shielding . 
  you know it is faster than having to route the pipes all the way around it . 
  i only trust clearly non earth biased broadcasts from iss . 
  none of these earthly rubbish . 
  yes it should be and is illegal , if usa in pursuance of this goal uses methods or conducts that break usa law . 
  for example using torture to get information . 
  also if said conduct breaks international treaties usa has ratified . 
  again also torture . 
  of course usa does n't have to care about breaking the target countries laws ( the whole point of espionage ) , but then should not be surprised of the consequences in getting caught with hand in the cookie jar like agents getting killed in nastier countries or very very very frosty diplomatic relations with supposed allies . 
  like wise counter action should be expected like brazil building a new optical cable to europe to bypass usa or many countries not trusting equipment from usa suppliers for critical equipment . 
  stupid to replace them . 
  adding cell phone alerts is okay , but nothing can beat the reliability of a warning siren . 
  well even after getting past the entrance test , it 's still a 2,5 year training program . 
  so one ca n't exactly do it on a whim and one certainly ai n't going to last through the training without being fit . 
  the long training is a test in itself . 
  assuming one gets one build ready in the first place . 
  ahemmm ... olkiluoto ahemmm ... . . whatever the power company says is the timetable and budget , multiply both with 3 and you have a realistic first estimate . 
  tow boat back to africa ? 
  and what happens when said coast nation navy intercepts and threatens to sink said towing vehicle . 
  you ca n't just randomly tow boats to random nations . 
  the `` close the borders '' is a fancy fantasy when a ) already an european prison camp ( not to mention prison camps are expensive ) is a heaven compared to food situation back home . 
  b ) you also ca n't deport people randomly you need treaties with the home countries ( or are you going to parachute the people back from a military stealth transport ) . 
  home countries with no interest to take the extra burden of the people already having left the country . 
  plus again people would try again simply because the base level of the average living standard is higher . 
  ergo to really close borders in any significa n't way borders guards have to start to shoot people . 
  then the survival instinct will kick in for sure, 
  you do realize to close the borders , you have to start to shoot people at the border . 
  these people are already risking a near certain death on the boat trip . 
  so only thing to motivate them to stop , over a near certain death , is a certain death . 
  meaning border guards shoot anyone illegally crossing the border on sight . 
  or coast guard mows down the boats in the sea . 
  otherwise the people keep coming and keep cutting the fence or ramming the beach . 
  or to put it bluntly a mass migration movement has started , deal with it , because there is no stopping it . 
  partly this happened due to climate reasons , partly political . 
  in the end the reason is of no importance , suffice to say it is out of the hands of the eu . 
  simply put there is no stopping this . 
  it is n't a matter of if people keep coming , but a matter of how to deal with it . 
  this is first calls of the big climate migrations coming due to climate change , so if you think this is bad , just wait couple decades . 
  then options are a ) massive prison camps ( costly and helps no one ) b ) deportation ( not possible in large enough quantities , plus people would just try again ) c ) integration ( costly , but somewhat beneficial in the end ) d ) lots of bullets ( do i have to spell out why this option is not an option ) . 
  more specifically abide by the rules they have no say over . 
  so considering one main brexit argument is brussels meddling with things , i do n't think uk brexiters are willing to do a norway . 
  you are mixing ecj and european court of human rights . 
  european court of justice is the eu court . 
  echr is the council court , but is pretty much the last stop court in eu since all of eu is in the council . 
  also echr gets it 's powers from european convention of human rights , which is pretty much the base constitution of all of eu and as a human rights convention over rules any other law , constitution or treaty . 
  whatever echr orders is the law , since though it ca n't make law it 's orders are legally binding to the nation and must be followed . 
  theoretically rest of the council nations are treaty bound to pretty much use any means necessary to make sure the offending nation follows echr court rulings and implements them . 
  edit : so in brexit uk would not necessarily have to follow ecj , but echr will continue to make their politicians lives hell and uk continues to try to ignore echr even existing . 
  only way out of echr is to shred their promise and membership to european convention of human rights . 
  i 'm pretty sure uk is not crazy enough to shred a human rights treaty signature . 
  apparently you have n't heard of puppet governments . 
  usa do n't need to annex the countries . 
  they already get all the benefits without the hassle of spending all the diplo points on the chess board for full annexation . 
  because frankly a chess board game it is to usa leadership . 
  usa has a long long history of using puppets and pet dictators cuba ( back fired badly ) , iran ( back fired badly ) , guatemala , pretty much whole south america ( at one point or another in the history ) ... ... ... 
  so usa has an empire , it is just organized differently than a traditional empire . 
  oh no nato and it 's mean runner usa are much more flexible . 
  they do n't bother invading countries bordering it . 
  instead they invade countries on the other side of the world . 
  are russians fucks . 
  yeah , but it does n't remove the fact that usa are fucks also just little bit different kind of fucks .
