  so i do n't know how much closer one can get in air force training , than landing , refueling and taking off from others war time base . 
  i think the point was each cluster to have a capability power house leader . 
  so that one group wo n't be two weak in itself , while one cluster has all the power . 
  well nordefco has been toying with more integration while saying `` we totally absolutely not in anyway , abso , absolutely are building the nordic defence union '' . 
  so essentially nordefco is building the interoperability capacity in the north for the combined defence and alliance . 
  the alliance probably just wo n't be on paper . 
  rather it is more of a we know , that you know , that we know , that russia knows , that if you get attacked , we will help - kinda situation . 
  for example finnish , swedish and norwegian air forces hold combined cross border training monthly . 
  it just is so `` mundane '' that no body bothers to make a big deal out of it . 
  regardless of the fact that thus these countries have readily agreed routines ready how to organize , coordinate and command battle maneuvers between the airforces . 
  routines that are regularly trained . 
  for couple last years swedes have taken part in the finnish road base exercises also , with few planes . 
  so again now swedes if need be know how the land and operate on finnish road base conditions . 
  again trained yearly . 
  the navies have their baltic exercises . 
  frankly the only thing missing is large scale regular training of combined army operations . 
  that and the chain of command etc treaties , but frankly in case of nordic i do n't know if there ever will be one officially ( unless there is eu wide system ) . 
  as said it is more of a we know you know we know you , situation . 
  and since still ahemm technically sweden and finland are neutral ( what a pretty charade , we are solidly in the camp eu ) so official treaty might not be done for status reasons . 
  oh it will be allowed back , but they will highly probably lose all their special deals they were given before . 
  i think this as also big matter of politics for rest of eu . 
  germans might be hesitant to beef up due to * the incident * , but on the other hand rest of europe must give green light to germany . 
  however partly it has been about germany not wanting to worry others around it with its military , because given their industrial power and economy , they could build a pretty scary military , pretty scary fast should they choose to do so . 
  so frankly rest of eu must indicate to germany , that them beefing up military capacity is okay with rest of eu or dare say even highly desirable . 
  frankly europe has been a goddamn rock of unity , compared to say even usa internally . 
  like seriously ? 
  divided ? 
  you call what 20 countries sharing currency , freedom of movement etc. 
  divided . 
  nope europe has been united , the difference is after ussr collapsed europe hoped they could now concentrate on other things instead of military . 
  like you know make their countries nicer places to live , have strong economies etc. 
  so now we just need to include military under the grounds of thins to be united about along with economics , democracy and freedoms . 
  and it has to become a point of some priority , because as always humans newer seem to learn how to just get along . 
  eu is a little bit of a lumbering beast , but once it gets rolling on something it usually gets go the solution . 
  will everybody be screaming from joy , nope , but usually everyone can stleast tolerate the solution . 
  not much more one can ask whenever more than 5 humans try to agree on something . 
  now europe is just waking up to the fact that superpowers like usa , russia , china etc. 
  do n't have permanent friends . 
  they have interests and as leadership changes so does interest . 
  so a ) europe has been awoken to the fact thhat the usa is not a fully reliable partner due to their internal political upheavals . 
  which is frankly due to some systemic design flaws in their political construct . 
  so do n't expect trump to be isolated incident . 
  the usa internal politics will continue to boil for at least couple decades , while their sort their system out . 
  their political system design is from late 1700 's and frankly it is in need of a 2 century mileage check up and overhaul . 
  b ) russia is still russia . 
  they ai n't the demons from the 7th he 'll , butt still a big country with interest and no problems in using their military power to get influence ( by the way just like usa ) . 
  ergo if russia can get away with military solution cheaply , they might do it . 
  point then is to make the military solution to a situation the most absolutely amazingly expensive option . 
  make diplomacy cheaper than military solution and make compromise look cheap compared to trying to get all of the cake . 
  which by they way means talking to russia and keeping good diplomatic channels open to russia . 
  talking to russia or even having friendly tone with them does n't mean we do what they ask . 
  it is just good manners and keeping options open . 
  ----------------- conclusion eu has to take care of themselves , if they want 100 % ensured things get done and taken care of , even when crisis happens and suddenly eu find themselves on the wrong side of the superpowers interests calculations and plus minus tally . 
  nope the people are n't forgetting it . 
  did you read the part about the tourist being charged . 
  tourist is being charged for it and the assaillant is searched and to be punished to remind that there is proper way to handle the situation . 
  it not being vigilant violence . 
  rather what happened to the idiot tourist in the end , legal system handling it . 
  call authorities , possibly film the guy for evidence and then laugh your ass of while looking from the side , when police officers arrive and take the guy to custody . 
  as a finn . 
  we need military to maintain territorial sovereignity , regardless of direction of attacker . 
  yes , russia is the main threat . 
  however it does n't mean we did n't notify spain their planes performed air space violation couple days ago . 
  of course given friendly relations given friendly relations it passed with spain and nato saying `` sorry , our bad , try to avoid your airspace '' . 
  with us responding `` apology accepted friends '' . 
  would fdf scale down without russia threat ? 
  sure . 
  would it seize to exist ? 
  nope . 
  we will fight anyone attacking our territory be it sweden , russia , australia , usa , china or chile . 
  with the usual foreign reply being '' , but that would never happen '' . 
  never is a very long time . 
  we have century long nuclear waste disposal project going on . 
  lets just say that harsh experience has taught finland , that nations , specially big ones rarely have solid friends , rather they have interests and sometimes shifting circumstances lead to strange bedfellows and deals with devils on bothsides . 
  so the only military one can really trust in the final end , regardless of treaties and allies and friendships is one 's own . 
  of course one calculates `` these people are pretty darn likely to help and those people there probably are n't a threat . '', 
  however finland probably still has the `` what if nato tries to force their way to st. petersburg ** through us ** for whatever reason '' in the back cabinet from cold war . 
  pretty unlikely situation , but not impossible . 
  as said , if interests collide enough , even fast friends become enemies . 
  things is small countries and big countries have often very differing interests even just in scale . 
  pretty sure customs tariffs would apply . 
  so it is not illegal to transport cheese over border in itself . 
  however not declaring it and hiding it to avoid taxes and customs payments is illegal . 
  there is actually difference ubi is considered an universal comprehensive and full basic income to provide for minimum wellfare . 
  this finnsih experiment is basic income , but not ubi . 
  something kela is carefull to point out due to people constantly complaining `` but it is not universal in way x '' . 
  to which their answer is `` yeah , we know . 
  we never claimed universality '' . 
  taxes . 
  best way to see it is one version of ubi like scheme , negative income tax . 
  direct ubi will have same funding . 
  along with monthly ubi payment , comes tax adjustment to collect it away from those not needing it and some extra from top brackets to finance those who do n't have enough income . 
  middle income people should have pretty much plus minus zero effect on their economics , outside of the mental benefit of knowing base level of income is quaranteed should something bad like losing job happen in future . 
  ubi removes none of the peoples protesting power or unions . 
  ubi goes too low a nice general strike is good way to wake up government . 
  why unions are really against is the union top echelons losing their cushy power positions . 
  in finland unions are big institutions with major leaders being big power brokers and in otherwise lucrative position . 
  essentially ubi removes the unions strangle hold on negotiating . 
  if each employee can individually say `` give better terms or i quit '' due to the buffer offered by ubi , it means unions have offer some extra benefit for it to be worth the involvement . 
  so unions cant ca n't be just distant benefit and negotiating monoliths .
