  far more interesting are the questions of why and how . 
  because of finnish privacy laws and cultural tradition . 
  police never reveals the identity of the suspect , because they are suspect , not a convicted criminal . 
  it might come out they were wrong and would have to rescind their word . 
  so rather than make lyers out of themselves going public half cocked , they just stay mum `` due to investigation being on going '' until prosecutor brings the case to court . 
  suspects identity is revealed only when charged . 
  sometimes news figure out the identity before that , but the authorities wo n't confirm it . 
  essentially ths identity is officially revealed , when it appears in court documents . 
  so for formal charging or for jailing hearing . 
  yeah . 
  the thing is problem is not electoral college . 
  problem is electoral college using first past the post . 
  meaning the problem is and always has been first past the post . 
  it is good to learn new things everyday . 
  plus having amicable relations with russia does n't mean one is n't willing to put resources to national defence . 
  ahem not to be `` that guy '' but us finns have rather good trade relations and diplomatic relations with russia , but also have a rather sizable conscript army due to pretty solely of russia . 
  both actually by pure necessity . 
  russia is neither the boogie man or the angel . 
  they are a big nation with big nations interests and resources , just like other big nations . 
  they are n't hell bent on world domination , but neither do they shy away from military force , if it gets them something they want , if they think it is worth the military costs . 
  if you are near them you keep enough steel and soldiers to tell them `` this goes way easier , if we just agree on a trade deal . '', 
  `` yeah you could attack us and maybe beat us with your all might , but why do it . 
  it would be way too costly and inconvenient to you compared to the gains to be worth your time . '', 
  `` we can talk about these things here on table . 
  those things over there , those are non negotiable.for getting those you can consult your chief of military staff on exactly how unpleasant it will be for you . '', 
  russians love their kids and laugh just like everybody else . 
   you do n't change who you vote for in last 30 days or 50 . 
  you choose candidate over long period of time . 
  well apparently they did , so you might need to adjust that assumption . 
  you know things change . 
  i wonder what percentage is humans at all . 
  you know troll bots are a thing in the internet . 
  the star is the walls . 
  they would n't be any higher anyway . 
  it would be pointless after invention of gun powder and cannons . 
  forts became low and wide rather than high . 
  even that high wall and the moat make any open infantry assault impossible , since even those low walls are couple mans height high . 
  yeah sorry a ) honestly forgot the exact deal switzerland had b ) bad writing in my part.i meant it in the sense uk has to start negotiating form the point of third country . 
  the first deal uk gets is you are now a third party country . 
  anything more is matter of treaties and negotiations . 
  of course they can get in to single market like norway ( as i eluded in the comment ) or switzerland . 
  switzerland started as third party status , but has negotiated treaties to get a membership in single market ( with exceptions ) . 
  what uk does n't get is to leave eu and still get automatic member treatment . 
  as said they could negotiate their way back to full eu member rejoin , but none of that is automatic or just a matter of `` gib us only the good parts '' demand . 
  this is diplomacy , pretty much anything can be suggested and negotiated as long as agreement is reached . 
  uk ca n't say we want single market member deal automatically due to our prior status as eu member without having to honor also the obligations of the single market . 
  they left , they are a third party country by default . 
  this is the standard deal of third countries . 
  they want more , want better deal ? 
  they want member deal ? 
  we can talk , do they want norway or switzerland route . 
  both mean agreeing to the necessary obligations . 
  frankly uk had an extra special sweet deal as eu member . 
  they threw it away . 
  if they think they get offered that deal again and on top of it without the obligations , after the ruccuss they caused they are going to be sorely disappointed . 
  i do n't know what you mean with that , but the answer is absolutely yes . 
  well actually eu probably wants uk to use the last option of article 50 , which is ability to rejoin ( yes even this was written in article 50 , somebody was future proofing rather thoroughly ) . 
  though the deal is you get to rejoin just like everybody else gets to join in the first place . 
  so i do n't think eu will give a bad deal to uk . 
  rather uk is in negotiations as a third country . 
  so they get the third country aka non member deal . 
  which means they wo n't get the members discount . 
  they get the similar deal as say usa or canada or norway or switzerland would get from the beginning . 
  of course there is the norway and switzerland route aka efta and/or eea , but that is another membership thing . 
  it would not intentionally bad deal , but it is not either the the sweet members discount deal , because members discounts are for members and the membership is a package deal ( of course one membership is the norway deal aka eea or switzerland 's treaties with eu , but those have also their own obligations with it ) . 
  you do n't get the members discount without fulfilling the members obligations . 
  so uk will start from pretty much blank slate since much of their status is due to eu membership . 
  so if they want to stay in single market they have to negotiate themselves to efta and eea and that means the obligations that come with it . 
  edit : clarified my point about norway and switzerland and uk negotiation position . 
  sorry before hand . 
  i know this is pointless post , but just have to just to be a nitpick and vector graphics fanboy . 
  it is an svg actually . 
  well the thing is probably many of the chips support it in the various phones ( since nearly all chip makers have started making multisystem chips ) so the question is do the phone makers go through the trouble of posting firmware updates to enable the support even if it is n't listed in the initial sales specs . 
  but of course the safest choice is to just wait until galileo support comes standard out of the box , which i expect it to be frankly in only year or two . 
  not like i need to buy a new phone right now . 
  current one is nokia n9 so expecting firmware update for that one is a no go . 
  plus it is old enough that the receiver is not probably even capable anyway . 
  yeah . 
  the thing is it is now mostly up to the receiver makers . 
  once ioc is running it is all about , when and which manufacturers turn on or add support for galileo . 
  luckily it seems most receiver chip makers are starting to offer multistage chips with gps , glonass and galileo combined . 
  which is the best route . 
  more satellites more reliability . 
  frankly for myself at least the next phone etc. 
  i buy that has satellite navigation capability galileo is a must have . 
  have it or i wo n't buy the product . 
  it would be additional 18 as per the wikis list . 
  there is this thing called international law , that forbids opening fire on unarmed civilians . 
  see because opening fire on them is the only thing that would stop them . 
  they are already largely coming from desperation and about half certain death , so only thing that will be enough to counter act that is certain knowledge that the first thing the nearest coastguard vessel will do upon arrival is to shoot a 40 mm or 50mm he shell in the middle of the migrant boat , while the people are still in it . 
  you want that on your consciousness , because that is what you are advocating . 
  there ai n't some magical force field in the mediterranean we can flip on . 
  and totally absolutely in no way have unofficial war time plans . 
  absolutely not have the respective officers talked in sauna together about what to do , when big enemy a1 attacks . 
  like seriously , we do n't have official papers ( outside lisbon 42.7 ) , but we might as well have a bilateral defence treaty ( which really is already taken care of by lisbon 42.7 ) . 
  its all three norway , sweden , finland . 
  nordic over border training . 
  happens regularly , like monthly . 
  has been actually happening for already like a decade , but in typical nordic fashion `` hey lets not make a big deal out of this , its just little bit of combined training '' faf video about the training . 
  https://youtu.be/eknl4ccvczg last couple years swedes have participated in the finnish crisis road base exercises also .
