  it 's the annual american christmas presents being produced by ear fell armory . 
  it distorts the finnish statistics . 
  are we talking reasonable nations or ammosexualistan ? 
  in reasonable nations : none . 
  in ammosexualistan : because i want one . 
  it 's a free country mannn , no body is forcing you to read it . 
  read it or not . 
  does n't affect my pay rate . 
  no no have n't you heard . 
  it 's in game purchase system instead of full dlc . 
  due to the production method , you have to buy it piece by piece and since it has 3 main variants you can customize your personal plane from the individual pieces you buy . 
  it starts at 25 $ per landing gear wheel . 
  cockpit dome is 30 $ . 
  the internal cannon 50 $ due to calibration fee and engine is 75 or 100 $ depending on , if you want the lift fan included . 
  wings are 40 $ a piece . 
  empathy is not a matter of naivety or belief in eternal good . 
  empathy is a evolutionary benefit , which is why humans have it . 
  empathy ( the ability to see situations from others point of view ) is pretty damn elementarily necessary for human co-operation and co-operation is necessary for human survival . 
  alone without co-operation , culture and tools provided by those , we are on the wimpy side of the predator chain of animals . 
  can it be overruled , sure , but it does n't remove the fact that it does exist to a degree . 
  nothing warm and fussy about empathy . 
  it is a survival necessity . 
  either we had empathy or bigger animals would have overrun us . 
   of course some ethics are based upon religion , i call bs on that . 
  our morals are based on our morals and innate empathy . 
  just because religions adopted the morals already in existence around them to their teaching does n't mean religions are the source of morals . 
  religions are more like the followers of morals . 
  we came up with morals due to the innate advantage of collaboration and empathy . 
  then religions just codified those morals in their teachings , because frankly it was the popular and smart thing to do . 
   also , economic migrants are not asylum seekers , and they should be deported . 
  anybody asking for asylum is asylum seeker . 
  hence the word seeker . 
  all refugees are asylum seekers , but not all asylum seekers qualify as refugees and for asylum . 
  however sadly people do n't have `` i 'm real refugee '' written in their forehead in magic always truthful ink . 
  hence why we have thee seeker process . 
  if we had that magical ink , we would have no need for seekers . 
  we would instantly know who is in need of asylum and is refugee . 
   there 's no `` principle of europe '' that says that europe has the moral responsibility for the entire world , or that it has to everyone through it 's borders , or that it has to give every illegal immigrant handouts . 
  well as far as most fundamental principles of europe goes , i would refer you to this small thing called european convention on human rights . 
  as for illegal immigrant : no we do n't have to give hand outs . 
  we can also imprison them for their crime . 
  frankly i prefer this to deporting . 
  it guarantees the punishment . 
  deporting just means they appear on the border again a year or two later . 
   and the legitimate refugees can always apply for asylum . 
  oh dear tell me how you magically separate the legitimate and illegitimate refugee seekers without first letting both in and then figuring out the group they belong to . 
  you say refugee seekers allowed , but also say close the borders . 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  you can not have it both ways . 
  either admit you do n't want any asylum seekers and want closed borders or admit that this is n't black and white simple . 
  there is no `` only open for real asylum seekers '' option . 
  it is either allow all seekers ( until they are processed . 
  it can not be done in an hour and in the border control . 
  not at least without compromising accuracy ) or allow no seekers . 
  you do realize no amount of border protecting is going to change the fact that ubh , echr and couple other human rights treaties says : person appear at border saying `` seek asylum '' , you have to take it seriously and a ) are not allowed to shoot them b ) turn them away before figuring out , if they are really an asylum seeker c ) are not allowed to let them starve to death . 
  nothing about this is simple . 
  stop being naive . 
  we are dealing with mass immigration wave . 
  there is such primal sociological and economic forces involved , that frankly no amount of eu or national legislating is going to stop it . 
  specifically now that it is in motion . 
  could we have prevented it before hand , maybe , but that was then . 
  even if eu tried closing borders completely ( not allowing immigration legal or illegal or frankly even transit . ), 
  people would keep coming for couple years , since they are on move and stuff like this has inertia . 
  only thing stopping this wave will be a fire of ring around eu burning anybody trying to cross the border . 
  can we dimish it somewhat with political moves , yes , can we stop it , no way in hell . 
  this includes such primal stuff as religion , climate change , geography and 100 years worth of geo politics . 
  if you think `` closing borders '' , pushing head to sand singing `` la la laaa laaa '' is going to stop this , you are naive . 
  also `` cutting incentives '' means cutting some of the most basic principles of europe and are n't people always talking about `` preserving european culture '' in face of `` muslim onslaught . '' . 
  well sometimes the price for protection is higher than the protection provided . 
  well some of the `` real problems '' involved in this complex mess are couple thousand years old , so finger pointing is pointless at this point . 
  the situation is what it is and we have to play with the current hand . 
  not with the hand we hoped we had . 
   no shelter no food no nothing there ? 
  so you prefer to see frozen dead bodies in the streets of nordic countries . 
  good to know . 
  1800 's called and said it was a bad idea then . 
  it is a bad idea now also . 
  even if we cut all `` incentives '' the mere average living standard of europe in general is enough to be an incentive . 
  i would like people to understand nothing short of machine gun massacre barrages on the border are going to stop this wave . 
  it would have happened with or with out dublin or un refugee treaty . 
  there is frankly far bigger forces at play and industrial world just does n't want to admit they ca n't controll stuff like this since there is far more primal forces involved . 
  instead they blame politicians like they failed in the controlling , instead of it simple being beyond our power . 
  we got dealt shit hand . 
  though frankly the really shitty hand got dealt to middle easteners . 
  now we just have to surf this best we can . 
  there simply is no stopping it . 
  you ready to shoot couple thousand migrants at the border personally ? 
  because these people will not stop . 
  even the migrants are already facing fatally dangerous sea trip . 
  so nothing short of certain death is going to stop these people . 
  it 's the president . 
  he has no real power on this , so he likes making speeches , giving interview and making op-eds . 
  he has nothing to lose . 
  any decision made will be on the government cabinets head so went it good or went it bad he wont get the blame . 
  well that was basically self evident facts about current refugee situation , edition 101-basics . 
  it proposes no solutions or offer really anything substantive as input outside of saying facts are facts . 
  though i must say saying facts are facts has certain value in itself . 
  only reason it is interesting is that it has the prestige and influence of the office of the president of the republic of finland behind it . 
  any academic / minor politicians could have said exactly same things and nobody would have even blinked an eye . 
  even more pointless it is since president of finland has pretty much zero power on these matters .
