  common mistake , i understand, 
  because people can just come to your house and kill you and then there 's nothing to stop them stealing all your farm equipment . 
  that 's too much subtlety for us . 
  our foreign trade policy appears to be ` do you want sheep and milk powder ? ', 
  the afghan government has problems with officials abandoning their position to go and molest children , and people at all levels of government turning up high as fuck . 
  i do n't think they even give a fuck about anything , let alone war crimes . 
  sure , while you 're actually peaking on meth . 
  then you crash because you have n't slept in a few days and your brain is n't functioning . 
  cannabis was extremely available to me as a lad . 
  i highly doubt legalisation would have made it any easier for 15 year old me to find cannabis . 
  at least he 's basing his policies on something . 
  yes , it ignores the ` why ' , but the previous approach ignores the ` why ' as well as the evidence . 
  big fan of using number 7, 
  disagreeing on the internet gives you a good opportunity to examine your own opinion though , especially if you battle the echo chamber . 
  recruiting drive : nz army urgently needs 4 more recruits, 
  if the difference between boxing and mma plays a part , it 's going to be in floyd ' favour, 
  this goes both ways : are you a wellington bicycle - riding latte drinker ? 
  then cool your jets . 
  hilux driving hunters come from all parts of the political spectrum . 
  ah noted, 
  fark , let me know where you can find some hot asphalt . 
  have n't seen any of that in months, 
  i think you 'd be better off leaving it in a container of water . 
  if the white stuff washes out , it 's probably water soluble pva . 
  cool , let me know how it goes !, 
  it 's a home built one , the hotends are as far apart as i want . 
  by ` run on the same channel ' do you mean just wiring all relevant parts up in parallel on the same board output ? 
  a n y t h i n g, 
  that should be his tradition - on your hundredth birthday you get a letter from the queen and a tweet from winnie . 
  farmers get water for free because they generally catch rainwater using land that they own . 
  and where does the water in the aquifer come from ? 
  pretty sure that 's not a t-34 . 
  / u/chaosvelocity thinks it 's a valentine , and he 's probably right . 
  you can see the vehicle is seen from the rear ( because we ca n't see driver 's periscopes or any kind of viewing aperture ) . 
  it does n't have the exhausts that a t-34 has , and it 's got the ridges that a valentine has at the rear . 
  this would fit the vintage , because the nz school of armour used valentines at about that era . 
  it 's probably not a photo from korea . 
  i would guess sometime after ww2 . 
  if your granddad was a mechanic in korea , he would have spent a while in waiouru either participating in training or assisting . 
  the school of armour would use valentines for training drivers and gunners , so he would have taken this photo during one of his courses or when he turned up to repair a valentine for the school of armour . 
  that 's why it 's raised up on one track like that - either so some students can be taught about some undercarriage component , or so the tank can be repaired . 
  today , you can find a few rotten valentines in waiouru . 
  they 're used as targets . 
  e : could be as recent as the 60s , that 's when the valentine was completely retired . 
  which army were you in ? 
  for me it was more likely the scruffy e-7 would dispatch some vietnam era ttps which would get you killed , or a bollocking about not ironing your overalls or some nebulous shit . 
  recovery training , did n't think of that . 
  this would have been nz in the 50s though . 
  i can totally see them doing this if they ca n't get access to an inspection pit , which would make it a good photo op . 
  i 'll give that a crack tomorrow . 
  thanks . 
  petg is fine if you paint it . 
  how do i set steps per mm on z ? 
  never seen a good one . 
  the firmware was written by the manufacturer , so surely it 's not wrong . 
  i 'll check though . 
  thanks . 
  ` so can you give me an example of being a team player ? ', 
  ice cream, 
  we do a piss poor job on maths and science anyway ... 
  you 've completely missed the point . 
  how does that make paedophiles more difficult to identify ? 
  tangentially related , but if i were in prison , could i book a prostitute for a conjugal visit ? 
  i 'm 24 , male , and have owned 9 vehicles . 
  only the 3 motorcycles have had a full insurance , because all 6 cars were $ 1000 + to ensure fully , no matter which agency i went with . 
  this is with a fairly clean license with only one at-fault minor collision ( less than 30 kph at age 17 ) . 
  all cars have been worth less than 4k . 
  they 've ranged from 1300cc na petrols to 2l twin turbos to 3.1 l tds . 
  apart from the legacy gt , they 've all been quite unexciting . 
  i 've had 7 jobs ranging from minimum wage to just under 50k salaried . 
  with work expenses , full insurance has always been out of reach for me . 
  since i 've started driving , i 've saved at least $ 10,000 by not getting full insurance . 
  unless i 'm doing it wrong , buying full insurance for people in my situation is a huge waste of money . 
  i make paedophile jokes because they 're funny as shit . 
  i mean , it 's a joke . 
  you ca n't just ask a question like that and get a productive answer . 
  there 's a lot more to it than just subject matter . 
  what about when the tiwai point aluminium smelter shuts down ? 
  wo n't that leave us with a huge electricity surplus ? 
  why is new zealand ` tapped out on renewables ' ? 
  why ca n't we just build more geothermal plants ? 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  what was the point of that ? 
  i 'm not very productive when i 'm stoned . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't build more , it means the beauracracy surrounding it is stupid . 
  except the money thing . 
  the hunting !, 
  take as much deer as you want , with no fees !, 
  have you seen that somewhere in writing ? 
  because i have n't , apart from reddit comments . 
  i was probably going to vote for top , but i wo n't until i see that spelled out . 
  sounds like i 've had exactly the same strain every time , because the effects are more or less indistinguishable to me . 
  i think another element is that the differing effects might be a bit drowned out by the rest of it if you 're not a regular smoker . 
  i have it 2-4 times a year these days , and have probably had it at least a thousand times . 
  any difference between the effects has been less significant than the differences in environment . 
  it makes me happy and lazy , and i have it infrequently enough that i never build up a tolerance , or even get used to the feeling . 
  some people are just determined to spend money on things ... some redditor once tried to dissuade me from buying chinese nylon sheeting . 
  he does absolutely fucking nothing as minister for defence . 
  my house is the other way around . 
  the gap between the windows and frames is a negative number - i ca n't close the damn things if i open them when it 's damp !,
