  probably a sausage sizzle . 
  there 's heaps of good stuff to eat here , but a sausage sizzle probably has the most ` kiwi ' to it . 
  or maybe a sheep on a spit . 
  my post from ages ago is still on the front page . 
  turns out that yes , an rf makes an excellent daily . 
  cheers for the replies everyone . 
  i 'm planning to buy a 3d printer . 
  there 's a few ways to do it : from amazon via youshop , from ali express , or just buy all the parts individually and put it together my own damn self . 
  what would you do ? 
  know of any good ones ? 
  i want something in the prusa family . 
  there 's so many though ... 
  maybe the constable who comes on here can correct me , but i suspect many traffic cops are the shit ones , who prove substandard after their 2 years probation and ca n't be used for real policing . 
  did you hear the joke about the guy who 's having his property burgled , asks for the police , then says not to worry , he 'll just shoot the burglar ? 
  what would happen if someone tried that in real life ? 
  probably something in the prusa family . 
  it really depends on what has the best resources/guides available though . 
  looking at this subreddit , dirty river water is pretty offensive even before anybody drinks it . 
  we have a common law system here . 
  if it appears that you 're doing something to get away with something , you can be charged for it . 
  bar . 
  she was drinking , i was working as security . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 'm pretty sure computer science courses are nearly identical at every nz university . 
  the one in the cheapest city ? 
  sounds like massey palmy is the one then . 
  it 's bottom of the pile work for police , but not insurance . 
  have faith in the bureaucrats . 
  i 'd say it 's a crap show that deals with excellent premises . 
  a police cell looks like a room with nothing in it and no door handle on the inside . 
  noted . 
  infants , do not attempt this tactic if someone harrasses your spouse . 
  moon them, 
  i love how he draws boots with beady little spots for eyes . 
  really captures the gormlessness . 
  i need to punch some healthy adults as a control group . 
  yeah , we had a former bodybuilder in his 30s who thought he was the shit because he was mature , but cried when he could n't even zero his own rifle . 
  ca n't hit a zero screen at 100m . 
  he 's still in , too . 
  nearly four years for him soon , i think . 
  i think ` fewer ' is falling out of common use . 
  if new zealand had an instruction manual , metservice would be on page 1 . 
  i suppose the other part of it is bringing down the price of basic needs . 
  i 'd like to see education improved and made free/cheap . 
   welder , carpenter, 
  you 're sorted . 
  you might need to tick some local boxes but if you 're competent then an employer will probably put you through your welding tickets . 
  welding pays significantly more than bartending here . 
  bartending requires a qual that 's not worth getting if you know how to weld . 
  bouncing - another shit gig here . 
  you have to pay a bunch of money and go to a course to be licensed to stand around . 
  plastic beads do n't sink to the bottom like sand , making them ideal to suspend in facial scrubs . 
  otherwise , the manufacturers would just use sand . 
  just get all your news from comments on / r/newzealand, 
  my mistake . 
  sand obviously floats on water . 
  that 's why the sea is brown and all beaches are swept away immediately . 
  i heard an urban legend about a guy who lost a watch battery in his arse and melted holes in his colon . 
  unpopular argument incoming . 
  please remember i 'm neutral . 
  i 'm just doing my bit to destroy the echo chamber . 
  while intensive farming is terrible for new zealand , it 's better for the world as a whole . 
  other nations are terribly inefficient farmers . 
  forcing them to produce their own food is allowing them to pollute the whole planet . 
  a valid point , but what would you have these people do ? 
  move onto communes ? 
  was it you ? 
  are you ok ? 
   floats, 
   sediment, 
  do you know how many blankets and axes i need to buy land now ? 
  property values are increasing faster than i can make them . 
  nzdf . 
  seconded . 
  there 's always adult entry . 
  that gives you 2-3 years to go travelling , or do that really hard job that you always wanted to do . 
  statistically , you stand a much better chance of passing your course as an adult student than a teenager . 
  maintaining momentum from high school is bullshit . 
  my favourite thing to do on holiday is ride around and find a quiet spot to set up my hammock and campfire for the night . 
  in the morning , i turn my fire pit over and disappear . 
  if i shit , it goes in a deep hole or a public toilet . 
  freedom camping is n't impicitly harmful . 
  leave me be !, 
  some of your generation know fuck all too , mate . 
  that 's what i do with my bike . 
  need two close together trees for a hammock !, 
  you know how when you meet a black guy sometimes you ca n't work out how to shake his hand ? 
  yeah dude . 
  just tell me . 
  dude , nickel . 
  i got mine from macpac for 80 bucks on special . 
  no big net . 
  but my mrs got one of identical quality for 30 bucks , and i saw an identical one on bestgear for 10 . 
  i would say if the only degree you are interested/able to get is a ba , do n't bother . 
  an an average of what ? 
  do you mean an average of the number of workplace deaths for each industry , or the average number of workplace deaths ? 
  welcome to life . 
  it is possible to make only correct decisions and still lose . 
  double negative, 
  how many jobs could it actually create ? 
  i crunched some the numbers , and in order to make a living off it i 'd have to sell 40 oz a week , assuming the same tax rate as colorado , and assuming the legal rate is half the current black market rate ( as in colorado ) .
