  i bet that 's excellent for surprise parties, 
  who the hell would brigade that !? 
  is there an anti-tyre alliance somewhere that i 'm not aware of ? 
  i thought a tankie was a commonwealth tank crewman, 
  i 'm not taking either side here , but they get better access to scholarships than a pakeha of the same income , talent and education . 
  whether that 's fair or not is a big kettle of fish . 
  including the maori students . 
  non-maori only have access to the ` everyone ' category , maori have access to those plus the ` everyone ' category . 
  alright , i 'll play that game . 
  find me one that specifies ` white , middle-class male who 's too young for the student allowance , too old for school leaver scholarships , and does n't have a particularly well-connected family ' . 
  now do it again , but swap ` white ' for ` maori ' . 
  move to gisbourne, 
  probably a bit of both . 
   i 'm not taking either side here ... 
  it 's like a pyramid scheme for bad vibes, 
  it 's pretty rare , but not because it 's cool or anything . 
  it just was n't that popular . 
  i think it 's meant to be a lady 's rf900 or something . 
  anybody else own one ? 
  found any documentation about them ? 
  i 'd kill for a service manual right now . 
  someone can chime in and tell me if i 'm doing it wrong ... 
  my bike 's my daily . 
  i spray the exposed bit of the chain down every friday . 
  takes 30 seconds . 
  that 's it . 
  law of averages states i 'll get the whole thing at least once a year . 
  the air cleaner on my rf400 disintegrated . 
  it 's a foam insert the shape of a bike seat . 
  nobody can find one anywhere . 
  what should i do !, 
  i ended up going for the first option . 
  yeah annoyingly so :( reckon they 'll actually help , or just ignore me ? 
  `` stop taken my stuff :( '', 
  they are on a pretty typical government salary imo ... pretty similar to soldiers , a little worse than police . 
  more student loans , but significantly less dangerous and less stressful . 
  their jobs should be made easier by improving the system , but paying them more is unnecessary . 
  i think it 's a mixed bag . 
  it 's only moderately stressful , but the young people i see considering teaching careers are n't exactly unflappable either . 
  definitely more teachers are in order . 
  or optimise the school timetable a bit so the students are there for less time , and therefore less disruptive . 
  i 'm sure they do n't get five hours of work done in the time available . 
  i certainly did n't . 
  you mean that shitty thing filled with wet newspapers ( with nothing in them ) and briscoes fliers ? 
  sadly , the cost of research will go down when the cost to get people up there comes down . 
  colonel cathcart 's plum tomato ? 
  do n't search for motivation . 
  strive for discipline . 
  society is a lot of people . 
  there are retards on all sides of every fence . 
  because there will be more people in space with which to do research . 
  nope , i was saying a drop in the price of fuel will also drop the price of research . 
  the guy above me implied that eventually the value of the research will greatly exceed the cost of the fuel . 
  my country has socialised healthcare . 
  some drugs are n't banned , they just are n't subsidised by the government . 
  are they still under warranty ? 
  no features, 
  we had a guy who carried an axe . 
  i just had my karate chop action . 
  parades are the biggest waste of time . 
  we should just give the rsm a set of cardboard cutouts on remote control segways , and he can play with them all day . 
  evil genius !, 
  have n't played it in years . 
  it started to chug a bit with lots of minions , and it 's obviously not as well made as it could be . 
  still really good though , definitely worth a play . 
  useful for what ? 
  my bike 's my daily . 
  i made some saddle bags for about 25 bucks . 
  they hold heaps of shit , and stow inside the tail . 
  while the british empire was doing most of its flexing , motorbikes had n't been invented yet so there was no need to conquer the isle . 
  only if you exercise your face . 
  bottle opener, 
  did they release a new game and give it the same name as the old one ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  typical military ... buys a device to make it easier to carry shit , makes you carry it around charging batteries like a sucker, 
  go fuck yourself, 
  that only works for the cases where 2 < women < infinity, 
  if you have even 1 soldier in a place and do n't give him potable water by the jerry , there will immediately be a few dozen cases of diarrhoea . 
   the military rarely does something that 's not needed, 
  lol, 
  ` you have failed me for the last time ', 
   one fuck is n't going to get you arrested, 
  sounds like a wager to me, 
  and then move to auckland anyway ? 
  they taste the best , but will give you terrible acne . 
  and you can smell them on yourself for a few days . 
  an arsebrush, 
  please no . 
  i 'm a massey student at the mo. 
  i 've yet to see any benefit from running auckland and wellington campuses in tandem . 
  it 's the biggest fuck around out . 
  what does it say ? 
  i ca n't read spanish . 
  you have more faith in the candidate coordinators than i do . 
  they were shithouse when i got in . 
  the most obvious answer is change people 's diet . 
  less milk , less meat . 
  why do n't we eat non-ruminants instead ? 
  you could farm guinea pigs on the scale of battery hens and nobody would give a fuck, 
  is this really a right/left issue ?
