  i was under the impression the paperwork required was called a permit , not a license , because that 's what i get when i hunt on doc land . 
  still do n't think confiscation is a punishment to fit the crime , and you have n't told me why it should be . 
  all you 're doing is saying that ` it 's the way it is ' , and insinuating i 'm an idiot for not agreeing . 
  cool your jets , fella . 
  anecdotally , that last entry is wrong . 
  i know heaps of kiwis in the adf . 
  yeah . 
  i though it was referring to firearms licenses , because i get hunting permits , not game licenses , when i hunt . 
  did n't know the terminology difference . 
  ideally , yes . 
  nobody who 's not going to live here should be making decisions that effect the people who will stay . 
  practically , no . 
  that would never work . 
  there 's no way to make it happen . 
  all we can do is hope that being here for a while correlates to staying , and adjust the time period accordingly . 
  for you and nine trullion of your best mates, 
  what 's the deal with that site ? 
  is it a restaurant that also does journalism ? 
  how well does it work if i always have location turned off ? 
  fark that 's basically useless then . 
  it wo n't be able to determine shit in that time . 
  is it actually a gps receiver in the cell towers ? 
  surely they can just maintain their location , since they do n't move ? 
  snap edit : i just realised it 's probably to let the phone know which satellites to listen for . 
  universities never produced well-rounded individuals . 
  decades ago , everyone was a little dumber and has access to a lot less information . 
  knowing anything about anything made you a lot more special back then . 
  is n't it a tom cruise movie ? 
  many facebook users are dumb fucks though . 
  have used it since it was azerius , but it was a terrible memory hog . 
  name one major economic player that makes most of its money from tourism . 
  not all of us live in auckland or wellington cbd . 
  do you want me to carry a load of pickets and alkathene pipe across the wairarapa on foot , or do you want to pay for busses in the middle of nowhere ? 
  because ( unless i 'm wrong ) everywhere which makes most of their revenue from tourism is a poor country . 
  we should n't be greedy and insist on being one of the richest nations , but we do a lot of great things as a country that are dependent on us not being poor . 
  destroying our environment with farming is n't good , but i doubt replacing farming with tourism is a better model . 
  there needs to be a better way . 
  i would think our location would make us a good fit for anything which produces high-volume , expensive stuff with very little high-volume input . 
  let 's brainstorm : what can we make that does n't require lots of imports , and is easy to export ? 
  tv shows and movies, 
  software, 
  books, 
  designs for things which can be produced on site, 
  carbon credits, 
  clean air ( unfortunately nobody is buying at the moment ), 
  digital services, 
  diplomacy ? 
  i dunno , somebody else chime in . 
  how do you know ? 
  are you his dad ? 
  and then reddit will take one individual dildo 's opinion as gospel , until some pedant comes along to argue . 
  then we 'll get ten comment chains , each saying the same fucking yes/no argument . 
  dunno about this case , but some of the people who make noise complaints need to move out of the damn city . 
  especially when it comes from some old couple with a flash car who you just know are freehold . 
  that 's a pretty long extrapolation . 
  43 years ... not saying i do n't believe it , but that 's more than half a lifetime . 
  who knows what could happen ? 
  i wonder if these little bastards look at the system they 're in and , on some level , realise they have no future ? 
  too average to get a job that pays more than wage slavery , not well connected enough to get anywhere in life , full of teenage angst ... 
  sounds like a good recipe for disenfranchisement with society in general , and crime . 
  or maybe i 'm giving them too much credit , and they 're just scum . 
  while we 're at it , can we make it illegal to give fines to vehicles without wof or registration unless you can prove it 's being driven ? 
  fining someone with their car on hold parked outside their house because they 're experiencing hard times is insane . 
  also i doubt those rego fines issued by parking wardens even go to land transport . 
  how do you propose they fit a trolley or chair into a wheelie bin ? 
  i guess it 's case-by-case . 
  but if you do n't like people , go somewhere with less people !, 
  i 'd sure like it if some jobs were created outside of that overpopulated shithole . 
  who is it attractive to ? 
  have n't met one person . 
  no , i 'm poor and live in palmy . 
  i bought a mattress a couple of days before they went into receivership . 
  the mattress was due to arrive to the local branch about a week from today . 
  the branch is n't answering their phone , and neither is the 0800 number . 
  i assume this makes me a creditor . 
  what the hell does entry number 4 mean ? 
  that 's a confusing salad of blanks and stupid biblical prose . 
  how else can i get my money back ? 
  or my mattress ? 
  e : sorry about the sideways picture , it was upright in ms paint , i swear . 
  i know !, 
  i 'm not ` advising ' shit !, 
  i 'm demanding a mattress !, 
  i ca n't fathom why being rich would make you find sitting in traffic ` vibrant ' . 
  maybe i just do n't appreciate the finer things in life . 
  what if it comes from the council ? 
  e : and if that 's really the stance on it , that it becomes ` not a vehicle ' when someone 's not paying the licensing to drive it on the road ( that it 's not even being driven on ) , that 's fucking stupid . 
  so-and-so who owns the car is just a little short on dosh . 
  the council should show some fucking humility . 
  that 's stupid . 
  the system is stupid . 
  and that 's the beauty of democracy . 
  just a quick correction : should read, 
   voting is hard and important , so most people half-arse it . 
  welcome to adulthood . 
  it also does n't include the opportunity party . 
  i get 1st equal green and new zealand first in its current configuration , so if you get that too , you should probably vote opportunity . 
  can you elaborate on ` money thing ' a bit please ? 
  hey dude , everyone in here is saying ` look at each party 's policy , and decide which you prefer ' . 
  and they 're right , but there 's two other things you need to consider :,
