  sometimes it switches to my browser ( google chrome ) , but nothing happens in the browser . 
  i need to be able to take and review notes !, 
  at this point , i 'd be happy for someone to provide an alternative if i ca n't solve my problem . 
  does anybody have a solution , or a stylus-compatible alternative to onenote ? 
  i 'm so angry with microsoft that i 'm looking for a way out . 
  currently , i use my surface to take notes with a stylus , sketch , and use office programs . 
  i also use cloud-based storage . 
  having both keyboard and stylus functionality is critical . 
  how can i do this in a linux way ? 
  convert the surface 3 over , or buy a new device ? 
  i 've played around with linux , refitting old craptops and the like . 
  not completely new , but not overly experienced wither . 
  i just heard that a canterbury grad i knew distantly is now on minimum wage ... that does n't make me very happy . 
  i got a charge 2 for christmas . 
  i 'm grateful , but i do n't really have any use for a fitness tracker . 
  however , it 's still a watch thingy with a motion sensor of some sort , bluetooth , and a heart rate sensor . 
  there 's got ta be some potential for trickery here . 
  has anybody done anything outside the box with a charge 2 ? 
  i thought it would be kind of cool to have a watch type thing that displayed an arrow pointing towards an indicated point on a map , or my speed in kph , or pretty much anything more interesting than step count . 
  even just a highly functional watch that tells me the weather , text reminders , and sunset time would be useful . 
  edit : getting some random replies . 
  what i 'm asking is : has anybody here modified their fitbit ? 
  how did it go ? 
  i have a fitbit that 's surplus to requirements . 
  i want to make it do something useful , as it 's basically a smartwatch waiting to happen . 
  who can help ? 
  hey all , about a year ago i bought a howa model 1500 in 7mm08 . 
  it came in a package deal with a nikko-sterling game king scope . 
  it 's alright , but it lacks a few things . 
  time to upgrade . 
  i 'm a kiwi hunter who mostly chases deer and goats . 
  i do a lot of above-bushline shooting , but still need to be able to shoot in the bush . 
  i like to shoot out to 400m , but have n't done that with this rifle yet . 
  i do n't hunt in temperatures below freezing , or temperatures above 30 c . a scope for new zealand needs to tolerate a hard life , because terrain can be pretty rough . 
  unless you 're on a farm , nz hunting almost always involves crossing bush , which is always wet . 
  my new scope should be at least 9 power ( pref greater ) , but must be variable to allow for bush shooting . 
  it should have numbered turrets ( the game king doesnt ! ), 
  so i can record settings from the range and make applicable adjustments on the fly . 
  it must be available with some kind of graduated reticle ( bdc or mil-dot or something ) . 
  low-light performance is nice . 
  glowing reticle is nice , but only if it 's extremely dim . 
  i 'm looking to spend around 300-400 nzd ( about 250 usd ) , but could go up to 500 nzd ( 360 usd ) if there 's an amazing deal . 
  i 've had a look at the vortex crossfire 2 with bdc . 
  i like it , but i 'm not married to the concept , there 's lots of stuff i still have n't seen !, 
  can we recommend a good upgrade ? 
  thanks guys !, 
  has anybody done it ? 
  how did it go ? 
  what method did you use ? 
  cheers . 
  just looking over some maps for a hunting spot , and what i thought was a walking track turned out to be a sweet mountain biking / 4wd track !, 
  anybody been up there , or know of 4wd clubs that go up there ? 
  what 's it like ? 
  photos up near the top would be appreciated !, 
  stuff that can be bought from local supermarkets . 
  is there anything out there that can do all the cool whizz-bang stats calculations that r can do , but looks like excel ? 
  nz 3d printing sellers tend not to display the brand name on their websites , and sell 1kg of pla for around 50 bucks a roll , which is the same price as shipping in name brand stuff from the usa : /, 
  the soles are disintegrating on my lowa z8x gts . 
  they 've got some sentimental value , i 'd like to resuscitate them . 
  the manufacturer says it ca n't be repaired , but it 's got ta be possible . 
  if they glued the soles on well enough to last 3-4 years , surely i can do the same . 
  i wo n't waste your time asking about basic city stuff , i can google that . 
  what i want to know is this : if you really , really liked hunting deer , and had to move to hamilton or christchurch , which would you pick and why ? 
  hey all ,, 
  i need a cad program to design things to 3d print , and i 'd like to be able to easily edit 3d scanned stls . 
  i 'm pretty good with solidworks , but solidworks offers a crapload more functionality than i need , and is therefore way too expensive !, 
  i 'd prefer to stay on the up-and-up , and not resort to piracy . 
  i want a cad program that is as similar to solidworks as possible , but does n't come with the price tag . 
  ideally , i would n't have a very steep learning curve transferring from solidworks . 
  what would you do !? 
  cheers guys, 
  e : lots of excellent responses . 
  thanks guys !, 
  i have a printer with two hotends . 
  sometimes i want to make two identical parts , as seen in this video at the 1.30 mark :, 
  how can i do this ? 
  i 'm running repetier firmware and using slic3r , if that matters . 
  the manufacturer provided a config for slic3r , but not for cura or s3d . 
  if i use cura or s3d , the printer lays down the first layer as expected , and then shreds it with the nozzle as it attempts to print the second . 
  how can i fix this ? 
  other than the obvious solution of using slic3r . 
  there 's some damage to the paint where some roof racks were clearly glued at some point . 
  i have the tools to make some new roof racks , i 'd like to give it a crack . 
  i 'll also accept any questions/advice re this project . 
  thanks in advance , 
  i missed the debate between bill and jacinda , now i want to watch it after the fact . 
  where can i find it ? 
  tvnz appear to only be interested in live streaming it . 
  inb4 google , i 've already tried that, 
  e : solved , thanks, 
  a mate has a whole bunch of wild geese he wants to get rid of . 
  i 'm somewhere where it 's legal to shoot them , and he wants me to come help him out . 
  some of my old goosedown-filled gear is looking a bit sad . 
  it 's just occurred to me that i can put two and two together here ... 
  i 'm a diy kind of guy . 
  it should be easy to make some sort of down removing device . 
  i have n't really thought this through yet . 
  is this practical ? 
  would you do it ? 
  what 's involved ?
