  who would have thought ? 
  we get pretty good results with our mince by cooking it for a bit and then straining the liquid off in a colander . 
  it would make life a little easier for the nzdf . 
  procurement for a start . 
  what they get ! = what they need . 
  happens way too often . 
  money is wasted buying kit that 's not applicable to the job it has to do , or buying too much . 
  edit : it 's unfair to blame that entirely on the government though . 
  errors happen on the military side too . 
  the wrx is n't exactly an economy car . 
  i believe suzuki motorcycles is still doing well in the usa . 
  very well globally . 
  7hp from something that would otherwise make about 30 horse is a big deal . 
  why would anybody do that ? 
  amen . 
  what now paled in comparison to squirt . 
  palmerston north . 
  and then everybody ignores the real up north . 
  there 's still 4 hours past auckland until we run out of country , people !, 
  archer very rarely shows characters at that angle , they 're usually at not-quite-profile and with a little shadow on the face ( see the sidebar ) . 
  how does it ride ? 
  i genuinely thought new vegas was much better . 
  i liked the storyline more , and it had a better emphasis on guns over lasers ( which just lack the feel of bullets ) . 
  i liked the ammo types mechanic . 
  did n't even know someone else made new vegas until recently . 
  now here 's 5 mins of courage the cowardly dog , but we 're going to interrupt it with footage of some kid running around with a camera, 
  whangarei has just as many jobs as any other city that 's not in the big 3 . 
  dargaville , on the other hand ... 
  beautiful rickyism right there . 
  to be fair , a lot of the public input over the last six months has been pretty shithouse . 
  even if you give up , you 're still going to lose a bit of meat . 
  you ca n't surrender to a dog . 
  wonder if you could argue that in court . 
  edit : probably not , unless they did n't give you the opportunity to surrender beforehand . 
  can the dog be charged with issuing unlawful commands ? 
  i 'm on the fence on this issue . 
  one foot in that camp , the other foot in the ` who cares , do what you want ' camp . 
  it should be renamed ` flimsy bread ' . 
  i put the filling between slices of bread so it does n't get all over my hands . 
  sandwich bread ca n't contain more than the tiniest bit of butter without falling apart . 
  might as well just eat my marmite straight from the jar . 
  never heard of it . 
  hold up . 
  looks alright . 
  do i need a google account ? 
  i 'm one of those users that has a google account that 's only purpose is letting me access the app store . 
  the general discourse . 
  i agree they should n't be trying to ratify it without proper scrutiny , but the general public is n't informed enough to have any worthwhile input . 
  it would be nice if they were , you should come out of high school with an understanding of how tariffs work ( at minimum ) , but until that happens the ` man on the street ' does n't have anything worth saying about the tpp . 
  until then , ` proper scrutiny ' means smes not attached to the government . 
  yup . 
  work hard in whatever is booming at the moment , get a deposit on a house , buy another one you have equity , retire . 
  nz economy in a nutshell . 
  somebody start a god damn business for once . 
  yeah mate , that 's the cdf 's reddit account . 
  why do n't you like google keep ? 
  is it any different to onenote ? 
  apparently they queue like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/njvowvd.jpg ), 
  i love how they 're all standing facing the same way because of the wind . 
  like cows . 
  somebody more enlightened than me can probably answer , but i have my doubts too . 
  unless they left every single rifle behind they probably could n't simulate any kind of weight of fire . 
  i tend to get there before the mrs if she uses google maps . 
  this is because it 's my damn vehicle , if she wants to pick the route she can walk . 
  i agree . 
  that 's exactly why we should be pushing for better education . 
  democracy is almost pointless when the public does n't know countries work . 
  cafe counterculture, 
  my partner just bought couch cushions and coffee mugs without handles . 
  every time we sit on the couch we take the cushions off and put them on the floor . 
  and we already had eight coffee mugs in a house with two people . 
  at least pies fill you up . 
  i 'll do it , and be the most horrible male stereotype out . 
  rugby up loud at midnight , up at 6am on to rev my commodore , burnouts and oil stains ... 
  fuck you , there 's 4 hours of country north of auckland too . 
  it 's the real up north . 
  it should be a hanging offence to refer to auckland as ` up north ' . 
  it 's an insult to the fine people of whangarei and dargaville . 
  it shattered into a million pieces , but you could reassemble it on the spot . 
  my goal in the last 3 months of my career was to become yossarian . 
  at your kitchen table , or on the deck . 
   government standard, 
  bringing you to the level of professionalism displayed by our road workers who stand there and do nothing, 
  well yeah , i know that . 
  but then it 's not funny . 
  nac refunds the money if you cancel the insurance . 
   women - focused ads, 
  you mean every ad except for beer and razors ? 
  awesome !, 
  they must be going by the ` tastes bad , is good for you ' philosophy . 
  exactly . 
  three types of commuter , two places to go . 
  one moves at 5km/h and weighs 70kg , one moves at 20km/h and weighs 90kg , one moves at 50 kph and weighs 1200kg . 
  who should be sharing ? 
  especially when one can kill the other two but not vice versa . 
  grrrrrr northland is never the best at anything, 
  what 's this about nz being a natural fit with evs ? 
  does n't half of our population live in a rural area ? 
  e : down vote is not a disagree button . 
  strongest shape .
