  where is the line ? 
  i see it as gen y being me ( post 85 , pre 2000 ) and millenials as being 2000-present . 
  fair enough . 
  gay tenants might redecorate without permission . 
  real talk , they 're only good frozen . 
  i just do n't see where that much money is coming from . 
  it would be darker than the sky , and show up really easily . 
  fuck off , we 're full, 
  reasonable force is a funny one to me . 
  i mean , hypothetically , if i 'm going to confront an unknown threat in my house i should probably bring my gun along to keep myself safe . 
  and india, 
  for a similar reason , i retain monkey butt . 
  good point . 
  i guess in a real world situation i 'd sit there and listen for a bit and make the decision on whether or not it 's ` reasonable ' . 
  and it probably would n't be . 
  and because it 's locked up and disassembled , it likely would n't even be practical . 
  it 's not there for self-defence , but it is there . 
  same with cricket bats and kitchen knives . 
  they all have purposes , but could fit the definition of ` reasonable force ' in some situations . 
  key word above is ` hypothetically ' . 
  if you skim over it , it makes me look like a lunatic and i probably should have been much clearer . 
  there are pretty much no situations where it 's reasonable , and it 's very illegal for a good reason . 
  but in that one-in-a-million situation , does ` reasonable force ' take precedence over the arms code ? 
  i would get it plugged , but i would have it removed and use a mushroom plug as opposed to using a dog turd . 
  tagging onto that , i have a cracked fairing . 
  i put a big cake of automotive bog on the inside ( i think it 's called ` body filler ' in the states ) and poked it into the crack from the outside , and then painted over it . 
  it looks like new , really . 
  so there 's that option . 
  what the fuck kind of vehicle is positive earth ? 
  have a look on your local auction site , and see what second hand bike gear goes for compared to new . 
  if you do n't fall off , you can sell your gear when it does n't fit . 
  if you do , you 'll be glad you had the good stuff . 
  what are you looking for ? 
  i 'd recommend the ex250 ninja , but it is a tad slow compared to the i4 250ccs . 
  the sv650 is n't lams . 
  only the sv650u , which is different . 
  i would wait , man . 
  i 'm in a similar boat . 
  there 's a million cheap , fun used bikes that can be had for $ 2000-6000 and are n't on the lams list . 
  the ones that are over 250cc and covered under lams are all a bit boring , or restricted versions of other bikes . 
  restricted to full is only a year if you take a course . 
  and there 's always the track . 
  you can ride whatever you want on the track , and it does n't have to be legal so it 's a fraction the cost . 
  hit the bench . 
  and the prius probably has abs , so it 'll manage to come to a perfect halt right in your path when you ca n't go around it . 
  it works by pulsing the brakes on and off really fast . 
  to experience it fairly safely , deliberately lock up the rear wheel . 
  i 'm about to do my fork course in a week . 
  i 'll ask the guy . 
  remind me in a few weeks and i 'll tell you . 
  yeah , i 'd agree with that . 
  the ninja will be ok for that , but i 'd look for something bigger if you can . 
  it 's the same in new zealand because we only have a few ports and did n't build enough fucking rail , despite the whole country basically being one straight line of coastal towns . 
  weather is on point though, 
  i 've always kinda wanted one because it 's a bold design . 
  it 's hideous , but it 's not one of these shitty , bland , identical shopping trolleys ( yaris , focus , ka , barina etc ) . 
  we 're taller . 
  that could just be nutrition though . 
  you 're a grown man . 
  who gives a fuck what your mum thinks ? 
  have you tried this ? 
  the velcro does n't clog up with powder ? 
  i suppose i could be awesome and make a little holster type thing from duct tape and attach it to the side . 
  i like it , but i do n't want to get sticky tape glue all through my powder . 
  maybe drill a hole in the scoop instead . 
  i like it . 
  mine lives in my locker at the gym . 
  yeah , you can enter data quicker using physical buttons . 
  hold my cornflakes , i 'm going in !, 
  bureaucratic red tape . 
  yes , they are magic , but they 're still a government department . 
  do n't fucking spout ` thank you for your service ' at people . 
  that 's stupid , and achieves nothing . 
  soldiers are people too . 
  just pay your taxes and treat them like regular people . 
  what about globe ? 
   powerful, 
  what , like in watts ? 
  they 're actually pretty cool if you do n't wear any webbing . 
  this makes them absolutely useless for soldiering , but a must-have for the tacticool backpacker, 
  hilariously , they did n't even fix any of the problems with dpm when they replaced it with mcu . 
  they just made the existing problems worse and developed some more of their own . 
  the hip harness means that the weight goes directly through your hips into the ground , so your back lasts longer . 
  tramping packs have this design . 
  but you ca n't use that and webbing at the same time . 
  yeah , it 's shit for military use until somebody designs gucci high speed hip harness compatible webbing . 
  when they do , it 'll be awesome . 
  hiking packs moved away from the alice style external frame nearly 20 years ago . 
  or you could just do it like every other developed country in the world and pay your soldiers a decent wage ( married or not ), 
  why is sync better than rif ? 
  nutella existed at least ten years before 9gag and reddit , and did well too . 
  what do we think of a 2001 rf400r ? 
  anybody owned one ? 
  tell me all about it !, 
  check your bedmas matey, 
  johnny-on-the-spot with the information over here ... 
  this is n't even your sub . 
  hard worker . 
  do you think that might be a biased source of news ? 
  it is your duty to report back,
