  with that output volume , surely demand would be met by very few growers . 
  muesli bars . 
  take them out of the packets and put 2-4 per day in a single zip lock bag . 
  salami - half a log per meal . 
  crackers . 
  prefer one with minimal air . 
  single serve porridge thingies . 
  most importantly , dehydrated bacon !, 
  try owning two motorbikes ... grrrrr, 
  i guess we could sorta gauge it by looking at the import beer market . 
  it exists . 
  i do n't think it 's going to be linear . 
  one criminal job in the black market ` industry ' wo n't convert directly to one job post-legalization , if we take a job to mean 35-40 payed man-hours per week . 
  when you hear about growers being busted in the news , they always have some other job , and weed is a side venture . 
  all the dealers i knew back when i indulged also had day jobs . 
  each person in the chain from germination to dooby probably only put 10 hours a week into it , and the process is far from optimized . 
  when you can sell it out of a store ( or vending machine ) and do away with all the fuckaround factor , i reckon you 'd probably see one job created for every five illegal ` jobs ' lost . 
  it might be thousands , i do n't know . 
  my business model was doable as a 1-man band , not counting a security guard . 
  will demand ever increase 5-fold ? 
  i do n't know anybody who wants to smoke weed , but does n't . 
  they look pretty alright to me, 
  wow , really ? 
  i suppose . 
  i was only ever an end-user , and this was years and years ago . 
  a gram a week was heavy use for me , to the point where i would feel foggy when i was n't even on the stuff . 
  i knew people who smoked half an ounce a week , but i assumed the average user was nearer to me than him . 
  yeah , we 're only speculating . 
  one thing is for certain : if you want to get in on the green rush , you 'd better have capital . 
  every man and their dog will be ready to jump on it . 
   maybe we all just expect too much from wine, 
  you can only go so far with mashed rotten grapes . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  wait til you see a steyr trigger . 
  the rifle is excellent , but fuck that trigger . 
  ever used a nail gun ? 
  that 's what a steyr trigger feels like . 
  other than that , absolutely rate it 8/8 . 
  a little sad my country is going to an ar platform . 
  hopefully i can buy a steyr now though . 
  look at this ball bag wearing cammies at the gym ... put some exercise gear on like a normal person !, 
  used it in a lav . 
  thought it was alright . 
  turret ergonomics were a bit shit though , and there 's just not that much ammo . 
  did your unit make you take them out to store them ? 
  mine did . 
  it was retarded . 
  the only place they 're ever going to be used is in the damn lav , but no . 
  they have to come out and sit around for someone to drop a snatch block on the fiddly little catches . 
  all in all , the lav3 is pretty cool . 
  just a few retarded bits : the guy who designed the air con controls had obviously never heard of air conditioning until that point . 
  the periscope blowers do n't really work except on the lowest setting . 
  the sponson nets are utter shit and get mixed up easily , but only work properly if installed correctly . 
  yeah holy fuck it 's shithouse . 
  duct tape on helmet = shit soldier ? 
  fuck that , you do n't know . 
  it 's an effective solution . 
  for all we know , the order was ` no scrims ' until 5 mins ago . 
  only if you put a backpack in the station wagon . 
  let 's go the other way ... 
  sounds like you 're sinking a lot of dosh into repeat laptop purchases . 
  600-800 will buy you a craptop that will die really quickly . 
  600-800 dollars will buy you a decent desktop , especially if you put it together yourself . 
  this will last 5-8 years , 10-12 if you upgrade . 
  over time , you 'll save enough money to buy a decent portable device . 
  yes , probably . 
  the bloke in question is a mechanical major . 
  i 'm interested in anybody 's experience if they 've graduated with a be ( hons ) or greater , except for software engineers ( it just is n't a job i want to do ) . 
  what was/is the pay and work like ? 
  what major was he ? 
  when did he graduate ? 
  i want to buy one . 
  it 's a waterproof nylon sheet , coloured on both sides . 
  it should be easy to grab one off ali express or something but i ca n't describe it well enough to find it . 
  no matter where you buy it from it 'll be nylon made and waterproofed in china . 
  i 'm not willing to pay for some dude to import it and slap his name on it . 
  things like packs and boots , sure . 
  avoid ali express . 
  but this is a bit of fabric ... 
  it 's not mine , it 's a pic from google . 
  the height is probably to make it easier to photograph . 
  i think you mean a taj mahootchie, 
  it does n't even need to be waterproof . 
  it just needs to slope . 
  i 've made this type of shelter from hessian before and it works fine . 
  holy fuck guys , this sub is way more active than i thought . 
  thanks for the responses . 
  bang on !, 
  two thumbs up for that guy !, 
  i 'm not going into it solely for the money . 
  i have some serious projects i want to work on . 
  i need knowledge from the course , and money from the related jobs to get these projects off the ground . 
  if there 's no money in the field , then i 'll just self-teach what i need to know and go back to my old job . 
  exactly . 
  that 's me . 
  end goal is to be self-employed anyway . 
  also i think calling engineering an academic degree is a bit wrong . 
  i do n't think he 's using ` should n't ' to mean ` illegal ' . 
  it 's legal to buy 10,000 marshmallows and push them up my nose , but i probably should n't do it . 
  that 's why they 're called full metal jacket , not full metal leotard,
