  well , i 'm truly on the fence . 
  i flopped away from them a while ago . 
  i 'm generally fucked off about all political parties at the moment . 
  i wish someone was bringing something palatable to the table for me . 
  top is close , i guess . 
  seeing you constantly shitting on top is actually just reminding me of the shitty blinker effect - people are n't satisfied with the current offering , but the system is stacked against any drastic change . 
  your constant shitting on them might just make me flip back . 
  i like the uniforms and the fact that they 're generally tidy , but so do old people . 
  they walk too damn slow !, 
  making it easier for small parties to enter parliament to prevent a stupid america situation is quickly becoming a top 10 priority for my vote . 
  i 'm fucked off that i have to vote strategically to make it count . 
  i 've been watching cgp grey lately and want to see a fairer system . 
  which party would achieve that , it not top ? 
  for context , that 's 0.05 % of gdp with the intent to grow to half a percent of gdp in a year . 
  he sure did , i just wrote the wrong thing, 
  what about geothermal power ? 
  that 's pretty much always-on , static output , is n't it ? 
  but then how do you ask the deaf person how the interview went ? 
  nah bro , they 'll just make less money / s, 
  increase the bounty at the same rate the population decreases, 
  control the rate of change of the bounty in proportion to the rate at which dead possums come in . 
  farming profits should remain static , while increasing per head of possum sold . 
  dunno why i 'm arguing for this system though , i 'm in favour of poisoning anyway - it 's cheap and effective . 
  bounties will probably work best if you run them at the conclusion of a poisoning program . 
  nz had a net migration of ~ 71,000 in 2016 . 
  labour is planning to reduce migration by 20-30 ,000 . 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  get a sheep or something . 
  where do you get that amount of meat for $ 2 ? 
  i had someone try to convince me my 1996 subaru legacy was a collector 's item ... 
  got a source on that claim for palmy ? 
  they 're so fat , loud and slow . 
  it 'd be like the pheasant shooting tutorial level . 
  alcohol makes me hallucinate people prettier than they actually are, 
  there 's only three electorates who tend to produce candidates who are n't red or blue, 
  northland at the moment, 
  ensuring a labour government for years to come, 
  why would nuclear power help our space agency ? 
  yeah i know what those are . 
  i 'm not making the connection between those and large-scale nuclear power generation . 
  do these guys go out for days at a time , or come and go from shore ? 
  i guess that depends on the size of the boat - the morning 's work area could be the evening 's smoking and hanging out area . 
  if i were a fisherman , i 'd prefer to be trusted than have a camera pointing at me on my off-time . 
  the other side of it is the technical challenge - is it a live camera streaming to a another location , or does it store recordings ? 
  what 's to stop me from connecting the camera to a recording of me doing some legitimate fishing ? 
  this looks like a huge technical challenge to me - pretty sure i could doctor a security camera to only show footage of me doing prerecorded legitimate fishing stuff with a day or two on google and a trip to jaycar . 
  and if it 's remotely monitored , just cover the transmitter with tinfoil . 
  how many of you really think your average fellow kiwi is smart enough to hold a conversation about more than one of those issues on the left ? 
  they 're the guys who used to put out the catalogues that primary school kids could buy books from , right ? 
  helen clark herself !, 
  xxxgrego'connor 420xxx, 
  and then after that , they look at your last job . 
  you can still get a long way by minimum-standarding your way through life . 
  ' i do n't know why it 's not working , it 's your equipment ', 
  add in an industry full of fishermen who want to break the rules , and you 've got intermittent failures across a network that 's thousands of kilometers wide and impossible to police . 
  or you could unplug it , claiming you were doing electrical maintenance , and then deliberately overvolt it . 
  the more i think about it , the more i think this has n't been considered properly yet . 
  clearly . 
  i understand their position though . 
  even if it 's completely self contained i could just stick a tablet in front of it that plays a video of me doing normal fishing stuff ( like in the simpsons ) . 
  if you permanently break it , or are the only person temporarily disabling it , then you 'll probably be investigated and caught . 
  but if you 're part of a large industry where breaking the law is common ( and might be necessary to actually make money ) , and everyone 's doing it , and everyone goes hours away from civilization for days at a time , there 's no way you 'll be caught . 
  we 're going in circles ... do one of the following :, 
  - put an aluminium pie dish on the transmitter , forming a faraday cage, 
  - interrupt the power supply, 
  - put a convincing fake seagull on a stick in front of the camera, 
  - wait until it gets dark , then use an ir light to flare out the image, 
  then do your illegal activity , and undo then whatever camera-defeating option you did , and hide or discard your camera-defeating kit . 
  convince all your fisherman mates to do the same ( which will be easy when not doing it will cost them thousands in lost profits ) . 
  and you do n't even need to convince all of them . 
  if you convince 10 % of them , your tampering will be indistinguishable from a recurring equipment fault . 
  depends . 
  using ` smart ' kinda implies that anybody who is n't informed is dumb . 
  in an age when information is free and instantly available , i 'd like to live in a society where repeatedly deciding to not be informed is considered dumb . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're serious . 
  you seem to be trying to tell me that it 's a certainty that tampering with the camera will get you caught , or that ` remote monitoring ' an undefeatable magic spell or something . 
  no , but do you really think allowing the average kiwi to contribute to those discussions will do anything to change that ? 
  oh , i 'm not saying i should be making those decisions !, 
  i 'm nowhere near informed enough !, 
  it 's a full-time job just to gather the information to make even one of those decisions properly . 
  enlighten me . 
  if i was doing any of these things , and my mates were too , how would you catch me ? 
  i do n't know , i get all my information from people correcting me on / r/newzealand, 
  if we 're talking about knowledge and qualifications in parliament , it annoys the shit out of me how there are n't really any mps with science or tech backgrounds . 
  it makes it look like the spear is a consisten size and the night king is two feet tall, 
  it 's ridiculous to say that a huge country with an active intelligence service that 's also in the same neighborhood as us and imports a huge amount of our agricultural produce would want to have any influence over us . 
  to imply such things is just racism . 
  generations of not teaching critical thinking skills lead to a gullible population . 
  nothing you do in the hours before an exam really matters . 
  play the long game , stay on top of your material . 
  do n't seek motivation , strive for discipline !, 
  do you think years of generally doing the same job and not learning anything makes you a more critical thinker ? 
  because that 's what adult life looks like for most people . 
  ` it 's getting too expensive to smoke ! ', 
  here in nz you 're more likely to see an ancient shotgun or some beat-to-shit bush rifle for pigs . 
  pig hunters are a bit of a rough breed though . 
  deer hunting is a more of a civilised man 's game , 
  yeah , yes and no . 
  it 's legal to hunt on department of conservation land , and there 's quite a bit of it around . 
  there 's also game reserves , forestry blocks , and maori land .
