  and buying shares in a company benefits that company , so you really are contributing something to the country . 
  you used to eat clp ? 
  you 're probably retarded now , if you were n't already . 
  vibration switch in the form of a spring . 
  fixed at one end , loose at the other , with a small weight . 
  when the case jiggles , the spring will contact the side of the case . 
  make a smooth drum using any filament , and then put metal bosses/rods of some kind into it . 
  full insurance will cost an under-25 male the value of the car in two years . 
  not worth it !, 
  put the money aside , self-insure . 
  you will die . 
  it will be hypothermia . 
  and nobody will report you to the police because they 're afraid their garden will get raided . 
  the second guy from our left looks like he 's about to commit suicide with a musket, 
  nah man , let the thunderbolt do the talking, 
  that 's quite an interesting conversation to have with task - oriented people like engineers . 
  it 's fun to see them try to find creative ways to say ` that culture does it wrong ' . 
  how ? 
  or maybe you were just in one of the police academy movies, 
  and our local beers have terrible tasting head . 
  it has the consistency of dish soap . 
  then the person answering the phone can write it down for me , ffs . 
  in those situations i use the obvious motorcycle advantage - i can safely go way too fast to be tailgated by a car . 
  it 's the follower 's job to maintain a proper following distance , but it 's your arse on the tarmac if he does n't . 
  if that 's the system , the system is stupid and needs to be changed . 
  we have a public cognitive dissonance on whether or not it 's responsible to own a cat . 
  not if ` fly back ' means landing in a barrel of burning coal, 
  have you played spore ? 
  elite dangerous is a bit samey , but it 's got exploration elements . 
  i 'm a student , but i 'll be using the software as a bit of side business , so that 's out . 
  i 'll have a look at fusion 360 . 
  thanks . 
  all i need for 3d printing is stl export capability , i use cura to handle the rest . 
  cheers for the quick response . 
  it appears fusion 360 is free for startups . 
  it looks like a cross between solidworks and tinkercad , which is nice . 
  how would you rate onshape v solidworks ? 
  it was notorious big for me, 
  the canadian camo also looks distinctive and cool as fuck, 
  white people problems, 
  do you not agree that it 's impossible to conserve our local wildlife while owning so many cats ? 
  give us a citation on that last part, 
  how should he respond when somebody is wrong and he knows it ? 
  should he just keep quiet about it ? 
  is a man not entitled to the sweat of his brow !, 
  then you either prefer convenient self-deception or have n't seriously looked into the issue . 
  nobody can tell, 
  strong with the force , i see . 
  solving the brain drain by making the population dumber sounds like cutting off your nose to spite your face . 
  here 's the opposing point of view : i was able to gain perspective and become the person i am today through concrete experiences that did n't cost the taxpayer a cent . 
  if you 're saying that the liberal arts somehow made your worldview better than mine , you 're pretentious . 
  and if our world view is of equal value , why ca n't you just follow the path i did , instead of billing the taxpayer for your enlightenment ? 
  i 'm aware that viewpoint has some holes , but it 's pretty much the stance of those who are against government-subsidised arts education . 
  to add a more personal touch : why should i have to pay the same for my stem degree - where unemployment for graduates is practically negative , and where graduates often produce technological advances that further benefit society - as a ba grad who now works at video ezy ? 
  we do n't . 
  we just let everyone else foot the bill for those arts grads who did n't do a damn thing . 
  they have a fucking huge range of low-end firearms , and do n't appear to be affiliated with any one manufacturer , so they stock everything . 
  they also sell all the tacticool shit . 
  closest mechanic . 
  what do you think the outcome will be ? 
  regarding making a contribution , i 'm assuming most of the members of parliament have a degree . 
  anybody have a breakdown of what they all majored in ? 
  i 'm studying engineering and have no time to pay my own way without letting my grades slip . 
  vets , med and law should be similar or worse i 'd imagine . 
  yes there is . 
  same with christianity . 
  holy trinity my dick hole . 
  what kind of specialist ? 
  all the men in those photos are dressed exactly like me when i was 5, 
  have you tried using food grade dry ice ? 
  that 's a funny way to spell rubbish, 
  ' i got good marks in high school , better than x percent ', 
  you do n't need a safe , you need a way to store your firearms safely . 
  if you 're a renter with only a handful of guns , you can get away with chaining them down to some out-of-sight , immovable part of the house ( e.g. 
  the hot water cylinder ) . 
  source : local firearms officers in a few regions . 
  edit : just adding on to the ` old dears ' bit : hunting and shooting clubs are absolutely filled with old buggers . 
  i guess young hunters just do n't join . 
  the early 90s ones are tough as hell , cheap , and simple . 
  yeah , i guess when you 're out and about it comes down to ` do whatever 's safe ' . 
  i just take the bolt out and stick it in my boot , but that 's more so i 'm guaranteed not to roll onto it and shoot myself . 
  new zealand first , even before new zealand . 
  my catholic school report said i was the captain of the first xv . 
  we did n't have a first 15 , and i do n't know how to play rugby . 
  isometric rtss look better and play better . 
  do you reckon they have a better sense of humour over there , or is it just because i mentally voice all the comments like crocodile dundee ? 
  that 's what happens when you go riding in a crash bandicoot level, 
  do trains run faster with different fuel ? 
  it definitely makes me prefer to not be near strangers . 
  piracy is still superior to both . 
  you 'd get stabbed in the thigh then get septicemia when you shit your pants into your wound . 
   the look on the guy 's face, 
  why are the weights of the actors public knowledge ? 
  not allowing for tyrion 's 40kg of books , he 's going to be on that boat for a week , after all . 
  and 7kg of carry-on baggage per person . 
  they 're all excellent places to do nothing, 
  bro , you 're prioritising your relationship with your local fast food shop over a relationship with a girl . 
  if it becomes that awkward , go to mcds after . 
  fuck the king, 
  do you know anyone who would buy beer because they could n't find weed ?
