  and my bike rego stays the same :(, 
  how to write in dutch :, 
  write in german , but add extra aaas, 
  what an ugly looking game . 
  right down to the font . 
  what 's the best bike on the lams list to own ? 
  i 've been commuting on a 250 for fucking ages , driven for ages more . 
  just did the length of the country twice on a ninja . 
  time to move up , i want more power . 
  asian reporter trisha takinawa ? 
  letting agencies that wo n't rent a room to you unless you have a job , but want you to view the place at 2pm on a wednesday . 
  racist !, 
  billy t !, 
  you 're getting payed less than a ten year soldier in a low-risk position ( e.g. 
  truckie ) with no formal qualifications . 
  i think so . 
  but if your employer is dick ish enough to do that , you should leave . 
  unhelpful but correct . 
  how long did you get for conspiracy to commit embezzlement ? 
  here in nz i doubt you 'd even do lag over it . 
  probably just lose your job , maybe lose ipenz certification/fellowship . 
  not from the states . 
  have used it . 
  mechanically , it 's as complicated as a cap gun . 
  it 's soldier proof . 
  you wo n't break it unless you try . 
  it 's a little heavy though ... 
  no idea . 
  never carried an at4 . 
  i would assume there 's a point where the gustav + ammo is lighter than the equivalent in at4s because you are n't carrying a whole bunch of extra tubes . 
  i 'm talking about design choices . 
  the font is shit . 
  the characters look androgynous and bland . 
  well , i would n't treat it like that . 
  but yeah , it probably would survive . 
  edit : the first paragraph in that wikipedia article states that the m40 had problems with reliability . 
  if you discount admin time . 
  by the time they get all of the contestants to the location it 's more like 7 days . 
  so still a pretty good deal . 
  is this not how everybody does it ? 
   like many m\u0101ori , my name has been mutilated over  airport terminal speakers, 
  she should turn up on time then !, 
  damn darkies , always late . 
  my mrs got us a warning for downloading wiz khalifa . 
  i deleted it on principle . 
  now , i 'm not in favour of combining the defence for either , but let 's not fly off the handle . 
  change within an organisation does n't mean discarding the history , disbanding the sas or dropping our responsibilities . 
  organisational change has happened before and will happen again . 
  some current units have their heritage in fighting maori during the new zealand wars . 
  we bear battle honours from this , and from ww1 ( where we were arguably just defending britain 's interests . 
  we retain this history , even though today the nzdf has nothing to do with pacifying maori or britain . 
  there 's plenty of good reasons not to combine the armed forces . 
  let 's stick to those instead of hyperbole . 
  yup . 
  i looked for a fabrication apprenticeship for 2 years when i left school . 
  could n't find one . 
  huzz huzz, 
  you are n't going to want to hear this , but you may need another hobby . 
  my functional country just pays for that for me . 
  me neither . 
  23 % income , 15 % gst . 
  is there anything that 's significantly more expensive here in nz when compared to aussie ? 
  i 'm going over soon , wondering if there 's anything worth picking up . 
  any items , no matter how niche . 
  i do n't care . 
  that 's not how it works either , dumbarse, 
  you 'll feel a bit like neo when he leaves the matrix . 
  ` why does my brain hurt ? ', 
  ` because you 've never used it . ', 
  well , they look like tired regular people . 
  a lot of these photos were probably taken in the morning . 
  you look like a character from the ps2 game 13 . 
  i have the casio fx82 g2 with upgraded firmware . 
  it 's good mayn, 
  edit : i see it is n't on the list . 
  i 'd get the casio ex115, 
  regular car reviews, 
  it 's verboten to mention that place here, 
  speaking as the rest of the world , 50 stars and 13 stripes are too damn many anyway . 
  how many americans know how many stars are on the chinese flag ? 
  you know the stringy bits in celery ? 
  windows 7 has better backwards compatability , better ability to optimise and fault find , and allows you to set up ad-hoc networks for multiplayer gaming . 
  an even distribution between filler cap on the left and filler cap on the right reduces congestion at petrol stations . 
  basic soldiering looks shit too . 
  in my country it 's a mortal sin for any soldier to let the loose straps hang down like that . 
  you tape/tie up the excess . 
  and you 'd never be caught dead with a pouch unzipped unless you 're in the act of taking something out of it . 
   integrating him, 
  \u222b sinx/x dx, 
  stop it !, 
  the hard part there would be defining a gang . 
  tempted to copy that for mine , but with blue and dark blue . 
  world 's ugliest horse, 
  what the fuck ? 
  20 bucks gets you a pretty good haircut here . 
  a litre is a kilogram of water , which takes up 100mm by 100mm of space . 
  a cubic metre is a tonne of water ( 1000l ) , which is 1000kg . 
  what 's wrong with aa bb cc dd ee ? 
  stick with 7 . 
  the new barbecue shapes taste like the old barbecue shapes but with sugar on them .
