  stick it in a gel cap , stamp it into a pill , whatever . 
  i suppose it 's possible to sell it as a psychedelic , but when magic mushrooms pop up out of the ground for free and mescaline can be made in your kitchen for like ten dollars , why bother ? 
  especially when e at the time was 60 bucks a pill . 
  iirc there were heaps of different types of these chemicals . 
  the effects ranged from e-like to mildly psychedelic . 
  i thought 25i was just another of that bunch . 
  til . 
  shoe boxes then, 
  have n't seen anybody flash their lights to warn me of a cop in about three years . 
  bring it back !, 
  are you an etymologist ? 
  yep , cricket season 's over . 
  return your bat to the closet . 
  obvious . 
  the regulators are kinda dangerous , and limit you to the 50kph zones . 
  part of the thing that makes scooters so dangerous is that they 're always in the way . 
  slapping governors in them just makes them look safer to people who do n't ride them . 
  there 's several places where the cyclists should be able to go on the footpath . 
  we need a unit for arseholery . 
  you 're about ten millitrumps . 
  i see the idea there , but if we can trust everybody else to follow a posted speed limit , why do n't we just make the cycle lane a 30kph zone for narrow vehicles such as scooters and bikes ? 
  just because it 's easy to follow the law does n't mean it 's a good law . 
  it also could be done by manufacturing depressions in the road at the bus stops . 
  and it 's actually possible to escape the police in gta4 . 
  in sa it 's impossible over like 3 stars . 
  what does the police association do ? 
  is it kinda like a ` mother 's against ... ' - type deal , but with cops ? 
  they still kinda do things . 
  they take care of refugees ( sometimes ) and stuff like that . 
  just curious , how does discipline work in the police force ? 
  do you have your own ` laws ' , prisons and justice system , like the nzdf 's armed forces discipline act ? 
  or is it just civil law and a code of conduct ? 
  what 's a ponzi economy ? 
  spot the canadian ... 
  however you feel like , mate . 
  rubber band and two wires works ok . 
  are you my alt account ? 
  cheers , very informative . 
  your parents obviously gave you too much ellipsis as a kid . 
  shoulda just gone with ` da fuzz ' . 
  is it the same thing as strapping tape ? 
  china runs like a giant game of factorio . 
  they 're in the coal stage of base-building , before you go fully electric . 
  how do the french recycle it ? 
  sure , global warming sounds easier to fix to someone in the us midwest . 
  have you ever seen a beach ? 
  i 'm in a country where you ca n't be more than 250km from the coast . 
  we only have four or five cities that are significantly above sea level , our three largest economic centers are coastal and mostly at sea level . 
  we also support dozens of island nations that would create millions of refugees if sea levels were to rise at all . 
  not to mention damage to our economy because we 're basically dependent on agriculture . 
  and we 're supported entirely by wind , geothermal and hydro ( albiet a couple of gas turbines for when it 's not windy etc ) . 
  it 's up to you guys in your big countries to stop belching coal smoke into the atmosphere . 
  if you ca n't support yourselves with hydro , wind , solar and geothermal then you need to find another way for the good of the rest of the world . 
  maybe the mid west is n't the best place , but with all that space there 's got ta be somewhere that 's empty . 
  is n't utah just desert ? 
  new mexico ? 
  stop pushing the agenda for what ? 
  the rest of the world ? 
  you and china are dirtying it up for the rest of us . 
  ethanol still produces carbon dioxide and carbon monoxide when you burn it , and it consumes land area needed for food production . 
  and what 's all this about cannabis ? 
  that sounds like the worst plant to produce ethanol from . 
  sweet potatoes sounds like it 'll work , but cannabis ? 
  why not sugar cane , rice , potatoes , corn or literally any other starchy-carby plant material ? 
  i do n't know , i 'm not that far yet . 
  but i think you can get nuclear or geothermal power somehow . 
  might be a mod . 
  go back to your cannabis . 
  you give environmentalists a bad name . 
  pam is overused . 
  he has a finely tuned sense of racism . 
  what do you mean by thinking compartmentally , and how does it relate to the jokes ? 
  yup . 
  for one thing , there 's nowhere else that 's practical to train with lav . 
  also , artillery . 
  and it 'd be extremely costly to clear it of unexploded ordnance if they wanted to use it as anything other than an army training area . 
  we do n't trust anyone cause we 're a bunch of filthy cynics . 
  those shifty lumberjacks ... 
  anyone know why my new neighbours would tape some dead leaves to their door ? 
  looks like a cutting from a tree . 
  maybe that 's it . 
  they 're brown , and there 's dozens of them in a 2 bedroom flat . 
  fuuuck , i know !, 
  and there 's the fuck-around of putting the lavs through roll-throughs to check they 're roadworthy that takes a day per sqn if nothing goes wrong . 
  at least their drivers get good at road driving . 
  maaaybe . 
  on the other hand , it 's a date given by a military . 
  they said 2018 , could mean 2017 or it could mean 2020 . 
  the army has its own bars inside the camp anyway . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  it kinda does - there 's a perfectly good parking spot in front of his driveway to use . 
  how much did you spend ? 
  what game ? 
  i think cricket is dying out among gen y. rugby 's pretty strong and i think league is rising , but i hardly ever hear anyone under 30 mention cricket . 
  i get what you 're saying , it 's large-scale renewable energy . 
  it would be nice to be a world leader in it . 
  maybe the us and china will adopt it on a larger scale and stop polluting the rest of the world . 
  unfortunately we have absolutely no need for it . 
  inb4 nuclear is n't renewable . 
  read up on breeder reactors .
