  i do n't like america that much either , but i like them more than england . 
  first and foremost , egalitarianism . 
  rational thinking . 
  doing what makes sense instead of doing shit because it 's always been done . 
  the american dream is very appealing to me . 
  the idea that everybody ( regardless of background ) can do whatever they want in the pursuit of happiness . 
  i like the idea that strong nations should intervene to stop corrupt governments from forcing injustices on their citizens , and set up a stable democracy so those people can pursue happiness as they see fit . 
  i know it 's completely untrue , but it 's a nice thought . 
  what actually ends up happening is instead of everybody being allowed the freedom to pursue happiness , nobody gets a hand-up so if you 're born into poverty or wealth you probably stay there forever . 
  and the bit about intervening and being the world police is pretty hit-and-miss . 
  and their version of democracy is a sham . 
  and their education sucks . 
  so america kinda sucks in practice , but on paper it 's pretty damn cool . 
  which is more important when we 're making decisions as a country ? 
  ` we should do this because it 's the fair thing to do ' or ` we should do this because we were poms 200 years ago ' ? 
  well , you should go back and read the second paragraph . 
  i 'm not avoiding the topic of national identity at all , and i 'm not claiming that i 'm not being idealistic either . 
  let me put it in one place for you :, 
  ideally , our national identity should be based on making fair decisions . 
  we should not let our history as former british colonialists colour our view of ourselves , and we should attempt to distance ourselves from it . 
  that 's not to say we should deny it ever happened , but we should make it clear that we are n't our ancestors . 
  doing what is right should be what the world knows us for , and it should be what we know ourselves for . 
  whether or not some old bint in england approves should n't make any difference to what we do , and the world should n't see a connection . 
  i do n't see how our decision making is any different from our national identity . 
  others judge us by our actions . 
  i admit i did oversimplify that point . 
  i was trying to get a simple viewpoint across without a paragraph . 
  this is all shades of grey , the world is n't so black and white . 
  right now , the only reason to become a republic is idealism . 
  we have n't figured out a cost-effective way to ditch the crown , and we do n't have a good replacement for it at the moment . 
  but i 'm not saying we should become a republic today . 
  it can wait . 
  and it should happen . 
  if you 're discussing gun control , you should discuss them correctly . 
  it 's fair that everybody should have a say on gun control , but everybody should understand the issue . 
  i agree - bitching about the use of ` high powered ' is semantics . 
  but using these terms incorrectly makes people who do n't know what ` high powered ' means think that they 're correct . 
  it 's spreading false information . 
  nah , all of that cannabis money is already tied up in the ubi, 
  yeah , the rest of reddit is filled with americans . 
  their views on gun control are crazy - the whole firearm situation over there is fucked . 
  no , two of them are in australia . 
  hone heke day , where we go and cut down the local flagpoles, 
  we should . 
  appearances are important . 
   sports where britain does n't compete, 
  you mean all sports ? 
  that 's where the bit i said earlier ( and later ) about making the change when it 's practical comes in . 
  again , we should make the change when it 's practical . 
  how do people spell like this ? 
  that 's fucking terrible . 
  you 're making yourself look like an idiot . 
  as long as it is possible to get pickled food items other than gherkins , i refuse to call gherkins pickles . 
  the hardest bit is actually getting a place from them . 
  the bastards always expect somebody with full time employment to be available with 5 mins notice at 3pm . 
  does this count ? 
  random lams question re the restricted license test : i have my test on tuesday , and i also have a yoshi on my ninja . 
  will the testing agent care ? 
  the previous owner installed it , i do n't much care for it . 
  i highly doubt a ` hi flo ' exhaust ( muffler only ) would increase the power of a na carby engine . 
  it 's just slightly louder . 
  jesus , am i the only one that buries my turds ? 
  what 's the definition of freedom camping , anyway ? 
  when i get a couple of weeks off i like to head up to northland . 
  that 's at least two days ride for me . 
  sometimes that means stopping in a quiet spot , putting up my little shelter and grabbing a night 's rest . 
  if i need to shit , i find a toilet or dig a hole . 
  if i make rubbish , it goes in a bin or comes with me . 
  this activity seems like the most natural thing in the world . 
  i 'd hate to see it go . 
  am i really bothering anyone ? 
  i 'm potentially wrong , but teslas look way too fun to get any backing from the greens . 
  i believe the battery is about the size of the floor plate , and not made to be swapped easily . 
  i get what you 're saying , i 'm the same . 
  but the tesla is n't an auto , it 's a no - transmission . 
  the electric motors only have one moving part , so unlike a petrol engine they do n't give a fuck how day fast they 're rotating . 
  this means torque whenever you want it . 
  awesome . 
  just ordered a big diesel generator so i can charge on the move !, 
  the crown should n't have a damn limousine . 
  politicians are here to represent , not rule !, 
  what about my wanksta nfs underground style underglows ? 
  anyone know if there 's any info about what is actually in it ? 
  pretty sure ecstasy was mostly meth and chalk about three years ago . 
  so is mdma , is n't it ? 
  a garden trowel usually does the trick for me . 
  nah , it 's too much damn admin to bother booking a campground . 
  campgrounds are more of a family thing anyway . 
  when i 'm one dude ( or 1 +1 ) on a mish it seems a bit much to rent 4x5m of grass to put out a bivvy bag , taking a space away from someone who actually needs it . 
  taking the selfish angle , i 'd be paying to have to hang out in some shitty canvas suburb , and losing flexibility because of the check-in times . 
  no , but they might sell you 25-i as mdma . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was more of a stimulant . 
  and being available on a piece of cardboard does n't preclude dropping it on a stamped bit of chalk instead . 
  i 'm gon na keep freedom camping . 
  edit : reread your last paragraph . 
  that 's pretty much what i do . 
  not arguing , just surprised . 
  i stopped taking drugs around the time all of the 2ci , 2cp etc research chemicals really started appearing in any major numbers . 
  they were always sold as e in christchurch .
