  we do n't know how much was applied , but we do know that the person making the allegations is probably a biased source . 
  transgender rights definitely fits into the issue here at some point , but jetstar does n't deserve any of the blame based on what we know . 
  the 10mm pistol looks like a mauser with downes syndrome . 
  that 's some fallout 3 quality facial animation, 
  there 's a really , really funny sexist joke to be made in there , but i ca n't think of it and i 'd get showered in down votes if i did . 
  the lady she 's fighting is much better looking, 
  seconded, 
  he 's taking the catalytic converter too, 
  i was in ( different nation ) for a few years . 
  from day one i wanted it to be a lifetime career , so i picked a trade ( mos ) that would pay off in the long run ( i thought ) . 
  turns out ` long run ' meant 10 years of slow pay progression , 3 years of actual leadership , then out to snco pasture . 
  i did my three years and buggered off to university . 
  so my lesson is : if you want something from the military , make sure it 's something you 'll get in the first few years . 
  you have more faith in the government than i do . 
  or the glib ` do n't worry about it ' attitude windows ten has . 
  ` we 're setting things up for you ' . 
  you 're being down voted , but you 're not alone . 
  i do n't like the junk food names either . 
  however , it 's a good system that works well . 
  yeah , the rest of us mostly suck too . 
  he 's lying . 
  assuming you 're in the us , a judge ca n't do that and the military ca n't accept soldiers for that reason . 
  this will probably get bernied but : sanders, 
  fuck you, 
  what do you think about p north ? 
  fuck you, 
  fuck the neighbours . 
  shoot the dog . 
  why does the navy have such high attrition ? 
  looks like you ca n't sail the seven seas after all . 
  i like the roast idea . 
  i 'll have to give it a crack . 
  just out of interest , what kind of industry is there for technical workers ? 
  so they can find better civilian jobs ? 
  at least there 's still a place you can go . 
  semi-related , what 's the kaupapa on using a firearms license to buy alcohol from a supermarket ? 
  i get mixed results . 
  currently on a temporary driver 's license as i 've gained a class . 
  you do n't cook grenades in real life . 
  that 's call of duty bullshit . 
  you use a hard throw that 's intended to bounce if throwing into an appropriate area . 
  in this situation you would just throw several grenades . 
  which is worth more ? 
  your life or a spare grenade ? 
  the main purpose of an extended trench is mobility under fire . 
  they were dug in a zigzag pattern with dugouts to reduce artillery casualties . 
  an earth anchor, 
  my intake too . 
  about 50 % gone in three years . 
  of the crewmen i joined up with , 80 % gone . 
  minimal attrition among the gunners and sigs though . 
  i 've talked to some of the pers who 've left . 
  many of the crewmen leave to get an education or a trade . 
  certainly in that trade , slow career progression is a factor . 
  80 % of the people who went into the same trade as me on my intake have left within three years . 
  slow career progression is to blame in this case . 
  basically useless ? 
  why ? 
  i 'd argue they 're excellent vehicles . 
  highly useful overseas . 
  however , the way we use them seems a little fucked up . 
  the lavs are n't australian castoffs . 
  they use the lav-25 , we use the lav3 . 
  we bought them new . 
  it 's more advanced , and quite a bit better . 
  the big advantage is they 're suitable for a wide range of conditions and are easy to maintain ( as armoured vehicles go ) . 
  they 're fine for nz , but if we 're using them in anger on our own soil we 're already fucked anyway . 
  they 're for protecting our interests overseas . 
   small icbm, 
  for cherry bomb sized warheads, 
  awesome !, 
  good to see nz doing something besides food , wood and tourism . 
  nah , they are n't useful in nz . 
  but if the army 's doing anything in anger in our own borders we 're fucked anyway . 
  that 's just one of the limitations of having only 5 million people and not being a military state . 
  the lav is very useful overseas , and we can actually afford maintenance on them . 
  they 'd be more useful if qamr stopped hogging them and treating them like a super-complicated bit of kit . 
  grunts should be driving them . 
  engineers should have bladewagons alongside their hemis . 
  hell , since we have so many we could even use them as gun tractors and still have enough left over that we can take completely new ones overseas . 
  yeah , you know it . 
  check out my reply to the other dude . 
  yeah , fuck that guy for making good decisions . 
  work hard , not smart . 
  get it into the required shape . 
  then paint with epoxy . 
  me too, 
  crack is used here in nz as well . 
  crackhead more so . 
  the implication is you should n't let 15kg children play with a 30kg carnivore . 
  it 's like the 100 duck-sized horses or one horse-sized duck scenario . 
  yeah , as kiwis we are n't skeptical enough . 
  we allow scams like that to exist because we 're gullible . 
  it 's bad for environmentalism in general . 
  some dreadlocked fool trying to take my money and give me pamphlets about saving the whale does n't paint a picture of a rational position . 
  anybody else do the trick where if you 're going somewhere on the way or nearby a pizza place , you get delivery and give the driver some cash for dropping you off ? 
  they 're usually not meant to , but those poor bastards are often owner drivers and ca n't really afford to maintain a car so they 'll usually do it anyway . 
  yeah , it 's been what ? 
  10,000 days ? 
  the battery is in the car .
