  nope , but somebody he represented did . 
  it 's still special treatment that the student is receiving for being maori , just like rich kids getting handouts from their parents is special treatment . 
  but you 're right , if they 're iwi-provided then it 's none of the general population 's business . 
  yeah i suppose they do n't really qualify as rights . 
  somebody else asked for what kind of special treatment and i got my threads crossed . 
  purposefully , or intentionally ( i assume that 's what you wanted from the ( ? ) ), 
  what is moral self esteem ? 
  he 's given you a pretty good summing up of the positives , here 's some of the negatives . 
  these are n't necessarily navy specific . 
  pointless bullshit . 
  there will be times when you 're under pressure to get a job done , but have to go do something unproductive for no good reason ( e.g. 
  do some drill , receive training on something you know how to do , be reminded not to kill yourself . ), 
  tick the box mentality . 
  there will be times when you have to do a job the checklist way , not the way that 's applicable to the situation . 
  sometimes you will go the extra mile for no reason other than because some fuckwit in an office thought it was necessary , sometimes your command/comrades will stop a task because it 's ` complete ' but you could do more now to save work later . 
  stupid co-workers . 
  the military takes people from all works of life . 
  you will work with geniuses , and you will work with window lickers . 
  obviously this is trade specific . 
  technical trades remove some of these people . 
  fuck-around factor . 
  the military is of the opinion that time is free because all of their employees are salaried and can be charged with mutiny if they unionise . 
  prepare to have your time wasted to cover somebody 's arse . 
  this is worse the lower down the chain you are . 
  i suspect officers wo n't have to deal with too much of that . 
  this makes me sound jaded as fuck . 
  it 's not all doom and gloom . 
  i wish i 'd known these points going in . 
  they would n't have stopped me though . 
  the good points outweigh the bad in most situations . 
  heaps of personal development to be had . 
  see above for those . 
  i just thought i 'd paint the other side of the picture . 
  best of luck to ya . 
  aw , get out of it with your hyperbole . 
  i 'm not saying he has to talk about it , but if he wants to then he 's worth listening to . 
  still do n't know how correct that is - in my experience girls are just less likely to get caught doing wrong things and more likely to have plausible deniability . 
  we want you as a new recruit !, 
  i love preludes !, 
  used to have one . 
  h22 all the way !, 
  such a pity about being front wheel drive though, 
  wow , really ? 
  what a bunch of dicks, 
  unlike the division , heroin is fun . 
  rental ? 
  tape it to the carpet and throw a rug on top ? 
  same password for everything plus site name spelled backwards . 
  not what i actually use , but similar . 
  bc and cd should break down into x and y components , with the y summing to the weight force of the mass . 
  given the y components and the angles , you should be able to work out x components and go from there . 
  shit answer cause i 'm a first year myself and it 's almost midnight and i 'm sick of study for today . 
  it could be all perception . 
  if you 're quiet and no-nonsense , he probably just does n't feel like joking around when talking to you . 
  that might make him look tired . 
  do n't make it personal unless it 's definitely personal . 
  engineering without a matlab license carries a penalty of no less than n ^ n +1 years incarceration . 
  you 're going away for a long time , buddy . 
  that catharsis though . 
  is there a black power reddit account ? 
  the spine end is so much heavier than the other end , and it 's all floppy . 
  iirc if you inform the company that you dispute the legality of that charge then they have to get a court order to collect it . 
  where do you get one of those ? 
  how ? 
  1 day, 
  it 's stupid . 
  it 's there because militaries only change things when somebody dies , and nobody ever died doing drill . 
  different situation . 
  ukraine would n't destroy russia given the choice . 
  if you do n't like people noise , why are you living in the city ? 
  wellingtonians are all softcocks . 
  in israel both sides are clear aggressors . 
  in ukraine only russia is an aggressor . 
  apples and oranges . 
  yeah , this place has been pretty bitter lately . 
  you 're 22 . 
  not having a driver 's license is setting yourself up to fail . 
  might have better luck with a massey student . 
  the box makes it look like there 's a landmine inside . 
  but no , it 's a mildly offensive image . 
  being accommodating is all well and good , but it goes both ways . 
  if you have so little self control that seeing an image like that will ruin your whole day , you should harden up . 
  there 's a boat people joke in here somewhere . 
  shuddup guys . 
  i liked it . 
  i 'm also referring to the way palestinian suicide bombers attack civilians in israel . 
  neither side is in the right . 
  but if all of israel 's neighbours decided to stop fighting , there would be peace . 
  if israel stopped fighting , they would be destroyed . 
  i do n't believe that . 
  no , i 'm from the rest of the country . 
  the part which does n't really have public transport in any meaningful capacity at all . 
  everyone bitches about auckland 's public transport . 
  sure , it 's worse than wellington and about the same as christchurch , but it 's still better than everywhere else . 
  thanks mate , that 's exactly what i 'm after . 
  do you think that 's a connection early maori were able to make ? 
  and two hundred and fourteen would have been a little excessive , do n't you think ? 
  ah , a crime article . 
  how quickly can we make this about legalising marijuana ? 
  i do n't really know , but if somebody told me that i 'd believe it,
