  to the rest of us , american high school is full of tropes that are just as weird as anime . 
  i use cheers in emails , but only if i 'm asking for something . 
  it 's pretty normal down here in the antipodes . 
   kids back in my day went to war, 
  that 's an overseas issue . 
  it 's a bit annoying to see it applied in new zealand , because the last generation where a significant number of kids went to war is nearly all dead . 
  the current crop of ` back-in-my-dayers ' lived in the vietnam war era . 
  we only sent a few thousand troops , and they were all volunteers . 
  only 37 died . 
  i 'm not downplaying what those troops experienced or achieved , but the numbers just are n't there to allow an entire generation of kiwis to claim vietnam as some kind of toughening rite-of-passage . 
  maybe things really were tougher ` back in the day ' , but very few kiwis who are alive today can claim it was because of war . 
  propacovfefe, 
  anyone want to tell me where to find some of this scorching sunshine ? 
  pickled and frozen !, 
   arrived in the rescue helicopter, 
  international rescue maybe, 
  it obviously was at one point , though . 
  there 's glue footprints on the roof , and i see isuzus driving around with stock roof racks all the time . 
  i disagree . 
  that 's how they come from the factory . 
  obviously , there 's some glue out there that 's fit for purpose , otherwise there would be 20-odd years worth of dead people from flying 1994 isuzu roof racks . 
  i 'm not going to argue about it with you though . 
  yeah , i was surprised not to find any bolt holes or clips or anything , but there 's just four glue prints . 
  right . 
  where are the bolt holes ? 
  cool . 
  i still have glue patches on my roof though . 
  i 'll design my roof racks to clamp onto the channels and then use some glue to reinforce the join . 
  thanks . 
  and even if they did , with decades of misinformation about drugs nobody would believe them . 
  i 've got another ... the note was distributed by a half-arsed pi . 
  he 's trying to goad the husband into confessing because he ca n't find proof . 
  roiland looks like the kind of guy who would willingly drink expired milk . 
  the way i see it , a heat pump is exploiting the inside/outside temperature difference to produce heat , instead of just producing it directly . 
  maybe if you 'd put a lid on the bath ... 
  i 'm a kiwi interested in working in canada . 
  what are the differences between the employment processes ? 
  i wonder if it 's useful giving each man - on - woman and woman-on - man sex crimes a different name for statistics purposes ? 
  ` alright trev , go set up a stall by the local supermarket and badger any of them mowris you see . 
  they just are n't voting ! ', 
  i 'm ron burgundy ? 
  i would bet the proportion of millenials who can be reached by land line is n't representative of all millenials . 
  but i 'd also bet you can apply further statistics finagling to correct this . 
  just slap a bigger margin for error on it and call it done . 
  holy fuck , everybody hates gareth morgan , but at least he 's not rolling over . 
  you seem like an educated bloke ... why ca n't i dispose of broken glass with the rest of my glass recycling ? 
  there 's no way the system ca n't handle broken glass - expecting every bottle to arrive at the facility intact would be madness . 
  thanks, 
  i would have thought that all the glass was taken to one place , rinsed in a machine , and then machine-sorted and crushed . 
  automatically sorting glass by colour does n't sound like much of a technical challenge . 
  ` if we filled it up , how would the slugs get in ? ', 
  the crowd is laughing at him . 
  if you eat that much of just one item , you 'll do weird shits . 
  do n't try it with peanuts : /, 
  an american wants to make a british phrase simpler ? 
  no way !, 
  jacinda bitwise shift right by sanders places . 
  they bring infantry here , too . 
  i think they occasionally bring artillery , but i 'm not sure . 
  nz really needs some kind of multi role fighter type thing . 
  we have fuck all ability to project force over the huge area of ocean we 're responsible for . 
  they could always copy north korea and fire at their neighbours from time to time . 
  hey mate , here 's my tomato paste wash . 
  i use it to make copious amounts of gin . 
  it 's optimised for alcohol per dollar . 
  1/2 jar edmonds ' general purpose active yeast ,, 
  1x 170g tin of tomato paste , usually budget/homebrand/pams etc. 
  1 pinch citric acid, 
  top up to 25 l before adding yeast . 
  ideally , temperature will be about 28 degrees at this time , but it 'll still work if it 's above 18 . 
  distill after 25 days for an acceptable quality batch . 
  decant off the best stuff , discard the residue , and wait another two weeks before decanting into the still for a primo batch . 
  flavour after distilling . 
  i use a reflux still , and distill once only . 
  produces 5.5-6 .5 litres of spirits . 
  anyone got a cost-per-kilo for weed ? 
  pretty sure it would n't cost much more than 300 to produce a kilo of actual pot . 
  what do australians think about this ? 
  would you rather have nz as a state or not , or do n't you care ? 
  you made jeremy 's hospitalisation sound way more bad arse than it is ... pneumonia is for children and old people . 
  of course wind farms make it more windy !, 
  beef farms make more beef !, 
  what constitution ? 
  what courses is massey lacking ? 
  so it 's just a lack of majors ? 
  they look like full courses to me . 
  is it a lack of electives you 're referring to ? 
  can you be more specific ? 
  lucky bugger . 
  i once saw a sapper put diesel on his face to try and get a no shave chit . 
  who gives a fuck if it encourages bad language in children ? 
  here 's an interesting technical challenge : launch a rocket ( easy enough ) . 
  now , crash it into something thousands of miles away , without using gps to guide the rocket ( less easy ) . 
  i guess they could just stick a dude in each rocket . 
  yeah , that 's what i said . 
  cool . 
  til . 
  trigonometry by itself works fine for short distances and in physics-land , but you ca n't guide a missile thousands of km using only information provided when it launches . 
  old mate says they usually navigate by the stars anyway . 
  looks like we 're both wrong ,
