  what role do you foresee the nzdf playing in a labour - led government ? 
  we 're halfway through your hour and you 've answered four questions . 
  as prime minister , will you make work faster or slower ? 
  thanks a lot mate !, 
  completely flailing in the dark here , but ... 
  would it be achievable for the government to build student dorms ? 
  they would be free , provided you pass your courses , and access would be prioritised by course , individual situation etc. 
  e : anyone else want to chime in ? 
  yeah , but they 're a government . 
  they do n't have to make a profit for every move they make . 
  would it be a major loss , or would we eventually make it back in increased revenue and decreased social costs due to smarter residents with more opportunities ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  why do you not expect him to make the cut ? 
  thanks for the response, 
  to be fair , he fired off like ten answers in the few minutes it took me to write that . 
  e : i suppose that means he 's working faster than me . 
  is labour first interested in subsidising or establishing a biodegradable packaging industry ? 
  when i was a developing brain i brewed my own alcohol for me and all my friends . 
  really ? 
  but a bit goes in a horses mouth . 
  i 'll stick with chomping . 
  it 's all water under the fridge anyway . 
  in my opinion , it is not sustainable to study full-time in auckland or wellington . 
  you might be able to do it if you 're on one of those full-time courses that 's not really full-time , but unless you 're extremely talented in your field , you wo n't do well on a difficult course . 
  if you can avoid wellington , do it . 
  i 'm prepared to be showered with downvotes because this subreddit is filled with arts students who love the cafe culture and ` arty city ' , but you 're actually priced out of it unless you want to sacrifice your health . 
  if you get the opportunity , look at the build of the male students at the various universities . 
  wellingtonian students are usually really , really skinny . 
  because python would be more useful . 
  you could make a strong argument that teaching maori children python instead of te reo would do more to preserve maori culture , because it would be giving them access to a skill that may help break the cycle of poverty . 
  disclaimer : i do n't actually believe the above , do n't take it too seriously . 
  they 're the no-fun-allowed squad . 
  they almost never do anything that actually helps the people they 're policing . 
  people who live in glass houses should n't get stoned , m80, 
   threatens complaints, 
  what about your penis ? 
  ` and his last name 's speeder too , what a dick ', 
  ba sing se better watch out, 
  ' i always get hungry when i 'm stoned officer ', 
  i think it 's also a lack of cheap social fun activities that do n't involve drinking . 
  no , on your motorcycle learners licence you can buy any motorbike on the lams list , which includes all 250s and below ( except for a few unique ones ) and a few bikes up to 660 . 
  edit : class 1l is not a motorbike learners . 
  disregard my answer . 
  do you have any ideas ? 
  i do n't . 
  all my hobbies are either less fun than drinking ( or made more fun by drinking concurrently ) , or are more fun than drinking ( but cost a lot more ) . 
  see any deer sign around ? 
  heading down there in a few weeks . 
  electricity would require a generator or installing lines . 
  wood would require either felling nearby trees ( or hoping for enough deadfall ) , constructing a 4wd track , or helicoptering it in . 
  coal also has to be helicoptered in , but has a higher energy density than wood ( provides more heat per kg ) , so you need to fly it in less often . 
  but yeah , it it is odd . 
  under the grouse administration , trampers would just have to bring more jerseys . 
  can anybody decipher what the guy in the background is yelling ? 
  missed most of it . 
  let 's rename it invercargill day , and just have it there each year . 
  ` buy a different device ' is n't the answer i was looking for . 
  maybe i 'd be able to go to europe and find out if i did n't keep spending my money on piss . 
  or we do n't recognise it . 
  it actually makes me a little mad to see my fellow countrymen so damn fat . 
  eating yourself to death is what fucking goldfish do !, 
  my nose is blistering . 
  i ca n't go outside . 
  this is terrible . 
   as you move south, 
  or north !, 
  i already tried there . 
  go have a look at the comments . 
  hilariously bad results . 
  i 'll go have a crack anyway i suppose . 
  whangarei is the only one i really know about . 
  it 's quite nice , but the locals in their early 20s seem disproportionately poor compared to the rest of the country . 
  based on the little i know about the other 3 , i 'd rate tauranga as the best , whangarei and new plymouth tied for second , and rotorua as worst . 
  i found that everyone in whangas of 18-28 years old is pretty near the poverty line ( or below ) , and does n't really have any prospects for improving their lot in life . 
  the only exceptions are farmer 's kids . 
  does that ring true for you ? 
  my 20-something friends in whangarei : unemployed , electrician on just under 20 an hour , concreting apprentice on minimum , plant op on just over minimum , supermarket worker , cafe worker . 
  the only ones who are anything like well-off are farm workers or share milkers who are n't really doing that well , but will one day inherit a family farm . 
  most of them have a pre-2000s car , some of them are in questionable condition . 
  they all grew up there . 
  my friends who grew up there ( apart from the farmers ) have drug problems and are single mums or dads saddled with child support and court cases , or left town in their late teens . 
  just had a crack at my local centerfire range the other day . 
  i was pretty happy with my dinner plate sized groups at 300 , until the club members shot watch face sized groups . 
  anecdotal, 
  probably a good thing , but that 's the mechanism they used to ban herbal highs . 
  it 's good they 're off the street , but it had nothing to do with the quake . 
  dic usually comes with a fixed - term disqualification , so it would n't usually be covered under the above criteria . 
  maybe ask your local dominatrix, 
  got a source on ` increasing your chances of death exponentially ' ? 
  that sounds exaggerated to me . 
  besides , an exponential increase on a small chance might still be small . 
  that still does n't look relevant . 
  source 1 discusses the difference between a collision at 30km/h and 80km/h . 
  30km/h is not a valid comparison point when discussing highway speeds . 
  you might as well compare it to a stationary object . 
  the figures you cited are to do with velocity difference between the car and whatever it collides with . 
  in the case of colliding with a stationary object ( delta v = v car ) , there 's only a ~ 5 % difference in chance of fatal injury at 100km/h vs 130 km/h . 
  that 's not an exponential increase . 
  in fact , those graphs looks more logarithmic to me . 
  i 'm on reddit , leave me alone !,
