  you do n't happen to work at red baron , do ya ? 
  well , you both quoted me the same thing so you must both be experts . 
  maybe try apply . 
  i 'm gon na try offer $ 3700 and see what he says . 
  an nz soldier makes 4000 a month once they 're qualified in something useful . 
  field pay if you 're sleeping outside of about 20 bucks a day . 
  more if you 're overseas or on a boat . 
  free healthcare ( not just insurance , they actually pay for any and all injuries while working ) . 
  socialised healthcare takes care of you as a civilian . 
  mess food is very good quality at the major camps . 
  it 's about $ 5nzd a meal . 
  for the quality of meal , you ca n't really beat that even if you make it yourself . 
  accommodation is market rate , but that 's not very much because the main camps are far enough from the cities that market rate is low asf . 
  utilities free , and you can move out at your discretion ( usually within 2 years for tooth arms , or less if you 're squared or pog ) . 
  opportunity for education while serving too . 
  you get one free university paper per semester if you can take it by correspondence , more if it helps the army in some way . 
  the australians take home even more . 
  pruning saw or chain saw ? 
  holy shit , it 's a mag 58 . 
  did n't even recognize it with that dongle on the front, 
  looks like there 's a bracket that jams up between the lining and shell of the helmet . 
  let us know how it goes , i 'm having a similar issue . 
  and if you 're me , you talk to yourself while riding anyway . 
  what 's the difference between an ied manufacturing operation and a syrian orphanage ? 
  do n't ask me , i just fly the drone !, 
  agree . 
  farenhiet is shit . 
  we do n't have the means to forecast the temp to the nearest degree c at any given location anyway . 
  degrees f is unnecessarily precise for weather , and not relative to anything useful . 
  i 'm of the opinion that centimeters should be banned . 
  millimetres or metres only . 
  plus i do n't want to fuck something i 'm not attracted to if she wants me to be monogamous . 
  telling fat people they 're attractive encourages obesity . 
  so if you 're some where with socialised health care , you 're causing societal harm . 
  that 's because obesity was n't a widespread problem until the 1900s . 
  no , it 's why us humans have selectively bred ourselves taller ( over 1000s of years ) but not thinner ( over a few decades ) . 
  it 's a kitset still that i 've modified with an arduino and some printer parts . 
  the still is normally operated by having the user make precise adjustments to the coolant flow rate to hold a target temperature . 
  i 've automated that process . 
  it 's finished in that it 's now functional . 
  it will be tidied up a lot though . 
  holy shit , i know . 
  look at the quality of replies you 're getting too . 
  it 's proof that these mass shootings are at least partly a cultural issue . 
  details to follow . 
  the ` parts list ' consists of what i had lying around . 
  needle valve - already part of the still . 
  wood offcuts . 
  arduino uno with lm35 temp sensor , 5v stepper motor , motor controller chip ( came with arduino ) , 16x2 lcd display . 
  2x usb wall chargers - one to power the arduino , one to power the stepper motor, 
  i 'm not going to do a writeup on how to build it because my method involved a fuck load of trial and error . 
  i 'll be making another post when i 've tidied it up a bit . 
  i 'll post a writeup in a few mins . 
  normally a t500 is operated by making precise adjustments to that needle valve . 
  i jammed a bit of hose over it and connected it to a ` transmission ' that i made out of printer parts and an electric razor . 
  this assembly is driven by a stepper motor . 
  i was surprised to see that the printer and the razor used compatible gears . 
  the machine works by taking temperature readings of the outgoing coolant ( using an lm35 ) and sending them to an arduino . 
  the arduino is aware of the target temperature , and advances or reverses the stepper motor to maintain it . 
  i also considered making a peristaltic pump and using a speed controller with that , but i already had the parts to go down this route . 
  i wo n't upload code yet because i 'm not quite happy with it . 
  the machine is ` finished ' in that it 's functional , but it needs tidying up . 
  i 'll be making another post then . 
  nah it 's pretty easy . 
  if you can distill alcohol you can do this . 
  you just have to play around for a bit . 
  this took two weeks of trial and error . 
  the crimson chin !, 
  both are heat resistant and food grade . 
  i 've heard that before , but i talked to a food technologist and he said it was fine . 
  cheers for the advice . 
  that 's how i used to do it . 
  but i use the exact same method every time . 
  i 'm pretty good at judging where the hearts starts and ends . 
  the heads goes into a measuring cylinder . 
  the food technologist is an expert in this stuff , he told me it 's fine . 
  i agree . 
  the thing that surprised me the most about africa is how much of the poverty looked to be self-inflicted . 
  we camped in very rural tanzania with a cattle-raising tribe . 
  they gravity fed water from a river about a km away and used it to water the ground so grass would grow . 
  but instead of watering the ground to create grass for their cattle , they were watering an area for white people to pitch their tents . 
  that , and algebra is necessary for anything more complicated than a shopping list . 
  ` rocked ' is a pretty strong choice of words . 
  could do , if i wanted to get into bed with the people that make the t500 . 
  but the t500 is way overpriced . 
  i 'd rather make an entire unit from scratch . 
  it costs 700nzd for a t500 assembly with all the extra bits . 
  pretty sure i could put together an automated one for under 500 bucks . 
  throw in a 100g of tomato paste and see what happens . 
  worms for me . 
  hahaha have n't thought seriously about commercializing but i would like to supplement my student allowance . 
  you just might ... 
  if i were to make an autostill from scratch , i would put temp sensors in the column , coolant flow and heating vessel to feed the controller some real data , and mess around with variations of the above . 
  then i could send the product off to an expert to determine exactly what 's in it , and alter my program to make a saleable product . 
  in this case , the temp sensor is on the coolant stream because i 'm on an engineering student budget , and this is n't for uni . 
  this is just for shits and giggles . 
  i did n't want to make a hole in my expensive t500 column , because the plan is to sell it when i build my own . 
  if i were to make a saleable product i 'd sell it online and undercut the t500 , because the price on these things is ridiculous . 
  i bet your automated still is better . 
  that 's not what it 's for .
