  we do away with your old - country hangups ? 
  except america , they just traded them for new hangups, 
  make it all lower case , so we know it 's new and classy . 
  car + tent, 
  that would be nice . 
  ca n't clean the mould off my ceiling cause the paint comes off . 
  now my bed base is mouldy . 
  lavs are awesome for the modern counterinsurgency operations that western militaries like to do . 
  however , we only get a return on investment if we actually use them , instead of driving them to waiouru and back . 
  we actually have just over 100 . 
  and we probably need about 50 . 
  rule of thumb : militaries need twice the amount of most complex equipment than you 'd think , so they can train and sustain a deployment simultaneously . 
  lavs do n't need to be transported by plane . 
  they can cross long distances easily ( i. e. without ripping roads up like tracked vehicles do ) , and we can fit the ideal amount of them on the hmnzs canterbury . 
  and they 're what we need to deploy soldiers somewhere where they may be shot ( and if there 's no chance of being shot , there 's no need for soldiers ) . 
  they are n't tanks . 
  they 're ifvs . 
  my university is just alright . 
  des in first year eng . 
  why the hell would a school abandon the science program ? 
  there 's almost no point in going to school without it . 
  i do n't know if it is * really * as hard as people make out . 
  i mean , i 'm not saying it 's easy , but i get the feeling it would attract touchy-feely , do n't - handle-stress-well people , and get a higher attrition/complaint rate than it really deserves . 
  uni does n't prepare you for the real world either . 
  well , numbers are organized by importance , and zero comes before one , so it must be the most important / s, 
  students partly forget 2 * pi * r because it 's given a week before pi * r ^ 2 . 
  so you 're trying to rote memorize two different strings of pis , 2s and rs and what they mean . 
  minimize human error . 
  i did it about ten years ago , but pe was ` rules to popular sports , but non-contact because liability ' , and health was ` taha wairoa , whatever the fuck that means ' . 
  they were probably looking for a way to apply the formulas they 'd been taught instead of approaching the problem with the intent to solve it . 
  this kind of thinking was pretty prevalent when i did ncea , and was always tripping me up . 
  i 'd find the easiest way to do a problem and smash it , and then a week later we 'd do something that built on the method i did n't learn . 
  prime example of this was not learning trigonometry because i could solve all of the problems they gave me with a scale diagram and a ruler . 
  the kids who did well were the ones who did n't look for ` loopholes ' and followed instructions . 
  i do n't think there 's any particularly easy aspect of it - definitely do n't think it 's easy , i just think that as a profession it might attract people for the wrong reasons - e.g. 
  people who got a ba and ca n't find a job , and people who like kids . 
  these might people get there , and find it is n't all they hoped , and complain until they leave . 
  having a high attrition rate might make it seem worse than it is . 
  aw yeah , for sure . 
  i 'm really nitpicking about one complaint that i hear quite often , and have always been skeptical about . 
  do n't know about primary , but high school science teachers should be payed more . 
  the only good science teacher i ever had was a former aerospace engineer who was already loaded and was teaching out of some sense of altruism . 
  in general , smart people with a good scientific background can lead a much more rewarding life by doing something other than teaching , so high school science teachers tend to suck . 
  and your high school science education is important as fuck !, 
  unless you want to use your gps out of cellphone coverage, 
  thanks for the response mate . 
  did you see any deer sign around while you were up there ? 
  awesome !, 
  hopefully i can get a free weekend soon ... 
  nice !, 
  looks like good spots for glassing out there . 
  heaps greener than the tararuas . 
  that 's where i 'd be going if it was n't full of 1080 at the mo. 
  i 'm mechatronics , nobody outside of uni knows what i 'm talking about . 
  so i say rocket surgery , or robot science . 
  you put the ball in when it 's time to ` set ' the trap, 
  here in nz we have ` yeah nah ' . 
  we also overuse ` might ' to the point where it could mean either might or definitely . 
  ' i might have another beer ' while in the process of opening another beer . 
  he did n't survive a gas chamber , he avoided a gas chamber . 
  ignorance is bliss / s, 
  hot raro in the evening , black coffee in the morning is my jam . 
  or jaffa juice - hot orange raro + milo . 
  hey , look , it 's down-syndrome aunders holmvick, 
  how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman ? 
  none, 
  is there actual meat in those ? 
  might get some anyway , and throw some beef jerky in there . 
  do n't the geneva conventions only apply to conflicts between uniformed armed forces ? 
  i do n't think they 're applicable to counterinsurgency . 
  nah fuck ignore that guy . 
  if you ca n't pick it up after a year off , you should n't go to uni at all . 
  i 'm two years into my degree in my mid 20s . 
  looking at the 19 year olds around me , there 's no such thing as ` high school momentum ' . 
  the ones who cane straight from high school are the lowest achievers , and the ones who are on their second career are smashing it . 
  but you can also make your own for about 4 dollars per litre !, 
  is salvia still legal ? 
  following on , why does it still exist ? 
  i was under the impression that since it 's illegal now , people were just smoking real weed . 
  did he do anything ? 
  he could be buying bit coin because he knows his parents snoop through his stuff , and he 'd like to keep his savings private . 
  nah it does n't work that way . 
  cmon ya sad sack . 
  if there was ever any place for a war dance , it 's here . 
  thunderflash = big double happy type thing . 
  finally , animated eyelids . 
  just what every webcomic needs . 
  that 's a lot of self justification to avoid admitting a pretend dude is wrong . 
  hey , minitab looks awesome . 
  my course is taught in r. is there any reason why you 'd ever want r over minitab ? 
  they 're all free for me . 
  home built , similar to prusa i3 . 
  takes 1.75 mm . 
  has heated bed . 
  does pla very well , can probably do abs , but have n't tried it . 
  am i blind , or is there no actual deal on that page ? 
  i see a description of what pla is , and a button that says ` add to cart ' but no indication of what i 'm actually buying or how much . 
  if most teachers are shitty , that means english is n't providing critical thinking skills ( etc. ) . 
  english beyond year 11 was an arts course when i was at school . 
  i took the point of view that the merchant of venice was a racist play that was a comedy because at the time , bad things happening to jews was considered funny .
