  no , but i hope you considered you job security before you had kids . 
  give them free contraception and very easy access to abortion . 
  that would be the middle ground . 
  anybody have any idea why an engineering degree costs the student the same amount as a ba consisting mostly of writing essays ? 
  not taking any side today , just wondering . 
  similar to ta . 
   leave it up to what their penis feels like doing, 
  i do n't see how that 's misandry . 
  it 's a simple statement of the fact that women have the final say in whether or not to have a child if the man 's contraceptive fails or is not used . 
  i would have thought that arts would be more profitable per head . 
  same fees , but an arts degree consists of all the regular university costs plus art supplies . 
  an engineering degree is all of the extras plus workshop time , expensive software and materials . 
  and engineering lecturers have got to be more expensive than arts lecturers . 
  i suppose the government gives the uni grants to make up the slack ? 
  no , i 'm implying that the problem should be solved with easier access to contraceptives for all . 
  i 'm far from an abstinence advocate . 
  i 'm also of the opinion that pretending like men and women have exactly identical roles in contraception is silly . 
  there 's no point dancing around the issue . 
  none . 
  i just think if you have children , you should consider these things . 
   ca n't legislate a person 's body, 
  but you can make it illegal to take drugs, 
  i suppose so . 
  i just noticed nobody had proposed legalising marijuana yet , but we already had single mums and rich white folk . 
  was going for a hat trick . 
  you might be confusing with the other guy . 
  self control is part of the solution , alongside education and easy access to contraception , and many other facets . 
  but pretending like people currently have no control over whether or not they have kids is just as unproductive as saying it 's entirely their fault . 
  really !? 
  bring it back !, 
  put contraception in every public building !, 
  all universities that offer engineering and arts . 
  well , i 'm committed now . 
  might as well explain myself . 
  we take risks every day . 
  when somebody else depends on you , you should do whatever you feel is necessary to mitigate those risks for their welfare . 
  not just for yourself or your dependants , but for society as a whole . 
  your particular situation is none of my business . 
  but when a significant amount of people are having children they ca n't afford ( and therefore are n't supporting ) , it becomes a societal problem , and a burden for everyone . 
  we live in a society , so it 's our job to help each other solve that problem . 
  in many cases , this means educating people to make sure they do n't have kids they ca n't support , or are unlikely to be able to support in the long term . 
  this education should instruct people on how to judge their situation to determine whether or not they can have kids and ensure a safe upbringing . 
  it 's not possible or reasonable to stop people from breeding until they are completely ideal parents , but when common faults occur we should do our best to address them . 
  there we go . 
  that 's my point of view fully explained . 
  if you disagree with it , that 's cool . 
  let me know . 
  i 'm open to be persuaded otherwise . 
  but the down vote button is n't a disagree button . 
  tough titties . 
  for the same reason i wear a helmet when i ride my bike , and take care of my own health by not eating to obesity . 
  i still might fall off or get a horrible disease , but i 've taken care of two of the most likely scenarios that will make me a burden on society . 
  i 'm glad that society is here to help me if accidents happen , and i do my part to prevent these accidents in return . 
  i 'm happy to help those in need , but i expect them to take reasonable precautions first . 
  i do n't see why having kids should be different to any other aspect of being in society . 
  did n't know that . 
  i 'm still surprised to see them in the same ballpark though . 
  so if education and encouragement is n't the answer , what is ? 
  you 're all problems and no solutions in this thread . 
  fark . 
  doctors are pretty important . 
  medicine should be cheaper . 
  online learning is pretty good for some things . 
  if you 're all about maths , have a look at the khan academy courses . 
  you mean a hypothetical roll of tinfoil ? 
  i intend to order pizza to my neighbour 's house and shoot the drone down with a net . 
  lifting eye, 
  post a pic . 
  dominoes in nz only does one size . 
  look at the picture . 
  it actually thinks it 's a gun . 
  or he kept forgetting when his doctor 's appointment was or something . 
  i walked along the top, 
  because they have four wheels . 
  if you intend to do anything in the sciences it will be useful , probably necessary . 
  calculus deals heavily with rates of change and optimisation , so being comfortable with it in the banking sector is definitely a plus . 
  what would you be taking instead ? 
  ` so 35k a year then ? ', 
  at 23 i call myself gen y. 
  wrap it in a cigarette paper and put it in your rectum . 
  the flag of the usa has too many damn stars anyway . 
  critical failure on eas-4 strut connector !, 
  mk2 fuselage collided with the ground !, 
  ignore these guys ... 
  drill a hole in the panel . 
  get a bolt the same size at the hole . 
  reach under your wheel arch , poke the bolt through ( may have to remove wheel guard for this ) . 
  grab the other side of the bolt with some vice grips , or use a nut to attach the bolt to a bit of wood . 
  pull . 
  you may need to repeat this in different parts of the dent , and apply some taps with a rubber mallet to remove wrinkles . 
  you should now have a front quarter-panel in roughly the original shape , with a few holes in it . 
  fill the holes with bog , paint correctly with matching paint . 
  total time ( including drying ) : one afternoon if it 's not raining . 
  no need to make it look like new , it 's not a new car . 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  or you could do that . 
  i do n't see how it 's better though . 
  when we 're talking home repairs to an old accord , might as well do it the easy way . 
  the correct attire for civilian pilots is a hawaiian shirt and cargo shorts . 
  could probably roll out that bit along the top of the wheel with your hands and a firm grip anyway .
