speeding is dangerous, 
  you 're right . 
  it 's a good thing the safest max speed on our thousands of kilometers of road is a nice round number like 100km/h . 
  is n't physics funny ? 
  more of a flouro collar these days mate, 
  dentistry is good for you though . 
  christian indoctrination is n't . 
  there 's this idea ( perpetuated by religious people ) that religion is a belief system , and that there 's a fringe possibility that any one could be correct . 
  we 're very politically correct here in nz , so a lot of non-religious people acknowledge it too . 
  now there 's nothing wrong with being wrong , but if you believe in a diety you are misinformed . 
  misinforming children is something we should n't be doing . 
  i set the ball rolling on september 1 . 
  massey somehow lost my application ... 
  they called me on dec 15 ish and asked me if i was continuing my enrolment . 
  i said yes , i enrolled like 4 months ago . 
  cue much confusion and ma\u00dfey got it sorted out in the end . 
  studylink , however , got it all sorted with weeks to spare . 
  either that , or the issue will be old news and no longer important by election season . 
  why else are they there ? 
  bill gates would never misuse alot . 
  yeah , so has poverty but there 's peaks and troughs in terms of how much news we get on certain topics . 
  if there 's a trough re medical marijuana around election time , it will be a fringe issue . 
  also , boy . 
  mum always gave me marmite on toast for breakfast when i was sick , then put me outside with the cat . 
  shittest acronym out . 
  unite the working class !, 
  seize the means of production !, 
  how does that compare to the snapper quota ? 
  is that not true ? 
  i was under the impression that they had only the most basic agriculture and mostly hunted and gathered and - when food was plentiful - went out and killed each other . 
  it seems like absolute bullshit that you need a qualification to make coffee . 
  here 's a thought : now that gay marriage is legal , why not just marry your brother ? 
  you can sleep in separate rooms ( or on bunk beds of something ) . 
  you get all the advantages of shared living . 
  not that there 's anything wrong with shitting in the bushes anyway , as long as you choose a sensible bush ( e.g. 
  not on a school or traffic island ) and then bury it after . 
  good on our boys . 
  however , i think they would have been perfectly justified in shooting him outright . 
  that 's fucking hilarious, 
  edit : apparently it is n't . 
  i wish people would post status updates . 
  facebook is like 80 % shares now . 
  make sure to pick up a little lube as well , they dry out faster than latex rubbers and break a little easier because of it . 
  especially if you 're large . 
  if you 're large enough to warrant specially sized condoms , good luck finding them in latex free . 
  that 's the most ridiculous thing i 've ever heard . 
  a couple grand meaning 2,000 ? 
  you better have a useful skill because that 's not going to be easy . 
  move somewhere worth good public transport and a variety of industries to work in . 
  move into a room in a flat somewhere . 
  do n't tell the other occupants you 're ` running away ' , that 'll be a bit of a drama warning bell . 
  buy a bus ticket , take only the essentials . 
  apply for the benefit as soon as you get there and start job hunting too . 
  be happy that you own a house . 
  start a business . 
  contribute to the economy by providing some jobs . 
  whatever you do , do n't just buy more land to rent out . 
  i look down on people who live off other 's rent alone . 
  it 's a bad thing to do . 
  the shooter had a sawn off shotgun . 
  none of the recent shootings have been done with kalishnikovs or other ` scary ' weapons . 
  and fully automatic rifles are less effective at shooting a bunch of people than semi auto . 
  because it 's just another semiautomatic rifle . 
  it 's no more or less dangerous than a semi auto hunting rifle . 
  the main reason to get one is cost . 
  they 're made in bulk , so you can get aftermarket attachments , extra magazines and furniture easily and cheaply . 
  the ammunition is very widely used . 
  compare it to my 7mm ' 08 . 
  i hardly ever get to take it out because at $ 3/round i just ca n't afford to fire the damn thing . 
  if i want to go hunting i need to find $ 80-100 bucks for a packet so i can zero it , and then the same for another packet to actually go hunting . 
  practice is out of the question . 
  if i do n't go hunting three times i 've saved up enough to buy an sks . 
  7.62 x39 ( also fired by the ak47 ) costs around $ 15-30 a packet , 5.56 x45 ( fired by the ar-15 ) is similar . 
  the .303 s everyone hunted with thirty years ago were also used by the military , expressly designed to kill people . 
  guns are designed to kill things , and they do it well . 
  it 's more effective to ban/limit the ones that can make an actual difference in criminal hands ( i.e. 
  it 's just you . 
  we 're just having a brief spike . 
  it 'll drop down to normal . 
  these things happen . 
  obesity is self-inflicted . 
  if you 're going under $ ~ 8k you 're better off going private sale because the dealership need to massively inflate the prices to make a profit . 
  and over $ ~ 8k the vehicle will usually have enough life left that you can check it over yourself . 
  the alleged victim is a fijindian - ethnically indian but 2nd or 3rd gen fijian . 
  he probably would have spoke some fijiian . 
  ah , the rarely seen lozenge-style golf ball . 
  4 days, 
  will i have to use fucking gant charts in the real world ? 
  it looks like a balls - aching pile of hr piss . 
  nobody owns a select-fire ak47 , m16 or m4 here in nz ( at least , not legally ) . 
  the only ones available are semi-auto only , making them just a slightly scary looking hunting rifle . 
  the kalishnikov and ar15 platforms are very versatile , widespread and easy to produce because they 're essentially military rifles with no automatic fire capability . 
  them being cheap is a good reason to buy one . 
  the reason to allow them in the country is that they are no more dangerous than a less scary looking rifle , and banning things for no reason is dumb . 
  drawing a line in the sand regarding civilian versions of current service weapons is arbitrary and stupid . 
  heaps of people hunt with ( a-cat ) ar-15s and kalishnikov-platform weapons , particularly goat hunters . 
  they 're excellent bush guns because they 're robust , cheap to replace , short ( although not short enough to make them more dangerous than a hunting rifle ) . 
  e-cat rifles are not to be used for hunting . 
  re registering guns : we kind of do . 
  stores make a note of your license number and firearm serial when they sell to you .
