  so you ca n't actually use c-cat weapons . 
  an animal is lesser than a human . 
  you ca n't really have an exponential amount of something . 
  probably because 1.3 cvts are driven by people who gormlessly follow the brake lights in front of them for years until they crash . 
  new rwd hatches are bought by enthusiasts , but they 're not young drifters . 
  they 're somebody 's dad who wants to do the occasional 2nd gear pull . 
  blatant stereotyping , but if the insurance company has prices that corellate , there 's probably some truth in there . 
  maaaybe . 
  i think you need a permit for each individual non-a can firearm , including a reason to own it . 
  pretty sure you would n't get one for an automatic weapon . 
  here 's my question i always ask pro-israel people : why does n't israel just move ? 
  they 're loaded , and their neighbours hate them . 
  why do n't they just go buy some island somewhere ? 
  or a bit of australia ? 
  or somewhere in south america ? 
  there 's a lot of space out there , most of it does n't even have people in it . 
  and do n't tell me it 's all crap . 
  the land they have at the moment is just a bit of desert , and they 're doing really well with it . 
  it has got to be cheaper than compulsory conscription , a nuclear program , and a permanent state of war . 
  i breed vegetables specifically for the purpose of eating . 
  same rationale there too . 
  hey dude , you 're being hyperbolic in the other direction . 
  i like the video of him trying to drive a nail . 
  the key difference between your viewpoint and mine is that i do n't care about animals . 
  i do n't want them to suffer , but i do n't care if they die . 
  that 's a shit reason to live in a war zone . 
  * i did n't mean ` buy some land ' like buying a farm , i meant buy a bit of land and make it a country . 
  like the usa did with alaska . 
  well , deep down it 's what most people believe . 
  anyone else rate placemakers ? 
  i live there . 
  he 's right . 
  there 's usually some car crashes too . 
  you know how some species of caterpillar have fake eye markings on their back ? 
  this guy achieves the same effect . 
  he puts the mask on the back of his head while patrolling . 
  that ensures people do n't sneak up behind him . 
  but you have to submit a minute to get it officiated , which takes 4-6 weeks and requires a visit from a fire estimator . 
  butterfly flapping it 's wings , man . 
  the patrol was n't on rails . 
  you being in that seat , you might have made a smart arse remark or trod on the map , or spotted the trigger man , , and the vehicle might have been in a different position on detonation and any number of things could have happened . 
  there were a million ways that situation could have unfolded . 
  you 're not responsible for that . 
  they need a court to approve garnishing of wages or forfeiture . 
  160 bucks is a small fine , but op might be innocent . 
  i think you 're over reaching a bit there . 
  the reason engineers think there are n't many women in engineering is because they do n't try to get there . 
  til . 
   why does my hypothetical enemy operate from flow charts ? 
  they 're robots, 
  a raid on a building is far too micro for this flow chart . 
  the raid on a building would fit under ` attack ' . 
  i 'm not arguing with you . 
  because you really need to decide to go into engineering ( or at least head in that general direction ) at age 15 , when you choose your high school subjects ( unless you enter the field as a second career , which is n't overly common for men either ) . 
  so for some reason , girls are n't being encouraged to pursue maths as a serious subject . 
  i 'd blame their mothers , if i had to point anywhere . 
  but that 's a stab in the dark . 
  i do n't know , but in my engineering program , a greater percentage of the women/girls pass their papers than the men/boys . 
  this indicates to me that the problem is more with recruitment , not retention . 
  i guess i did n't see dealing with socially inept boys as a girl-specific problem . 
  i 'm at university in an engineering program at the moment , and i 'm starting a second career . 
  most of the students are straight out of high school . 
  there 's a lot of teenage nervousness and the occasional autistic tendency . 
  they do n't know how to interact with me , either . 
  it 's probably not as bad in my position though , because the ` default ' way they react to me is nervous respect . 
  you 'd probably get a whole gamut of reactions . 
  not here ( new zealand ) . 
  a school shooter is normally already a student at the school , no ? 
  so he 's going to see these things sitting in their ` convenient wall mount ' and remember to bring a sawzall as well as a shotgun . 
  the nzdf is a pretty hot career option for any recent high school grads . 
  especially compared to anything else on their plate right now . 
  nowhere else can a 19 year old make close to 50k a year . 
  for many of them , it 's that or a negligible gain . 
  not op ... got any good resources for building that i3 ? 
  a complete set of plans ? 
  i know there 's probably one out there , but i 'm suffering from information overload at the moment . 
  i always wondered : if my webbing goes around my waist , why ca n't the pack just quick - release onto that ? 
  bam , hip support . 
  cool , thanks mate . 
  i 'm about to attempt a self-source build of a wood frame prusa i3 . 
  any tips ? 
  knife hand !, 
  all i want is some gear that 's not overalls , not black , and not road - worker fluorescent . 
  i think the roundabout indicating rules are a little flawed . 
  - many roundabouts are pretty small , to the point where you have to be going quite slow to clearly indicate when you 're leaving the roundabout . 
  - indicating if you 're turning right is only of use to the other drivers if they are aware of where you entered the roundabout . 
  on many motorcycles and cars , you ca n't actually see if the person is indicating to leave the roundabout . 
  if someone is on your right and is indicating right while entering , you ca n't see it either . 
  - if i 'm making a u-turn at a roundabout , people get confused pretty regularly . 
  - people fuck it up with such regularity that i do n't use their indicators to assess where they 're going , i wait for a definite change in road position . 
  am i doing it wrong ? 
  thoughts welcome, 
  nobody can explain . 
  maybe those stick-on convex thingies for your mirrors would be a good purchase for you . 
  look up a speedy stitcher sewing awl . 
  it 's the shit for repairing packs . 
  much faster than a needle and thread , and the repairs are sturdier and easier . 
  and you can actually carry it with you for repairs on the go !, 
  i know you may not agree with this guy , but this actually is a false equivalency . 
  how about we do n't build the echo chamber ?
