  on a semi-related note , my motorbike keeps getting fucked with . 
  it 's had a few mysterious scratches happen over the past few years , and a few weeks ago someone tried to steal it . 
  it 's got a 12 volt battery and a metal frame , and 12 volt electric fence units are compact enough to fit in the fairing and can be had fairly cheaply . 
  that sounds like it 's probably illegal though , does anyone know for sure ? 
  are you someone else , or did you forget to log into your alt ? 
  do n't get mcafee !, 
  we pay 220 between me and the mrs for a 2 bed in palmerston north . 
  it 's pretty central , but pretty small and not good quality . 
  adding onto your points about the greens , i think the environment is extremely important and would let it guide my vote entirely , but there 's some serious ignorance in the green 's policy . 
  they 're against gmos in a blanket way . 
  gmos are a realistic way to create more food in less space and potentially with less fertiliser and pesticides , which would make conservation a lot easier . 
  a few green party members believe in homeopathy . 
  their glyphosate policy is also a bit retarded . 
  i suspect there 's a bit of scientific ignorance in there that they try quite hard to paint over . 
  i think top is probably underrated . 
  they 're all over social media , and most polling is done by landline . 
  the people most effectively reached by social media are the ones least effectively reached by polls . 
  i know that statisticians account for this , but ` accounting for it ' is really just taking a punt based on some demographics data . 
  i 'm in the demographic that 's reached by the internet but not by landlines , and last election i did n't meet a single person who did n't think internet-mana was a joke . 
   5-6 million deer, 
  i would n't believe ya from my look at the ruahines last week, 
  does n't fonterra already have a pretty large r&d department ? 
  it appears to be missing one guy ... 
  hitler insisted that hitler youth be fed porridge , because he admired the way it turned british boarding school lads into empire builders . 
  i heard it once . 
  it 's guaranteed to be true . 
  where the hell do you live ? 
  it 's quite unusual to see a wreck in a day 's driving where i am . 
  captain 's edition is the shit, 
  it was compulsory up until year 7 at my school , and then disappeared from the curriculum when an angry parent came and beat up the maori teacher for molesting kids . 
  that 's a short-term problem . 
  supermarket checkouts will be gone before the baby boomers all die . 
  improve the experience by having a few friends and drinks , and then sit in a big chair behind the guy controlling the computer and yell at him like you 're a starfleet captain, 
  it 's probably computer science , the easiest and least cool stem degree, 
  they ca n't swim - if they went into the water it would freeze !, 
  i 'm not sure wights have the tensile strength for that, 
  which major ? 
  i would find that hilarious . 
  you should do it . 
  you can swim in crude oil ... 
  does anybody else have issues with youtube going down for 20-40 minutes ? 
  feelin ' good on a monday !, 
  celebrities are n't allowed to make jokes !, 
  get out of here with your facts !, 
  5/10 lacks zazz, 
  i 'm sure her eyes do n't dart around quite so furtively, 
  the pencilsword reminds me of school journal illustrations if every character had sand in their eyes, 
  the fliers are n't circular . 
  there 's four corners , they 're clearly rectangles . 
  appointing a working group, 
  in response to australians toughening up on new zealand immigrants , the national party has proposed to ban australians from ____, 
  geothermal still works when there 's no wind, 
  act : just let everyone die, 
  half the time i see a koru on something , it makes it look like a government website . 
  for reference , my flair . 
  it usually looks like a bland piece of design-by-commitee that 's meant to tick boxes . 
  this is an awesome cop car though . 
  see also : motorcar , computer, 
  anybody got statistics on use of the counseling services between the universities ? 
  and urewera is burnt penis, 
  thanks for the response . 
  there 's about 25 of them . 
  enough for a jacket maybe ? 
  i thought i might put a grippy rubber belt on a linishing wheel . 
  is it really that cheap to buy ? 
  i 'm on an island with very strict biosecurity because it subsists mostly off agriculture and has lots of native plants and animals with no natural defences . 
  anything that 's not native and is n't property ( except some species of duck ) can be hunted , trapped or poisoned whenever you want . 
  also i 'm not sure if these geese migrate . 
  i do n't know of they can cross thousands of km of open ocean . 
  [ elite police ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcquqjf9djfa7tbykwldsyhtgxl6hgp8jgenbmh4gkj6nwjpjk31fza8vpf - ), 
  i had a dream last night that rally new zealand went along my parents road and i won in a 1994 isuzu mu . 
  anyone know if it still exists ? 
  might be my time to shine . 
  i 'm not sure you spell well enough for the air force . 
  too well for the marines though . 
  nobody outside of tradoc cares about that shit . 
  you do n't need an acronym to assist with the general concept of a decision . 
  do conscripts in finland do much drill/marching/parade ground stuff ? 
  during my time in ( different country ) i always thought you could make a competent soldier far quicker if you did n't bother teaching him to march and salute . 
  i spent about a quarter of my first year doing parades or parade related activities . 
  that number is silly ... they scale with size , not just type . 
  lifers, 
  who 's alt are you ? 
  all you do is shit on top . 
   hoping supporters will take his word for it, 
  what ? 
  bluffing ? 
  in politics !, 
  just one man on a mission ? 
  i know the feeling , i often go against the circlejerk around here ( although i 'm on the fence about top ) , but i do other stuff as well !, 
  you look like a one hit wonder . 
  no jokes . 
  no general shit talking . 
  no asking for info . 
  no engaging with the community around you , except to shit on one small party . 
  i never saw you before top , and i 'm not sure i 'll see you after . 
  i 'm genuinely interested . 
  why ? 
  yeah , what happened with that ? 
  the rumour mill just stopped .
