  pretty much anyone can hunt there if you ask first . 
  a farmer would generally say yes if you asked nicely too . 
  ca n't imagine why they would n't . 
  i 'd rather take a big gamble on changing the electoral threshold system . 
  come look at mine . 
  everybody either does n't bother to engage or barely skims the surface of an issue and stakes their vote on it . 
  instant noodles surpress the symptoms of being a student suffering from malnutrition , but do n't do much for the underlying cause . 
  it 'd be bully for you if imperial units were all base 12 then, 
  lunch is for breakfast . 
  fucking love my 12 hour sleep binges on saturdays, 
  i wish i could be shirtless , but i live in manawatu :(, 
  drink a powerade then do sprints for half an hour, 
  i 've vistited that part of the world . 
  have you ever had a poor friend who suddenly got rich and buys stupid shit ? 
  it 's that on a national scale . 
  starring temuera morrison , directed by george lucas, 
  people move to sanson because they do n't like the general idea of things happening . 
  it 's just another of those rural hamlets with all the inconvenience of rural living along with all the inconveniences of suburban life . 
  see top, 
  going to sydney , canberra and melbourne . 
  what 's to do ? 
  what should i know ? 
  where can i try some roo ? 
  i 'm looking for info on how much work african labourers can do in a day , or anything related . 
  preferably drawing some kind of a connection between labour tasks ( digging holes , light construction etc ) . 
  i have no idea where to start . 
  i know this is n't technically economics but i figured this would be a good place to start . 
  i have a desktop running windows 7 , a surface tablet/netbook/notepad thing running windows 10 and a note 3 neo . 
  i want a to-do list that syncs across devices . 
  ideally stylus compatible , but not necessarily . 
  should be very lightweight . 
  it will be used for shopping lists , due dates etc. 
  i 'm willing to pay for it if there 's demonstration that it actually works . 
  currently using onenote , it 's alright . 
  potentially something a little lighter , onenote takes too long to sync ( i.e. 
  longer than three seconds when all i 'm after is a shopping list ) . 
  it 's also possible that i 'm not using onenote optimally . 
  cheers guys, 
  preferably pc . 
  erua forest , tongariro area etc. 
  goats , deer , pigs , whatev . 
  i do n't care , it 's been more than a year since i 've had the chance to get out there . 
  just keen to go . 
  how do i get rid of flipboard ? 
  it came with the phone . 
  it updates automatically , and is bound to a shortcut i keep hitting automatically . 
  it ca n't be disabled or uninstalled . 
  i 'm looking to buy a pair of helmet intercoms for rider-to-rider use . 
  trademe is full of no-brand intercoms for $ 100-300nzd ( such as [ this one ] ( http://www.trademe.co.nz/motors/motorbikes/helmets-clothing-footwear/helmets/auction-1107499633.htm ) and [ this one ] ( http://www.trademe.co.nz/motors/motorbikes/helmets-clothing-footwear/helmets/auction-1104299797.htm ) ) . 
  anybody used any of these ? 
  which one ? 
  any good ? 
  [ removed ], 
  our robot friend tells me i have to explain this in more detail , but there 's really not that much to the problem . 
  scoop plus gravity equals buried , equals frequently rummaging around in a jar or food . 
  that ca n't be sanitary . 
  inb4 ' do n't keep your scoop in your powder ' , unless you have somewhere really awesome to put it . 
  found a bretty good nick one with 45,000 km . 
  i want something light as a daily that 's fast enough to tour . 
  the guy 's asking a bit much though , i reckon i 'm paying a lams premium . 
  what would you pay for it ? 
  where did you do yours , and where can i get one ? 
  how much pay should i ask for ? 
  [ removed ], 
  seeing a lot in the media today about how boomers are doing awesome/at least alright , and millenials are doing shit . 
  how are you other guys ? 
  doing alright ? 
  i mean , remove all stray surfaces that do n't have any thickness , and all lines that are n't part of a face . 
  needs :, 
  easy to use for someone who grew up on win7 and 8 . 
  stable ( important !, 
  i do n't want to be providing tech support all the time ! ), 
  capable of running a word processor and a spreadsheet, 
  capable of running chrome or firefox, 
  be lightweight ( do n't know the specs of these laptops yet , but they 're mid-market pcs from about 2-3 years ago ), 
  easy to install ( i need to do about five of these things , and do n't want to fuck around all day ) . 
  also taking any other advice on how to tackle this problem , recommended open source software , instructions/advice i should give to the kids when i hand them over , etc. 
  needs :, 
  easy to use for someone who grew up on win7 and 8 . 
  stable ( important !, 
  i do n't want to be providing tech support all the time ! ), 
  capable of running a word processor and a spreadsheet, 
  capable of running chrome or firefox, 
  be lightweight ( do n't know the specs of these laptops yet , but they 're low-end pcs from about 2-3 years ago ), 
  easy to install ( i need to do about five of these things , and do n't want to fuck around all day ) . 
  also taking any other advice on how to tackle this problem , recommended open source software , instructions/advice i should give to the kids when i hand them over , etc. 
  i have some alpine star tech-tourers . 
  i 've had them for a year and used them daily . 
  when they were new , i could ride in a torrential downpour at 100kph and come out dry . 
  now , i ride in a moderate shower in city speeds and my balls and shoulders get wet . 
  how do i make them waterproof again ? 
  edit : cheers for the attempts , but a gore tex/plastic condom is not the answer i 'm looking for . 
  has anybody read one of these ? 
  is the info accurate ? 
  i want to go hunting in manawatu/nearby but i do n't know anybody in the region who hunts , so i ca n't bro network a good spot . 
  i 'll be shipping a dissembled machine a bit smaller than a microwave . 
  i 'm running windows 7 , using the student version of office 365 . 
  it is activated on this machine . 
  when i open an office program ( excel , onenote , word etc ) , it asks me to sign in to access my files on onedrive . 
  when i enter my account details into a pop-up window , the window closes and nothing happens !,
