  and in that case , why do n't i just vote for that party instead ? 
  are you ok ? 
  even john key knows we can walk and chew gum at the same time . 
  why ? 
  worst case scenario , the booze and entertainment industry makes some money . 
  mine tried that . 
  macbeth is a term 's worth of scottish people being paranoid and speaking in bullshit riddles , but apparently it 's ` cool ' because some old dude makes a piss joke once . 
  spelling bee, 
  the average population shift from migration over the last three years comes to 56,000 people moving here each year [ source ] ( https://www.enz.org/migrants.html ) . 
  assuming four-person households , and no change in immigration numbers , that 's 14,000 dwellings required per year . 
  labour 's policy ( 100,000 houses in ten years ) is 40 % short , and national 's policy more than doubles that requirement . 
  does someone who knows about proposed immigration policies want to chime in ? 
  these are back-of-the-envelope calculations . 
  a million people who all moved to the same spot for the sole purpose of inconveniencing each other . 
  sounds a lot like palmerston north . 
  sounds like a fairly typical reputation for an american auto company . 
  i 've read somewhere that it 's a training aid . 
  throw a cop into a kill-house scenario , and see which people he chose to shoot . 
  ' 2 years in paaaaaalmerston north ! ', 
  if top wants to make it clear they wo n't work with winston , why do n't they just say that ? 
  although , the possibility of allowing someone else to be kingmaker is a nice thought . 
  cheers mate . 
  those noodles include about a teaspoon of oil . 
  would you suggest adding more ? 
  yeah mate . 
  i 'm hitting the ruahines starting this arvo . 
  i 've found you can save a bit of space by substituting tp for biodegradable wet wipes , you end up using less than half the amount , especially if your food does n't agree with you , 
  i 've actually used one of those things ... it 's more like, 
  now i ca n't find the lenses, 
  now it 's out of batteries, 
  now it 's broken because it 's a relic from desert storm, 
  pretty sure i 've seen them in age of empires, 
  pretty sure the romans used them . 
  and they did n't work then either . 
  i 'm no expert , but mining returns decrease in relation to the amount of bitcoin available . 
  eventually , it wo n't be profitable . 
  or maybe there 's some equivalency going on . 
  a fridge and freezer is worth half a smartphone or something, 
  let he who loves his glass house get stoned the most . 
  are they transporting the milk or drinking it ? 
  harden, 
  it 's just you with 224 other accounts , is n't it ? 
  but muuuuuuuuuuum !, 
  gareth only replies to me on fb if i poke at obvious holes in his policies in public , and he usually does n't give me a good answer . 
  if i ask policy questions directly through messenger , neither top or gareth 's page will reply . 
  i go to northland once a year . 
  it feels like the rest of new zealand from ten years ago , but poorer . 
  if the rest of the country needs to suffer for northland to ` catch up ' , fair enough . 
  that said , if we implement decent container rail from a new northland port , surely it 'll be exactly the same amount of fuck around as having a major logistical hub in a major metropolitan area ? 
  to me , that indicates that we should slice auckland off and let it be a third world country . 
  i hated john key 's flavour of the kiwi accent so fucking much . 
  he 's very open minded , which is good . 
  but i 'm not sure he 's very well educated , which is not so good . 
  people go on his podcasts from time to time and convince him of shit that 's obviously wrong . 
  on the other hand , he 's pretty obsessed with not saying wrong stuff . 
  if he states something as fact but is n't sure about it , his tech guy fact checks it for him on the fly and confirms it . 
  it 's a really interesting combination . 
  i disagree . 
  step it up . 
  i want to see tennis players performing solo haka before each volley , and some flicks and pukana from golfers as they approach the ball on the green . 
  good news , that means you can apply with whatever marks you get and find some data to back it up . 
  if you get greater than 90 % marks on the final exams , say that . 
  if you can find some info on what everybody else did , and use that to place yourself in the top ten percent , say that . 
  the university administrators are n't going to become very well familiarised with ncea just for you . 
  just say something about your grades which makes them appear equivalent to what they 're looking for , make it fact-checkable , and send it off , 
  it 's treason , then, 
  catch 22 !, 
  oh , the unhelpful arsehole has the new zealand first flair . 
  what a surprise . 
  then they put them on treadmills for geothermal power, 
  the old stuff had a distinctive smell . 
  fuckin pidgeon would probably vote nzf ... no foresight, 
  definitely not mana though ... 
  the other side of that is busy-work - when you have a good employee , if they 're left idle they will find something to do . 
  if that employee is management or hr , that ` something to do ' will be solving problems which do n't exist , making hindering policies and rules for no reason . 
  how the hell does a language work like that ? 
  that 's some george lucas language bullshit . 
  why care about politics if you 're nor willing to do any costing ? 
  excellent question . 
  maybe it 's a hard push into a ` knowledge economy ' , or maybe it 's oversight . 
  is n't it illegal to be prosecuted twice for the same crime ? 
  what would putting her in jail actually achieve ? 
  the deterrent effect ? 
  pretty sure that does n't work . 
  where are these pesky goats ? 
  i 'm feeling a curry . 
   increase exponentially, 
  lol no, 
  i took ncea level three english and i regret it . 
  it 's an arts appreciation course with a focus on theater , novels and movies . 
  i should have taken calculus instead . 
  that said , english is a good class to have discussions with the teacher and class members . 
  if you 're into that sort of thing and like the teacher , it 's a good time . 
  ultimately , you can self-teach any high-school course with some aptitude and discipline in about 6 weeks . 
  `` superman does good . 
  you 're doing well ' . 
  i would n't say taking level three english would help . 
  it 's an arts course at that point . 
  maybe you 'd be better off looking into a technical english course ? 
  did you take school c english ?
