  i was told that 's wrong . 
  no i 'm not , but i 'm sure somebody here will chime in and make an offer . 
  ooooo , kiwi made !, 
  nice . 
  ` forcing members into an isolated hut as punishment ' wtf, 
  nah , it 's the government recouping money that would otherwise have to come from other places . 
  this way , you do n't pay for road repairs if you do n't burn fuel , and you do n't pay for chemo if you do n't munch durrys . 
  ffs . 
  just publish the grid refs and clear all this crap up . 
  can we really expect a country with mixed languages and low literacy to keep consistent names for villages ? 
  seriously ? 
  how much are we talking ? 
  long sleeves with short shorts !? 
  you barbarian !, 
  that 's about the price of two off-the-rack suit from hallensteins . 
  because if we do n't accept it , we might as well just not have them . 
  it would be like having cops let you go if you asked nicely . 
  that possum still deserves to die for mixing fonts like that, 
  do n't get too friendly with it , you 'll go blind . 
  it 's not so bad , you could be yelling ` rations rations ' and ` boots boots ' as well . 
  lol shoo, 
  i can tell it was british boarding school . 
  not by your description of the weather , but by your beautifully subtle way of whinging about it that only a british education can provide . 
  ooooo he has a video on radio links . 
  cooool, 
  for most americans . 
  that fuck also puts tinned spaghetti on pizza . 
  what if i want to pick up something bigger than i can carry but smaller than a station wagon ? 
  do i need to pay for delivery , or could i buy a day pass or something ? 
  in catholic re i was able to state in an assignment that if you hold the catholic church 's position that the church of latter day saints is a cult , then you must also consider the catholic church a cult . 
  easiest excellence credits i ever collected . 
  cheese and bacon v bbq is an interesting moral dilemma . 
  one looks like acne , the other is n't even named after a food . 
  you do n't know . 
  what top secret doctrine do you think the public will have to familiarise themselves with to understand the verdict ? 
  enable night mode, 
  good stuff . 
  looking at hitting the ruahines early next week . 
  they might have been roaring for a bit , but hopefully all the rain up here has discouraged everyone else !, 
  love me a good four-score-some !, 
  no , but you 'll lose time having to look up grid references for each square of each colour , and lose even more time when you make a mistake by miscount and have to fix it . 
  good strategy if you 're a robot that can jump instantaneously to each co-ord , but bad if you 're a human . 
  you 're thinking of vaginas . 
  dicks can be soaped . 
  probably should n't break out the sunlight soap though . 
  that one has gone the way of to-morrow , hallo and manufactory . 
  nickel !, 
  post cv and we 'll see . 
  adding on to this ... it 's for diagnostics and potentially tracking . 
  if your vehicle was once a fleet vehicle or kid 's first car , it could be a speed logger . 
  or a mechanic might have left it there . 
  more likely a speed tracker than location tracker if it plugs into the obd2 . 
  look for serial numbers and google them . 
  following on from that , you should learn to do these checks yourself in the future . 
  it takes time to learn , but is n't hard . 
  wilfully not knowing things is just saying you 're ok with not having money . 
  how do you plan to get naval gunfire into afghanistan mate ? 
  maintaining stability in the pacific . 
  scaring off people who steal our fish . 
  dropping off and picking up soldiers . 
  i hate to quote john key , but as a country we can walk and chew gum at the same time . 
  the police are n't starving for applicants . 
  why take the risk ? 
  why should they take on applicants who need antidepressants when there are thousands who do n't ? 
  explain why it ca n't do the first two . 
  i did n't see it in the article , but i 'm under the impression this boat floats on water . 
  might be the tool for the task . 
  i think the boat is self propelled as well . 
  that does n't really answer the question . 
  or , they could just take on people who do n't need antidepressants at all . 
  they do , if they drink or smoke enough to cause physical or mental health issues . 
  oh , we need a fleet that big , better start now !, 
  the police also do not hire people who require paracetamol , heart medication , or immunosuppressants daily . 
  because at that point they 're thousands of dollars worth of training into making this person a cop . 
  better to allow them to get well . 
  recruits , however , are replaceable . 
  ` there are better applicants ' . 
  justification enough ? 
  those are false equivalences . 
  the discrimination is n't identical if the situation is n't equivalent . 
  do people not come off antidepressants once they 've resolved their issue ? 
  that 's another false equivalency . 
  by your logic , people in wheelchairs should be allowed to join the police . 
  until society ` moves on ' to the point that we no longer need police , they will need to reserve the right to pick the best applicants . 
  harry and ron are such lazy fucks . 
  they 're given the chance to learn how to defy the laws of nature and wield unimaginable power , to help or to hurt however they want , and they spend most of their time fucking around playing fantasy basketball and eating lollies . 
  and one of them used to live under the fucking stairs . 
  it 's literally the chance to pull himself up by his bootstraps and he does nothing !, 
  season 8 episode 13, 
  holidayer * just because an idiom is british instead of american does n't mean it 's not stupid . 
  the holiday was already made !, 
  you will spend 75 % of that time waiting for the toilet brush to arrive , and 20 % waiting for somebody to come and inspect it . 
  the hud is absolute crap though . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it , it 's just unusually happy for this place . 
  i like the idea of student allowance being payed to everyone , but leave it at a fixed rate for the country unless we can absolutely guarantee a fair share for the provinces . 
  i can see massey and waikato students getting the short end of the stick otherwise . 
  i also like the idea of being ineligible for the student allowance for a year or two after high school , unless you performed exceptionally well . 
  no , they 're earning enough to support you according to the government . 
  the system does n't take into account debts and children , so it 's anybody 's guess whether that 's actually enough . 
  if it ca n't be connected to killing the enemy or saving your mates , it is n't soldiering .
