  hello fellow northlander !, 
  living in the country means you need more than 200k range . 
  if you 're a farmer that means you need to be able to tow trailers or carry cargo on board as well . 
  i do n't know of any electrics that can do that yet . 
  maybe . 
  i still think rurals will be slow to adopt electrics until an electric ute is introduced . 
  i 'd like to see electric vehicles take off , but i doubt it 'll happen for a long time unless price falls to the point where they can compete with good second hand cars . 
   the weather is nice , it has hundreds of beaches , its  close to bachs , the people are fine . 
  are you sure you 're not thinking of whangarei ? 
  or hawkes bay ? 
  or pretty much anywhere on the east coast of nz ? 
  nz accents fascinate me . 
  northland maori sound like beth from once were warriors . 
  is that omana road ? 
  my spark internet connection is too slow for light box . 
  it wo n't allow you to pause it and let the show load , it only loads about 30 seconds ahead of where you are . 
  it also does n't let you select the quality . 
  whinge more . 
  we need to use more geothermal . 
  yes , real sources . 
  if you can get an adrenalin rush from a game of rugby and consider it ` real ' , then paintball is also real . 
  speedball in particular is n't trying to simulate a battle , it 's a sport . 
  there 's two main types of paintball . 
  speedball is a sport . 
  woods ball is playing pretend . 
  are you dwight schrute ? 
  he 's young . 
  if he lasts long enough , he 'll learn . 
  well , i do n't have a grey block handy . 
  better just abandon my research here . 
  aaahhhh , a [ neo cortex ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/1/12/dr._neo_cortex.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150410032415 ), 
  fuck that 's cool, 
  you know the holes you have to jump over in crash bandicoot ? 
  it 's one of them . 
   professional drilling machine, 
  you mean ... a drill ? 
  and they still perpetuate some odd ideas , like their policy on glyphosate . 
  have you ever tried turning off the tv , sitting down with your kids , and hitting them ? 
  i have it on pretty good authority that working for any spark call center is fucking terrible . 
  pm me if you want any info . 
   notes with ` to whom it may concern ' do n't count, 
  why ? 
   a litre of vodka, 
  this is n't king 's, 
  i know it 's generally not that funny , but it 's just a joke . 
  let 's take it like one . 
  you would typically just use coax or flex for this , depending on the vehicle . 
  doubt it . 
  if they were that worried , they would n't have issued them any . 
  they probably just did n't give them that many because tanks are for destroying fortifications and armour , and are already equipped with a flex and coax ( or two ) for infantry . 
  they are n't on the outside though . 
  with the machine gun you could take care not to hit the expensive optics or radio antenna . 
  anti meat, 
  no it does n't . 
  this is the most trivial shit out . 
  is it even worth any demerit points ? 
  auckland is n't a key city . 
  it 's more of a key eyesore . 
  it 's all about the trade you pick . 
  the only similarity beyond that is the uniform and salary . 
  you should get a license though . 
  driving is a basic life skill , like budgeting . 
  i ride my motorbike because its efficient , cheap , fast and briefly puts a smile on my face before my 12 hours of study . 
  damn hop heads asking this question every week ... it 's almost like they 're forgetful or something . 
  then why do n't you run ? 
  ' x is a distraction ', 
  bonus points for my favourite nz political clich\u00e9, 
  few things make you look more stupid than vaping . 
  i suppose it 's better than smoking , but if you went straight to vaping without smoking first you just look like a neckbeard with an oral fixation . 
  if he can pass the tests , good on him . 
  the question is how often should we reassess his fitness to drive , since he was expected to die in 1986 . 
  nothing in wellington is straight . 
  i 'd vote for ya . 
  i do n't know why but i was expecting cardboard cutouts of marijuana plants . 
  is n't that in the training area ? 
  sounds like a lot of red tape . 
  rumour has it that all the deer hang out in the closed impact zone, 
  that 's because they 're awesome and useful . 
  i have one . 
  it makes about 5 bottles of 37 % spirits each time . 
  `` driver !, 
  dodge that flaming fagot ! '', 
  look at pam teacupping . 
   everything you can to put yourself above the crowd, 
  be older . 
  chase another dream for three to five years . 
  gain some maturity . 
  i know it . 
  be prepared to be surrounded by 18 year olds with shit yarns . 
  your beard looks like pubic hair . 
  keep it no longer than a little stubble . 
  i 'm impressed he actually bothered to aim if he thought he had blanks . 
  and six hours of country just north a little . 
  you made a pretty good career choice tho . 
  50 bucks socially means one round at a bar in nz for a small group . 
  rounds is the traditional way to do it . 
  it means you do n't have to repeatedly go up to the bar . 
  it 's fallen out of favour now that drinks cost about $ 9 though . 
  that does sound like bullshit . 
  which insurance company ?
