  most universities have various paths to bring you up to scratch . 
  you want to pick the shortest one . 
  paying university prices for high school level education is extremely wasteful . 
  just self-teach the basics and do summer school . 
  even if you spend a few hundred on a tutor you 're still winning . 
  i did a similar thing , just smashed my first year . 
  pm me for info if you need . 
  he likes receiving the piss . 
  but it 's pronounced apperteef and ontray, 
   ` every machine i have is capable of killing someone ', 
  is this guy a contractor or a supervillian ? 
  even the coffee machine in the smoko room ? 
  and then i 'll get a gorilla to keep your dog away, 
  he 's exactly the same as a crazy cat lady . 
  op asked about cultural tension . 
  this is what it looks like . 
  it 's an ugly picture but there 's some truth in there . 
  but there are pasifika clubs at university . 
  is n't that just the same thing ? 
  bush basha, 
  are we talking motorbike or push bike ? 
  disputing point 2 - if you insure something for longer than it takes to save up the value of that item , you 're losing . 
   if you have expensive things , you should have them insured, 
  if you insure something for longer than it takes to save up the value of that item , you 're losing . 
  grrr staring at my own face for 10 mins, 
  15 dollars is cheap , 30 is steep . 
  take less than 15 mins . 
  wait less than 20 mins . 
  talk is fine , preferably about the news . 
  and try to know stuff . 
  talk about the town . 
  i get a lot of store recommendations from barbers . 
  grooming tips or alternative haircut suggestions are also fine . 
  shave the back of my neck with a straight razor , not clippers . 
  if i walk in carrying a motorbike helmet , be sure to remove all of the stray hairs from my head so i do n't have to wash the liner . 
  i have lunbuntu on some old former windows craptops . 
  highly recommend it . 
  ten years ago rent was n't so high , and you could afford to go to gigs . 
  shitposting aside , the only reason the usmc thinks they 're something special is because the us army is worse . 
  maths was my weakest hand too . 
  it was pretty bad , but it can be overcome with hard work . 
  and new zealand operates the lav3 . 
  australia operates the lav25 , which is n't very similar at all . 
  also not sure if the us crews count as ` well-trained ' . 
  i 'd agree that they 're more experienced , but that does n't make them well-trained . 
  letting the enemy do your teaching instead of tradoc is a bit questionable . 
  no hate from me , i just think the us military is n't as cool as it thinks it is . 
  they have better toys and more experience than everyone else , and are definitely scarier , but they do n't have a better standard of soldier . 
  no good rapper uses aabbccdd, 
  the adventures of matthew mcspacehick, 
  what about a way to filter multiple provinces at once ? 
  better save those messages as firelighters too, 
  i did this recently . 
  lubuntu was what i went with . 
  excellent results . 
  e : same ram available too , on a 2007 toshiba satellite pro, 
  zorin is ok , but does n't have suitable customisation for multiple screens . 
  here in nz , pork is 8-12 dollars per kilo . 
  if you do n't count the time spent finding the pig , you 're easily breaking even by eating it . 
  venison is even better . 
  yeah , ditto for most countries . 
  in nz , you 're not really deployable for two years in combat arms . 
  you 're too busy doing courses and in-unit training . 
  16 weeks basic , 14 ( ish ) weeks infantry corps training , some specialising course , probably a truck course , and then a year 's exercises and unit training ... 
  everything is awesome !, 
  the army 's a big beast too , the trades are hugely different . 
  i was pretty envious of the sig life . 
  only if you 're in one of the 5 largest centers . 
  ^ can afford a netflix subscription . 
  true millenials watch putlocker . 
  half a twenty litre bucket . 
  and a few king 's students wondering why people ca n't relate to them . 
  my former king 's flatmate tried to pass himself off as having a poor childhood ... his dad is cfo of a company that nets around 170 million a year . 
  not just one . 
  at canterbury uni , the cheapest hall is chock full of poor provincial kids , except for a bunch of absolutely loaded king 's students . 
  so you get kids who can hardly afford to be there right next to kids with flash cars , ski passes , new laptops and flash clothes . 
  you ca n't blame them for having rich parents , but they were impossible to talk to . 
  it was all ` why did n't you get a macbook ? ', 
  ` why is n't your car running ? ', 
  ` why do you buy warehouse jeans ? ' . 
  so it 's not ` every private school kid is an arsehole ' , it 's ` every king 's student i 've ever met is an arsehole ' . 
  tongariro is the obvious safe bet, 
  a ` nigger line ' is a little niche you cut into a buzz cut or fade with the tip of the clippers . 
  you generally see them a few fingers above the ear . 
  the employee is ( probably ) calling it a nigger line because it 's a little stylistic strip , not because it 's a line that is black . 
  it 's ( probably ) a personification joke , not a ` hurr durr nigger is funny word cause it 's taboo ' joke . 
  it 's meant to be funny because other employees will look at it and say ` haha , this is a newsletter , not an urban youth ' . 
  you 'd get the same effect calling it a moustache or a landing strip . 
  i would have gone with monobrow . 
  that does n't make it right or wrong , but i think it 's a better joke than it 's getting credit for . 
  how about with the mass grave of babies recently found under a catholic orphanage in ireland ? 
  this was a good question , but at least four of you took out as a pot shot at aunty helen . 
  it 's not that hard though , is it ? 
  i heard they were largely conscripted vietnamese city boys who had no idea how to jungle, 
  yeah , but kiwis are poor on an australian standard . 
  integrated catholic school and public school for me . 
  terrible and alright , in that order . 
  ` identify your target beyond all doubt ' is a hunting thing . 
  the rules are n't the same when you 're in danger of being shot back . 
  the risks are n't the same .
