  i 've had a few funny looks but i do it anyway . 
  i sit with my right boot pretty much on the middle lane , and do n't come out of gear until the car behind me has stopped . 
  lets me shoot off if needed . 
  do you ride ? 
  them being irritated and not being able to tell how far i am is definitely better than them not seeing me at all . 
  except they do n't . 
   logic , common sense , decency ... 
  sounds like he was explaining a pretty logical problem to me . 
  the fact that he was overly blunt should n't matter . 
  that 's a bit strong . 
  i hope it 's not just because of these few comments . 
  the kid would have to be so fucking fragile to get ptsd from being pushed off a bike . 
  like when i forget to do up my fly . 
  ` oi grouse , your fallacy 's showing ! ', 
  i 'm under the impression that a bcom is the same wherever you go , so you should go somewhere with the cheapest rent , or close to your hobbies or whatever . 
  i know some pretty heavy , weak dudes . 
  100m moving targets are a little hard to hit , especially when they 're smaller than people . 
  and i imagine they 'll just fly them higher . 
   butt, 
  american detected, 
  i get far more male attention than female thanks to my bike . 
  and it 's not even an interesting bike . 
  to all of the people complaining about groceries :, 
  that 's a week 's groceries for two . 
  the ` luggage system ' on the back is just a few kmart/ali express bags that i sewed some bungee cord onto . 
  cost less than 40 bucks nz . 
  i do n't count the cost of the backpack on the front cause i needed it anyway . 
  only real downside is that if i need beer i have to make two trips . 
  the bike lifestyle is very possible . 
  just have a can - do attitude . 
  minor downside :, 
  ` hurr durr it 's good weather for a ride ' when it 's pissing down . 
  edit : some other guy mentioned camping . 
  with this setup , i toured around the country for four days . 
  could have gone longer . 
  i had a hammock , a rain shelter , and a cooker . 
  i can do up a tutorial post if there 's enough interest . 
  no , not at all . 
  what 's your time worth ? 
  you could spend half a day looking for something edible in skip bins and still risk food poinsoning . 
  or you could busk/do an sjs job for a few hours , and then go buy a month 's worth of rice . 
  there 's also hunting , or fishing . 
  those are both options . 
  once for both , in the late 00s . 
  i think it 's harder these days . 
  it 's harder than it was when you did your license . 
  sounds mostly like op just flaps under pressure . 
  i have a 7mm08 . 
  regret it entirely . 
  stores here do n't necessarily stock identical ammo , so i have to re-zero frequently . 
  a green butt plug, 
  yeah . 
  gon na invest in some reloading gear as soon as the mood takes me . 
  2-4 dollars per litre for me, 
  comfortable - to me , that means a rental , decent quality food , a couple of hobbies that are n't too expensive , and a vehicle . 
  you need a vehicle in most of the country . 
  because i buy everything outright , i have no idea how hp or personal loan repayments would fit into this . 
  i 'm not going to do your unit conversions for you , but 40k a year is comfortable for a single in christchurch , palmy and northland . 
  it 's probably the same everywhere except wellington and auckland . 
  a couple could be fine on 50k . 
  i would consider ( as a single ) 29k a year to be the poverty line . 
  for a couple , i would n't know where the poverty line is . 
  you get a lot more flexibility , i suppose . 
  my rule of thumb : if you 're earning less than 20 bucks an hour , your life will be crap . 
  the trade-off of time for money will leave you depressed in a few months . 
  this could be different if your partner brings in more than a little money . 
  i dunno about blanket-ruling harsher sentences for assaulting police . 
  in germany , you wo n't be punished for attempting to escape custody because it 's a natural inclination or something ( you 'll have to look up the exact wording ) . 
  i think police will put people in situations where their natural inclination to defend themselves ( fight or flight reflex ) could result in an assault charge . 
  that 's an unavoidable part of doing their job , and punishing people extra harshly for hitting someone who 's trying to hit or tackle them is unfair . 
  if i get smashed , sometimes i take joking or play fighting too far . 
  it 's a pretty big problem , so i do n't get smashed except around trusted friends . 
  when sober i 'm normal/decent . 
  you do n't have to be a piece of shit to get fighty when drinking . 
  depends what person a was up to while overseas . 
  if they were out and about being a good cunt and enhancing the reputation of the country , they may have caused more revenue through tourism or overseas investment than they may have otherwise payed through income tax . 
  it 's a hugely complex issue . 
  i 'm in the middle . 
  i 'll still call that hypothetical person a piece of shit , but also recognise they 're a piece of shit because of the situations they find themselves in . 
  your circumstances make you who you are , but they 're no excuse . 
  those cops better be careful . 
  he looks like he might take a swing at them . 
  generally becoming a poorer nation , and discontent surrounding it . 
  i have heard that something with ginger and garlic is good . 
  fucked if i know how though . 
  edit : remind me after christmas and i 'll let you know how it worked out, 
  lay bird seed in your garden and shoot them from your bathroom window . 
  palmerston north : do n't get into it myself , but it looks fucking amazing !, 
  or go out and kill one, 
  there was no requirement for those pictures to move . 
  edit : why would you animate a blink and a shrug but not a guy getting hit with a fish ? 
  are you aware that the tesla powerwall is a household battery and a nissan leaf is a car ? 
  if you 're off the grid , there 's no requirement for 240v ac . 
  are you going to convert your stored energy to 240v ac , or look at going with 12v dc lighting ? 
  or a combination of both ? 
  is n't that pretty close to how it was ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  they 'll both result in you using more electricity . 
  they 're devices for saving money . 
  i avoid them cause they do a crap job !,
