  ` who else will vote for these guys , and will they agree with me ? ', 
  and ` do these guys typically lie ? ', 
  you might agree with winston peters , but he mostly caters to old people and he often does n't get enough clout to push the agendas that relate to everyone else . 
  he 'll push the ones that relate to old people . 
  in the second image , you 'll see that the lower sole is separating from the boot . 
  i can provide more pics if needed . 
  the boots are lowa z6s gts . 
  lowa tells me it 's not repairable . 
  obviously , somebody managed to glue the sole to it in the first place , and it lasted three years of daily wear . 
  i want to do it again ( obviously , cleaning it first ) . 
  i 've tried generic superglue and something which claims to be ` shoe glue ' and they disintegrated after about 20kms . 
  could i do it ? 
  could a cobbler do it ? 
  if that 's not doable , can the entire glued-on bit be replaced ? 
  thanks mate !, 
  in the second image , you 'll see that the lower sole is separating from the boot . 
  i can provide more pics if needed . 
  the boots are lowa z6s gts . 
  lowa tells me it 's not repairable . 
  obviously , somebody managed to glue the sole to it in the first place , and it lasted three years of daily wear . 
  i want to do it again ( obviously , cleaning it first ) . 
  i 've tried generic superglue and something which claims to be ` shoe glue ' and they disintegrated after about 20kms . 
  could i do it ? 
  could a cobbler do it ? 
  if that 's not doable , can the entire glued-on bit be replaced ? 
  and he 's also mainly supported by old people who want the opposite as you , and will fuck the younger voters over in a heartbeat if he had to pick . 
  i 'm a centrist . 
  facetiously implying i 'm an sjw just makes you look like an idiot . 
  i appreciate it , but i 'm in the unique situation of being too busy to lose half a day chasing after $ 350 , but really not being able to let it go either : / i 'll go if i have time . 
  did n't name the city ? 
  must be auckland . 
  corner the market and raise the price . 
  same rule applies in real life , too . 
  every other city in new zealand has big green road signs at each major intersection telling you which way to go to get to the next town . 
  but not auckland . 
  that self-important shithole only tells you how to get to other parts of auckland , unless you 're already on the motorway and did n't need the sign anyway . 
  is that you ? 
  do you do cardio ? 
  that 's not how it 's taught at my university . 
  maths is a tool used by engineers . 
  we do it so that when we graduate and get jobs , we can understand what we 're asking the computer to do and why . 
  sounds like your university needs to offer an engineering maths paper instead . 
  that 's how every university does it in new zealand . 
  yeah , i know i 'm doing it wrong . 
  that 's why i need a sign . 
  ` north ' , ` south ' . 
  less seen but maybe worse is when you call from whangarei and people see your caller id and assume you 're an aucklander . 
  for shame !, 
  this is probably something to take on balance . 
  geothermal power is always on , and does n't damage the atmosphere . 
  which is better ? 
  increasing the chance of a catastrophic earthquake ( which will eventually happen anyway ) , or further damage to the atmosphere ? 
  inb4 wind and solar - that does n't work when it 's not sunny or windy , which is often . 
  that guy on the right also eats a million calories a day and shits on the ground . 
  and taking his real estate license would n't be a punishment that fits the crime . 
  make him do community services for a women 's shelter or something . 
  preventing him from selling houses wo n't help the person he hurt or teach him anything . 
  it 's just a waste of legal time when he inevitably appeals . 
  thanks for your help , mate, 
  yep . 
  demand is only going to go up though . 
  unless we figure out a way to set up a hydro dam without messing up the downstream ecosystem , more geothermal will be the way to go . 
  i 'm going to explain this to you a fourth time, 
  get him an air horn . 
  or , if you have access to a 3d printer , print him a hand-crank siren . 
  that 's way too many things to fit in bulls . 
  the locals would be uncomforta-bull . 
  who 's got a list of upgrades i can do to my anet a6 to prevent this ? 
  can you give me a quick brief on changing the stock firmware ? 
  what 's involved ? 
  is it easy ? 
  eyes too . 
  do you floss ? 
  that sounds like the kind of person who would give you a sidequest . 
  kiwi shoes are running shoes , especially when worn with jeans or some other non-exercise gear . 
  are we meant to find the state of the nation funny , paula ? 
  is this punked on a generational scale ? 
  fucking ages i believe, 
  * everyone on here . 
  there 's a good chunk of the population that thinks people with mental illness need to harden up . 
  able to leap demolished buildings in a single bound ... 
  when you meet a vegan pilot who does crossfit , which do they tell you about first ? 
  they have a tiny handful of customers , and their main selling point is launching satellites cheaply . 
  they do n't need to appeal to you . 
  i 'm not a prescriptivist , but you ca n't fuck with technical language like that . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you picked the wrong medium for what you were trying to do there . 
  you should have passed it on to a friend with a video camera . 
  definitely a good point , op . 
  is n't a bcom meant to be easy ? 
  the gang tries to stop the kaiser, 
  i do n't know either , but something about fiddling while rome burns ? 
  yeah , just wondering about travel time . 
  how long does it take to get to the west coast from chch ? 
  is it possible to day hunt , or would it be better to do overnighters ? 
  same question for hamilton , i guess . 
  is it worth day hunting around the ureweras ? 
  less bush , more open country down there , right ? 
  sounds like a good opportunity to rename the town . 
  how does secularburg sound ?
