  every kings student i 've met has been an insufferable wanker . 
  all two of them . 
  i think there 's only slightly more people who would regularly use weed delivery than there are regularly sending letters . 
  and make it illegal to use the mail for advertising , otherwise the boxes will just fill up with rubbish and nobody will collect it . 
  you have the sender put the barcode on as part of the stamp/prepaid envelope . 
  the post office would then scan the barcode when the stamp is sold , and assign a name to it . 
  that way , when the letter is eventually sent it is scanned and notification is sent to the recipient . 
  if the recipient does n't reply to the notification in a certain time period ( a month sounds good , or when the letterbox is full ) it is destroyed . 
  the recipient also has the option to reply and say ` just bin it ' if they do n't recognize the sender . 
  this is good , because if you get notification of something being delivered to your old post office you can get it sent to the nearest one to you instead . 
  opposed to the current system where if you move around often you have to update your details with everyone who wants to send you rubbish . 
  we 'd have to make it illegal to send advertising materials , and get rid of those shit newspapers like the leader that have nothing good in them , or the system will get clogged . 
  more widespread delivery boxes would be good as well . 
  or the option to pay a subscription to have mail delivered . 
  what 's the fraud risk ? 
  see my reply to the dude . 
  i thought it was a good idea . 
  i think there 's a way to automate that . 
  just redesign envelopes in such a way that machines can open them , and then check they scanned ok and incinerate the letter . 
  brutalism . 
  excellent . 
  cvc helmet and kevlar . 
  i 'm going into battle ... 
  we 're talking about teslas , right ? 
  they have lithium ion batteries . 
  got a source on that ? 
  i find it hard to believe something with that amount of energy density is n't a fire hazard . 
  she just puts it in the fireplace and leaves the door open . 
  personally , i doubt it . 
  distilling water is a very simple process . 
  we could implement it at a household level fairly easily . 
  maybe . 
  but here in new zealand we forget about how underutilized rainwater harvesting is in the rest of the world . 
  look at a country with water issues , such as zambia . 
  their water needs could be met dozens of times over by rainwater . 
  it 's drinkable and plentiful , they just ignore it . 
  other countries do n't need our water . 
  they just need to get their shit together . 
  mate , this is new zealand . 
  the phrase you 're looking for is ` single mothers and local iwi ' . 
  obviously we ca n't just not feed the kids , but is there some way to instil some personal responsibility in people ? 
  it 's not good to squirt out offspring you ca n't support , but people do it anyway . 
  are hamilton and rotorua gangy ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  but it 's got a fuckload of energy in it and being a capacitor it can dump it out pretty much instantaneously . 
  so it 's not flammable , but it can start fires quite well . 
  is it ? 
  i see it pop up on the local buy/sell pages pretty regularly . 
  we do n't make a fucking thing locally . 
  it would really benefit the country if we did . 
  serious question , what do i do with my sunnies when i go inside to not look douchey ? 
  it all seems to offend someone . 
  people with the most birthdays tend to live the longest . 
  i have , but they complain about it all the same . 
  out of interest , what was the maori stance on homosexuality ? 
  there 's heaps of fun activities that do n't involve alcohol . 
  try sport . 
  if you do n't have a background , pick one that 's easy to learn like squash . 
  what 's wrong with a cbr ? 
  the board is divided on that one . 
  i often wonder if massey has a lower suicide rate because the buildings are n't as tall as other campuses . 
  alright , it 's been 14 hours and i ca n't figure out what rhymes with nest lay . 
  is it best pay ? 
  pest way ? 
  i 'm finding it hard to believe that creating a 20k financial annual liability has no bearing on getting out of poverty . 
  he 's successfully overthrown the government with the military 50 % of the times that he 's tried . 
  true . 
  never thought of it that way . 
  not my style though , i 'm not going to spend my best years waiting for my worst . 
  i wish the government endorsed my drug habit, 
  this idea that you 're something different from the british is hilarious . 
  you 're a former colony , just like the others . 
  sincerely , the rest of the world . 
  and a block made in 1980 attaches to a block made yesterday with no issues . 
  and a block made in 1980 attaches to a block made yesterday with no issues . 
  re that one : clothes on or near heater , heater switch within reach of bed . 
  we just ca n't work out how to build fucking houses . 
  and you can stop/start whenever you want if you run out of money . 
  go fruit picking , go flying , go shearing , go flying , pop over to the mines , go flying ... 
  must have worked for spark . 
  not when the heater is off , or when you 're sitting there watching it . 
  it 's one of those dangerous things you should never do that is n't really that dangerous and you will totally do . 
  i 'm under the impression messenger does horrible shit like brings up your facebook picture on other people 's phone when you call them . 
  political science is n't a science . 
  it 's a pogue unit patch . 
  pro tip : disable windows update entirely by opening the ` settings ' control ( search for it ) , finding windows update , selecting properties and disabling it . 
  and how we suck at building houses !, 
  houses need heat , insulation , at least two power points in every room !, 
  like obesity ? 
  pretty significant burden on the medical system . 
  exactly that . 
  and it requires resets and interrupts me often . 
  it worked out of the box . 
  updates do n't make things better , but they do make them worse and temperamental . 
  in the last few update cycles i 've had wake-up issues , onenote crashes and freezes , pen detection issues ... 
  it 's my device , i 'll do what i want . 
  it wastes the time of skilled medical personnel . 
  instead of being available for me , they 're treating self inflicted issues . 
  yep, 
  what 's this ?
