  a shotgun for birds and up - close , a .22 for little things like rabbits , and a centerfire for far away big things . 
  this title sounds like a mad lib, 
  those are both pretty competitive fields . 
  nobody knows . 
  glass ceiling in the way . 
  if it 's your absolute first attempt , just buy the packet flavours . 
  still spirits gin enhancer is pretty legit . 
  let me guess : you 're running a t500 kit with all the surplus bits and bobs ? 
  nah , fuck the tape . 
  you wo n't be the grey man if you come up with the idea to put all the coathangers the same distance apart . 
  you 'll be the thruster . 
  an important distinction to make at the start of every task you 're given : is this task the means to an end , or activity for the sake of activity ? 
  in the first case , streamline !, 
  cut out the nebulous shit and just get the job done . 
  in the second case , just do what you 're told in the way you were told to do it , even when it 's stupid . 
  your time is being wasted for some reason beyond your control , not to actually achieve anything . 
  room inspections are entirely the second case . 
  they tell you everything you need to know and do . 
  just get on with people . 
  if that 's your only source , take that with a grain of salt , op . 
  the army is chock full of rumours , especially about things changing . 
  please keep me posted !, 
  yeah pretty sure . 
  mine is ` what a dumb purchase ' . 
  i did n't know bill murray was a us president, 
  new zealand , uk , australia it 's not . 
  neither is damn . 
  that sounds like something from a puritanical , religious shithole like the usa . 
  nobody in the developed world cares about religious sensibilities any more . 
  damn and hell as curse words have gone the way of the imperial system . 
  but uneducated , fat loudmouths do ? 
  must be something in the corn syrup . 
  overcomplicated . 
  three fonts and two scrolls ? 
  that 's a good start . 
  4/10 handwriting tho ... 
  they 're only kinda shooters , but world of tanks and war thunder are free . 
  there 's pay features , but you can still play just fine without them . 
  just try not to engage with the community , they can be a bit toxic . 
  i used to play them because they 're a lot like regular shooters , but because they 're slower you get to try weird strategies and stuff without getting sniped by some mouth breather who plays fps all day instead of working . 
  good call on the weight loss . 
  you were dangerously close to louis ck . 
  pretty impressive gains too . 
  factorio, 
  she asked how it 's going , not how it started going, 
  ` get off my plane ! ', 
  i put up a thread a while ago asking how gen x was doing . 
  lots of stuff came up that sorta answers your question . 
  yeah it 's ok . people think it 's full of skinheads but it totally is n't . 
  not for over ten years . 
  that 's when i lived in chch and found it was n't full of skinheads . 
  i fucked up . 
  i 'm 23 . 
  living in the past ... 
  good enough ? 
  they 're both quite pretty . 
  cheers . 
  thanks mate, 
  thank you !, 
  cheers . 
  better keep hitting the gym i suppose, 
  i get that it 's hard , but these fake buttons have been on your site since 2014 ... 
  nah , i like the floating values . 
  maybe round to 2dp . 
  it 's good to know exactly how much you 're overshooting . 
  can this mining base support this tiny factory that only needs to work some of the time ? 
  but what 's the point of sending a soldier on a training ex if you 're not going to deply him because he 's gone in a month ? 
  so have i , different country though . 
  in my experience if they like you , it goes smoothly . 
  if they do n't , they put you on every pointless work party because your welfare is now irrelevant . 
  go learn . 
  it 's easy . 
  you can get at least a bachelor 's level of maths skills just by reading maths is fun and khan academy . 
  i 'm bad at maths too , i.e. 
  i do n't pick it up quickly . 
  i 'm studying engineering . 
  that just means i need to read ahead and work hard . 
  she 's pretty !, 
  thanks, 
  she looks good as she is . 
  could do younger as well though . 
  but american corporations will be able to sue new zealand !, 
  for me it 's the bread to meat ratio . 
  there 's plenty of breadcrumbs in your average sausage already , why would you add a bun 's worth of bread ? 
  and they 're brown instead of an unnerving neon colour, 
  just came to aussie from nz , have driven in a few other places . 
  you 're not that bad . 
  imagine if all your roads were windy and narrower , and the trucks had to go 10km/h slower for some fucking reason . 
  and every time we try to have a reasonable discussion about putting the speed limit up to 120 on the three roads in the country where it 's not like that , everyone freaks the fuck out because they 're afraid to do that in their 1991 toyota starlet . 
  and then you get the absolute bullshit that people seem to think it 's safe to overtake with less than 5 km/h speed difference ... 
  first line in wikipedia . 
   a sausage is a food usually made from ground meat , often pork , beef or veal , along with salt , spices and ** breadcrumbs ** , with a skin around it . 
  finding it hard to believe this is n't common in the usa . 
  i am an oxymoron, 
  watchoutfordebomps, 
  shitty english people food - dry roast meat , boiled veg . 
  lamb chops if you 're lucky . 
  the current generation eats very different stuff to our grandparents . 
  70 % of the population speaks un-welsh . 
  it 's like welsh , but it 's not actually a language .
