  it 's not . 
  i refuse to rebuy the old flavours quickly . 
  the new flavours are shit , but if i run down and buy the old flavours up when they reappear , they 'll just think they can do it again . 
  if he decides to do that , we know he wo n't be doing the killing with a [ hammer ] ( http://imgur.com/kyg17q5 ), 
  what 's the upkeep on the lead acid batteries ? 
  could n't you just replace the acid ? 
  i suppose lead plates are easy to replace , but if you 're replacing the plates and the acid you might as well replace the battery . 
  this is a stolen from someone else but :, 
  do n't search for motivation . 
  strive for discipline . 
  hey , can you let me know how that goes ? 
  i 'm interested in learning the language and want to have a crack at it , but i do n't want to do a cultural immersion type thing , because it 's not my culture . 
  i do n't want to sing , dance , eat boil-up or make art . 
  it 's a wonderful culture , but i want to appreciate it , not participate . 
  that look seems to work just fine for some people . 
  2 days, 
  i wo n't actually get to this in two days , but i 'll order the parts then . 
  how urgently do you want to know how to make it ? 
  i asked how to disable automatic updates . 
  i got a series of people telling me it was a bad idea , so i installed linux . 
  bear in mind this machine is used to draw pictures and email them , so even if it is compromised , no big deal . 
  but no , someone might steal my shitty doodles , so reddit has to inform me of the risks . 
  i 've had many . 
  how do you avoid them ? 
  do you just not use the computer ? 
   as perfect as your personality allows, 
  then make it more perfect . 
  send improvement is not masturbation . 
  do n't take this personally , but if that comment is your usual standard of writing , you need to improve your written communication skills . 
  is that printer any good ? 
  if you 're an engineering student , you do n't need a lift . 
  for less than 100 dollars you can make a frame for a ratcheting crane . 
  it seems suspiciously cheap though . 
  i was told that any printer less than 100 dollars is n't worth it . 
  all the main points have been covered , but i 'll add another . 
  afv fighting doctrine recommends using depressions and ridges as cover . 
  in practice , this is usually pretty easy . 
  a good crew commander will adopt a gun - up position for firing , and a binos up position fire spotting and appreciating the ground . 
  so the armour does n't need to be as strong as you think . 
  i 'm neutral . 
  all of israel 's neighbours attempt to destroy it from time to time . 
  but on the other hand , israel arguably should n't be there in the first place . 
  there 's one argument that i always present to pro-israel people : why do n't you just move ? 
  buy a few pacific islands , or a bit of western australia , or an empty bit of canada or the usa . 
  i 've yet to hear a coherent answer . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i 'm also sure you 're incorrect , at least here in new zealand . 
  having a hobby is a big indicator of technical skill in something , especially if the employer shares the hobby . 
  it also gives you a talking point and an opportunity to prove you 're not autistic . 
  parts are on the way from china . 
  my comment the last time this came up :, 
  if he wants it to go faster , tell him to install cyanogenmod . 
  it 's quite easy to install on an s3 . 
  and he might accidently learn something . 
  he 'll be the envy of all his classmates with his super slick , customisable device . 
  then he could make a new case for it on tinkercad ( which is free ) and have it 3d printed at the local library ( about a dollar ) . 
  he could put one of those special letter ss on it that the kids love . 
  when life gives you lemons , something something better lemons . 
  i 'm not a parent , but there 's probably a lesson in the above somewhere . 
  you 'd think the israelis would be the last people to accuse nz of a maori genocide . 
  it kinda cheapens the term . 
  quit your kvetching . 
  just go do it . 
  do n't wreck the environment and do n't die or inconvenience anybody and nobody will care . 
  it 's not even an effective genocide . 
  denying maori adequate healthcare would kill them after they 've already bred . 
  i do n't own a tesla . 
  is there a big , obvious , instantaneously available button or something to disable automatic braking if it should occur in the wrong situation ? 
  or is it hardwired in ? 
  or do i need to open up a menu on a computer or something ? 
  yeah , except the holdens are better . 
  i would like to know more !, 
  that 's not true . 
  they vaguely approximate those drinks , but that 's a happy accident . 
  haha what was he supposed to say ? 
  a 5-10 km difference in speed is too slow to pass safely imo . 
  i suppose i 'll have to buy one and answer my own question, 
  like this :, 
  i only ever get the serialised ones that use 4 wires . 
  they 're not really much more expensive , and playing with 16 possible wires was a once-only thing for me . 
  look inside all of your books . 
  that 's the place for sneaky money . 
  darkies ^ / s, 
  you take fucking responsibility . 
  accept that talent is n't shit past novice level , and strive for discipline . 
  passion is a fair-weather friend . 
  inspiration and motivation do n't exist . 
  if you ca n't push forward when you 're hating life , you wo n't succeed . 
  create discipline , and always plan . 
  in academics , push ahead . 
  nothing to do ? 
  read the slides for next week . 
  do next week 's tutorials . 
  brain exhausted ? 
  hit the gym until you can sleep . 
  repeat until the end of the semester , then party like a mother fucker . 
   an exponential amount, 
  i do n't think you deserve credit for not being shit . 
  you have to actually be good to get that . 
  c = collector 's license .
