  second worst . 
  letting agents are worse . 
  yeah , and there 's lead paint on my crack pipe !, 
  good thinking . 
  i 'll be able to protect myself from chemtrails, 
  fuck , thought i had an original idea . 
  what do you shake your heads at the millenials for ? 
  are we just going through the same thing you went through , or is it really as bad as they say ? 
  that 's nearly the plot of two and a half men . 
  i get where you 're coming from with the self-entitled , selfish thing . 
  i mean , i pretty much forgot that gen x even existed . 
  we 're pretty self absorbed too , every one of us has something to say . 
  i think you 're off with some of the rest of your stuff though . 
  nothing that happens to today 's generation of schoolkids is because of the schoolkids . 
  it 's their parents . 
  if you do n't like the coddling , why did you ask for it to happen ? 
  and what kind of a trade is that ? 
  i get it easier in school , so i should have to rent for my whole life ? 
  i 'm too young enough to remember the politics of the 90s , but old enough to remember the cartoons . 
  when i was in school , adhd was pretty new ( i think ) , medication for it did n't exist until around the time i finished . 
  ptsd was for soldiers . 
  wedgies , detentions and binning existed and happened . 
  dunny flushing existed , but i do n't remember if it was ever more than a joke/threat . 
  bullying got both parties a stern talking to , but no actual results . 
  iphones did n't exist in any meaningful way until i was at university . 
  if a millennial is old enough to attempt to buy a house or experience the shitty job market , this is what they grew up with . 
  it was n't shitty , but it was n't awesome either . 
  hit and miss mate . 
  i reckon business innovation is a bit easier . 
  however , funding and red tape are probably bigger hurdles than they once were . 
  the housing bubble in auckland is probably a bit of an issue if you want to live there , but fuck auckland . 
  push the whole thing into the harbour for all i care . 
  agree with the rest of your stuff though . 
  i thought that for a while . 
  i had freshly dropped out of university and signed up for the benefit . 
  i had about 900 dollars to my name , and bought a car so i could get a job ( because let 's face it , you ca n't really use public transport in most of the country ) . 
  the first minimum wage job i could get was working at a dominoes pizza , so i got off the benefit in a fit of pride and jumped into the minimum wage workforce . 
  hours ranged from 9 to 50 a week , and it was hand to mouth . 
  i was flush , but only just . 
  then i crashed the car ( which i could n't afford to fix ) . 
  hours dropped to the point where i could n't support myself , and i went back on the benefit ( worse off than i was when i started ) . 
  this is anecdotal , but i 'm pretty sure this is why people ` wo n't ' take minimum wage jobs . 
  me too , just quietly . 
  i do n't actually know if jobs are harder to get , i never had the experience of job hunting in the 90s . 
  there 's certainly a lot of no-future jobs out there - i 've definitely had a few jobs with no prospect for advancement and no chance of any fun apart from a box of piss every third saturday . 
  not sure if that 's new or not , i suspect it 's not . 
  in the world according to grouse , the reason the housing and job market is so fucked up is because every cunt wants to buy a bunch of houses and live off rent , and that 's just what they did . 
  i sure wish they 'd started businesses instead . 
  number 3 's a bit of a broad sweep . 
  i do n't want a house right now . 
  right now what i want is the means to educate myself to get a good job to maybe one day buy a house and start a business . 
  e : undid shouting, 
  i suppose on an infinite timescale everybody will eventually have everything they need , and nobody will ever be able to make anything new because it all already exists . 
  or we 'll all die . 
  that sounds pretty shit . 
  what would you have us do to make it easier for you ? 
  what can we do to not end up in the same situation ? 
  i 'm doing well enough these days to not have to worry about a job where i would be offered a zero hour/casual contract . 
  i 'd have to ask some of my less fortunate friends . 
  i hear countdown/progressives treats their employees pretty well , they offered me over 20 an hour as a starting rate not long ago . 
  that sounds like a bit of me . 
  any advice for chasing careers overseas ? 
  would n't dream of it , at least until my late 30s at the rate things are going . 
  it just would n't be responsible . 
  fuck that 's dumb . 
  i hate it when issues get polarised like this . 
  you get to choose !, 
  edit : it 's all made up bullshit anyway . 
  my partner is really , really skilled in retail ( former manager , more than 6 years in the industry ) . 
  ca n't find a job here ( part time does n't count ) . 
  instead , she telecommutes , which could be done from anywhere . 
  or clear/very slightly yellow . 
  go snowboarding and you 'll find out :(, 
  ncos do n't use paragraphs !, 
  dude , fuck that . 
  i can hardly afford to feed myself . 
  we do n't want it !, 
  because you have a pocket of air in your stomach instead of food, 
  need an asian quarter to do that kind of maths . 
  they 're awesome books , but definitely aimed at kids . 
  at least in the first book , the main character is very much a boy ( and kind of a wuss ) . 
  he grows up and undergoes a whole arc as the story progresses . 
  it 's alright after that . 
  if you ca n't make this work , you might want to try the dark tower series . 
   he 's fucking useless, 
  definitely agree . 
  that 's what threw me . 
  it 's just hard to keep going when the main character cries because the world is scary . 
  that 's not halal, 
  your knife has a butt plug on it, 
  but most of our meat is slaughtered that way to appease some stupid stone-age religion, 
  the ones in nz never get my actual speed ( too small a target ? ) . 
  they usually err on the low side though . 
  what kind of a nonce carries his tool roll on the outside ? 
  stow it away like everyone else !, 
  so it 's the carbine karbin ? 
  so if i used one of [ these ] ( https://media.midwayusa.com/productimages/880x660/alt5/799/img_0002.jpg ) , it would be my carbine karbin karabiner ? 
  then why is rhq filled with old cunts who ca n't be retreaded any more ? 
  not when you 're talking about flour, 
  to be fair though , if you 're an all-round shooter you really need three guns .
