  source : am longboarder, 
  so a short note then . 
  hey man , not a harley guy ( just a general bike guy ) but i had a similar issue with my suzuki . 
  you could make a new air filter from uni filter foam , and a new air box by either 3d printing or attaching an appropriate anchor to a flat container that fits in your space . 
  hope you get it sorted . 
  is that a salute , an impending knife hand , or a karate chop ? 
  no you fucking do n't, 
  salvia is only legal cause nobody likes it enough to abuse it . 
  if they break if by fucking around with sudo access or system wide settings , i 'll probably be impressed enough to fix it . 
  i want to encourage tinkering to some degree . 
  cheers though mate , good advice . 
  lubuntu was what i went with . 
  cheers . 
  i know absolutely nothing about that . 
  what 's the file system like ? 
  here in new zealand , if something is frequently mispronounced or misspelled , it 's called an americanism . 
  would n't that put their penises in nigeria ? 
  that 's blazeityolo * 420 * to you !, 
  ` he 's giving him a blow job . 
  i do n't know why they 're there . 
  people do weird things for fun . 
  probably a fetish ' . 
  explanation accomplished . 
  i think the true answer is somewhere in the middle . 
  it could look something like this :, 
  the government determines how many graduates it needs to produce ( and required majors ) , and universities are funded for their share of students . 
  they take the best ones fees free , the good ones are subsidised , the crap ones have to pay the current price . 
  each year the students ' fees are reevaluated based on performance . 
  adult entrants can take a test to determine where they fit into the scheme . 
  scholarships for minorities etc continue as normal . 
  link ? 
  he was probably looking for someone . 
  or just ask what he 's up to ? 
  i 'd be a little insulted if i turned up somewhere and people assumed i was there to rob the place . 
  he was probably just lost . 
  it happens . 
  probably more often than burglaries . 
  either have lots of money , or lots of skills , or have no car . 
  stick a sheet of tinfoil over the antenna when you 're on your own time . 
  the antenna will be a small square or dome a bit bigger than a matchbox . 
  it will be somewhere that sees the sky , usually the dash . 
  e : or pry it off the dash ( leaving the wire still attached ) and poke it inside an empty cigarette box ( leaving the foil intact ) . 
  i getcha , but the description does n't sound like he 's dangerous ( what kind of criminal cares about traffic safety ? 
  ever see an orange mongel mob patch ? ) . 
  i mean , he 's probably not comfortable having the cops called on him . 
  ask who he is through a window or something . 
  or use a safety chain . 
  be alert , but remember hanlon 's razor . 
  is he only scary because he 's on a bike ? 
  thanks, 
  i am utilising this terrain , therefore it is my equipment . 
  works for the usmc, 
  * lungs crippled *, 
  nah but if you can read , you can get the skills . 
  i 'm alright to drive , i 'm just tanned !, 
  does this happen often ? 
  * takes up home brewing, 
  you 're probably slightly impaired for about as long as a hangover , but it can be in your system for months if you 're a fatty . 
  the scary thing imo is that is makes you feel good every time you have it , and the ` hangover ' makes you dumb but does n't make you feel like crap . 
  and there 's sleep deprivation effects . 
  so ( for me , anyway ) there 's a very real potential for abuse there . 
  yeah for sure . 
  this is a side effect of other societal issues . 
  there 's no one answer . 
  as if passing a music final will have any impact on your life, 
  i had a barrel of assault rifles in my house in 3 . 
  the rest of the first world does it ok . only the usa sucks at it . 
   first world, 
  i was talking more about the social welfare side of things than the drug policy . 
  while his mate sits there and casually reads, 
  why did n't he just use the excavator to make a nice ramp ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  does n't really celebrate christmas , mandatory party . 
  worst of both worlds, 
  haha maybe . 
  this is a distant relative on another island . 
  if they ca n't learn how to handle it , fuck 'em . 
  except that one that makes sandwiches, 
  depends if he 's 100 kilos of fat or 100 kilos of muscle . 
  what 's the difference between family and whanau ? 
  i thought they were equivalent . 
  and they 're yuck . 
  to flavour the meat , you feed the roo a steady diet of vb for a few months . 
  i 'm about to go shoot a goose for christmas . 
  tips on cooking ? 
   takes longer, 
  if you shave daily , you can have a cut - free shave in less than 3 mins easily . 
  it 's because you only change the head monthly . 
  i have very coarse , thick facial hair and shave daily . 
  i need a new blade weekly . 
  but i love watching skiers eat shit !, 
  snowboarders usually slide gracefully along on their back/bum . 
  skiers explode into a million pieces of poles and powder and skis everywhere !, 
  you fall off skateboards more than you fall off roller skates too , but one is definitely cooler than the other . 
  i high beam if i 'm approaching a car from the side and i have the right of way . 
  i 'd rather irritate them a bit than risk them pulling out in front of me and stopping like car drivers do when they realise they 're in the wrong . 
  what 's the kaupapa on motorbikes in the bike box ? 
  i do it in one particular spot . 
  there 's never more than one cyclist , and the sensor wo n't pick me up . 
  moving into the bike box encourages the car behind me to come up and sit on the sensor .
