  my old csm used to say it all the time and i cbf fact checking him . 
  hahaha no , your point does n't stand . 
  if you 're in a 5-man flat in palmy it 's about $ 70 a week for rent , other expenses take it up to $ 140 . 
  i 'm living on less than $ 200 and i 'm in a 2 bedroom in the city center . 
  i have mates in christchurch that live ( not as comfortably as me ) on $ 200 a week . 
  hamilton is n't much more expensive than palmy , and dunedin 's cheaper than chch . 
  even if ` tertiary training options ' is only taken to include universities ( which excludes dozens of vocational training institutions , polytechs etc ) , you still have to ignore 5/8 of them to make this ' $ 200 is not liveable ' point . 
  sure mate , if you 're giving out awards to chancellors for ` best university ' then auckland would be most deserving . 
  but that 's not a useful metric for a student because it 's judged holistically on everything the university does . 
  let 's say i 'm an engineering student looking at auckland . 
  the factors that go into making it ` best university ' are things like the quality of the school of humanities , the careers support for law grads , number of nobel laureates in the history department , the research done by the social sciences department etc. 
  an engineering student should n't give a shit about any of these things . 
  an even better example : vic often ranks higher than canterbury , and vic hardly offers engineering at all ( they offer three different computer-centric engineering degrees . 
  i 'd be surprised if you ever had to pick up a tool , or even study physics ) . 
  hardly justification for living in an overcrowded shithole . 
  what 's to stop me from ordering pizza delivered to my neighbour 's house and then flipping it over when it comes down my street ? 
  and turners will just take half your money . 
  at least they wo n't try to molest you . 
  definitely agree there . 
  your down voters must be hopeless romantics . 
  i 'm now going to do this every time there 's a character with a name i do n't like . 
  roses are red , violets are glorious, 
  never sneak up on oscar pistorious, 
  ftl faster than light, 
  the sub looks pretty chill but there 's a few circlejerks you just ca n't fight . 
  cool , i have a few scars on my bike that need mending . 
  this acetone/abs method should work really well . 
  congrats , reddit has become self-aware . 
  you 're growing up !, 
  1 week, 
  for fuck 's sakes ... that 's not what alot means , and the speech marks are completely unnecessary . 
  i do n't normally bother mentioning things like that , but you 're making yourself look like an idiot . 
  how did a t90 fare against a tow ? 
  hahaha i 'm just imagining them making a big rumbly v8 sound as they ` idle ' . 
  100 % certified organic ? 
  they reckon the average man changes career three times in his life . 
  sounds like working construction during the boom and retraining for another industry at the end would have been a safe bet . 
  got something against ice hockey , mate ? 
  sounds like your problem stems from living in auckland . 
  as far as i know , there 's nothing offered by auckland that ca n't be studied elsewhere . 
  it sure as hell looks better than cricket , soccer or league . 
  `` no excuse blaming truck drivers for not knowing how to drive is going to win friends with me . '', 
  what the fuck is he trying to say ? 
  that 's not a sentence , that 's just a collection of words . 
  do n't have kids if you ca n't afford to feed them . 
  just wait a few years until you can . 
  i would have really liked a plain black flag with a white stylised kiwi in the middle . 
  the french flag would be far better with a rooster on it . 
  the french flag is crap . 
  it 's just three stripes . 
  it looks like something you 'd put outside a barber shop , or a sideways russian flag . 
  point taken . 
  are you saying it should n't be a picture of something we like ? 
  what about the flags of kenya , canada , palau , japan , the soviet union and barbados ? 
  they 're all ' a pic of something [ they ] like ' , and they 're awesome flags . 
  got a fuckin problem with monkey butt , mate ? 
  if only we could get some other holidays . 
  being manageable does n't mean it 's not stupid . 
  me , like five minutes ago, 
  it 's still a pleasing yellow dot that looks like the sun though . 
  we could say the kiwi is a symbol but it still looks like a kiwi . 
  maybe it 's just my taste then . 
  i think the kenyan flag is the second best of the bunch . 
  they kinda frame it like an untraceable gun is a sawn - off weapon with the serial number removed . 
  it 's really just a second hand gun . 
  the store takes your details when you buy a gun and records it along with the serial number . 
  when you sell it , you 're meant to keep a record of the buyer and his license . 
  most people do n't keep a record or lose it after a few months . 
  kinda lost credibility when he referred to mssa rifles as ` high powered ' , and made a comparison to the amount of firepower used in paris . 
  alright ... 
  they 're wearing sunglasses because they always get emotional at weddings, 
  gun control is one of those hot-button issues frequently discussed by people who know nothing about guns or the current legislation in general , and it 's a scary enough topic that it always gets attention . 
   should new zealand become a republic ? 
  yes . 
  you have the right to remain silent . 
  you have the right to representation ... 
  nothing . 
  it 's entirely idealism . 
  i do n't like england , i do n't like the queen , i do n't like the concept of monarchy , i do n't think being born into a position of power is in keeping with our egalitarian views , i do n't like the monarch 's ties to religion , i do n't like people thinking we 're diet england , and i do n't like tying our national identity to them on any level . 
  i especially do n't like the idea that you can be born into a position where you can do fuck-all and live the life of the rich and famous , and do n't want to endorse it . 
  if you look at it from an entirely practical standpoint , you 're right . 
  there 's no point fixing a system that is n't broken . 
  becoming a republic today would be a costly exercise and achieve nothing . 
  when we work out how to do it cheaply and effectively , we should do it . 
  ah , the old ` it 's too expensive ! ', 
  argument . 
  nothing else fails to get the general public all riled up . 
  no , but in this case an old fashioned thing is also bad . 
  i 'd like to replace the southern cross with a second union jack , just to piss off the uk . 
  it 's not wrong , either . 
  but if i had to make an ` opposition party whinging ' bingo card , it would be right in the middle . 
  aw , get out of it . 
  i 'm actually boringly normal . 
  i wish i got to hang out selling seashells every day . 
  our heritage should be exactly that - heritage . 
  part of our history . 
  that 's no reason for it to be part of our identity today . 
  semi related , it cracks me up when i send a liquid ( nice bottle of wine or something ) and they tell me i 'm liable if it breaks and damages something else . 
  bitch , i payed cash and there 's no sender address . 
  good luck finding me !,
