  attestation is the point at which you 're in . 
  ` at my attestation i became a member of the armed forces ', 
  you 'd probably appreciate british comedy then . 
  british comic characters suck at life and it 's funny . 
  american comic characters always win in the end . 
  as a democratic society you are entirely responsible for your government . 
  you may not be responsible for the current situation , but you are responsible for fixing it . 
  day three for the army . 
  you 're weird . 
  i 've used the nz iw . 
  what 's so bad about it for close combat , and how is that solved by getting an ar15 ? 
  weed, 
  any of those subreddit exchanges planned soon ? 
  like the one we had with canada a while ago ? 
  they 're fun . 
  this was a hilarious exchange, 
  it 's a complex issue . 
  on one hand , people should be able to do whatever they want when it does n't hurt other people . 
  on the other hand , i 'm not sure if these women actually want to be wearing these things . 
  can we consider the ` choice ' to wear them an actual choice when they 're raised in a religious environment ? 
  in my impossibly ideal world , people would be allowed to wear burqa if they want , but religious indoctrination would also be banned . 
   would you force a nun out of her habit ? 
  i 'm not sure nuns have the secular upbringing necessary to make an educated decision either . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  what text book ? 
  maybe not , but the current system does n't provide an accurate picture . 
  if your household income is 56000 but you live freehold in twizel , you can provide more support for your children than a household who earns 100000 annually but spends it all on other children and a mortgage . 
  do not go down the ` mature student looking for accomodation ' road at 19 . 
  you 're six months to a year older than those who came straight from school . 
  ` mature students ' are training for their second or third career . 
  english is an art appreciation course from year 10 on . 
  you can totally get excellence without being able to spell correctly now . 
  so did i. 
  7th form syllabus for me was shakespeare , angela 's ashes and a film . 
  consume , appreciate and discuss for all of the above by writing essays . 
  there was no persuasive writing , and no technical writing . 
  if you were n't artistic , it was shit . 
  but they do n't teach you to fix it . 
  upper sprocket !, 
  the maori invented trench warfare, 
  the truth probably lies somewhere in the middle . 
  some kiwis are useless and unemployable , but a lot of them are hard workers who are underpaid or unemployed . 
  i was under the impression that urinalysis was the way to go , because you could n't prove the hair came from that employee 's head or something . 
  fuck that 's a bit much . 
  surely that 's something the employee should be liable for . 
  hey mate , you got down voted , but i thought you brought something really cool to the table . 
  keep on keeping on !, 
  who invented trench warfare ? 
  i 've always wanted to build because i 've lived in shitty nz rentals my whole life , what makes building so expensive ? 
  i know nothing . 
  go into as much or as little detail as you 'd like . 
  please and thanks . 
  would it be possible to use an already - approved plan ? 
  another one i 've heard is that maori are the only culture not to use a mind - altering drug , never invented the spade , and never invented the sling or the bow . 
  how true are they ? 
  if someone asked me too fuck their face i 'd probably be stoked . 
  let 's keep it civil , bud, 
  do n't call me pal , friend !, 
  that 's not rugby, 
  how well does that work ? 
  what kind of batteries are you using ? 
  really ? 
  hangovers cause anxiety ? 
  that explains a lot . 
  cheers, 
  i was there a few days ago . 
  the whole city is very brutalist . 
  kiwi here : disagree with number 7 . 
  americans queue better than indians , but nowhere near as good as australians , brits or canadians . 
  the colonies all drive on the left , except the usa . 
  moons is months m80, 
  this is wrong . 
  silver fern farms in nz has a machine for disassembling sheep . 
  correction : klaus, 
  self post of a gallery link with one image in it ... 
  like [ this ] ( https://www.google.com.au/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=%23&amp;ved=0ahukewj3iks36p7oahwgppqkhri6dl4qwqsbccewaa&amp;usg=afqjcnf1shlk2z9qix28jtvfngp_ulkifa ), 
  first degree , second career for me . 
  this is easy . 
  it 's a big game of ` are you more disciplined than a 19 year old ' . 
  i have a bit of a past life . 
  if i ca n't find a job that 's going to get me engineering experience i 'll just cross credit my old work and go work for someone that actually pays me . 
  is it that hard to find something relevant as a first year ? 
  faaaaark . 
  that 's pretty shithouse . 
  yeah i did start applying in july . 
  and i have some useful skills already . 
  got some limited good feedback . 
  just looking to cast the net wider . 
  mostly looking for advice on pay , really . 
  no , palmerton north exists . 
  who ever heard of somebody getting depressed about something that does n't exist ? 
  where do we find what 's open for submissions ? 
  sounds a bit more productive than bitching about it in r/nz . 
  any examples of it making a difference ? 
  do you get to see what the result of the submission is ? 
  i do n't mind either practical or professional summer work , but i 'd rather not do anything software-only . 
  i 'm studying mechatronics , so there 's a pretty broad range of applicable work . 
  how did you manage to save money by baking bread ? 
  no matter how i slice it , it 's always cheaper to grab the 99 cent multigrain from pakies . 
  can we have a psa that it 's ok to do a u-turn at a roundabout ?
