  i bet it 's an effective place to advertise . 
  going on a bit of a tangent here , but you seem to be in the know ... 
  did maori have any intoxicants ? 
  as far as i know they are the only society that did n't find or develop a mind altering substance . 
  any news ? 
  so ... drug related , armed lunatic or other ? 
  taking all bets . 
  1 week, 
  dust buster . 
  useful as fuck . 
  christchurch . 
  so chops does n't like chops ? 
  for anybody curious , juno is due to arrive in july . 
  it 's just a joke , mate . 
  lighten up . 
  you do n't have the right to not be offended . 
  grow a thicker skin . 
  exactly . 
  got a truck license as a perk of my old job . 
  looked at driving full time when the job finished up . 
  when i saw the conditions , hours , personal liability and lifestyle truckers have to lead - no thanks . 
  when you have to work 90 hour weeks you 're basically trading your health for money , and not really learning any useful skills to change careers either . 
  and it has nothing that you ca n't experience better in an overseas city , and no natural beauty you ca n't experience in the rest of the country . 
  except any given hill in northland . 
  takes forever to unwrap the sinew from my drive shaft . 
  skateboard ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's my go-to drinking vehicle . 
  especially since i mostly go on the footpath . 
  new zealand is a constitutional monarchy , but the monarch does n't do anything , and there 's no constitution . 
  yeah i know , i live there . 
  in this case , the queen and the governor general do sweet fuck all . 
  do n't live in wellington then . 
  seriously . 
  everybody just stop living in wellington and auckland . 
  i agree with most of that . 
  a ubi is n't a practical solution , there just is n't enough money . 
  but people on the benefit are n't all druggie bludgers . 
  they 're between jobs . 
  most people are off the benefit within a year . 
  it 's there to support the unemployed . 
  sure , if we had an equal proportion of poor and rich . 
  sounds like you 'd have to lower the classification of ` rich ' to the point where experienced tradesmen and skilled university graduates would be considered rich ( 60k annually ) . 
  palmerston north , dunedin , hamilton ( just ) and christchurch if you play your cards right . 
  include large polytechnics and you have blenheim and whangarei as well , and more . 
  and that 's just off the top of my head . 
  dunedin 's pretty much the best place for medicine , so afterwards you practice medicine ( anywhere in the country , tokoroa if you want ) . 
  palmy 's the best place for vets , so you go work in one of the dozens of rural centers ( probably not auckland ... ) . 
  palmy also has food tech ( the best in the country ) , nursing , engineering ( pretty good ) and all of the sciences . 
  christchurch has the best engineering university . 
  depending on your major , you work anywhere in the country that requires engineers ( admittedly , probably not tokoroa ) . 
  engineering is too broad a field to quantify like that . 
  i do n't know shit about hamilton , but it offers all of the big subjects and it 's a public university like all the others , so it 's probably pretty good . 
  now let 's look at vic . 
  what does vic do that 's good ? 
  history ? 
  music ? 
  if that 's what you 're going to uni for , your best employment prospect is probably picking carrots anyway . 
  and auckland ? 
  new zealand 's best ranked university ? 
  it 's public , just like all of the other ones . 
  the only reason it 's the best is because it funds the programs equally ( because it 's so big ) . 
  when universities are ranked they take all fields of study into account , but when you go to a university you only study one field at a time . 
  ` best university ' is an irrelevant metric . 
  i know , right ? 
  lots of aucklanders and wellingtonians just discount the rest of the country . 
  just looking around . 
  they 're all careers i 've considered . 
  let me guess , auckland is the best place for medicine ? 
  which uni is the best for med , if not otago or auckland ? 
  the ` past wars ' argument actually really fucks me off , especially because it 's prevalent among today 's soldiers . 
  i thought it was common knowledge that the british sent dozens of our boys to die by getting them to charge into enemy obstacles that had supposedly been cleared . 
  here 's another bit of history for ya : lots of nations have their military police wearing red berets . 
  it 's almost universal . 
  except for us . 
  our mps have blue berets , because the red-beret-wearing british mps executed several of our men for cowardice ( ptsd ) . 
  yet many of our soldiers love the current flag . 
  edit : also the implication that soldiers would die over any emblem is trivialising what they did . 
  as a young voter , i 'm voting for the new flag because when the best is n't available , you pick the one they is n't the worst . 
  i would argue that if the quality of education is the same , otago is better by virtue of not being in auckland . 
  6 months ago they changed from wider army green to their own blue berets , because they are n't a part of the army . 
  they are tri-service and can get posted to ships etc. 
  doubt they changed back so soon . 
  i have no idea what you 're getting at with that quote , but everything about dress embellishments drip bullshit if examined hard enough . 
  there 's equal probability that they just could n't find any red berets at the time . 
   flag is n't a red beret or a union jack, 
  no shit , it 's an example as to why we should drop our affinity with someone else 's queen . 
  and just because we are n't the only nation sent to die does n't make it ok . 
  shhhh ... 
  got a source on that one ? 
  every time someone tells me that they say it 's because ` auckland is the highest ranked university ' , which has pretty much no meaning when you look at it as a student . 
  the ranking takes into account things that are irrelevant to an engineering student , such as the school or humanities and the research done in the physical education department . 
  these contribute to it being a ` top university ' but not to your education . 
  also , what the fuck does ` best recognised overseas ' mean ? 
  all engineering universities give you ipenz recognition , which is recognised by the uk , us , canada and more . 
  48k is not rich . 
  that 's the middle class . 
  the income level you 're meant to be at before you raise a family . 
  i think this would be better in three dimensions , with both of the candidates on the same graph . 
  alright , maybe you 're right .
