  i 'm confident kim jong un has nothing against palmerston north . 
  i should be ok . 
  what 's the deal here ? 
  are they intending to export it to china or something ? 
  london 's pretty close to germany , is n't it ? 
  govern, 
  encourage choosing to live in wellington ? 
  what 's the procedure there ? 
  do police assume they 're dead , or just assume they got out of the bush ? 
  i 'm gon na do it . 
  i 've never been polled , nor do i know anyone that 's ever been polled . 
  pretty much everyone in my demographic keeps odd hours , and does n't have a landline . 
  making a profit from small quantities of drugs is super hard , because there 's so much competition and too muh, 
  logistic cost , i hear . 
  and the green one could be a slender scotsman in a hat, 
  i do n't think there is . 
  a gun is easier to use than a cigarette lighter . 
  can pakeha carry muskets ? 
  did you end up finding it ? 
  he can go closer . 
  how does he wear those headphones ? 
  there 's a theoretical limit to how much energy you can get by swapping electrons from one compound to another , so this might be the best battery we will ever get . 
  a chemical guy could explain it better . 
  we might see capacitor-based storage within our lifetime . 
  this would have better energy storage , but would n't be a battery , 
  if that 's your definition , then yes . 
  but that definition also includes a tank of diesel or a water tower . 
  the term ` battery ' generally refers to a bank of electrochemical power cells . 
   that 's savage . 
  wait , no it 's not !, 
  a capacitor stores energy somewhat magically . 
  it 's just a charge difference between two plates . 
  the ability to store energy is related to how closely you can store the plates without them actually touching . 
  as energy storage , they 're a little bit analogous to pressure cylinders - you need a high voltage to charge them , and you need to regulate the flow somehow when you draw energy from it . 
  if you do n't regulate the flow , you get all the energy at once , which is basically a mini explosion . 
  this also happens if you slightly crush a charged capacitor . 
  capacitors in their most common form are n't used to store energy in a big way . 
  they 're generally used to store and release energy to smooth a signal . 
  does that answer your question ? 
  i 'm more of a ` how ' guy than a ` why ' guy . 
  it 's some funky property that has something to do with the interaction between electricity and magnetism . 
  it 's not to do with ` saving space ' . 
  although , the energy stored increases with the area of the plates , so a bigger cap gives you more energy . 
  you 'll have to do further reading to find out more . 
  i 'm an engineer type guy , not a science type guy . 
  is n't that what the dark web is ? 
  reference their glyphosate policy, 
  edit : have n't read their gm food policy , but it 's probably silly too . 
  anybody know enough to tell me i 'm wrong ? 
  this looks like a job for fusion 360, 
  what the fuck is going on ? 
  ` the secret ' ... take pointy dragon glass , stick onto long heavy stick . 
  * jailposts, 
  those are all terrible reasons to vote !, 
  do they make spotlights that big ? 
  current drones only work effectively when you have perfect air superiority . 
  surface-to-air tech is much easier to develop than air-to-surface tech that can be operated by robots . 
  with all that experience you 'd think bethesda could put together a stable release . 
  i 'm considering changing my mind ... after all their promises to young people , they go and make the maori electorate seats their bottom line ? 
  way to sidestep my demographic , mate . 
  i 'd imagine they 'd be used when intelligence determines it 's morally responsible to kill everything in a given area ( at least , in the form they 'll have in the next ten or twenty years ) . 
  i guess you could use them in situations where you ca n't resupply human soldiers - in situations where landmines would be used 50 years ago . 
  if your killer robot is solar powered , then you 'd only need to resupply it when it runs out of bullets . 
  i think a lot of people are knee-jerking on this one . 
  ` killer robots ' is an incredibly broad term . 
  and even if it means letting t-800s loose into the suburbs to hunt down terrorists , is n't it preferable to a bombing run ? 
  it 's potentially cheaper , would keep the area from being quickly reoccupied , and would at least be able to do surveillance . 
  only if everyone 's in an ai car . 
  what 'll actually happen is people will cut off the ai cars constantly , and the ai cars will err on the side of caution and hit the brakes . 
  this situation will be even worse . 
  nah , that chain went beyond the wall and died in battle . 
  it 's a ghost chain . 
  because water is at its lowest density at 4 degrees , so if you cool the surface of the water down , it sinks to the bottom . 
  to freeze just the top , you need to cool the whole lake . 
  he probably had some wights give them a scrub with some seal grease . 
  that wo n't work when people know they can safely cut in front of an ai car . 
  i 'm fookin glad there 's no lady stoneheart . 
  that 's too much magic , the universe would n't have rules any more at that point . 
  yeah that one, 
  same way you spot a hybrid . 
  that did n't happen with dash cams , and it wo n't happen with ai cars . 
  that wo n't work either - once you know it 's a machine that honks at you every time , you wo n't care . 
   assuming everyone is using ai, 
  there 's your problem . 
  how many under 30s do you know who can afford a new car , and how many of them need to drive on a daily basis ? 
  there would be massive backlash if you sold a product which automatically reported people to the police . 
  you 'll be able to spot ai cars . 
  there will only be a few models to memorise for the first few years , and they 'll be the cars which look new and have a driver that 's texting . 
  well , i would n't buy one . 
  besides , the amount of infractions for the police to look through would be massive . 
  it 's possible , but with the way the law is currently set up , it would require a huge amount of legal man-hours . 
  exactly , and it only takes one self-driving crash to completely tank brand performance . 
  about the same amount of time you spend dealing with a traffic snake - it 's not that significant , but when you do it frequently , it 'll become maddening . 
  maybe look into who owns the horse breeders ... is it the same person who owns an asphalt company ? 
  more likely he has a pretty loose grasp on what calc is . 
  i failed calc at age 18 , came back at age 23 and topped the class . 
  exactly . 
  it 's a small apartment filled to just over your head . 
  sounds like your main activities are nearly identical - general human stuff ( buying groceries etc ) , playing games , watching tv and studying . 
  they engage your brain in slightly different ways , but hardly engage your body .
