  not a fan . 
  what snack should i swap to ? 
  that 's something i 've noticed since buying my bike . 
  if i stop on the side of the road to fix up some stowage , swap to reserve or just stretch my legs , other bikeys usually slow down to check if i 'm alright . 
  sounds like rehabilitative justice to me . 
  too late . 
  confirmed . 
  he 's wearing the issued parachute pants with weird buttons on the cargo pocket . 
  or just shoot him ? 
  what do you mean by hold down a position ? 
  dig yourself in like a tic or suppress an enemy ? 
  one man with a fully auto weapon can only fire fully auto for a very short time . 
  fully auto is scary , but not that dangerous, 
  i did n't realise this kind of game is exactly what i 'm looking for . 
  master of orion 3 had this feature . 
  lots of other shit besides designing spaceships though . 
  here 's my reply to the other dude 's comment . 
  things to consider :, 
   windows 10 does n't have a disruptive ui like  windows 8 did , so you do n't need to worry about  that . 
  it absolutely does . 
  updates every few days that make no discernable difference are disruptive . 
   it is also quite stable , although there can still be  some hiccups around updates and initial  installation/upgrades . 
  it 's more stable than 8 , but less stable than 7 . 
   some computers run into issues with bad drivers  causing mice/keyboard/sound issues which can be  anything from a minor to major problem, 
  confirmed . 
   windows 10 is still a free upgrade through july 29, 
  when windows 7 becomes too old to use , i will swap to linux . 
   microsoft has stated they they will not be releasing  any completely new operating systems after this  one . 
  rather they will just continually update  windows 10 with new fixes and features . 
  this  means you 'll never have to go through the whole  're - install everything ' process again . 
  you get to trade being inconvenienced once a year to being inconvenienced a little bit every day . 
   windows 10 does offer some cool new features like :, 
   cortana - personal assistant in case you want to  talk to your computer and/or have it automate  some stuff for you, 
  aka task scheduler plus windows search plus microsoft sam . 
  its main use is searching your computer . 
  windows 7 's search function is more consistent and thorough . 
  i 've also heard cortana sends everything you search for to microsoft . 
   new start menu with live tiles -  although you can  use 3rd party software to make it look like the old  version, 
  functionally identical to the old one , but now windows apps have icons that all look the same for stylistic reasons . 
   action center to aggregate messages, 
  this is actually kinda useful . 
  windows 7 also had it . 
   virtual desktops -  really cool , allows you to move  between desktops ( as in a whole clean desktop  without any of the windows open which you were  previously using ), 
  i have this disabled . 
  might be useful for something , but i have n't worked it out yet . 
   task switcher -  allows you to see all your opened  windows/applications side by side to pick where  you want to go, 
  aka alt + tab on 7 . 
   snap assist & tablet mode -  makes organizing  windows a bit easier if you just want to relax, 
  never used . 
  do n't see why that would be useful . 
   access to the new `` universal apps '' via the windows  store -  they use a new ui system and look kinda  slick and modern, 
  aka buttons hidden to make them look better . 
   tweaked ui elements -  taskbar , context menus , file  explorer , edge browser , system settings , lock  screen , access to directx 12, 
  tweaked does n't mean better . 
  now you have two places to adjust your machine 's settings , and they do n't overlap 100 % . 
  edge is just internet explorer in a different shell . 
  lock screen functionally identical to the old one . 
  but matriarchal societies could n't exist until recently because men were physically stronger , and that used to be more important . 
  i 'm aware of all that stuff , but i 'm being downvoted because reddit probably thinks i 'm a redpiller or something . 
  all i meant was that in a time where you can beat people when you disagree with them , the men tend to end up in charge . 
  wkendbot suggest nsfw, 
  i fucking know it . 
  i 'm 23 with wrinkles and shit . 
   not drinking the boomer user pays raro, 
  better ? 
  which bit ? 
  the jonestown reference , the boomers pulling up the ladder , or user paying ? 
  pretty sure taking mdma every weekend is really bad for you . 
  and have n't picked up enough skills for the real world, 
  never had an sv650 , but i searched google images for sv650 gauges cause nobody takes pics of their stock bars , and it 's hard to grab a pic of your gauges without getting your bars too . 
  looks to me like they are n't stock , or they would have a bend . 
  kiwis : anybody recognize or have used one of these ? 
  they 're being sold without brand details . 
  i do n't mind if it 's a cheap chinese copy of something legit , as long as somebody can verify that it 's a good copy . 
  i 've tried asking on here before , but all i get is ` get a sena ' from americans . 
  which is fair enough , but a sena is like $ 500nzd for a pair for what should be a fairly simple bit of kit . 
  i have no problem with getting a chinese product as long as somebody can tell me it 's good . 
  cheers mate . 
  any idea on brand , or is it another brandless one ? 
  it 's ok mate , i 'm in australia this week to pick up my center link payment , so you can just use my driveway . 
  does that count as criticising trans pronoun use ? 
  i 've read a few of his columns that indicate he does have some basic ability , but it 's downplayed for the value of the show . 
  semester break starts for me . 
  i 'm looking at doing some small quals to get one-off work throughout the holiday and semester . 
  i already have coa , class 2 license , and a d endorsement . 
  i want to get my forklift license , and potentially my heavy load piloting cert . 
  what else should i do ? 
  top left definitely looks like a rick and morty character, 
  what the fox say, 
  that 's obviously not it . 
  scarmf !, 
  that 's an obscure reference, 
  air force roundel on black . 
  mine was shipped inside a zip lock bag for a few days . 
  it 's definitely not living now . 
  christchurch drivers are pretty good , but they do n't know how to use car parks properly . 
  wow , an axe murderer in our own backyard ? 
  someone 's keeping it traditional . 
  to be fair , slavery and wife beating are core tenets of christianity . 
  it 's just that the christians we see are n't actually very good christians , they only follow the bits that suit them .
