  awesome !, 
  something like six bucks a jug or a little less . 
  the linton bars are being taken over by civilian contractors though , price is likely to rise . 
  once upon a time , but it 's not really worth going the distance . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's applicable for waiouru - it 's right next to the tongariro national park , which has everything waiouru has except better . 
  it 's a weird kiwi accent . 
  it 's slightly effeminate and very thick . 
  it 's more of an irritation thing . 
  if i met her , i 'd use ` her/hers/she ' etc. 
  until corrected because she 's obviously female and there 's a near certainty that she 'd be ok with that . 
  when corrected , i 'd probably humour her and use ` they/theirs/them ' , but only directly to her . 
  requiring your own special pronouns defeats the purpose of having pronouns , and it feels grammatically wrong to use a plural to refer to an individual . 
  she can feel however she wants to feel , but requiring society to change for that is reaching a bit . 
  there 's a fairly legitimate reason for this . 
  i go to my barber because it costs $ 15 a cut , they do a good job , they do n't chitchat if you do n't , and because there 's a fairly predictable wait . 
  it 's a very typical barber shop , right down to the red , white and blue sign . 
  there 's another barber that 's slightly closer to my house . 
  it 's branded as a barber/hairdresser . 
  it does both men and women 's cuts , and takes both appointments and walk-ins . 
  i avoid it because it 's for both men and women . 
  if i turn up there 's a chance it 's backed up with women getting haircuts . 
  there 's every chance i 'm wrong here , but i think i 'm pretty representative of the typical barber patron . 
  the barber in the article obviously has their ideal market segment . 
  if this individual goes and tells her friends then the store will start attracting a new demographic . 
  the whole appeal of a barber shop to me and my demographic would be compromised if it started catering to all demographics , potentially resulting in a net loss to the business . 
  women wanting men 's cuts is n't a new thing . 
  the stereotype of a butch lesbian with a crew cut exists for a reason . 
  there 's a pretty good chance this barber has dealt with this situation before ( or heard about it from some other barbershop owner ) and was burned in some way , either by the loss of male customers or by ( as someone else mentioned ) women complaints . 
  as somebody from the north island who 's lived in the south island , i disagree with both of you . 
  he sounds similar to a southlander i know , but he also sounds like a king 's college boy from auckland . 
  there 's notes of a maori from whangarei in there . 
  the only common ground is two of them went to private schools and two have homosexual tendancies . 
  and judges . 
  judges is metal as fuck . 
  here 's my wall of text . 
  i went to a catholic high school six years ago ( transferred from public school ) . 
  it 's not all bad . 
  by high school age you 've lost the gullibility that makes you susceptible to indoctrination . 
  i think most teenage conversions these days are done by the likes of vision church , so mostly peer pressure based . 
  there was compulsory church attendance once a term , but i just bunked all except the first one . 
  actually , it was the first time i ever bunked school . 
  the catholic school actually had a higher quality of education in general than the public schools in the area . 
  the religious education was surprisingly unbiased . 
  it was just easy excellence credits , and you were n't required to admit that jesus was the bomb and mary 's pretty cool too . 
  we had to write about other religions , and the differences between cults and religions , and the catholic perspective on some other religions . 
  you 're free to disagree with the catholic perspective ( and write about why it 's incorrect ) , as long as you demonstrate understanding of it . 
  if you maintain a healthy skepticism during the whole thing , you can actually learn a lot . 
  there was only one bit which really struck me as unbiased : the catholic perspective on the church of latter-day saints ( mormons ) is that they are a cult . 
  i actually put in my assignment that if you use a definition of cult that includes mormons , the catholic church is also a cult . 
  i got some good credits for that , it pushed me over the limit for merit endorsement . 
  before i went to catholic school i was under the impression that religious people were always uneducated , and anybody who was smart enough could be taught to take a look at their beliefs and see that they were objectively wrong . 
  therefore , religious adults were either stupid or uneducated . 
  now i know that is n't the case , and it really emphasized how people can dig their heels in over some issues , even when they 're demonstrably wrong . 
  sex education was very lacking . 
  however , it 's not a complicated issue and probably does n't need to be taught in schools if the parents take some responsibility . 
  unfortunately this is n't always the case . 
  it should be in the curriculum , but some adequate child-rearing can mitigate the lack-of . 
  funnily enough , we studied angela 's ashes in english class . 
  there was no attempt to gloss over the atrocities committed by the catholic church . 
  somebody with a bit more skill in finagling the system got around the whole ` rst is compulsory ' thing by taking it by correspondence and then just not doing the work . 
  i only have two regrets : i could n't take y13 calculus because it clashed with rst , and i jumped through all the hoops to be a prefect but got turned down at the last minute because i do n't believe in god . 
  so yeah . 
  unless your nephew is gullible or susceptible to peer pressure , he 's probably fine . 
  he might even learn something . 
  i got way too far into that before i realised they were talking about the security intelligence service , not student job search . 
  and the makers of tinfoil, 
  if you 're spending 5000 on pot for 100 grams ( like the average person does , apparently ) you 're being ripped off . 
  that 's over 1000 dollars an ounce . 
  bulk purchases tho ... 28g is between 250 and 400 . 
  and are more expendable . 
  get out of it , ya filthy peacenik, 
  it should definitely prompt an id check , because it 's a potential security risk . 
  this exceptionally white fellow could be attempting to steal another man 's flight , or surreptitiously flee , or commit a crime . 
  potential safety and security risks should outweigh potentially being seen as racist . 
  it 's very likely that 's what they said . 
  we did n't get jetstar 's exact words . 
  i was the same . 
  i did n't quite understand the question at 15 . 
  i thought that if i selected yes , the medics might not try as hard to save my life . 
  when i thought about it a bit later , i realised it was stupid and changed it for my motorbike license . 
  can i call dibs now ? 
   miss hume alleges, 
  thanks mate . 
  remind me !, 
  40 years, 
  we do . 
  wife beaters , 40s ( but only when listening to dre ) , 70s , swappers ... never blodgers, 
  i do it . 
  once . 
  if she complains about a problem more than once , she gets a solution . 
  this sounds like the plot of an episode of archer . 
  i 'm somebody different . 
  more completely , i do n't believe it went exactly as described in the article . 
  the transgender person probably turned up to the airport , and jetstar staff thought it was suspicious that they did n't match the title given to book the ticket . 
  they requested that the person provide identification , which they did n't have . 
  that 's perfectly legitimate and a good move on their behalf . 
  we do n't know for a fact that the discrepancy between name and appeared sex was the only cause for suspicion here , and probably never will . 
  it 's their job to exercise suspicion . 
  crime prevention and safety should always take precendence over being seen as homophobic , sexist or any other applicable - ist . 
  naturally , doing this requires a certain amount of tact .
