  yep . 
  either those two or auckland , but fuck auckland . 
  how do you rate them ? 
  i 'm in need of some new binos . 
  i had n't seen any shaped like that , figured it must be something new . 
  guess not !, 
  what should i do with unwanted clothes other than give it to save mart ? 
  a 20c and a 10c , in any country that uses dollars except the usa . 
  were you there in 2011 ? 
  yeah i recalled those two anecdotes slightly differently , but they were pretty similar . 
  i reckon a good chunk of all vets are just ex pogues who make shit up . 
  i have n't seen one that 's not also hideously fat . 
  the south park of the 80s, 
  protesting cycle lanes on / r/newzealand is verboten . 
  gulag for you !, 
  good . 
  being old has n't meant anything since it became illegal to kill people for being an arsehole . 
  and the safety malfunctions . 
  have you considered a howa 1500 ? 
  e - i have one in 7mm ' 08 , and i rate it very highly as a deer rifle . 
  looks like they 've done something about it . 
  but still something to be aware of if you 're buying second hand . 
  yeah , they 're all front-heavy too . 
  fair point , but if the only thing you achieve is a flag change , we can call it a legacy . 
  how dare they have fun near me . 
  it 's shit . 
  to be able to do a retail job , you need two hands , a smile , and a good grasp of spoken english and primary school maths . 
  because shit loads of people can fill that niche , you 're disposable . 
  any job which can be entered easily will be shitty in some way . 
  i wonder if that 's actually a viable business model . 
  prostitution is legal , online auctions are legal . 
  two and two together ... 
  gumboots are absolute shithouse . 
  no idea why farmers rate them so highly . 
  use some mid-range hiking or military boots and some gaiters , then hose them down when you 're done . 
  i love that the sheep neighs, 
  or hold it upside down, 
  the skeevy fuckers that rode the vultures ? 
  you sound like you 're a smart enough cookie to do well without l3 . 
  i think you should make the call based on your personal needs , not your academic needs . 
  do you have money ? 
  you 'll need it . 
  do you have hobbies and the related toys ? 
  there 's not much you can do on 170 a week unless you 're already set up to do it . 
  the guys and girls in my course who came straight from school sometimes have to skip eating meat for the week so they can go do something fun . 
  work for a bit and buy some hobbies so you have something to do besides study . 
  alright , sounds like a good start . 
  i 'd suggest you develop a hobby which will get you out of the dorms/flatting though . 
  spending 9 months of the year in the same room will drive you insane . 
  maybe a few ski trips , or go hiking , or something . 
  ca n't let them go running around with them unless.we teach them to stand outside the armoury for an hour first . 
  my mind is open to the echo chamber, 
  are you sure you did n't mean to say ` scary looking gun ' ? 
  sober man , with his powers of manners and ability to leap tall buildings without falling over !, 
  the hard part is making the test fair , obviously we ca n't have the government decide . . 
  sounds like a governor-general job to me . 
   guns are not cool, 
  yes they are . 
  for students , this is meaningless . 
  the university 's international ranking takes into account all colleges and research outputs . 
  the only relevant bit of info for a student is the teaching performance in their chosen course . 
  anyone know a more useful ranking system ? 
  for professional degrees like engineering , you could probably make some meaningful stats from employment after study . 
  with his super smell and mud-bending !, 
  have you considered a career in engineering ? 
  maybe look at a be ( hons ) . 
  does it taste like bananas to anyone else ? 
  never tried it . 
  would you recommend it ? 
  do i need to go to a restaurant ? 
  because red light does n't allow you to differentiate colour easily , everything just kinda blends in . 
  tomorrow on stuff : man sees a thing, 
  everybody 's different . 
  i do n't think you can make a blanket recommendation like that . 
  you 're gon na have better luck in / r/gamingsuggestions, 
  yes , it 's something that happens to other guys . 
  because everyone is different . 
  you do n't even use it as a unit of measure , but you still have to spell it wrong and then insist you 're right . 
  here 's some tough love ... have you done anything with your two years out of high school ? 
  cause if your only life experience is going to high school and sucking at it , and then some job where the only requirement is showing up , you might not have the character to do an engineering degree . 
  that said , it 's not impossible . 
  people change . 
  take a good hard look at yourself , and decide whether or not you need to go and build some stick-to-it-iveness , some nouse , some confidence , some perspective . 
  i did just that for four years after failing first year engineering , and it was worth every day !, 
  slight correction : it fuckin is up to the prof to teach the material , i 'm paying through the nose for him to do his damn job , so he can damn well do it !, 
  however , if he does n't , it 's on you to fix it . 
  one of those classic military ` his fault , your problem ' situations !, 
  i was referring to him saying liter instead of litre , that 's the bit that jumped out at me . 
  the text and flag makes you both look about two feet tall, 
  op respect, 
  no label or units on the y axis , cuz, 
  fuck those guys who buy five houses or more . 
  that 's a lot of money that went to nothing but enabling them to take people 's money by selling them a necessity . 
  they could have started a business , or invested in somebody else 's , but no . 
  instead of helping others and helping themselves at the same time , they chose to skim money off the top of society while providing nothing . 
  good to see he made use of the gi bill , too . 
  even if i did have buying-property money , i would n't go with property brokers . 
  their ads are so damn egotistical . 
  pick a track , walk up the tararuas , wander around until you run out of food , come down again . 
  can do that with the ruahines too .
