  ` worked excellently , but i told you to do it in matlab and you turned in an excel spreadsheet . ', 
  based on mugshots only , yeah . 
  but that 's a good mug shot of the girl and an * alright * mug shot of the guy , and one or both of you could be hideously fat , rake thin or arnie-sized . 
  so ca n't really tell . 
  here 's some completely different advice to what you 're going to get : leave uni . 
  go do something very hard for three years . 
  join the armed forces or some volunteer organisation . 
  come back and smash your degree . 
  who are these guys ? 
  thanks mate, 
  depends where you are . 
  it 's light purple here . 
  fyi you can actually whittle them down to the point where you 're cutting into the brass/copper part and it still works . 
  those are so fucking shit . 
  and the solution is obvious , too : just put the back/forward buttons at the top of the left/right click buttons , so you only hit it when you mean to . 
  except when you 're taking your hand on and off the mouse . 
  which happens pretty much all the time . 
  no volume control on instagram 's stupid player on res, 
  i do n't think that 's going to happen in my country for 40 years or more . 
  i disagree on the size thing . 
  almost all the american soldiers i 've met were my size or smaller ( 80kg , 175cm ) . 
  there was the odd colossal black guy , but generally they were short/average latino dudes . 
  you should be on the boondocks, 
  or iron , like a lot of the rest of the world uses ... 
  i am , dude . 
  7.2 billion people agree with me . 
  that 's probably a great source of iron for your diet, 
  i think that 's partly tackling style and nature of the game as well . 
  it would probably be cheaper to make one , right ? 
  a ` sporty ' auto feels like a manual , if it 's driven by someone who sucks with a manual . 
  no , but it did get us a functional democracy, 
  definitely salami . 
  spare clothes ? 
  depends if it 's a bail out bag to grab as you run for the hills , or a box of emergency supplies for camping on your lawn . 
  kaiweka meals are pretty expensive tho ... can do just as well with one of those canned big eats . 
  who 's running through this thread and not getting any jokes ? 
  the powhiri haka , the rugby game haka , the making toast haka , the out of toilet paper haka , the waiting for preworkout to kick in haka , the queuing haka , the goodnight kiwi haka ... pretty standard stuff really . 
  if you like nature , hit the south island . 
  i 'd definitely give the far north a look too . 
  soak up some indigenous culture , jump off the top of the country . 
  you might not get many productive info about immigration here - we were mostly born here . 
  fucking awesome for a kid , like roller blades , hot wheels and gobstoppers . 
  but as an adult , you would be judged pretty hard . 
  let him enjoy it , before being judged has consequences . 
  i usually have better luck with placemakers . 
  bunnings is for sausages , mitre 10 is for old people buying outside furniture . 
  nz er here . 
  if you 're doing a course where you 're studying shakespeare , you should n't be short on time . 
  the arty courses are meant to be the easy ones . 
  karate chop action ? 
  definitely agree - any unneeded resistance to the electrical system can cause all kinds of comedy symptoms . 
  first port of call for pretty much anything . 
  ` because that 's the way i like to do things ', 
  not true - an electric force does n't interact with neutrally charged bodies . 
  but an electric field defined as an area in space with electric force vectors inside it . 
  so for the field to exist , the force has to exist . 
  i guess it depends on how you define ` responsible for ' . 
  does hitler get 6 million tattoos ? 
  i eat animals because they 're delicious and nutritious . 
  and i create animals specifically fit the purpose of eating . 
  i support a supply chain that does it for me . 
  morals are a personal construct . 
  i think it 's fine , so i 'm going to continue to do it . 
  i agree that nutrition is not specific to omnivorous diets . 
  however , it 's my diet and i happen to like meat . 
  so i 'm gon na do it that way . 
  you whole argument seems to be based around it being ` wrong ' to kill animals . 
  if it 's wrong to kill an animal , i do n't see why it 's right to kill a plant . 
  right and wrong are arbitrary concepts that we create for ourselves . 
  according to my moral compass , it 's fine to kill animals to eat , or if they 're a nuisance in some way . 
  you 're going for the ` reframe it so it 's a cute animal ' argument . 
  again , do n't care . 
  lambs are cute too . 
  i 'd eat dog if it was available . 
  i guess you could put some slow-burning powder in behind the bullet . 
  that would spit burning bits everywhere and pop the balloon . 
  4chan , putlocker , tpb , and invite my friends around in person . 
  non-christian here . 
  catholics and mormons believe different weird shit , but it 's weird in equal magnitudes . 
  they 're christian and so are you . 
  that might be how you see it as a catholic , but the rest of the world sees people who believe in god and jesus but not mohamed as christians . 
  the holy trinity is semantics to the rest of us . 
  asking questions does n't mean anything either . 
  sometimes it 's the know it all who really knows nothing and just wants to hear himself talk . 
  are you actually going to produce a finished product ? 
  pressure gauges - great for measuring pressure . 
  ear gauges - you 'll look like an immature , teenage softcock poser to a lot of people . 
  might get down voted for this , but it 's how a lot of people will see you . 
  fucking bloody minded fucking grit and determination . 
  not smoking makes you irritable . 
  just embrace it and feel irritable for the rest of your life . 
  engineers tend to be stubborn and arrogant . 
  these are the people who will hire you . 
  do you want to rely on them changing their worldview to accept your ear gauges ? 
  or just not have them ? 
  you 're not selling your soul , just renting it out . 
  when ? 
  5 months, 
  tapped out , rattling along as fast as you can on a skateboard is pretty slow compared to a long board . 
  i 'm correct .
