  this is on you for saying that you 'd meet a timing and not doing it . 
  but your lingerie does n't fit him, 
  maybe i 'm just being a cynic . 
  wow , a whole culture does something wrong, 
  the second one, 
  does it matter if i do n't know how american football works ? 
  reality has a well-documented left bias . 
  my point , which you seem to have missed , is that arts education is n't worth the time or money when a student has accumulated more valuable life experiences . 
  the more experience you have , the more thr proportional return shrinks , while the cost stays the same . 
  and , because life experience is impossible to quantify , we ca n't fairly give discounts or passes to those who experience dwindling returns . 
  therefore it should be mandatory for nobody . 
  maybe cost-benefit analysis should be part of an arts degree . 
   severe medical event that puts you into an irrecoverable coma and get taken to hospital quickly enough not to die first and have no other underlying conditions . 
  so motorcyclists ? 
  anyone know how much rubbish men actually get payed ? 
  i 'd imagine , since they 're plant ops/truck drivers/heavy labourers it would be in the low 20s per hour . 
  that 's certainly what they deserve . 
  hey , let 's not sell rubbish truck drivers short here . 
  just because you summed one job up in a short sentence and the other in a long list does n't make one easier or harder . 
  for the record , i think both are jobs that are worth somewhere in the low-20s per hour . 
  the library smells like small children and sounds like a daycare , but there 's 3d printers that are practically free to use , and it has a crap load of books . 
  had a look at whangarei ? 
  you might be giving people too much credit . 
  how about we leave the poor guy be , instead of publishing his holiday plans on the news ? 
  playing the devil 's advocate a bit here ... 
  we all like to think we 're special . 
  we all hope that if we play our cards right , we can be the one on top . 
  you 're also two hours away from a ski field , and two beautiful national parks , and one alright forest park . 
  a lot of this is silly . 
  firearm owners are in a position where the rules that govern us are made by people who do n't use firearms . 
  who can we contact to prevent some of this becoming law ? 
  that gif is absolutely terrible . 
  and if you can put your shoes on by yourself , you should be able to do it . 
  you guys get payed about half as much again as kiwis . 
  pretty sure they already did that, 
  anyone could do better than brownlee . 
  it sounds terrible that the isaf investigation never spoke to the villagers , but these villagers often are n't as cooperative as you 'd think . 
  are you talking about a specialist officer position in the army ? 
  if you are n't , then no , you have to enter via basic or ocs and work your way up like everyone else . 
  what about seawater ? 
  nature 's electrolyte drink ? 
  disagree with that last paragraph - is it possible to hold all those values , while recognising that we 're a bit unique and small ? 
  allowing ourselves to come under too much foreign influence - due to immigration or otherwise - could dilute our uniqueness and ability to hold these awesome values . 
  there 's only a handful of us , globally speaking . 
  being too open-minded will just make us like everybody else . 
  where do you work ? 
  is it spark ? 
  my mistake . 
  i took ` oppose ' to mean ` disagree with ' , not ` hate ' . 
  i guess we 're probably on a similar page . 
  of course he put a blanket down . 
  do n't want to get road rash on your foreskin . 
  it 's like a burglar alarm . 
  it does n't make it impossible , it just makes it easier to pick on someone else . 
  i worked an unskilled , entry level warehousing position at that rate last summer . 
  i was able to actually live a good life . 
  they died because they were told to , or because they needed a job , or wanted a way to go see europe , or whatever mattered to that individual soldier at the time . 
  their deaths were a tragic waste of life . 
  that 's enough . 
  there 's no need to further tug at the heartstrings by acting like they were righteous defenders of freedom . 
  we did n't throw our troops into somebody else 's meat grinder quite like we did in ww1 . 
  what he actually did was cool , but i would 've appreciated the episode more if it was just 35 mins of him throwing shoes and missing . 
  yeah , i 'd appreciate a beer and a dooby with colin craig any day . 
  you definitely stand a better chance before an officer selection board if you learn a bit about the army through a bit of time in the reserves . 
  i might be using the wrong terminology there , it 's been a while ), 
  building on that , you 'll be treated more like an adult as either an officer or a soldier in a technical trade . 
  look at nac . 
  they 're quite good . 
  the publishers could offer a buyback scheme and resell the same books . 
  have a look in a car . 
  i do n't work on post-2005 cars very often , but pretty much every car i 've seen has plenty of electromechanical relays . 
  ca n't imagine it 's changed . 
  it 's pretty cool that your university offers a course in power grid engineering . 
  that 's not a thing here in nz . 
  where do you stand on ' a porn ? ', 
  integrate with respect to x : \u222b e ^ ( - x ^ 2 ) dx, 
  does that count as a be ? 
  building off that , you do n't necessarily need to take remedial maths through the university . 
  the internet has a lot of algebra , pre-calc and early calc courses available for free , and a lot of them are better than what you 'd get sitting in a lecture theatre . 
  learning from lecturing is something that wrinkled my brain when i finished up my career . 
  i was n't fast enough to take much away from lectures . 
  but if you have the attention span to spend on a long , boring task ( which you will ) , you 're in an excellent place to learn from youtube videos . 
  pause them , try problems , spend 4 hours on a 20 min video . 
  you 'll smash it . 
  you should be able to refresh yourself on very basic algebra and learn everything up to and including high school calculus in two months, 
  does the gi bill cover international study ? 
  new zealand is a washington accord country . 
  most universities do n't believe in ` common core ' . 
  you wo n't even have to take english 101 as a part of your engineering degree . 
  and it 's nice here . 
  i took an intro maths course over summer school in the lead-up to my degree . 
  it was a little wasteful . 
  bachelor of engineering, 
  he mentioned new zealand exactly the right amount of times . 
  why does it have to be anonymous ? 
  is that an actual risk here in nz ? 
  if you like online shooters but are n't much of a gamer or do n't get to do it often , have a look at war thunder ground forces or world of tanks . 
  the game play is a little slower ( because tanks ca n't twitch around very quickly ) . 
  the games are a bit less reflex - oriented and a bit more strategic . 
  it 's a lot less likely that you 'll constantly get lit up by some 12yo that 's hopped up on monsters .
