  smells like shit , full of poverty and gang members . 
  does n't really offer anything that the others do n't . 
  i have cousins near there , they tell me that crime there is significantly worse than whangarei . 
  that 's less like going from coal miner to solar installer , and more like coal miner to iron miner . 
  icebreaker has an outlet store in one of those small towns just north of wellington . 
  can anyone chime in and say which one ? 
  they 're all a blur to me . 
  army surplus is all over the damn show in pricing and quality . 
  that 's the one . 
  putlocker, 
  what 's so bad about hi-points ? 
  i was considering voting labour until that ama . 
  maybe jacinda will give me non-token answers and change my mind back again . 
  18 hours is n't even that bad , it 's actually really fast if you include all 6 stages of battle . 
  try suggesting palmerston north . 
  does not go down well ... 
  you should n't smoke that much pot , man . 
  i know , right ? 
  but tell some people that and they 'll whinge that there 's nothing to do ... as if there 's anything great to do in wellington for free . 
  yeah there 's just as much to do as anywhere in nz for a student . 
  other towns have cooler stuff , but it 's all out of our price range anyway . 
  should 've just painted on some vegeta eyebrows , then he would have been able to look up, 
  my new balances lasted me about five years . 
  what else should we use ? 
  who were the nartec ? 
  have n't read the books in about ten years, 
  ceramic plates can sometimes cause condensation under your food , i.e. 
  they would 've done more like 1000 in that time . 
  ` why should we hire you ? ', 
  well , i need a job , you need an employee ... let 's meet each other in the middle , i think we can work something out here . 
  term investment = fixed term deposit ? 
  probably better off investing m8, 
  a few banks offer a service where you can invest on the nzx using an internet banking - esque service . 
  i would expect you 'd generally see a better roi in 5 years from that that you would from a fixed term deposit . 
  why do you need a car ? 
  i do ok without one . 
  hey jacinda , here 's my question andrew little did n't answer . 
  operational deployments are crucial to maintaining an effective military , particularly in fighting units in the army . 
  currently , there are very few privates and troopers in infantry and armour who have seen operational deployments . 
  ( i do n't have a number but i 'm willing to bet it 's less than 20 ) . 
  every time a rumour of a deployment surfaces , the boys are chomping at the bit to go . 
  usually , it 's the whole reason they joined up . 
  during the last three terms of national government , labour has expressed a strong opposition to using the combat capabilities of the nzdf . 
  what role do you foresee the nzdf playing in a labour - led government ? 
   operational deployments are crucial to maintaining an effective military, 
   currently , there are very few privates and troopers in infantry and armour who have seen operational deployments . 
  got ta keep experience in the ranks . 
  i mention that the young men in question want to deploy because this usually not covered or misinterpreted when the media ( and members of the public ) discuss whether or not to deploy troops . 
  why ? 
  i was in a combat trade . 
  deployment was the only thing i wanted from my service , but it did n't look like it was going to happen , there were just too many people who wanted to be in iraq and no other trips available . 
  i also was n't really gaining anything without a deployment ( no real-world upskilling ) , so i left to go to university . 
  if i thought i 'd get a trip , i 'd be back in in a heartbeat . 
  thanks for the response . 
  if you think iain has anything to add , i 'd appreciate his input . 
  awww yeah with great big fat peppercorns and massive chunks of steak, 
  a lot of your answers are more in line with my views , and also more in line with the general discourse in / r/newzealand . 
  however , they 're at odds with andrew little 's ( very token ) answers , particularly re drug policy and tertiary education . 
  how do you see these slight differences of opinion playing out ? 
  if i can be blunt : if your party is elected , how much weight will your opinion carry when laws are made ? 
  is it worth voting for you when i do n't agree with your boss ? 
  we have programs like long look , but getting to be on that is a political gamble as well . 
  i actually considered joining the french foreign legion . 
  it 's still on the cards , in a plan c sort of way . 
  getting on long look depends on a lot more than a uk service member wanting to come here . 
  if the uk had a legion i might 've had a crack at that , but i do n't know if the uk has the right kind of political climate to support it . 
  and they already have the ghurkas anyway . 
  pleeeeeease do n't put ` home defence ' in the same sentence as the first 3 . 
  most people here are n't firearm owners , and just do n't know . 
  they were probably neutral on guns in nz until they read ` home defence ' , and now they think probably you 're a loony !, 
  by extension , they might think i 'm a loony , because i do the first one in that list !, 
  stop it !, 
  yeah , for sure . 
  i think the issue is they could n't afford to pay any additional soldiers . 
  if you read my last few comments you might mistake me for some kind of bloodythirsty wardog , but i would n't do it for free ( or want to hang around soldiers who would serve for free !, 
  that 's bs, 
  nah , this guy 's semi-right . 
  until the last year or so there were a lot of crappy security agencies running the show . 
  indian immigrants on the door and all that . 
  not to be racist , but the cultural and language difference makes them less effective bouncers in chch . 
  post quake , many companies were taking anyone they could get . 
  it 's nearly all october protection in chch now . 
  they 're extremely professional . 
  i would n't . 
  lots of young teenagers on the street in auckland who reallly should be home in bed . 
  haha you bunch of fat fucks , you 're all recommending burgers , pies and chips !, 
  according to americans i 've talked to , they generally just do n't bother paying us taxes . 
  i would expect chuckie to be pudgy . 
  the vibe i get is that they 're pretty shitty at tracking that stuff down . 
  it looks like he 's changed his mind on the issue a few times . 
  is that really a bad thing ? 
  looks like he 's weighing up the facts he has and making decisions , instead of what politicians tend to do ( either not make a decision and then only pick a side when the public does , or pick a side immediately and ignore changing facts ) . 
  the cut to the theme music is the best part !, 
  sounds like he 's representing . 
  a good thing for a representative to do in a representative democracy . 
  you 'll look a bit like someone 's dad though . 
  send it, 
  mum stop calling me out on contradictions , i 'm trying to impress me liberal internet friends, 
  obviously not a ba in maths then, 
  yeah , i honestly think it 's a bit unfair to be mean to people with bas .
