  when i do it some people freak the fuck out . 
  can we change the rules so that a flashing red transforms the traffic light into a give - way ? 
  this could be used at 4am when there 's nobody on the road . 
  sincerely , all shift workers, 
  it belongs to them more than it belongs to the church . 
  he did n't strike me as anxious , just uncomfortable with public speaking, 
  mitch hedburg, 
  the ` but when am i going to need this ? ', 
  guys are mostly the older ones in my course . . 
  the ones who know are doing this for a career change , and already know how much it sucks to pay off loans . 
  wasting time sucks . 
  you 're probably bang on . 
  then how does he use them to weld ? 
  so they 're not really beams of force , they 're beams of whatever-the-fuck ? 
  the problem with that is it will break down into semantics too easily . 
  it may not have answered the question you had , but it answered the question you asked . 
  try 15 minutes . 
  answering a question you did n't ask , but will be asking in a week ... 
  yes , the cheaper ones tend to disintegrate in about that time . 
  ` yeah nah pretty good eh . . she was a game of two halves , but ya get that on the big jobs . 
  ya persevered and came away the result . ', 
  depends . 
  by the time i 've noticed them , i 've already built up too much momentum to stop . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm pretty middle of the road though , and while i broadly agree with all of those statements above , i can find exceptions to all of them . 
  i know someone who has a ba and knows a lot about greek history . 
  they work at mcdonald 's . 
  you could say their intensive knowledge of greek history is their achilles heel . 
  holy fuck , he looks so much like mussolini i did n't notice you did a swap . 
  i 'm assuming the uk is like new zealand . 
  everyone is mate . 
  titles are for movies . 
  titles are for books and movies . 
   situations where you would n't call people ` mate ', 
  not like nz then, 
  that 's the first time i 've seen a soldier spell piquet correctly, 
  i 'm a kiwi looking at jumping the ditch . 
  looks like i 'd be running away into the same shit :(, 
  joke about poisoning old people , and two people pop up and tell you how to do it . 
  i love this country !, 
  you 'd be lucky to actually find that here . 
  might just have to substitute rubber midgets . 
  i tell them i 'm jacking off, 
  ` i 'm clutching team rush b ', 
  the pistol grip on a steyr is beautiful to hold . 
  i suppose the only way to be sure would be to cut it open and see if it 's actually used . 
  the casio fx82ms which most students use up to level 2 has a % button . 
   '' '' ` musically '' '' ' '' ' '' ` gifted '' ' '' '' ***, 
  i know a guy who got shot 9 times and still makes fun of retarded kids . 
  do n't do it !, 
  is the industry really going to suffer that much from a sharp drop in panadol and powerade sales ? 
  ` the government paid him handsomely for every wall he did not plaster , and he hired several employees to greater enable him to not plaster walls ' . 
  clinton lite, 
  if you 're 18-23 , fit , tough and not super specially qualified ... nzdf . 
  my time in had its ups and downs , but i was payed nearly 50k a year plus benefits after 3 years in . 
  in that age bracket , that 's hard to beat . 
  some trades give you a pretty sweet education too . 
  float trigger ? 
  i 'm just filtering out that age range because that 's how old i was when i was in . 
  ca n't really call it beyond that age , but it 's probably pretty trade dependant . 
  as an army crewman , that 's around the age i started feeling too old for this shit and wanted to retrain to secure my future . 
  that said , the signallers i joined up with are almost all still in , with some cool quals and no plans to leave . 
   a gay vegan, 
  that 's one short of a hat trick !, 
  tell them to take up crossfit !, 
  you could do a pretty cool dramatic transition . 
  local multiplayer would get me playing again . 
  i stopped because i 've done everything i want to do , and do n't have anybody to share it with . 
  that sounds pretty legit . 
  is it stable ? 
  the literal sense of the word . 
  that 's true for everybody at every age unless their mother was actually carrying them at the time . 
  i do n't play dota but the thing that 'll make me mute someone is having a cartoon nerd voice . 
  just visited melbourne from new zealand . 
  what kind of civil engineer puts light rail in the centre of the road !, 
  what about the trick where you change a weird file type of roughly the same size ( like a short flac or something ) so that the file extension makes it look like a word doc ? 
  and my thermo exam is next week !, 
  yeah me too . 
  never seen it done in a way that surpasses a bus though . 
  i 've had extensions before when the prof asked me to email something in and i forgot to attach it ... not deliberate , but somebody could exploit it . 
  it 's ok , man . 
  most of the people i went to school with are farm labourers or work in supermarkets . 
  member south park !, 
  they 're people who like to get offended . 
  turn it into dorms for uni students , or a high school . 
  they look like the paper star things the warehouse used to use to indicate a sale . 
  the first part of the headline sounds like the setup for a joke, 
  who 's this lucky guy getting off work before 6pm ? 
  i believe the bet has been completely replaced with the cft now . 
  the cft is about 4km ( ? ), 
  jogged in body armour and heavier-than-usual webbing , and a component which tests upper body strength by doing a few things with jerry cans . 
  i think you can say ` you cunts are being slack ' but you ca n't say ` you 're a slack cunt ' . 
  you will do shit in stupid ways and it will fuck you off . 
  in fact , just do n't admit you were ever a cadet !, 
  i go through and write the marks i think i 'll get on a bit of scrap paper . 
  it 's a good exercise for picking questions to bits . 
  what !? 
  people eat that at a restaurant !? 
  you can get those in the rest of the world , but they 're a microwave meal for students and the unemployed . 
  whatever the laws are , if you 're called up after hours , the answer is ` i 've been drinking ',
