  you 're supposed to keep a record of your weapon serial numbers for theft reasons , although most do n't . 
  i do , because if my rifles get stolen i want a chance at seeing them again . 
  i do n't know what registration would achieve . 
  what good would it do to know where they are , except to confiscate them in the future ? 
  our pistol laws are actually pretty good . 
  you need to be a member of a pistol club , and have a member of the club vouch for you . 
  you need to store the pistol subject to certain requirements ( more strenuous than a-cat rifles ) . 
  you need a permit to procure each individual pistol . 
  you ca n't use them for hunting ( and why would you ? ) . 
  they 're at the point where it 's still possible to use them for target shooting , but there 's a minimal chance of them falling into criminal hands . 
  if you were a criminal and wanted a pistol you 'd be be better off making one , importing one , buying an airgun and bluffing , or sawing down a rifle/shotgun . 
  you might get lucky . 
  ca n't hurt to ask . 
  however , i doubt it . 
  pretty sure your contract will stipulate something like ` you 'll get the free router we provide , not whatever you want ' . 
  he came from the usa , he probably would n't be any better off there . 
  the only cure is to lay with an oriental woman to get it out of your system . 
  $ 100 should be able to buy you a d-link one anyway, 
  i 'll raise the mean iq in both countries hur hur, 
  definitely going to try some roo jerky now . 
  nah , i 'd get shit answers, 
  re them not being auto , that does n't make any difference . 
  auto is for hollywood . 
  re ` more suitable hunting guns ' , you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you 're no authority on ` more suitable ' . 
  people can collect e cat rifles because criminals do n't kill people with them , and blocking hobbies for no reason is pointless . 
  they use them at approved ranges . 
  i say again : we should n't sell them because they are cheap , we should sell them because being scary does n't make them dangerous , and making laws for no reason is costly and stupid . 
  people buy them because they 're cheap . 
  re designed to kill large numbers of people : as far as rifles go , the only practical difference that makes them better for killing people is magazine capacity . 
  there 's no reason not to allow them in with shortened magazines ( which we do ) . 
  just because it was designed with people in mind does n't mean it can only be used for people . 
  re safety regulations : we do have high safety regs . 
  adding red tape does n't make it safer . 
  you need a permit to procure for each individual pistol . 
  if someone was buying pistols and selling them , the police would want to know why they 're getting so many permits to procure . 
  changing the laws would be plugging a gap that 's already plugged . 
  i say ` does n't happen much ' because every time i say ` never happens ' ( even though it basically never happens ) , some pedantic arsehole comes along and references the one in a million times it does happen . 
  you can be an idealist and say ` even once is too often ! ', 
  but the reality is pistol and e-cat rifle theft and crime are not happening on a large enough scale to warrant any law changes . 
  they 're isolated incidents . 
  throwing legislation at the problem may seem proactive , but it is n't . 
  it 's just a waste of money . 
  sounds like a few retards pushing for it and media outlets giving him the voice he does n't deserve . 
  you 're a dumbarse . 
  this is the third time . 
  the rifles being cheap is not justification for them being legal . 
  it 's why they 're so popular . 
  the reason they should be legal is because there 's no mechanical difference between these rifles and purpose built hunting rifles . 
  but yeah dude , allow them because they 're cheap . 
  sounds like there 's a reliability issue . 
  what 's wrong with ear tattooing ? 
  it 's not wrong to steal if you 're starving . 
  poor ! = starving . 
  bread is like a dollar for a loaf . 
  there 's no excuse for being starving in nz . 
  true , but is it worth the extra cost ? 
  if you 're so poor that you can only afford cheap bread in the long term then you need to make better life decisions . 
  but there 's no reason to starve when bread , rice , spuds etc are so cheap . 
  i 'd rather have an asian supermarket than another whinging pom taking up all the skilled jobs and complaining about stuff . 
  despite the disclaimer , i think you 're spot on . 
  nz has a big problem with seeing one or two isolated instances of crime and jumping straight to blanket policy as the solution . 
  let 's not do that this time . 
  true . 
  or you could inspect the inside of the ear . 
  if it 's hard to read , make it bigger or something . 
  female sailors are treated just like their male colleagues . 
  it truly is a modern navy . 
  a victory for egalitarianism everywhere . 
  is a ba the best choice ? 
  i thought you wanted qualifications . 
  what the fuck is going on with down votes in this sub ? 
  why would somebody down vote this ? 
  a perfectly legit question , not hurting anybody . 
  it does n't deserve special attention , but it does n't deserve to be ignored either . 
  i put it back to 1 where it belongs . 
  stop putting words in my mouth . 
  we live in a welfare state . 
  people deserve handouts when they fall on hard times . 
  however , it 's called hard times for a reason . 
  you 'll eat cheap , flavourless mush ( including but not limited to $ 0.95 bread ) . 
  you wo n't get buff . 
  if you 're fat , you 'll get skinny . 
  if you 're in a position where you 're doing this for your whole life , you need to make better decisions ( unless you 're old or disabled or something , that 's another matter ) . 
  it should n't be anybody 's responsibility to pick up after you to that extent . 
  if you ca n't scrape together another $ 30 a week to move from sustenance to quality nutrition , you need to sort your shit out . 
  and yes , if you want to make it personal , i do eat good food . 
  i 've been on the benefit , i 've supported myself on a part-time fast food wage , i 've done the student thing with no extra money . 
  i made decisions to sort my life out and now i can afford to eat healthily . 
  now you 're going to go ` hurr durr right winger wants us to pull ourselves up by our bootstraps ' . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  i 'm actually pretty left . 
  but just accept some damn personal responsibility . 
  you have the right to life , not happiness . 
  that 's your own problem . 
  better take them off in winter then, 
  that sounds false . 
  government representation based on race . 
  scholarships . 
  arguably , ability to cry discrimination when treated badly ( true or not ) .
