  / u/trollabot grousegrouse, 
  you can spend money on cosmetics as long as you 're ok with accepting that you wo n't get it all back when you sell it . 
  i would visit a bike wrecker . 
  it should be pretty easy to find the appropriate fairings . 
  they will probably be different colours , but painting them will be a good learning experience for you . 
  congrats , you just wrote the first paragraph i 've ever read about dwarf fortress and i already want to hear more . 
  i saw it . 
  looks less visually appealing than a spreadsheet . 
  might play it , might not, 
  someone took philosophy 101, 
  that 's not the army way . 
  you should have picked the wordiest available option , and made sure to misuse and misspell . 
  really ? 
  must be a us thing . 
  stable in strong winds . 
  big turning diameter . 
  it 's been three hours . 
  just letting you know . 
  pretty sure that still exists . 
  might be able to help you out , but i do n't have a sweet tooth ( and have no idea what i 'm doing in this subreddit ) . 
  what would you be willing to swap that 's not food and is michigan - specific ? 
  fark idk man . 
  local spirits ? 
  i do n't believe you, 
  holy fuck america sucks . 
  speaking of , how about we integrate mma into the special olympics ? 
   mechatronics, 
  what ? 
   like mechanical engineering but with more computer stuff . 
  oh , so you 'll fix cars ? 
   no , there 's more of an electrical spin on it . 
  so you 're like a sparky ? 
   * sigh * ... 
   i study robot science . 
  waiouru military camp, 
  because they 're dicks . 
  this is probably already in use for things like missiles and comms . 
  voice recognition sounds hard as fuck . 
  i would incorporate a wifi shield that allows the arduino to respond to your android phone , or just use a switch . 
  looks good to me brah, 
  nah you probably could , somehow . 
  yeah dude , that was in the 80s . 
  you wo n't hear about current military security on the news because it 's not interesting to the general public , and it 's not safe to throw that stuff around . 
  not much , but it 's got a high ( and variable ) rotational inertia . 
  aussie wildlife is stupid as fuck, 
  right on , man, 
  you mean ` they ' . 
  it 's glycerol , not glycol, 
  where are you ? 
  you could probably high five each other from your chairs right now . 
  you have the reach to corner them from the other side of the ring, 
  it 's business time !, 
  if he 's going to be a pizza delivery driver for 14 years he might as well just kill himself now . 
  why ? 
  this has been taken out of context to the point where it 's not effective propaganda . 
  just a video of an explosion . 
  seconded . 
  i do n't see why not . 
  it 's a simple component , finding one that 's cheap abs reliable should n't be hard . 
  have done it for about a month . 
  do n't do it , if you want to get one that wo n't develop a leak , you 'll be paying enough to get a proper bed . 
  cost = / = quality, 
  edit : not that one . 
  see below . 
  the living in the dorms is only an american thing . 
  here in nz , it 's far too expensive to stay . 
  many people never live in the halls , and nearly everyone moves out after year 1 . 
  flatting can be just as fun . 
  second what you said about high school . 
  i 'm an adult student , and nothing will make me dismiss you faster than thinking you 're the shit at 19 . 
  i 'm not the shit either , but i 'm better than i was at 19 . 
  want to stand out ? 
  gain some fucking social skills . 
  learn to talk to people . 
  1/3 of my classmates smell terrible . 
  do n't start verbally jizzing everywhere when your favourite topic comes up . 
  there 's a stereotype about engineering students . 
  do n't be a stereotype , or at least do n't be as bad as the computer science majors . 
  edit : smelt a particularly bad classmate this morning . 
  is there demand for a hygiene guide here ? 
  following on , say hi to people if you see them more than once , and when you sit down next to them in lectures . 
  and do n't ever let yourself smell bad in public . 
   what is your student id number ? 
  i think you mean ` why is my student id number ? ', 
  that 's the one . 
  i thought it was alright . 
  ` parent slams ' = ` person unqualified to comment slams ', 
  i was the opposite . 
  i hated maori when i was in whangarei because i was an angry teenager and maori kids picked on me in school . 
  i got over it when i moved down south , but for quite a while i was really racist . 
  nah , they 're not even qualified to parent . 
  having kids does n't make you an expert on anything because anybody can do it . 
  it 's exactly the same as being a man on the street or an internet commenter . 
  i dunno ... a pizza can be a meal for me . 
  i do n't think i 'm unhealthy . 
  yep . 
  it seems morally wrong to fine people for something that does n't hurt anybody . 
  alright sergeant sarcastic . 
  refute it . 
  why is that misogynistic ?
