  you might think you 're resting , but you are n't . 
  you 're doing the same thing . 
  you should get some hobbies that involve other stuff . 
  you will use your time more efficiently when you ` change gears ' more frequently . 
  enjoy your life . 
  you 're at uni . 
  go out and party hard at least 3-4 times a year , but not more than 12 . 
  do n't spend too much time playing video games . 
  talk to girls and go with the flow . 
  work out . 
  your attention span is a resource , manage it like a muscle group . 
  do n't try to push it when it 's already cooked , but make sure you work it to the limit so you do n't get lazy . 
  look at common bad personality traits in your class ( probably know-it-all - ism ) , and try not to develop it . 
  freaking love that term . 
  it 's derring do . 
  a labour government purchased the lavs , i believe . 
  now if only we actually used them ... 
  if we were going to have an armoured vehicle , and we were only going to have one , it 's probably the best choice . 
  104 of them , when we can barely stand up that many crewmen , on the other hand ... 
  do n't we have 11 brigadiers in an army that 's only one brigade ? 
   a little less complex than an at-4, 
  it looks like a kid 's toy made from a drain pipe . 
  is the guy on the right wearing a sandbag ? 
  yep , the fuck wits always cut down the trees i 'm using as an obstacle, 
  you should also work on your grammar . 
  a big part of being an engineer is looking like you know what you 're doing . 
  if any piece of writing with your name on it is as poorly formatted as this post , people might think you 're an idiot . 
  chewing gum can give you a boost in concentration for about 30 mins . 
  those are all part of the nz vernacular as well , except willy willy . 
  the tall poppy thing is dangerously close to a crab pot mentality in nz . 
  i 'm literally looking at an nz air force plane right now you knob, 
  there 's no way it can be older than the trig tables i used in school . 
  do it then . 
  be the change you want to see in the world . 
  damn all blacks , they always try to play the same game . 
  hey , you !, 
  why do n't you have pork bun in your hand ? 
  the military did n't teach you how to deal with stupid people ? 
  that 's unusual . 
  the primary purpose of those lights is selling them to slightly paranoid white guys who watch too many 80s action movies . 
  you 've ignored the intent of the question while still hitting the semantics . 
  dinner :, 
  2x indomie 2 minute noodles , 1 handful wasabi peas, 
  lunch : 110g of cheese , and some crackers . 
  breakfast : 2x protein bars , 1 double fistful of apricots . 
  i know it 's not that nutritious , but i usually add some bush asparagus , and it 's a day 's food for a three-day trip . 
  if anyone knows how i can mix it up a bit without costing or weighing too much , i 'd appreciate it !, 
  * which parties stand up for three particular issues relating to animal welfare ... 
  no , but i do n't know how many calories i consume in a day , either  i know from experience that 's about enough to keep me going for 12-16 km of moving around while hunting . 
  just worked out the energy content . 
  crackers : 1770 kj, 
  apricots : 1300 kj, 
  2x protein bars : 1600 kj, 
  cheese : ~ 400 kj, 
  my daily energy consumption is between 12000 kj and 18000 kj , depending on what calculator i use . 
  i 'm ok with losing weight for a couple of days , though . 
  this is n't a long trip . 
  yep , this is two points relating to animal welfare only in the context of farming , and one admin point that wo n't necessarily have an impact on animal welfare at all . 
  if animal welfare is a vote-making concern to you , this is such a tiny fraction of the issue . 
  well , it works alright . 
  i 'd like more , but i do n't really have time to rehydrate things like lentils , and if i were to cook rice i 'd need to carry more gas ... 
  in the past i 've gone with instant porridge for breakfast , but then i need to wash out my cup . 
  if you want to work in tech and want a shot at that kind of money , engineering is probably a better path . 
  you 're telling me that forming an organisation to do something is always successful , and always more successful than just adding responsibilities to existing organisations ? 
  did they really do that ? 
  that 's disgusting . 
  not just because it 's blatant loophole dodging , but because we bought something for the saudis : /, 
  i feel like if the mortality rate for piglets was that high , i 'd see more piglet carcases in the bush . 
  he lost me pretty recently . 
  he was all about appealing to youth , but then he changed tack pretty majorly with the maori seats thing . 
  given that he 's a small party and will probably only get one or two things done , that pretty much indicates that top is n't going to do fuck all for youth . 
  then his business tax policy came out , and that will hurt me directly . 
  i was pretty firmly in the top camp until then , too . 
  by saying that forming an independent body is guaranteed to fix the problem , you and safe are doing the same thing as me . 
  the only difference is the narrative . 
  new zealand is a country in the south pacific, 
  haha good point . 
  i have been told that , but it 's yet to happen to me . 
  sometimes it 's best just to let old people be a little crooked and live your own life , content in the knowledge that they 'll be dead soon . 
  nah , i 'm just saying that anyone who acts like establishing an independent body to solve something is a guaranteed solution is wrong , and safe is presenting a false dichotomy . 
  i suppose it 's only fair we give them another three years before we blame them . 
  it 's a little hard to ban something from the opposition side of the house . 
  until a few months ago all top was talking about was how they wants a ubi for youth , and how gareth plans to bring more into the pockets of wage earners , and how they plan to legalise cannabis , and make it easier to buy houses . 
  i 'm just leaving the ` youth ' age bracket , and all of those things made my youth hard at times . 
  the maori seats thing is an issue i could n't care less about - it 's just not my demographic . 
  i feel like maori would probably be better helped by policies which help youths , wage earners , and poor people . 
  since top is a small party , they stand a very small chance of actually achieving something . 
  and if they do , it 's only going to be one thing . 
  i thought they were on a similar page to me , but apparently they are n't . 
  the tax policy thing is a bit more personal . 
  i was n't really sure what you were asking , so i kinda shotgunned the answer . 
  yeah , i 'm aware it 's a position that 's hard to take without looking like a racist , but i encourage you to keep an open mind about it ... 
  i 'm not anti-maori , i 'm just not sure the maori seats do that much for them , and have other priorities for my vote . 
  i 'm not aware of any maori-specific issue that 's been solved by having maori seats . 
  besides , as far as i 'm aware , the maori party does an outstanding job of advocating for maori-specific interests , and the maori electorate system is terribly managed anyway . 
  i 'm open to have my mind changed on any of those points , it 's not something i know a lot about . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with your assertion that it 's a zero-sum game . 
  top is looking at two seats , if we 're extremely optimistic . 
  it 's also highly likely they 'll get no seats . 
  the only reason they 'll get more than one or two of their policies through is because another party agrees with them .
