  it 's to see if i could . 
  i think this theme could be delivered better either in writing , or a podcast , or with different video . 
  a stream of reaction gifs just is n't doing it for me . 
  still tho , you put more effort into your videos than me . 
  hahaha me too . 
  except the asian part . 
  a quirk of jargon means that fluorine is an oxidiser . 
  he 's quite attractive in lumpy space city, 
  really ? 
  i thought it was satire of just about any cause whatsoever . 
  no it is n't . 
  that 's just what they tell you it 's about . 
  drill is n't teamwork . 
  you are n't co-ordinating with those around you . 
  you 're responding to a noise . 
  imagine if you spent all that time doing drill on med training instead . 
  how many lives would be saved ? 
  i 've actually been taken off a combat lifesavers course to do a parade . 
  and as old mate says , if you want to learn now to operate like a machine effectively , train on a gun line . 
  new zealand 's air force places military equipment there all the time . 
  so it would be yanks vs kiwis . 
  re the kneepads : making one design to fit all alongside any other kit a pretty big feat for a manufacturer . 
  if you 're handy with a sewing awl you can get a bit of elastic and make some pretty sweet pads from some low-end kneepads . 
  it 's definitely worth a try , and a sewing awl is super easy to use . 
  do you look up often ? 
  probably related . 
  if you ignore the picture of the dance pad it looks like he 's standing there jerking it to footage of dark souls . 
  this community is pretty smitten with him , but i agree with you . 
  he looks like a sulky , dopey teenager . 
  while pouting . 
  why does n't he keep a jetski at millford beach and just ride it to the boat ? 
  i can think of worse ... like a high heel , or a gumboot, 
  i 've been offered a pretty sweet placement in auckland as part of my degree over summer , but i 'll be continuing to rent my place in palmy over this period . 
  what should i do about accommodation in auckland ? 
  i 'd like to do it cheap as . 
  i have a motorcycle and a tent . 
  as long as it 's cheap . 
  i have one of those too !, 
  yaaaay nz . 
  nobody here understands the share market , so they all buy property . 
  holy fuck do you brits really get changed out of cammies to drive home ? 
  did n't think of that . 
  thought it was probably just one of those shit regimental things . 
  fair enough i suppose . 
  that 's fucked . 
  i 've heard this from many sources , but they never mention volunteer militaries . 
  i 'd believe that conscripts generally would n't kill people , and maybe a few volunteers would n't either . 
  but with volunteers , i think most people would shoot people given the opportunity . 
  that 's if they can actually see them . 
  or does it just feel like hours ? 
  would n't that get a little bit of petrol inside the tyre ? 
  why the fuck are you guys cleaning the floor first ? 
  go top down , people !, 
  missing a vaporiser, 
  i would like to know more, 
  why do carabinieri travel in pairs ? 
  one can read , the other can write . 
  you know how to make stills but not how to upload pictures ? 
  yep . 
  why ? 
  i 'm at university now . 
  if autism counts as retardation , half my course is probably mildly retarded . 
  no , it comes out the next day and gets stuck in your butt hair . 
  tough shit . 
  people are better than you sometimes . 
  might as well learn today . 
  pizza is circular !, 
  and then you have the dozens of countries with functional public healthcare . 
  participation ribbon, 
  where 's that ear pro debble dog, 
  nah , but i would n't go for any personal bests . 
  hydrogen hydroxide, 
  you mean like in the rest of the civilised world ? 
  ` they 're made of meat ! ', 
  they 're the count from sesame st. 
  shitbot flair steven __ hawking, 
  they all look good to me . 
  where are you from ? 
  would it be feasible to store energy mechanically ? 
  like pumping water into a dam when household wind and solar are operating at peak ? 
  probably not , but hopefully someone better educated will tag in here with a better idea . 
  the classic argument here is that preventing licensed persons to carry concealed firearms does n't prevent unlicensed people from carrying illegally . 
  last time i looked the ai was terrible . 
  also , how do you think it compares to the m16s being used in 1992 ? 
  so it 's still terrible then ? 
  no , he asked about realism . 
  it 's hard to feel sorry for a guy who deliberately takes cover on the wrong side of a fence . 
  and even in multilayer , the game has a lot of ai controlled soldiers . 
  ' i want a game that makes me feel the grim reality of war ' . 
  how can you feel for a guy who runs in aimless circles and takes cover behind thin air ? 
  ffs . 
  just put ` plus tax ' on the tv ads and signs that come from out of store , and put the correct price on the actual item . 
  what do we think about turoa and whakapapa being open tomorrow ? 
  aaaoteoroa, 
  combine this with the constant ` why are we worrying about x when there 's y happening !? ', 
  and you have a perfect analogue for nz political discussion . 
  that 's a member of the echinometridae family . 
  it looks almost exactly like an nz kina , but it probably is n't . 
  how would a world war 2 era proximity fuse work ? 
  so civilian ed is n't a person ?
