  i need a degree so i can get a job to raise capital to pursue my own stuff , and to help cut through red tape . 
  12 year olds in africa kill each other with military kit all the time . 
  it 's literally made for a stressed out idiot to use proficiently while deaf , tired and pooing his pants . 
  he 'd be so slow most people could be pretty dangerous to him . 
  just keep moving around until he has a heart attack . 
  i 'd better not joke about it then . 
  what kind of red tape would i have to cut through to do this ? 
  yeah might have to have a crack at it myself . 
  should be able to score a bit of land outside some provincial city to park it on for around 80k , so it 's a house + section for 130k . 
  pretty slick . 
  it 's 7.6 m by 2.4 m , with a height of 4.2 m. 
  that 's not overdimension , that 's a simple light trailer . 
  already got one of those !, 
  what about sewerage though ? 
  do i have to crap in a bucket or construct a longdrop where i park it , or can i connect it to a sewerage system somehow ? 
  i do n't know why they could n't park on a residential section . 
  people use caravans as sleepouts all the time . 
  that 's right !, 
  which vested interests ? 
  i guess so , but it 's better than paying rent , where your money effectively disappears . 
  this way , you maintain a zero net position . 
  ( am i wrong ? ), 
  and if you buy a section to put it on , you can eventually develop it into a house . 
  how so ? 
  not in my provincial area . 
  drives a light-coloured 4wd ? 
  does all his renovations himself ? 
  only knows how to use a sabre saw and tech screws ? 
  a house is mostly an empty wooden box . 
  they should be alright . 
  nah i dunno , we open our windows every day . 
  shitty house still gets mouldy though . 
  he 's painted over the old mold on the ceiling , so the paint flakes off when we try to clean it . 
  i think he 's a farmer by trade . 
  he 's got a can-do attitude but no skill . 
  he just cut a bunch of branches off our tree and left them lying behind the house in a huge heap . 
  pretty sure they 'll be there for months . 
  he 's way too much a part of my life . 
  he 's around at least once a month to ` fix ' something , and the letting agency still does inspections . 
  i actually do n't know his name . 
  he 's got sorta dark blonde hair . 
  heavyset fella . 
  there 's an australian infantry unit that actually has a bard . 
  i have no idea who they were , but he rocks around in a kilt with bagpipes . 
  i seent it on hamil 2015 . 
  not mine . 
  when was that policy ? 
  also , the going rate for a security guard is quite a bit less than a private . 
  * primo minista, 
  what about buddhists ? 
  atheists ? 
  weird christian denominations ? 
  satanists ? 
  unless there 's chamois somewhere in here i ca n't see , you should have said ` pic of tourists at fox glacier ' . 
  adding to that , resisting automation will hurt industries that bring in a lot of export revenue . 
  overseas producers will be able to undercut us by replacing their human labourers . 
  your website looks like something wix-made for a restaurant , not something to serve information . 
  yeah that 's what i said, 
  if the caller does n't have a smartphone , the 111 service wo n't be able to track the caller by gps anyway . 
  what if you rock around with gps turned off ? 
  that 's what i do . 
  i had one guy claiming he was in the navy , posted to the philippines , wanting to buy a quad bike . 
  is there anywhere you can actually ride a racing quad in the philippines ? 
  in the sea, 
  northland is bloody huge . 
  farming is the only money in the region . 
  what mining ? 
  oh yeah , that too, 
  i understand , i had a friend in a similar situation with the army . 
  but remember , there 's a big backlog of applicants to the police . 
  why would they take anything but the best ? 
  i would prefer to have all officers trained to carry firearms . 
  in the grand scheme of things , using firearms effectively and responsibly is n't hard to train into people . 
  it 's necessary , because those organisations are n't short on applicants and do n't have money to throw around on risky applicants . 
  training a cop or soldier to have them quit due to stress ( or worse , kill themselves ) is not sustainable . 
  it 's better to filter out those who are more likely to drop out , and spend the money on the candidates who are likely to succeed . 
  join the mps , because 30 kph is too fast !, 
  seek out and discipline those with fluff on their beret !, 
  what makes a doctor an authority on the stresses involved in policing ? 
  i took english in year 13 . 
  i 've never used anything i learned in english after year 10 . 
  at that point , it becomes an art appreciation paper . 
  i would love to speak maori if it could be downloaded into my brain like in the matrix . 
  otherwise , no . 
  there 's heaps of wasted time at school , but there 's more productive things to fill it . 
  i 'd probably get more use from basic french and latin , but even that 's far down the ladder . 
  do you come south again ? 
  i like to hunt in the tararuas , but i only own a motorbike , so i get dropped off by a mate when he is n't busy . 
  i 'm in palmy . 
  would you be keen on a koha and a gamble at some venison ? 
  is it ok to ask multiple questions ? 
  what is your opinion on working with gareth morgan 's opportunity party ? 
  what is your opinion on online voting ? 
  will labour look at implementing it if elected ? 
  operational deployments are crucial to maintaining an effective military , particularly in fighting units in the army . 
  currently , there are very few privates and troopers in infantry and armour who have seen operational deployments . 
  ( i do n't have a number but i 'm willing to bet it 's less than 20 ) . 
  every time a rumour of a deployment surfaces , the boys are chomping at the bit to go . 
  usually , it 's the whole reason they joined up . 
  during the last three terms of national government , labour has expressed a strong opposition to using the combat capabilities of the nzdf .
