  manfield, 
  that 's a gunt, 
  look at all that beautiful cleared bush, 
  your question mark and your stop are around the wrong way , faggot . 
  you sound like a teenage girl . 
  do n't search for motivation , strive for discipline !, 
  seems like this has been well answered , but i 'll add something : a forklift course does absolutely not teach you to operate a forklift . 
  if someone killed the queen , who would sit around doing nothing in her place !, 
  ` those wankers with the logo that looks like a fluorescent anus ', 
  tourist revenue . 
  i like abusing him . 
  get that poor bird some sunglasses, 
  to be fair , i was n't sure if it was part of the eu . 
  you just described about 40 % of the episodes . 
  the rest are more ` ships cousellor farts around on the enterprise ' or ` worf plays cowboy ' . 
  what 's a womble ? 
  can i smoke weed on it ? 
  what 's it worth in blocks of cheese ? 
  hey guy , why do n't you go fuck yourself ? 
  hey guy , why do you type like a high schooler on facebook ? 
  i did n't know brazil counted as developed . 
  how did it go ? 
  mmmm , delicious table kung pao, 
  when are we going to get rid of this stupid law that trucks have to go 90km/h ? 
  does 10 km/h make a difference that ca n't be corrected with actually training the drivers ? 
  these guys are professional machine operators , not stoned commuters . 
  at least , they should be trained and skilled machine operators . 
  and we should be able to train them to decide on whether it 's safe to drive at 100km/h . 
  fair point , but that 's because we suck at infrastructure , not because truckies and trucks are awesome . 
  but the concept of throughput is n't taught in schools , and everybody thinks they know everything about driving safely , cause they 've been puttering around in their rav4 for years . 
  so anything relating to the roads is an issue hotly contested by people who are n't qualified to comment . 
  to me , that indicates that truck drivers are n't trained well enough , not that it 's unsafe to drive at that speed . 
  i do n't think that 's a relevant formula in this context . 
  the fact that the rest of the world can do it indicates that it 's possible . 
  there 's an obvious solution here . 
  make the sprinkler give a little hiss or spray before the deluge . 
  that way , the building owner does n't deal with homeless shit on his doorstep , and nobody gets hypothermia . 
  just an alternative suggestion - i rock a tough jacket that is n't really very warm . 
  it 's good for pushing through scrub , and you do n't get too hot . 
  when i 'm in one spot for a while , i throw a down jacket on underneath . 
  ditto the stuff about hunter 's gear . 
  a lot of stuff marketed to hunters is absolute crap because lots of them will drop hundreds on gear and not blink . 
  i fucking hope not . 
  that sounds like a prime target for the good idea fairy . 
  `` if we can sell our courses more by holding our students to a higher level of ethical conduct , maybe we should make them wear nice clothes , stop partying , and act ` professional ' too . '', 
  yes . 
  eventually . 
  it might take more than one molotov . 
  mix up the support . 
  instead of a shoe offering lots of cushiony softness , try something that 's just a thin layer between you and the ground . 
  might be a bit more comfortable for a barefoot walker . 
  unfortunately , it 's test and adjust . 
  shit article . 
  were the firearms seized from the hunters using lead shot , or only from the hunters without licenses ? 
  seems strange that you 'd confiscate firearms for using lead shot . 
  a fine to repair/offset the environmental damage would be a more appropriate punishment . 
  also , if we 're seizing firearms for people who are hunting without licenses , why are there only eleven guns ? 
  most people who own guns have three or more . 
  so either duck shooters are being punished in a strange way , or the three people without licenses happened to have exactly eleven guns in a position where they could be confiscated . 
  this sounds like a job for journalism !, 
  it 's a bit strong to confiscate their firearms then , is n't it ? 
  but why take the gun away for firing lead shot ? 
  seems a bit strong , and does n't really fit the crime . 
  i suppose it probably is effective . 
  i just do n't think it 's fair for a first time offender , and would really like it if the article fleshed the details around the confiscations a bit more . 
  do you get it back when you pay the fine ? 
  i would n't put them in the same basket . 
  one is a matter of pollution and animal cruelty , the other is a matter of public safety . 
  yum . 
  tree bark . 
  you 're both painting a biased picture from opposite sides . 
  they were n't forced from their homes , but there 's definitely a strong element of stick to go with the carrot . 
  they were forced to leave by stupid government , i guess . 
  he might have my vote the only thing i can find against him is that he is n't really a known element in politics . 
  but the known elements are all shit , so why not ? 
  it may also be because these groups of people are a little more right - leaning than the general population . 
  it may also be because labour is the major left party , and they 've been crap for nine years . 
  not when national has been in for nine ( ? ), 
  years . 
  we ca n't have people voting if they do n't intend to be here more than a term or two . 
  democracy is meant to reflect the society . 
  that 's not to say old mate 's wife is about to leave , but we do n't really have a way to assess how long someone will be here . 
  this comment is terrible . 
  be careful how deep you go . 
  landscaping is a gateway to gardening . 
  because the three guys without licenses will probably still have a whole bunch of guns . 
  will they lose the rest ? 
  that 's an important detail . 
  you do n't usually automatically lose a thing just because you used it to break the law . 
  lead pellets are banned because they 're effectively pollution . 
  do cars get confiscated for leaking oil ? 
  taking the gun away does nothing to help the situation . 
  maybe they 'll be fined later . 
  who knows ? 
  not us , because the article does n't cover it !, 
  i 'm not saying that anything the fish and game wardens did was necessarily wrong , but this article does a piss poor job of explaining the situation beyond ` some dudes broke some rules and got some guns taken away ' . 
  how does that fix the damage they did to the wetland ? 
  i hunt a lot . 
  i do n't fish or duck shoot though , and have never in my life seen a fish and game warden . 
  i did assume they meant gun license , actually .
