  i did n't say you should n't be barred entry if you did poorly in school . 
  just that you should have to wait until after 20 . 
  good craftsmanship, 
  what 's with this holy saturday shit ? 
  why does it get a name if it 's not even worth time and a half ? 
  sometimes not even that , they do the basic outline , some calculations based on values from tables , and then send it to a cad tech . 
  i 'm a massey student in a different school . 
  can i subscribe to your feed of leaked docs please ? 
  good educated guess . 
  you have one license per person , endorsements ( classes ) for each type of firearm , and a permit to procure for each individual firearm that only applies if it 's super special . 
  they need to be free . 
  spending thousands to learn something that does n't pay is a rich person 's game . 
  seconded . 
  there is no such thing as momentum from high school . 
  arts degrees are awesome . 
  however , it 's a poor life decision to spend years and a small mortgage developing skills that do n't pay . 
  the problem is n't bas , it 's the system surrounding them . 
  what 's your definition of ` paying ' ? 
  do you know anybody with an arts degree on more than 55k a year ? 
  because that 's my personal figure for living a good life . 
  being a professor does n't count . 
  are you suggesting arts be a mandatory component of non-arts tertiary courses ? 
  i refuse to pay to learn things that do n't pay . 
  i would go to a university that does n't make me do that , and i do n't think i 'm alone . 
  this would need to be mandatory at every single university for this policy to have any success . 
  society should contain people with arts education . 
  the more the better . 
  however , millenials are getting more expensive tertiary education than any previous generation . 
  they 're then entering a world with a harder job market and harder housing market than ever before . 
  telling young people they can lead a happy life in this world by borrowing money to learn skills that wo n't return their investment is doing them a disservice . 
  i think people should be aware of the risks they 're taking with every path . 
  obviously , do n't do something you do n't like , but do n't expect something to work out just because you like it . 
  i want the story behind that scar . 
  all he needs is an eyepatch and he 'd be a cartoon villian . 
  if i want to invest in myself through education , that 's my business . 
  the implication that a single paper in anthropology or painting is necessary to make me into a well-rounded human being is ridiculous , and requiring me to pay for the privilege is silly . 
  who 's to say i 'm not retraining after a long and fulfilling career that filled me with a sense of civic duty , critical thinking skills , debating ability , or any other stuff that arts education claims to provide ? 
  what kind of pretentious academic would suggest their brand of knowledge can provide something that 's so absolutely rare that it can only be provided through the arts ? 
  the idea that whatever arts provides is so completely unobtainable that i need to literally buy into it to prevent society from coming to harm is small minded . 
  already did , but that 's because of the accomodation cost . 
  i find the assumption that i 'm not already well-rounded a little insulting , and asking me to pay for some pretentious academic 's idea of well-roundedness is a bridge too far . 
  we 're not all 18-year-old blank slates . 
  some of us are just trying to upskill or change direction in life , and that should be our perogative . 
  but do n't you think it 's a little pretentious to think that your chosen field has so much to offer society that everyone should be forced to learn it for a while ? 
  what does mandatory english study offer me if i 've already read that paper 's texts in my free time ? 
  what does mandatory theater offer somebody if they 're already in an improv group ? 
  what makes a university so special that it can dictate what people need to know just to accumulate ` culture ' ? 
  i agree . 
  but the idea of it being mandatory is stupid . 
  i would think mandatory garnishing of any salary and inability to emigrate overseas would be something to worry about . 
  matt berry 's evil twin, 
  if you think an arts education is automatically better than years of life experience , you 're pretentious . 
  i might have been feeding crippled orphans and clearing minefields while translating aramaic . 
  you do n't know . 
  education in the arts is good for society . 
  however , the idea that i need to pay for it is stupid . 
  we 're in the information age . 
  if i want to learn something , i 'll do some youtube tutorials or read wikipedia . 
  saying i need to waste time in lecture theatres and exams to gain well-roundness is narrow-minded . 
  discounting the real-world character building that academia will never deliver is narrow-minded . 
  it 's when you go to university and study whatever you want . 
  the end goal is to accumulate enough points in a particular subject . 
  you come out with a degree indicating that you know lots about your major . 
  this is in contrast to a professional degree , which gives you a title at the end that indicates you have particular skills . 
  engineer , doctor , teacher . 
  if not wanting to spend nearly a grand and 4 months on something that wo n't get me anything back is overly mercantile , i have a bridge to sell you . 
  yeah i saw your long-arse post . 
  love your work . 
  the league ? 
  that would make my four year be into a five year be without making me a better engineer . 
  building on your long-arse post , do you really think that arts components should be mandatory in non-arts degrees ? 
  i disagree , and i 'd like to know your opinion on the following :, 
  i 'm studying engineering . 
  i have n't been in the industry yet , but i feel like maths in particular is very rushed . 
  there 's hardly time in my four-year degree for things i need to know , let alone things that would be nice to know . 
  for engineers , the need-to-know is actually quite important . 
  that knowledge could prevent them from accidently making things that kill people . 
  my degree already contains a significant research and communication component . 
  i 'm also a retread . 
  i 'm not pretending i 've seen and done it all , but i 'm not an intellectually blank slate . 
  i 've rubbed noses with different people in high stress situations , and read plenty of books because i grew up without a tv and spent a lot of time in places without power . 
  my partner has an arts education . 
  looking at her course content , i ca n't see anything that would significantly enrich my life or greatly broaden my horizons that i could n't get elsewhere in life . 
  everybody should keep an open mind , including me , but time and money are on the line when you 're at university . 
  my life is already well underway and i 'm without a house or the funds to get one . 
  all of my hard skills from my previous life are n't applicable in new zealand 's job market . 
  for me , university is a place to gain skills and nothing more . 
  i do n't see how a university can ethically make the call that charging me to study the arts will benefit me . 
  therefore , i do n't think they can ethically make the call on anyone else 's behalf . 
  i think that doing so would only make public opinion of the arts and a ` classical ' education even worse . 
  a population with low curiosity and critical thinking skills is a major problem . 
  but forcing the arts on people is not the solution . 
  i 'm an adult student doing undergrad . 
  fucking love my student allowance . 
  i live on 25 % more money than my 19 year old compadres . 
  this has to give me an unfair academic advantage . 
  that 's a classic way to make customers think you know shit . 
  ` have you ever x ? ', 
  if no , then relevant anecdote or recommendation showing that you know about x. 
  if yes , then ' i thought so , because evidence/because you 're obviously a discerning person ' .
