  i mean , most of them made that decision at 17 , and started down that path at 14 . 
  and they were often told by their parents/teachers that ` any degree proves you 're intelligent , you 'll get a good job with it ' . 
  that said , it 's fun as fuck , and if i 'm getting ` engineering = autism ' jokes then it 's fair game . 
  that clearly says ` rank box ', 
  by toutatis !, 
  i fucking hate that one . 
  they 're shit cunts , and they think changing their name will make me forget . 
  it 's a shit , committee designed name to match a shitty monument-to-clipart logo . 
  and the branding used to be good : a logo with the name in it so you 're not playing ` spot the pictogram ' , and a name that identifies what the company is ( telecom = telecommunications ) . 
  now it 's just a cliched cliche . 
  trump 's not really pro-soviet either , given that russia today is pretty different from its soviet union days . 
  if it 's 90 mins , there 's probably an aptitude test involved . 
  or they 're making you take 90 mins because they have lots of people to get through and might take a long time . 
  it 's some human contact to make sure you 're not autistic , and some questions to make sure you can do some basic reasoning . 
  ` show me the docket that proves you delivered a package to that house ', 
  your extended family must be a lot tighter than mine . 
  or a close up of a pimple, 
  i agree . 
  what 's wrong with ` fire in the port hills ' as a title ? 
  wow , good looking out, 
  anzacs deliberately slaughter most of the fighting age males in an arab villiage . 
  edit : and then refuse to cooperate with the british military investigation , so the instigators went unpunished . 
  maybe someone can answer my question : wanganui and hawkes bay maori apparently have some kind of historic beef . 
  what 's the story with that ? 
  props to that cop . 
  maybe i 'm a wuss , but i 'd probably hit that guy with the car before trying to manhandle him . 
  the dude must weigh half a tonne . 
  he can leap tall motorcycles in a single bound !, 
  hahaha holy fuck that 's bad, 
  but it 's a fire in the port hills, 
  porch monkey, 
  spear chucker, 
  ` big fire in the port hills ', 
  i like my media to use precise language , and explain things quickly and clearly with no fluff . 
  rapper, 
  houses burned in port hills, 
  it 's still worse than the google search bar, 
  part of me believes that if you 're stupid enough to believe his shit , you deserve what 's coming to you . 
  cheers for the response . 
  the diamondback is 450-600 nzd here . 
  if it 's a huge increase in quality over something like the vortex i could be keen , or if i could find it at a discount . 
  any equivalents from other companies that are worth looking into ? 
  i found a youtube video that shows a guy with a crossfire who kept having issues with it fogging up after multiple replacement scopes ( he was putting it in the freezer , mind you ) . 
  is that common ? 
  thanks for the reply . 
  wow , that looks nice !, 
  might be a winner . 
  nikon has a pretty good rep too , right ? 
  buy from trademe or a facebook group , sell on same at end . 
  dealerships are an option , but they 're significantly more expensive than buying from a human ( a few thousand difference ) . 
  you 'll lose more money buying from a dealership and then selling . 
  facebook groups :, 
  motorbike hustle, 
  bike sale nz, 
  motorbikes for sale nz, 
  there are local groups for different parts of the country . 
  depending on where you are , you may have difficulty selling the bike quickly unless you go to a dealership . 
  where are you going to/from ? 
  i rate the howa model 1500, 
  it doubles as a towell , balaclava , rain cover ... 
  somebody at my local range uses a setup a lot like that for target shooting . 
  and the odd person still uses 303 . 
  30 years ago it was 303 almost exclusively . 
  stop wearing your uniform then, 
  or he was a cardboard cutout of a gurkha, 
  i 'm a kiwi . 
  you 're supposed to know that it 's ` tonne ' . 
  but do n't feel bad , most kiwis do n't know that either . 
  i think ` why ' in general is probably a bad bone to throw politicians , it lets them take the question and meander around the issue however the fuck they want . 
  ` how ' kind of limits the amount of bullshit they can spew , because it has to be tangentially related . 
  this is n't a question , more of a way to ask questions . 
  if he gives a non-answer or dodges the question , can you ask it again ? 
  and if he dodges the question a second time , call him out on it . 
  say ` but that does n't really answer the question . 
  do you not have an answer ? ', 
  and ask him again . 
  i constantly see politicians avoiding questions , and when they 're finished blithering , the interviewer just moves on to the next topic as if what they 've said is an acceptable answer . 
  please cut through this fluff !, 
  the obvious solution is to have it free to get in , and charge a fuckton to get out again, 
  just sit the arse end on a belt, 
  real talk : where was i meant to learn all of these trig identities ? 
  i never covered them in school , and when i got to uni the lecturer just started using them . 
  every now and then they still pull out a trig identity from somewhere and i have no idea where it came from . 
  i produce all of my comments by throwing darts at things, 
  winter here is n't that bad for riding . 
  i ride year-round . 
  a copy of factorio each on steam . 
  following on from that , does anybody know how maori handled cold temperatures ? 
  in drawings they have very basic cloaks , but no sleeves . 
  solar and wind only work when it 's sunny or windy . 
  if we attempted to subsist entirely off them , we 'd either need storage technology to come a long way , or ( more likely ) we 'd just end up building gas turbines so everyone can boil the kettle at 7am . 
  geothermal , on the other hand ... 
  how would you enforce that ? 
  people would still do spots because half of us are poor . 
  maybe not as much though . 
  it 's true . 
  maori blatantly over fish up north . 
  common enough . 
  you are eligible for adult entry now . 
  your school marks do n't matter any more .
