we both know where this conversation will lead so lets not continue bro . 
  i dont think it 'll happen because our pm have to fight something all the time ( even if its made up pure bullshit ) and the immigration is a good opportunity for him . 
  * because he is the holy warrior king of all hungarians and will never back off from a fight !, 
  i lol 'd . 
  civilains * mah engrisch s no gut enuff, 
  i brought them 6 bottle of mineral water they didnt accepted it because they are full with supplies from civilians . 
  edit : ~ ~ civils ~ ~ civilains, 
  idk go to less refugee popular countries to not freeze to death on the streets ? 
  that was my first thought ... do these people even know what winter is like here ? . 
  i hope with the first cold wind of the autumn they realise they have to go , they can no longer wait for asylum . 
  the winter refugee stories will be horrible . 
  edit : deleted a sentence which i didnt think through . 
  in the countryside cyclist know they have to be careful around cars and medi/high traffic roads , but in the city sometimes it seems like they expect the car drivers to be more careful . 
  and in the cities the average age of them is much lower than in small towns where mostly drunk men use them to go home from the pub . 
  wow thats a long list , me bucko !, 
  wow , i cant see the other side of this ammount of sarcasm, 
  thank mr yurop, 
  broken english tl ; dr version : - our policemen and soldiers have to make their own rain shelters along the border because the issued raincoat doesnt protect from the rain , also they didnt recieve anything to protect themselves from the cold . 
  - they work 14-16 hours a day and many of them travel 3 hours . 
  the promised couple of service days often becames more than just a couple of days . 
  - they are not allowed to take their mobiles with them , not allowed to talk to each other on patrol . 
  - after 5 months the conditions is still the same . 
  - about 2000 patrolling on the southern border . 
  its like the `` france always surrender '' meme , this too doesnt make sense if you know a little world history . 
  thats not how you draw a polandball . 
  redddit is banned again in turkey !, 
  your prize is : not a damn thing !, 
  ^ ^ edit . 
  : word, 
  thank you holmes . 
  looks like its ready its to make a horror movie there . 
  or in short we usually say bu\u00c9k !, 
  edit : word, 
  really ? 
  i did not know that btw im not living in budapest, 
  b-b-but we have the ... uhh ... this unique attitide !, 
  ... which we share with the finns ... 
  we are also goofy , pessimistic and introverted and noone comes here !, 
  dangit im late , but im giving my 2 cents anyway . 
  if youd like to experience how george orwell 1984s dictature came to be go no further than hungary !, 
  we did it reddit !, 
  i love that you kept the original look of the eu in this image . 
  the town i live was a popular place to build weekend houses back in the communism . 
  people from budapest came here to spend their holidays or weekends . 
  nowdays we have 3 areas for these kind of houses and many are still in use ( the ones which are in the better side of it ) many are absorbed into the town and some is a cheap housing for the ... unwanted/fcked up/very poor/heavy addict/gypsy people . 
  you see comrade in communist soviet russia you give your lands to be protected by the motherland . 
  you automatically get 5 star wanted level ? 
  it is too good to be true . 
  edit : waiting for confirmation tho . 
  immigration is a good if the immigrant is not different too much culturally imo, 
  i worked with people enough to know common people doesnt know what they want or what will benefits them so i kinda understand why every politician have to do it . 
  and i think this cant be the only reason why the `` common people 's reality/problem '' thing exists . 
  this might sound offensive/dick/ignorant / whatever and im just courious but ... what do you mean by `` common people 's reality ? '', 
  it sounds to me something magical , like everyone is saying it but noone really knows what it is . 
   hungarian empire so our government will successfully revert back to kingship . 
  he pull out the money instead . 
  cant access with mobile :(, 
  that is underwhelming , even our 19th century basilica is 100 meters tall which is our tallest building if we dont count chimneys and radio towers . 
   he should marry orb\u00e1n slovak hungarian monarchy just sounds weird . 
  with hairy armpit, 
  id like to have what you are smoking . 
  what you said is too absurd . 
  we never really had enough migrants to have a same view on them . 
  generally right winged people dont want them and we have a huge chunk of the population who just doesnt give a shit . 
  watching all this brexit from inside eu feels like im sitting in the first row of a movie theater ... but the canvas is on fire ... i shouldnt be entertained by it this much . 
  or in other words : politicians blaming eu for everything to gain votes/power . 
  its not a matter of `` if you want '' , you dont go to picnic without a zs\u00edros keny\u00e9r , bring some scones if you want to be the best hungarian picnicer . 
  you forgot the most hungarian picnic food : grease onion bread with salt, 
  yes we should try to revive the roman empire !, 
  oohhh wait , no !, 
   and more importantly , we beat netherlands . 
  this is what i came for . 
  calm down bro , after the mongolian invasion and so much time the original hungarian genetics is pretty much non existent . 
  and even more history fighting turks and because of these events we were forced to be more submissive to austria . 
  alternate post title : the triggering of hungary , bulgaria , moldova and ukrain ... oh and serbia too , i guess, 
  oh boy , i hope you have some popcorn cuz dis gon b gud . 
  alternative facts is bad m ` kay, 
  not sure if sarcasm or not . 
   new and advanced hospital * cries in hungarian *, 
  allright i guess i skip this political argument , im not in the mood for it now, 
  fidesz and orban is not in power since 1998 they lost the next election . 
  [ my first thought when i read this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/chaimzg.gif ) nah , cant be . 
  in hungary we have a russian backed political party and tv news station . 
  and our prime minister and his party rather prefers putin and russia over europe so they say pro russian crap in the news . 
  this is the most european thing to do , to beat the crap out of other europeans . 
  we just wanted to fit in !, 
  just ignore # 2 because its just not true, 
  may i join your club ? 
  at least we didnt fall from a colonial power like that to nowadays portugal level . 
  [ the relevant polandball comic ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bpxf5tv.png ), 
  keep it up neighbour . 
  sounds like something polandball usa would say, 
  im not professional but wouldnt the emus eat through the walls ? 
  we heard yo like coat of arms so we put coat of arms inside of coat of arms inside of coat of arms ... 
  ive been to orava castle and i dont see any similarity . 
  we have small bussiness in hungary ... its painfully true ... 
  ghandi did nothing wrong, 
  mother of wall-o-text !, 
  cant you take a compliment ? 
  howdy neighbour !,
