[ this picture says otherwise ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jso4u8s.jpg ) [ and this features a bare-chested mademoiselle ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a7/eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg/1280px-eug%c3%a8ne_delacroix_-_la_libert%c3%a9_guidant_le_peuple.jpg ), 
  yeah no way ak party will suddenly do a 180 and change policy to screw with the eu and send them packing toward the border . 
  while we 're at unrealistic scenarios and these issues that require immense thrust ; why not have the greek and turkish military work together in greece and turkey ? 
  as long as ak party is in charge and gets enough support we should n't budge and trust turkish politics with islamofacist erdogan holding rallies in germany calling on turks not to integrate and host courses for different politicians of turkish descent that live in eu countries effectively trying to propagate turkish rule or whatever political motivations lie behind those shadowy practices and institutions like gulen or the grey wolves movement . 
  the moment the eu naievely helps turkey in that regard i suspect ak party will reverse policy and send them off to europe in droves . 
   the netherlands are a quite good example of multi-cultural integration excellent if you only count the many indonesians and other asians . 
  very bad if you select the many moroccans , less bad if you select turks and '' the worst '' if you select those from the dutch caribbean antilles . 
  so , inaction and endless empathy till all social services are drained and if it turns out once again third world immigration is becoming a net-loss in a wide range of topics ( economy , social cohesion , welfare , healthcare ) we are left with the measles . 
  i 'd imagine there is or rather should become policy that takes care of those deemed unwanted and processed ; there are many nigerians , bangladeshis and pakistanis coming with these new third world groups i personally think all those should be send out pronto . 
   compassion and generosity are off season now . 
  enter the cycle  how long and how much compassion and generosity to ever growing groups of refugees at present but also possible future conflicts or how about the 400 million nigerians that will suffer from internal conflicts and economic hardship up to 2050 or what about the 25 million young egyptians with bleak economic future ? 
  what if it turns out decades from now that along with a sizable integrated group ( at significant surging costs ) came steep rise in crime , parallel societies and in conclusion our country become worse-off . 
  i do n't want society worse off , least of all all this for the feel good feelings of mostly liberal elities and the left well-off in their rich neighborhoods but with a nimby attitude . 
  i am going to vote for wilders , purely because he is the only one in electable spot opposed to third world immigration , over 50 % of the nation is opposed to it iirc . 
  because he 's an elected people 's representative and is one of the biggest parties virtually currently . 
  of course he knows any deemed controversial thing he says gets skewed media attention so he can profit from that . 
  yeah but no they 'll never run out of coal and uhh evil thatcher was evil / s. 
  at present i wonder what the plan of action , if even , would be when millions of refugees knock on europe 's door step from coming conflicts and war-zones or even the many millions in refugee camps other than syria . 
  there are 25 million young egyptians with bleak economic future , nigeria 's population will skyrocket to 400 million in our lifetimes with many internal issues only growing larger . 
  what about the hundreds of millions in pakistan and bangladesh which already has an outflow of young immigrants trying to reach europe at present ? 
  it 'll only serve to devalue europe , increasing negative statistics in a wide range of topics . 
  that said syrians are arguably set for better prospects as refugees in europe than north african arabs , sub-saharan immigrants but i have a hard head in believing eu countries are pro-actively showing the door to those trying to pick a grain from this crisis and illegally entering europe without being eligible for refugee status . 
  most poignantly i remember an interview on kos where the journalist met malians that sought to enter sweden or germany/the netherlands , they went to turkey by plane then to kos on dingy . 
  these desired countries even have active military presence in mali and where after the french intervention and un operation minusma things have calmed significantly in the south ( where the airport is ) . 
  i also overheard a senegalese speaking in french , bragging , to a coworker how he scammed the system by acting sad and garning pity from social workers . 
  how he had altercations with french police and border patrol . 
  i guess some have not forgotten the \u00b4 grey wolves \u00b4 attack on pope john paul ii . 
  with these influxes shadowy and extremist groups completely counter to the catholic church will also surge . 
  plenty of thwarted terror plots from somali communities in the us also , along with those travelling to syria . 
  the marghrebis in france , moroccans in denmark , germany and benelux these are heavily overrepresented in their countries ' crime statistics . 
  we still take in somalians and eritreans whilst there are already the people ( from after the 90s civil war ) going on \u00b4 holiday \u00b4 in somalia . 
  the point is you \u00b4 re only set to make your society worse with the influx of third world refugees and immigrants when there is no stop to worldwide warzones and conflicts , take the 25 million young egyptians with little economic future or the milions of pakistanis , bangladeshis and nigerians ( countries booming with birth ) factor in climate change and voila perfect recipe for disaster . 
  and in 20 years time with rampant crime , parallel societies and some groups heavily represented in certain crime with more and more banlieues '' we '' ask ourselves '' how could this happen ? '', 
  '' dutch '' as he is said to have double passports . 
  the parent link tells this comforting , naive lie : '' i now only hope we are not engaging in the same ghettoisation and discrimination that has turned a generation of turkish immigrants into an issue case . '', 
  as if no fault can befall those segregating among themselves , their own parallel societies and failure to integrate . 
  german mainstream media is even more distorting facts and imagery relating to the incoming waves of refugees , so it 's not a suprise seeing people welcoming non-refugee assylum seekers profiting of this crisis . 
  will they be held personally responsible for when this new group turns out be heavily represented in ( new ) crimes ? 
  and icelanders that do not want this be the victim ? 
  https://www.ssb.no/175902/offences-reported-to-the-police-by-type-of-offence.absolute-figures http://www.ssb.no/en/innvbef/ http://www.ssb.no/en/befolkning/statistikker/folkemengde have it your way , sven . 
  now i have to get to bed because i have to work on babyboomber people 's yachts tomorrow , might even meet some of your fellow fish-eater kin then i 'll ask them how they perceive the downtrodden city center filled with gangs of syrians , somalis and africans that are in no way refugees oh and ca n't forget the pickpocketing gypsys at the city centers which i 'm sure if you ever get to oslo are quite familiar with , enriched perhaps even . 
  amazing , people so emotional yet ca n't be arsed to write more than 1 sentence ad hominem rebukes . 
  great insight , much discussion . 
  you think there are statistics being kept about these issues ? 
  they get swept with the burden of domestic violence and rape that occurs . 
  all non-asian , non-western immigration features immigrant groups very-heavily represented in criminal statistics in western europe . 
  namely the antillians and moroccan youth in the netherlands , the marghrebis in france . 
  meanwhile , we have syrian jihadists orchestrating attacks in europe , eritrean ` refugees ' killing native swedes . 
  at my local playground two 8yo girls raped by somalis , almost lost my own brother by way of a knife-wielding afhgan that later stabbed two over petty argument , leaving one permanently immobile for the rest of his life . 
  even if that was purely because of his '' traumas '' ( it was n't ) . 
  get this : we 're taking in a net-loss to our societies and economies , crime stats show this and will show this that much more with the advent of many more third world people . 
  there are 46,7 million refugees in the world . 
  there are never-ending conflicts and warzones , famines and pests roaming about large parts of the world . 
  population of africa is exponentially rising . 
  how many refugees can europe take before it too slips and degrades into chaos and misery ? 
  why should we have to see our countries degraded and worse-off with the arrival of millions of outsiders ? 
  should we take the number of africans that took a plane ( ! ), 
  to turkey hoping to get into europe ? 
  if one day , syria is peaceful again will these people leave on their own accord back to syria ? 
   `` they have smartphones , so they cant be refugees '' . 
  they are '' fleeing '' past arabic countries and past turkey . 
  they do n't stop once they have reached italy or greece , bulgaria but head over another few borders to north western europe . 
  they are long since not feeling from war if turkey was safe for them upon entering europe they are trespassing and influencing ( in a more negative way compared to the native populace ) . 
   , you better cough them up asap . 
  woah there internet tough guy , i 'm creaming my pants . 
  i do n't think germany specific keeps data that specific in fear of social unrest . 
  for norway i 've heard plenty about oslo , one kristin spitznogle spoke out about what she perceived working as a psychologist . 
  i 'm sure you wo n't find many ethnicity and background related data on comitted rapes apart from perhaps interracial violence being more common , marriages being more violent and dis-bound sooner . 
  we 'll probably notice it much more with the coming hordes of people , unemployed with little economic perspective that has tahrir square , egypt written all over it . 
  majority of them male 15-35 but you 're alluding that wo n't cause any sort of ripple effect in the societies they end up ? 
  society will just move about normally with an increase of humans but no increase of rapes from these new humans ? 
  aside from that all these groups show up very negative in employment , welfare recipient , school drop out and other such statistics compared to the native dane/german/dutch . 
  is there a war in western turkey ? 
  what sort of incentive would drive them to make the voyage to north western europe ? 
   also fucking good cooks . 
  amazing , truly amazing . 
  you like to shine on this aspect of third world immigration . 
  what are you going to say to the disproportionate amount of new rapes ( on more desired german girls ) orchestrated by groups and new gangs from africa and the me ? 
  the f-16 was responsible for most cas missions in afghanistan and was deemed more accurate . 
  a-10s are in need of heavy repairs increasingly with old airframes . 
  the cannon is outdated for it 's originally designated purpose ( tank busting in the european theater of war ) . 
  the cannon is also heavy . 
  even in the days of the cw the aircraft had the pentagon worried with severe losses predicted the first few days of conflict . 
  and then you have integrated air defense systems , manpads given out like candy by russia like we can see happening in e ukraine . 
  ac130s , reapers , predators , faster apaches with drone control and the f-35 as a more effective , more carry load and faster f-16s . 
  that is looking to be the future for cas with no planned a-10 successor in the works , which would lose it 's cannon if they were to create a successor but as of yet there is no desire for it iirc . 
  what age category ? 
  i do n't think there are many , if any currently around 16-35 currently single . . 
  most of them seem quite young still . 
  i suggest downgrading to lesser-paid royals ? 
  http://agentz.nl/agentz-royal-hot-list-appetijtelijke-prinsen/ edit : not a single unmarried prince in the first line kin to the royal family , most are princesses anyway . 
  yeah the marechaussee origin lies around 1814 iirc just shortly after napoleonic rule , with the elite and politicians at the time favoring french as the language '' above the common folk '' . 
  i 'm seriously doubting as with her father and others in the royal family that she will go to vwo ( highest form of middle-high school in the nl ) on her own merits or even by scores and teacher advice . 
  also a permanent marechaussee unit will be stationed at her new school . 
  and i 'm just going to assume she 'll be followed on her way to school too . 
  a female , blonde flemish journalist got posession of an ak in brussels in under an hour . 
  i 'd image it would be mere seconds for a 26 year old moroccan with the right - long established - connections . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hvjuu/terror_incident_in_talys_from_amsterdam_to_paris/ should have known gunman was the correct term to be used by zeh narrative mods . 
  that was the first big thread btw . . 
  does this headline feature '' opinion '' as described in the community rules ?
