italian journalism is absolute garbage . 
  they pull this kind of **** on a daily basis . 
  zero issue publishing name , photo and ( often speculative ) details about non-public individuals , even if they are merely suspected of something . 
  scandinavia is very anti-nato in general . 
  many would see it as a huge sacrifice . 
  sweden and finland wo n't join unless they absolutely have to . 
  many would prefer to see russia sanctioned to hell so we * dont * have to join and rather invest in our own deterrents . 
  edit : i 'm talking about the voters here , politicans have always more or less secretely collaborated with nato over the years, 
  preaching to the choir mate . 
  sweden dismantled its military because , juts like everybody else , they thought war for territory in our part of the world was over and done with + free money . 
  we should invest heavily in reliable deterrents against air and sea attacks around our eastern coast , but thats about all we can do . 
  other than that it 's going to be economic/information warfare and an inevitable alliance with nato or a future eu initiative , should russia not transform overnight after putins departure, 
  12 months of hard sanctions will also completely tank the european recovery economy and put millions out of jobs and into povery . 
  its not that straight forward . 
  the eu should do whatever it can . 
  the eu is not a single actor ( yet ) , you are talking about dozens of countries with separate militaries who all have separate interests and are all sovereign states . 
  coordinating them , even in the face of such an immense threat , is very difficult for obvious reasons . 
  that said i have no doubt europe will step up its game . 
  now its about european solidarity and many leaders will feel that they must act irregardless of their fiscal interests . 
  how would any dutch leader today argue for easening the sanctions ? 
  wow . 
  i had no idea and i 'm so glad someone in that mess had the brains to see this coming, 
  putin is done everyone 's hands are now tied and putin essentially must withdraw from ukraine or there will be some form of war . 
  he could 've exited two weeks ago and russia would 've still been the world 's asshole , but without any extreme long-lasting consequences . 
  now they are done . 
  the sooner putin is removed the sooner russia can recover . 
  stop praising this . 
  i do agree with her , the eu should absolutely do as much as it can , and it has n't so far , but this is clearly just a media spin move aimed at shaming eu into more action . 
  the us does this every single time anything happens . 
  nato has been working closely with sweden for decades and now suddenly that russia is acting up , the message is `` well if russia comes you are on your own , you 're not in nato , bye bye . 
  better join up :3 '' the problem is of course , the eu ca n't take military actions . 
  the commission does n't have the power to do that . 
  the only thing the eu can do right now is to keep the us military might behind them and as much economic destruction as it can ahead . 
  this is how war works now and i hope putin 's confidence came from thinking the gas made him invincible . 
  buffer troops or more military on the western border should come from the un or nato and will only be beneficial if russia refuses to let down and keep accelerating, 
  a study entitled `` divided we stand : why inequality keeps rising '' by the organisation for economic co-operation and development ( oecd ) reported its conclusions on the causes , consequences and policy implications for the ongoing intensification of the extremes of wealth and poverty across its 22 member nations ( oecd 2011-12-05 ) . 
  income inequality in oecd countries is at its highest level for the past half century . 
  the average income of the richest 10 % of the population is about nine times that of the poorest 10 % across the oecd , up from seven times 25 years ago . 
  in the united states inequality has increased further from already high levels . 
  [ 10 ] [ 11 ] `` other traditionally more egalitarian countries , such as germany , denmark and sweden , have seen the gap between rich and poor expand from 5 to 1 in the 1980s , to 6 to 1 today . 
  '' [ 10 ] source : wikipedia http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic_inequality, 
  this is going to happen sooner or later ( imo ) . 
  assuming world income disparity continues to increase as it has the last decades i do n't see anything stopping economically and politically stressed europe and us from essentially giving the world the finger and having the cake, 
  germany all the way . 
  they are our neighbours and the first country you pass through when crossing the sea over to the continent . 
  my dad used to tell stories of how he was constantly screwed over and treated like dirt around europe back in the 50-60s because people would assume he was german ( blonde ) and it always left me with a sense of sympathy for contemporary germans who have to shoulder that . 
  they are great tourists , polite , enjoy our nature but clean up , which is important here since private property rights do not extend to camping/hiking . 
  german students i meet daily are typically hard to get to know but amazing friends if you get there . 
  to actually answer the question . 
  swedish sentiment towards germany is from what i know very positive , especially now that europe seems to be collapsing around us while germany stays relatively strong . 
  merkel has been at the forefront in going up against putin in ukraine , which has been a very cold shower for scandinavia in general . 
  ww2 is still a source of guilt and shame in sweden , so you can see why there is some sympathy there hisorically speaking as well . 
  going further back . 
  the swedish protestant kingdom as it exists today is intimately connected to lutheranism and german influence during the middle ages . 
  that 's not even counting german law , philosophy , litterature and music, 
  i feel bad for most foreign language students who do n't have the opportunity to learn the language where it is spoken . 
  it is such a huge , huge disadvantage and really ca n't be compensated for unless you really try very hard to constantly immerse yourself in their culture , television , radio , news by online means etc. 
  i teach english as a second language and a huge problem with italians is that they are only exposed to italian ( dubbing and whatnot ) . 
  people are amazed how well swedes speak english but since our popular culture is almost completely anglicised it 's really no mystery at all . 
  grammar exercises , rules and classroom convos make you good at precisely those things , but you 'll be missing 80 % of the real stuff . 
  i never learned any english in school, 
  no you totally are . 
  we had lots of exchange projects with estonia and latvia ( im on the southern coast ) during school and honestly only the languages were different really . 
  they would point out all sorts of differences between themselves but so do scandinavians ( when petty ), 
  european is a word . 
  so far it has been used mostly geographically , but when you start calling a people belonging to a political framework european then you are talking about them as a nationalised ( or federalised ) culture and not a geographical area , which means you have to count out russia and other countries which do not culturally belong there . 
  and no russia does not culturally or politically belong to europe . 
  this is hard because it does mean something completely equal to nationalisation and i dont enjoy excluding russia . 
  but it would be equal to saying that canada is america because it is in north america . 
  if you say america you typically mean the us . 
  russia is located in ( extended ) europe but it 's not europe, 
  an exit from the eu must take at most 2 years , so that 's the time you have . 
  even if the uk does leave , it really wo n't . 
  there are too many strings and there is too much too lose . 
  uk will be a eec country and will thus have to sign up for all the same old rules, 
  hell i 'm proud of you and i had nothing to with getting you there, 
  hidden in between florence , venice and milan . 
  large , 1000 year old city-cetre with leaning towers and the great food ( lasagna , tortellini , tortelloni , mortadella , tagliette al raghu et al. ), 
  + amazing university night life http://www.goldenassay.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/bologna_towers.jpg http://www.energycity2013.eu/media/partners/bologna.jpg, 
  you really should , it was by far the most eye-opening class i 've ever taken . 
  a semester of cultural anthropology is a must in my book . 
  the idea that western = more developed is a very old convention and stems back to old darwin/evolutionist theories that have been debunked , shot and dealt with more than half a century ago . 
  that people still think of the world in this way , and that it 's so common , is a very frightening thing, 
  you are very correct in your conclusion that i have only taken a first year course in anthropology , and it was by far the most interesting course i 've ever taken , along with sociology . 
  your suggestions could be very good long-term approaches for bridging the severe current segregation , as we at the moment do have a very opressive culture when it comes to whatever lies outside the typical ethnically european swede , and by that i mean muslims and the cultures that typically practice that religion . 
  fins are the biggest group of immigrants and you do n't see the nazi party ( sd ) complaining about them that said , we can not , under any circumstances , not even in a single case , accept this kind of treatment of children . 
  i am not arguing for a huge 10-year prison sentence ( huge by swedish standards ) , but no one in sweden gets to mutilate a child , no one . 
  this has to be made clear and these parents should be punished, 
  i have no words , i sincerely hope these parents go to prison . 
  there is no anthropological excuse in the world for this kind of torture . 
  this is not freedom of religion, 
  sweden - education : there is no denying that our universities are good and internationally respected in most areas . 
  the fact that they are free and that any person can finance their living expenses by means of low interest loans + $ 300 of free support each month is the key to our success . 
  i have lived in several european countries and i just can not believe why they are n't all doing this . 
  it improves every single aspect of society and truly provides equal opportunity . 
  the dark side is our public school system , in particular elementary school ( first 9 years ) . 
  it has been completely ruined by huge class sizes , slipping results , underpaid and underqualified teachers with no solution in sight . 
  it has gotten so bad that highschool students starting engineering classes ca n't even do basic elementary school math . 
  our children today are so poorly educated that it has become a national crisis . 
  - xenophobia and racism is just as bad here as in the rest of europe .
