  on just about any other race-related topic , though ? 
  it 's improved by leaps and bounds - a year and a half ago , it was n't uncommon for * any * thread concerning a non-white european to be flooded with racist snarks and diatribes . 
  now , it 's verging on being one of the best large political subreddits for that kind of thing . 
  hey - they have been !, 
  the place is whole worlds more pleasant than it was a year ago . 
  they 've made huge progress - i ca n't think of a better-moderated open political sub . 
  bad luck there . 
  shame . 
  you 're probably best off picking up a moto g or something until your contract ends , i guess . 
  at least it wo n't come with touchwiz !, 
  use [ android device manager ] ( https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager ) to pinpoint its last known location ? 
  worth a shot . 
  plan b only works with very old version of android , unfortunately - anything over gingerbread , like the s3 , is non-recoverable by that route . 
  the preferred way of locating phones now is [ android device manager ] ( https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager ) - installed by default on every semi-modern android device . 
  this , pretty much . 
  the mods are going to have their work cut out . 
  the last time that trend started hitting / r/europe , it got borderline unbearable until the mods stepped in and tightened the rules up . 
  roll on the 2015 elections . 
  these bastards ca n't be thrown out soon enough . 
  absolutely fascinating bit of cold war technology , that . 
   removal of trade barriers between eu countries you * monsters * . 
  even then , the very fact of your being detected using tor would be enough to put you on lists . 
  this is n't a friendly government we 're talking about here . 
   american thanks for your nuanced , informed contribution to the debate . 
  perhaps scotland could take them along when they go ? 
  certainly wo n't be missed . 
  thatcher appeared in the seventies and eighties . 
  the collapse of the ussr certainly was n't necessary for that in the uk . 
  or , `` how to instantly put yourself on several dozen fsb watchlists '' . 
  christ . 
  what an absolute cesspit . 
  not strictly true . 
  there was rationing in the uk during ww1 . 
  please . 
  * anything * , so long as it gives the non-eurosceptic tories something they can work with to hammer back the hannans and carswells of the party . 
  it 's better than it was a year or so ago . 
  really . 
  the mod team 's done wonders in sorting the place out - all the worst offenders have long since been banned . 
  now stuff like that 's fairly rare . 
  the english version is censored ? 
  that 's a curious point - i 've never heard that . 
   nothing to do with the security of europe hilarious . 
  ukraine would n't have started a nuclear war over crimea . 
  the things would have been entirely useless . 
  no government 's reaction to `` riots and some small scale deployments to crimea '' would be `` nuke moscow '' . 
  nukes ' only effective use is defence against other nuclear weapons - that 's it . 
  for other purposes , they 're a waste of money . 
  moving the capital to london , or , `` how to turn the french eurosceptic overnight '' . 
  not even a ghost of a chance , unfortunately . 
  the tories would rip off their shirts and go full berserker on any government that tried to take the uk into a federal europe . 
  `` european union '' sounds fine , i 'd say . 
  if it 's going to happen , it 'll probably be under that name . 
  there are , yes . 
  they 're terribly silly . 
  it 's like a europhile version of the mess / r/ukpolitics has descended into recently . 
  more to the point , they 're more or less impossible to pass . 
  not at all . 
  but , people do n't tend to have a problem with that . 
  they 're our closest allies , after all . 
  as to the economics point ? 
  neoliberalism would have sprouted up here entirely independently of the americans . 
  it 's a home-grown variety - thatcher was n't shipped across the atlantic to subvert british politics , by any means . 
  the present drive towards privatisation and charges will continue , irrespective of whether we remain in the eu or not - it 's something that can only be countered at the domestic level . 
  are you here to debate , or are you just here to shit into your hand and fling it at people that disagree with you ? 
  / pol / 's right over there , if you 're particularly desperate for the latter . 
  this really is n't a productive way to engage with ukip . 
  they have some hugely objectionable opinions , but in this case ? 
  the user in question has n't brought any of them up , and i doubt you 're aware of any past statements of theirs where they did , either . 
   you do n't fear a non-eu uk will become pretty much a us-puppet or an extremely close ally ? 
  you say this like it 's not been a fait accompli for the last half century . 
  let it never be said that democracy always produces the best outcome . 
  why is there such a disproportionate number of whackjobs with greek flairs in this subreddit lately ? 
  i hated the man 's guts for the role he played in the no to electoral reform campaign . 
  but , he was a bloody brilliant comedian - one of the best of his generation , by far . 
  nobody deserves to die that young . 
  patriotism 's about how you live in society - not how many england flags you can tattoo on your arse to support our boys in afghanistan . 
  the far right completely miss that . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you , poland ? 
  so disspiriting . 
  not disagreeing . 
  but there 's an appropriate context for etymological masturbation like that - really not in the place you 're dragging it up . 
  it 's / r/iamverysmart-worthy material . 
  the point has just as much strength without the greek . 
  why bother ? 
  have you ever even set foot somewhere like london ? 
   the difference is that we are n't pretending to be the most democratic country of europe . 
  nobody in the uk is doing that . 
  at all . 
  if anything , it 's a topic that 's scrupulously avoided by the political classes - the british constitutional system 's a bit of a horror , put against those on the continent . 
   ireland  bending over to the brits you 've got to be a troll . 
  * nobody * with an ounce of historical understanding could ever say this with a straight face . 
  if ireland `` bent over '' , it was at gunpoint . 
  it depresses me that the english flag 's become a symbol of a particular kind of political position . 
   who puts milk into their hot leaf juice ? 
  somebody wake up churchill . 
   leaving the union is the biggest mistake they 'll ever make it 's not certain that that 's going to happen , yet . 
  it 's about 50:50 at the moment . 
  there 's still a chance to salvage things . 
  just . 
  but , christ .
