  this place should have been shut down at the first hint of controversy . 
  absolutely shameful . 
  the foundations of politics tremble . 
  i wish we could swap our current crop of politicians with germany 's . 
  northern ireland 's a bit of a nightmarish case . 
  if it were to decide to leave by a narrow margin , the place 'd be plunged right back into the troubles . 
  northern irish politics is terrifying - tribal , bigoted , poisonous , and very , very volatile . 
  almost nobody in the rest of the uk 'd mind letting them go in the slightest - they 're entirely welcome to , at any time they choose . 
  it 's just not * safe * to touch the issue whilst the wounds of the past couple of decades are still this raw . 
  something as [ dizzyingly meaningless as flying a union jack from belfast city hall ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/belfast_city_hall_flag_protests ) kicks off huge riots . 
  maintaining the awkward status quo whilst things improve is the only real option . 
  london 's a bizarre outlier - looks like the only red part of the whole country . 
  any theories ? 
  i 'm torn between horror and uncontrollable laughter . 
  i 've always absolutely adored the french language and culture . 
  i 'm reasonably fluent , and one side of my family is french - i do n't suppose anybody 's got any insight as to how welcoming french universities would be to mixed-race student ? 
  i 've only ever heard bad things about french universities in that sense - is it as alright as most british unis are ? 
  yes . 
  you 're posting in it . 
  ( but , really - what 's the point ? 
  europe-focused subreddits exist , and thrive . 
  if it bugs you for some reason , just unsub from the defaults . ), 
  if russia were to try invading the baltics , it 'd be the end of them . 
  all the excuse china 'd need to swallow up chunks of the far east , for japan to make a play at grabbing back sakhalin , and for the rest of the world to flat-out stop buying things from russia until they withdrew . 
  for an economy as profoundly dependent on natural resources as russia , the latter 's the most frightening prospect . 
  they 're too enmeshed in the world trade system . 
   you were born in somalia . 
  if you 're speaking about your adopted home , i suggest you should do so in a much more respectful tone . 
  that 's the gist , really . 
  the implication that somebody of foreign extraction necessarily ought to refrain from criticism of their adopted country . 
  yes , op 's probably a bit of a tit - but , what 's to say that they 're not british citizens now ? 
  they have every bit as much right to waffle inanely about imperialism as you or i. 
  attitudes like his are the reason i feel intensely awkward whenever i see somebody flying an english flag in lieu of the union jack . 
  ireland would like a word . 
  i once had the singularly amusing experience of overhearing a gaggle of hushed little englanders muttering furiously about the horrors of rising immigration from spain in my area . 
  to hear the sort of racist bilge usually levelled at non-whites being thrown at * spaniards * , of all people , had me in stitches . 
  bigots will spout their bile whatever the immigrant group , i suppose . 
  the telegraph give wingnuts like daniel hannan regular columns - the ability to ejaculate furiously into a text entry field whenever the term `` anglosphere '' gets mentioned is almost a requirement to write for the rag . 
  there 's not a great deal more pathetic in british politics than imperial nostalgics with a ( white ) commonwealth fetish . 
  the next rung down from them 's the sort of blimpish twit that pontificates endlessly about the virtues of the english-speaking peoples . 
  ridiculous . 
  the rest of the world 's laughing at them . 
  there 've been studies done on the feasibility of long-term closure of the strait - [ the conclusion 's that they 're acutely unlikely to be able to sustain a closure for very long at all ] ( http://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/mideast/r42335.pdf ) . 
  nato/regional navy powers outclasses the iranian navy by so much it 's almost comical . 
  it 'd be a horrible month or so , but iran 'd come out of it much worse than they went in . 
   that 's what the mods told you it was like ? 
  because you clearly have n't been around here long enough to know how it was actually like . 
  i made a new account a couple of months ago thanks to anonymity concerns . 
  i 've been on this site over various accounts since 2006 , and i was remember when this place had less than 5,000 members - the quality of discussion * did * genuinely fall off a cliff before the mods started cracking down . 
  the place got absolutely fucking awful for a fair while - people were actively being driven away by how unpleasant it 'd got . 
  [ this old post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/113a2w/meta_on_the_rising_levels_of_racism_in_this/ ) 's comments sum up just how much `` better '' the place was before the new mod policies . 
  good fucking riddance . 
  the mods have cleaned up most of the worse comments since i last glanced at it , but there 's still an abundance of horror on show . 
  / r/europe 's a great place now . 
  anyone missing the old days needs their head examined . 
  i do n't exactly mourn for the days of every second post 's having a pitched battle over the morality of golden dawn and anders breivik erupting in the comments . 
  the subreddit 's much closer to what it used to be before the racist brigades appeared , thanks to the mods - i think it 's all the better for it . 
  the atmosphere 's civil , comments are friendly , and actual discussion happens , rather than endless flame wars over roma . 
  go and make / r/europerebooted , if you miss the racists . 
  this is such a repugnant depiction of the situation that faces asylum seekers . 
  if they could fix their home country , they would n't be fleeing for their lives . 
  people like you are the reason boris johnson has a job . 
  might have been worth distinguishing between scotland , england , wales and northern ireland for the uk 's section . 
   bitcoin pushing it a bit . 
  fuck it , moving to russia . 
  at least the muslims there are white . 
  it was pretty predictable stuff - some twit being loudly indignant at somebody daring to compare the `` civilised '' nazi occupation with the muslim filth devouring france from within . 
  some people really need to step outside sometime . 
  append `` condescending twit '' to my prior statement . 
  ** edit ** , for the sake of not being completely insult-centric - people who feel the need to point out , time and time again , that `` islam is not a race '' add absolutely nothing of value to the discussion . 
  it 's like the petty-minded lunatics that pen tens of thousands of words of bureaucratic nonsense in wikipedia talk pages - the world 'd be a better place if they just kept their mouth shut unless they have something useful to add . 
  kindly fuck off , you sanctimonious , blabbering , disingenuous cunt . 
  oh , look - stormfront 's leaking again . 
  how cute . 
  in britain , the only absolute arena of free speech for parliamentarians is parliament itself - any racist rabble-rousing like this outside might as well have come from a plain old private citizen . 
  it 's not quite so cut and dried in the uk . 
  the old liberal party was behind britain 's first attempt at a welfare state , and drifted steadily to the left over the following half century or so before merging with the social democrats - british liberalism 's come a long way since gladstone . 
  classical liberalism 's usually just termed `` neoliberalism '' or `` thatcherism '' whenever it crops up in the discourse . 
  the only reason new labour survived iraq was the sublime incompetence of the opposition . 
  it was n't a formula so timeless as to be beyond reproach . 
  by all means , feel free to ditch the most popular , successful leader you 've had for twenty years - and the only reason you managed to get elected in the first place . 
  feel free , feel free . 
  bastards . 
  seriously , though . 
  stephen harper ? 
  the fuck are you people doing over there ? 
  and scotland would have a wonderful time trying to survive a trade war with england . 
  it balances out . 
  neither party wants an outcome like that . 
  sure , they 'd be * able * to refuse a share of the debt - but the reaction from the rest of the uk 'd almost certainly be extreme . 
  about time this happened . 
  finally , a chance to kill this ghastly question for another forty years . 
  scotland 'd be more than welcome to dump its entire national debt on the rest of the uk , i expect . 
  i 'm sure they wo n't mind enormous trade barriers being thrown up across the border , their credit rating falling to greek levels , and being barred from entering the eu , either . 
  they 'd never have to see or hear from nigel farage ever again . 
  some would call that a fair trade . 
  read some books . 
  then look again . 
  y' know - it 's quite lovely . 
  the bengali couple down the road came round for tea the other day .
