  or the merchant of venice ? 
  it 's in the text of the article - read it !, 
  i have enough faith in western culture and the trajectory of western society to think that that wo n't happen . 
  there 's a profound difference between labelling something as perpetuating the inferior status of a societal power minority and censoring unpopular political views . 
  there 's no causal chain that could lead to the latter - were the latter to come about ( to a greater extent than it already has in europe , that is ) , we 'd have far worse things to concern us than stickers on racist comics . 
  it 's a question of what one * can * legislate for , in this case . 
  on that basis alone , this case is nothing like slapping an `` anachronistic , crypto-fascist/regressive/grrdawkins '' sticker on every bible sold in europe . 
  you ca n't get everyone . 
  that millions still grow up as racists is enough proof of that . 
  i just do n't see what * harm * is done by printing it with a disclaimer . 
  if anything , it 's a sign that we , as a society , can acknowledge historic wrongs whilst still appreciating our past . 
   why ca n't we just educate people well enough , so that they can critically read books without needing any disclaimer . 
  that 's the whole reason for the disclaimer - to educate people . 
  how is this trying to `` shame '' belgian culture ? 
  it 's not beyond reproach . 
  even if this were on the level of somebody calling for , say , * the tempest * to be banned from sale for its unsavoury portrayal of `` savages '' , there 's still a point to be debated there . 
  its being `` cultural '' does n't put it beyond criticism . 
  in this case , calling for it to be banned is obviously excessive - but i see absolutely nothing wrong with adding a disclaimer . 
  it 's a single book - not the entire tintin canon . 
  whilst we 're on the point , mind - being `` accepted '' as an immigrant by a country does n't strip one of the right to criticise aspects of it . 
  half my ancestry 's first-generation immigrants to europe - i 'd say that they 'd be entirely justified in being vocally offended by this book . 
  i mean , jesus - have you * read * the thing ? 
  even the author was embarrassed by it in later life . 
  in fairness , there really is an issue with this book . 
  people are right to be offended - even if advocating a ban on its sale is a bit far . 
  the british solution of mandating its being sold with a disclaimer seems like the best route available . 
   eutube * groan *, 
  five upvotes for this ? 
  oh , / r/europe . 
  shame to see him go . 
  he 's always been one of this place 's best . 
  no savannajeff ? 
  tragic . 
  that aside , looks like a decent set - the place could do worse . 
  best of luck to them . 
   what next ? 
  dig up thatcher and put her on trial ? 
  do n't give the jacorbyns ideas . 
  [ it 's not much of an exaggeration , in the case of dubai ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/commentators/johann-hari/the-dark-side-of-dubai-1664368.html ) . 
  depends if they 're an idiot or not . 
  seconding this one . 
  he 'd make a fine mod - controversy be damned . 
  the sub could do far , far worse . 
  just stay out of immigration related threads if you want to keep your sanity . 
  godawful things . 
  it 's just a matter of compensating for how grim things were for non-hetero people in the past . 
  it 'll become less of a big deal given another few decades . 
  if russia were actually a functioning liberal democracy , and did n't feel the need to resort to sabre rattling against european neighbours who have absolutely zero territorial designs on the country , it might have even normalised relations to the point of being on track for eu membership now . 
  people dislike the russian government . 
  absolutely nobody of consequence dislikes the russian people . 
  better to be in a position to still be able to have social security nets at all than to overspend on them and risk losing the ability to run your own country . 
   personally i think `` cruelty '' is a massive exaggeration they 're [ literally the most abused pets in the uk ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6166113.stm ) . 
  neglecting a hutched rabbit ( as most are ) means the things will be trapped in an enclosed space barely large enough to move around in for weeks , with bodies built to run freely . 
  some rabbit cages are barely larger than the sort you 'd see a battery hen locked in . 
  i 've seen enough neglected rabbits for your attitude to make me feel slightly ill . that it 's the `` normal '' way to keep rabbits does n't make it right . 
  the sale of hutches needs to be banned . 
  if people ca n't keep a rabbit properly , they 've no damned business owning one in the first place . 
  they 're not toys . 
  put it this way - would you rather live in a britain run by a conservative government * without * the eu 's worker protection and human rights legislation , or a conservative government * with * those ? 
  those are the only realistically available choices . 
  i could get behind banning rabbit hutches . 
  you would n't keep a cat or dog in a cage for their entire lives - and rabbits are just as active , if not more , in the wild . 
  they can be house trained just fine , as well . 
  hutches are just animal cruelty . 
  the greens have a huge number of rubbish policies , but that 's certainly not one of them . 
  once again , demonstrating why / r/europe 's mods do a great job handling this place . 
  of course this is the american nazi 's response to this question . 
  does literally * every single conversation , whatever the context * have to be about men 's issues ? 
  eh , i would n't say it 's * that * bad . 
  it 's a pleasant spot - nice scenery , and so on . 
  the massive shopping centre/tourist trap complex/horror thing can be avoided . 
  that said , [ lizard point ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lizard_point,_cornwall ) is a much nicer place to go if you 're just after the scenery . 
  go at sunset , and you 're in for a nice time . 
  i think you 're * slightly * overestimating the importance of a voluntary student organisation at a london university . 
  is this really continent-level news ? 
  ... well . 
  this just made getting out campaigning that bit more urgent a concern . 
  my only hope 's that the imbeciles behind the last electoral reform referendum have absolutely nothing to do with this . 
  fptp survived the 1983 election , where the liberal democrats ' predecessor parties ( sdp-liberal alliance ) earned 25.4 % to labour 's 27.6 % of the vote , yet ended up with 23 seats to labour 's 209 . 
  2.2 % difference in national vote share , 908 % difference in parliamentary representation . 
  it makes the result of this election look practically utopian - yet fptp survived just fine . 
  av was the best shot at * some * reform we were going to get within the next several decades , easily - and yet it was scuppered because of a rubbish campaign and the fact that certain useful idiots decided that rejecting * any * reform that was n't their ideal variant of pr would somehow make all their dreams come true in the near future . 
  now that 's failed , we have no hope left of electoral reform within this generation . 
  were i scottish , that would have been enough to get me to vote yes in itself . 
  could n't have happened to a nicer bunch . 
  appreciated !, 
   their key maifesto pledge this is a hysterical exaggeration . 
  it was one amongst * dozens * - the majority of which the party 's been able to put into government policy . 
  ukip are n't a far-right party . 
  they 're a broad church - i 've a good few personal friends inclined to vote for them , and they 're hardly fascists . 
  i mean , christ - i 've modded / r/britishpolitics for a year now , and we 've extended invitations to two ukip members to join the team over that time - one of them 's one of our most active community members , and one of the best mods in the subreddit . 
  i dislike the party , but i 've no issue with individuals . 
  ukip , as a party , however ? 
  they 're certainly not centrist . 
  that 's where it was relevant to bring it up on that comment . 
  but !, 
  i doubt i 'm going to win you over by any stretch of the imagination , given our past interactions . 
  all i can say 's that i 've never had any intention of blasting any hint of the right-wing from any subreddit i 've moderated , and would n't dream of doing so if i were to actually be considered here . 
  all i 'm interested in is helping out with keeping the place readable and troll/flame-free . 
  it 's always been one of my favourite places to read , and the mods seem like they 've been doing a great job .
