  breitbart 's trying to expand over to this side of the atlantic - their uk branch keeps popping up all over social media as a pro-ukip rag . 
  it 's like a web-based daily mail . 
  irrespective of what the article is , it 's best not to drive traffic towards them . 
  regardless of the article , can we not send traffic towards these bastards ? 
  it 's obvious . 
  the world 's changed since 1945 . 
  that 'd set off world war 3 if anyone were to try it with an eu country now . 
  the more , the better . 
  any splitting of the tory vote 's welcome . 
  still pretty cacophonic . 
  [ have fun ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_cuisine ) . 
  honestly ? 
  the french and italians have objectively better cuisine . 
  ( traditional ) british dishes tend to be a bit plain . 
  certainly do n't deserve the reputation , though . 
  why would he say that * in public * ? 
  idiot . 
  purest cringe , in superhero form . 
  what does he have to do with britain ? 
  where 's his cup of tea and crippling social awkwardness ? 
  i do n't particularly like the fascist aesthetic . 
  it 's so focused on being clear-cut and smart that it gets to the point of valuing form over function . 
  it 's about looking * imposing * as you stamp a degenerate 's face into the ground with your jackboots . 
  it 's about leveraging aesthetics to reinforce the mythological aspect of the ideology - high , mighty , pure , civilised , and such . 
  if anything , it looks a bit ridiculous . 
  why should soldiers look so tarted up ? 
  they 're on the battlefield to kill . 
   irregular immigrant i like this phrasing . 
  much less dehumanising than `` illegal '' . 
  reactionary !, 
  go with the lib dems . 
  they 're the only major party going majorly out of their way to fight ukip tooth and nail . 
  they 're squarely opposed to them on more or less every single issue - and , unlike labour , they 're actually fighting this election on an unambiguous , vocal pro-eu platform . 
  if you 're lucky enough to be in yorkshire , their top candidate 's [ absolutely fantastic ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_mcmillan-scott ) - it 'd be a huge shame to see him out . 
  the lib dems come pretty close . 
  i 'll never understand how anyone could think german sounds `` ugly '' . 
  it 's one of my favourite languages , sound-wise - it 's all so clear . 
   subway makes minor tweak to menu to make it halal  ...  but what if this was literally the only place you could possibly get food holy mother of slippery slopes . 
  and you 're blowing a gasket over something that really does n't matter . 
  so they 've made a minor tweak to their menu to better fit the customer base in that area . 
  so what ? 
  it 's a sandwich filling - and there are still dozens more . 
  it 's a complete non-issue . 
  you 're entirely free to go for any of the dozens of other menu options that do n't contain halal meat . 
  nobody 's stopping you in the slightest . 
  hey . 
  you 're the one that turned this into a social justice argument . 
  oh , you poor soul - limited to eating a subset of the items on the menu ? 
  how * precious * . 
  vegans do n't even get catered to at all , most of the time . 
  we just go out to eat . 
  because those schools have large numbers of muslim students , and low numbers of vegans . 
  vegetarian options are available more or less everywhere . 
  i look forwards to the surge of kids called megabyte . 
   would like briton as a neighbour it 's a fair sign of how times have changed that * any * country , * anywhere * feels like it can say this now . 
  ca n't say the 1800s were terribly kind to that kind of mentality . 
   they 're a bunch of anti-intellectual , anti-scientific , anti-artistic , anti-gay marriage , hypocritical , semi-fascist cunts . 
  beautifully put , and more or less representative of ~ 75 % of the population 's view on the absolute fucking cunts . 
  they 're the most disturbing political phenomenon to come out of the uk since enoch powell - it 's only fitting that they share so much with him . 
  you 're underestimating just how * fun * the whole business is . 
  thanks for guy verhofstadt . 
   haha !, 
  not for us !, 
  less than fortunate , in light of irish history . 
  but , really - ireland was * part of the uk , and front page news for the past few decades * . 
  i did n't even know the faintest thing about northern ireland until my school decided to switch to the ( non-mandatory ) northern ireland history gcse module . 
  beforehand , most of my class could barely be expected to know what `` ira '' stood for - let alone who they are . 
  the amount of attention ireland in general gets in the british education system desperately needs boosting . 
  i know it 's not necessarily the most important of topics nowadays , but , christ - it deserves more attention than it gets at the moment . 
  some things should n't be allowed to wither away into history quite yet . 
   / r/europe . txt, 
  god . 
  that north korean one was monstrously irresponsible . 
  there 's every chance that the people they talked to were sent to labour camps just for having unmonitored contact with foreigners - along with their entire family . 
  it 's puffed-up blowhards like you that get naive young men slaughtered by their thousands for the sake of a flag . 
  easy enough to say when you 're sat in comfort in a country with a functioning police force , free healthcare and education , job prospects and above-starvation wage levels . 
  would you want to stay in syria right now if you were a mother with two kids to care for ? 
  farage is sat in his brussels office crying . 
  would be more appropriately placed in / r/ukpolitics , perhaps . 
  oh , god . 
  how did the man ever get elected in the first place with a publicity machine as awful as this ? 
  have you read their manifesto ? 
  they want to solve the northern ireland question by inviting the south back into the union . 
  yep . 
  for internal party elections , but it 's official . 
   those ... '' * people * '' on the continent obviously do n't understand the meaning of liberty . 
  - farage , in his last debate appearance . 
  the man 's an embarrassment . 
  hey . 
  they 're more than welcome . 
  if they bring talent , and pay their way , this is unequivocally a good thing . 
  ** edit ** : and i challenge anybody downvoting me to state anything to the contrary . 
  really . 
  these are * british universities * !, 
  they 're amongst the best in the world , in large part , * because * of their open nature - where would oxbridge/ucl/imperial / lse be without international academics ? 
  third impact 's technically due in 2015 ( thanks to putin ) . 
  christ . 
  you 're not even a funny troll . 
  the thought of someone avoiding scotland for its climate , then moving to yorkshire amuses me no end . 
  fair points , though .
