  is it ? 
  the lib dem representation 's likely to be at least cut in half after the election - with so few seats to bring to bear , it 's entirely possible that the tories might end up just muddling along with confidence and supply from the northern irish parties . 
   special relationship oh , for fuck 's sake . 
  the british media has an unhealthy obsession with that term . 
  there 's a tacit consensus on not mentioning that aspect in pro-eu circles in the uk . 
  people tend to have little objection to individual harmonisation measures - even taken in aggregate - hell - cite a law without mentioning its european source , and most people 'd have no problem with it . 
  it 's when the word `` federal '' gets mentioned that people irrationally clam up - completely shuts down the possibility of discussion . 
  you vastly overstate the proportion of britons who 'd want federalisation . 
  the popular mood 's just about on the side of staying in europe - but federalisation ? 
  you must be mad . 
  i 'm curious about exactly what 's prompted this drop in the polls - we hear absolutely * nothing * about the fdp in britain beyond vague descriptions of them as `` german liberals '' . 
  which says absolutely nothing at all , really . 
  have they done something particularly onerous in the past few years ? 
  of course . 
  what other mainstream party could possibly want to run in 2015 on a platform of joining the euro ? 
  there 's no competition out there for people who 'd like their children to grow up in a majority polish country . 
  you think i 'd use an apple product ? 
  their entire board 's white and male . 
  i only buy from companies with visible affirmative action policies . 
  anything i can do to further the destruction of traditional british values . 
  what 's the matter ? 
  afraid the bengali couple down the road are going to turn your children into gay activists ? 
  look again . 
  you must be blind . 
  being thinly veiled does n't strip it of racist connotations . 
  that 's my hope . 
  given that they 'll be defending most of their seats against the conservatives in 2015 , they 've got a fair shot at surviving long enough to shake the negative associations with this government . 
  the labour party sent 45,000 british troops into iraq * in the face of the largest public protest the country 's seen for decades * , campaigned in 2005 on a platform of a referendum on what went on to become the lisbon treaty * then broke that pledge almost instantly * , introduced tuition fees , * then tripled the things * the last time they were in power - * and kept on getting reelected * . 
  i 'm cautiously optimistic about the probable length of the anti-lib dem backlash . 
  being without anything like it for almost a century does that to a culture . 
  '' * nobody voted for this !, 
  * '' , apparently . 
   i am probably a racist mhm . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/true_finns for those uncertain why this tit 's being downvoted . 
   and who will ensure that such regulations are implemented the eu ? 
  is n't that the point of the institution 's having teeth ? 
  france and germany . 
  it 'd be the eu . 
  they 're * loving * having a tory government . 
  back in their natural element . 
  you want to know why the network of bases does n't constitute an `` empire '' in the sense you 're screeching about ? 
   the koreans and japanese are freaking out about our presence there at the moment . 
  if a country with american bases asks them to leave , they 'll go . 
  apparently the catalan anarchist movement 's propaganda 's put together in microsoft paint . 
  i do n't even have the faintest idea what verhofstadt 's policies are , and i want to shake the man 's hand after that . 
  honestly ? 
  nick clegg - deputy pm/leader of the liberal democrats . 
  on balance , he 's still one of the better major british politicians . 
  in more prosperous times , he 'd be far , far more popular - rolling back of authoritarian legislation , serious attempts to reform an undemocratic constitution , presiding over a party that 's secured significant environmental policy successes in government , the only major party leader willing to stick his neck out and * celebrate * british membership of the eu - the list of qualities just goes on and on . 
  were he not chained to such widely despised coalition partners in the context of a wildly hostile media , he 'd be one of the best politicians the country 's had at the top for years . 
  but , then , that 'd require people to actually vote for his party . 
  not much of a prospect under an electoral system as absurd as ours . 
  an independent cornwall ? 
  have you ever looked into the actual motivations behind empire ? 
  it was n't about civilising the savages - it was almost entirely a matter of economics . 
  if it was about improving the condition of , say , india , why did the overwhelming majority of indian wealth generated during the years of empire flow out of the country into british hands ? 
  why was the majority of the country still effectively pre-industrial , more than a century later , when we left ? 
  you 're rewriting history . 
  stop it . 
  my , you 're going to look silly in thirty years ' time . 
   what 's different here ? 
  the catholic church forbids the use of contraception . 
  islam does n't . 
   predatory demographic strategy you really think that the muslim population of britain is pursuing an active strategy of outbreeding the rest of us ? 
  do n't be absurd . 
   what these parents do outside the country is up to them but any surplus infants are no recognized as citizens in the uk . 
  punishing children for the sins of their parents is an idea that has no place in a civilised country . 
  shame on you . 
  if the government had enough guts to ban faith schools altogether , this would n't be an issue . 
  that includes church of england and catholic schools . 
  if you want your kids to have a religious education , send them to a damned sunday school - if we do n't want kids being indoctrinated in a certain sort of religious school , why should we accept the same in the others ? 
  this sort of thing must be astonishingly difficult to police . 
  enormous . 
  cyprus is an eu member state - and about a third of its land area 's under what they consider to be [ turkish military occupation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_republic_of_northern_cyprus ) . 
  turkey wo n't be getting in until that 's resolved . 
  a new member state wo n't be accepted unless there 's unanimous consent amongst the current crowd - whilst the cyprus issue exists , greece and the greek half of cyprus wo n't accept it . 
  were their human rights record to become more acceptable , perhaps . 
  the political islam aspect 's a concern , but there 's nothing to say that that 's an insurmountable obstacle . 
  give it a few decades . 
  if we converge a bit more , then sure - if the cyprus issue gets sorted , there 'd probably be a fair case for it . 
  i 'd welcome it , personally - for reasons already stated perfectly well at the top of these comments . 
   but anyway , for people who claim to love diversity , cultural marxists seem hell-bent on turning everyone into a tan-skinned , brown-eyed mass . 
  * the colour of a person 's skin . 
  * the content of a person 's character . 
  one of these things matters . 
  the other does n't . 
  but , as ever on / r/europe , this charming phrase speaks volumes more than the rest of your post :  cultural marxists how 's that revolution working out for you , mister breivik ? 
  mixed-race briton here . 
  \\* * waves * \\* quite happy with my life , ta . 
  living in a civilised country that cares about things that * actually matter * , rather than fetishising ethnic purity tends to do that to a man . 
  france . 
  oh , come now - it 'd be * hilarious * . 
   the people calling other people racist are the ones out of control . 
  i do n't think you 've ever made a single post in this subreddit that does n't relate to your twisted view of race relations . 
  acknowledging that certain things in the past were morally problematic as one appreciates them for what they are does not constitute shaming an entire culture . 
  at least , so long as one 's not the most absurd of flag-waving patriotic tit . 
  if someone feels as though the heart of their culture is under attack because somebody 's pointing out that belgium 's imperial history is horrendous and deserves acknowledgement , i do n't think their opinion is worth terribly much . 
   i have n't heard this ? 
  does this mean if a book is racist , it is sold with a disclaimer ? 
  so , does that goes for the bible too ?
