  if scotland decides to secede , i 'd be seriously tempted to emigrate there . 
  i do n't want to be stuck with the horror of the british political system with a large chunk of the progressive-leaning mps sliced away . 
  gratuitous greek ? 
  nice . 
  you sound almost intellectual . 
  by no conceivable measure a practice specific to the uk . 
  our fucking terrible electoral system accentuates its effect , but it 's not a specifically british thing . 
   message to ** this ** government important distinction . 
  also note the conspicuous lack of ukip votes in scotland . 
   the mindset of the british people is a liberal one . 
  look at the ukip vote you just killed your point . 
  the british people voted ukip as a protest against the three major parties ' being viewed as elitist , ineffective fuckwits . 
  it was political apathy making its show . 
  people did * not * vote for ukip , in significant numbers , for their `` libertarian '' positions . 
  you 're conflating `` libertarian '' with `` little englander '' - which does a disservice to both points of view . 
  this fellow does n't sound like he 's talking about the eu that actually exists . 
   eussr that phrase is god 's own gift to satire . 
  the greatest aspect of the british national character is its modesty . 
  particularly when confronted with the six thousandth iteration of this thread . 
   p.s. 
  sorry for murdoch . 
  [ you fucking should be ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n1azcsy-o8q ) . 
   the biggest downside is that brits are on average well on the ugly side as far as europe goes * ouch * . 
  what on earth 's given you that impression ? 
  we 're not all that different to anywhere else in europe , in terms of looks . 
  weight gain aside . 
   nigel farage can kiss my belgian steady now . 
  he 's probably of the view that belgium 's some kind of std . 
  this is fantastic . 
  screwed up on the glaswegian accent , though . 
  it was almost comprehensible . 
  university . 
  hey . 
  * red dawn * was an awesome film !, 
  i 'm quite fond of the british , for some reason . 
  dashed handsome , charming , talented sorts . 
  excellent food , too . 
  viewed in historical context , as you were putting it with your romantic orwell bollocks ? 
  not really , outside the privileges echelons of society . 
  there 's some truth to your position - you 're just horribly misusing it . 
  my entire family is from abroad . 
   edit : there 's an englishman in / r/de comparing his childhood sweets with germans . 
  our plan for cultural homogenisation is progressing as expected !, 
  ! 1 / evilfederalist oh my * god * *** it 's too late !, 
  *** quick !, 
  someone dig up churchill !, 
   militarily , greece is the only country in europe prepared for world war 3 oh my god . 
  you said this , and you 're * not * a joke account ? 
  boys - it 's not polite to wave your dicks about in public . 
  `` libertarian '' is absolutely not the word anyone ought to employ to describe the sort of british culture you 're talking about . 
  you sound ridiculous . 
  `` liberal '' would be the appropriate term , if you want to go full-on lion and the unicorn about it . 
  as to the implication that britain 's got centuries of solid grassroots liberalism behind it ? 
  risible . 
  until the 19th century , the only way that could reasonably be said was if you were a privileged male landowner or aristocrat . 
  and , by god - heaven help you if you were irish or a highlander . 
  whichever feels appropriate , given the context . 
  if i 'm in a position where flying the english flag 's appropriate ? 
  if i 'm in a position where flying the union jack 's appropriate ? 
  if it 's an eu-wide context ? 
  fly that . 
  it 's a fucking flag . 
  what does it matter ? 
  nobody 's about to outlaw the flying of the union jack . 
   they do not care about history . 
  they only care about spitting in the face of greeks . . and they will understand soon why greece dominated the world for 5,000 years . 
  your government 's being a bit dickish ? 
  ** the spirit of sparta shall rise again and we shall put your people to the sword and rape your wives and bathe in the blood of your children until nothing remains of your nation but a blackened , quivering cinder of a memory for that is the power of greece ** '' fucking grow up . 
  there 's not much more ridiculous than the sight of nationalists throwing their weight about . 
   the fact is that in britain we 're all pretty much libertarian at heart have you met your fellow countrymen ? 
   greeks are willing to die for this if it comes down to it , we are tired of this bullshit so we can be `` politically correct '' and you wonder why the rest of europe laughs at you for your stance in this debate ? 
  if a country bordering the english county of kent decided to call itself `` greater kent '' , people in england would just snort and let them go on with their business . 
  if they want to make fools of themselves , who cares ? 
  [ is this you , by any chance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hefyi94lzds ) ? 
  petition to rename greece to macedonia minor and be done with it . 
  * anything * , so long as it puts this idiotic dispute to bed . 
  the macedonian government 's a ridiculous shitshow - but this name dispute should n't even be an issue . 
  / pol / 's leaking again . 
  bit far . 
  the only significant european contributors to the iraq invasion were britain and poland - the rest of europe did n't forgive us quickly . 
  spare a thought for the great eurovision massacre of 2003 . 
   `` i am not a candidate ... that is not going to happen , '' blair said shame . 
  watching him get completely humiliated would be cathartic , to say the least . 
  petition to rename greece to south macedonia and be done with it . 
  elephants across the world rejoice . 
  a whole quid ? 
  bastards . 
  ldhq pays out in euros . 
  please stop . 
  do n't lump all of us in with those bastards . 
  there 's more to the british people than the sort of fuckface that votes ukip . 
  farage pls go, 
  a ukip supporter cheering a victory for the national front ? 
  what a fucking surprise . 
  not really . 
  ukip are set to come first in the euros - it 's a complete flip . 
  it 's like refraining from posting the daily mail . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  the americans are the lynch pin that 's holding the current peaceful global order together . 
  without them , we 'd have a much less stable world .
