  yes , male circumcision is bad . 
  but it 's markedly different to fgm . 
   they disagree with me , so their opinion is n't objective !, 
  there 's a difference between a just-settled territory holding a referendum and a referendum being held after two centuries of continuous habitation , in fairness . 
  but seriously . 
  jokes aside , parroting bnp slogans is n't being `` anti-multiculturalism '' - it 's throwing your lot in with a gaggle of racist thugs . 
  we 're talking about a party whose membership 's almost entirely composed of xenophobic bastards who 'd like nothing more than to crucify every person in the uk with a hint of a tan . 
  you 're a fucking racist , however you dress it up . 
  you were booted from / r/unitedkingdom because we know the signals almost by heart , and treat them with the respect they deserve . 
  people like you are the * reason * / r/europe needs strong moderation . 
  if it quacks like a duck . 
  1 ) ** nope . 
  blissfully indifferent . 
  ** 2 ) ** nope . 
  ** on 2 - let 's give the current crowd a shot before we start howling for their blood !, 
  none of the new crowd seem terribly objectionable . 
  perhaps a slightly extreme level of uk representation , but it should n't matter so long as they do the job well . 
  as said elsewhere , they 're really just there for spam filtering and hate speech removal - if that starts to be a problem , perhaps a vote might be in order then . 
   great add a mod who bans racists problem being ? 
   just because you do n't like someones view does n't mean you should n't compromise to get along with them . 
  part of living in a constitutional state is the explicit limits on what any party , democratically elected or not , can do . 
  democracy is n't the be-all and end-all . 
   the government budgeting in general should really be overhauled . 
  that 's what they 've been doing . 
  or have you been hiding under a coalition-free rock for the past three years ? 
  poor libya . 
  american aid has certainly screwed * them * over . 
  it costs more to bring them home than to keep them there for another government to worry about . 
  europe ? 
  is n't that where johnny foreigner comes from ? 
  ca n't be doing with that . 
  it would n't be / r/europe without some racist fuckwit vomiting into a comment box whenever britain 's mentioned , i suppose . 
  could have claimed spanish citizenship 'til i turned eighteen . 
  let it lapse - there 's little point when it 's another eu state . 
   i do n't get why it is n't more popular than firefox or chrome , and why it never was . 
  it missed its window of opportunity - when ie6 was dominating/before firefox got off the ground , opera was ad-supported - meaning it looked [ like this ] ( http://asset2.cbsistatic.com/cnwk.1d/i/ne/p/2004/opera.jpg ) . 
  that put off a lot of people . 
  that it did n't carry over the legacy netscape compatibility that firefox did did n't count much in its favour , either - as an opera user way back then , it was basically a necessity to have ie on hand to open the ~ 30 % of sites that did n't play nicely with anything but ie . 
  then , of course , along came firefox - with extension support , speed , marginally better compatibility ( at least at first ) , and a much , * much * better marketing campaign . 
  opera never had a chance after that . 
  i finally switched away after seven years a couple of months ago - it 's a lovely browser , but the rendering just had too many quirks . 
  happened years ago in the uk . 
  we 're not exactly struggling . 
  really ? 
  try not to hit the door on your way out . 
  i 'd be absolutely astonished if it were to come to that . 
  really . 
  there are strong objections to the * terms * of the referendum , yes - but to the fact that the referendum 's happening at all ? 
  it 's a damned democracy - there 's no reason for us to keep you in if you do n't want to be . 
  repeated independence referendums within a short timeframe would be a touch absurd , but no government worth a damn 's going to refuse another referendum if the snp win another absolute majority on a platform of one . 
  look past that persecution complex , and you 'll find that the rest of the country * really does n't care * . 
  it 's exclusively a scottish matter , administered by scotland . 
  the standard crowd of shrill tories ' whingeing aside , there 's no appetite for triggering a constitutional crisis . 
  ... and you really think that the snp could n't just administer a referendum themselves , and present the result to westminster as a fait accompli ? 
  if the result turns out conclusive , nobody 's going to stop them going . 
  you overestimate how much desire there is in the rest of the uk to stop scotland going - if a demonstrable will exists to leave , we 're not going to keep you in . 
  if the snp win another majority , they 'd be entirely within their rights to hold a referendum within scotland again !, 
  nothing 's stopping them . 
  would this be the same northern ireland that chose to remain part of the uk in the first place ? 
  there 's a great deal more to the issue than just `` belonging to a different country '' . 
  if they could hold a referendum without it triggering a small internal war * that nobody on either side of the border wants brought back up * , they 'd be entirely welcome to . 
  ca n't say that many people on the mainland would be terribly sorry to see the place go - modern northern irish politics is an absolute tragedy - not to mention a perpetual embarrassment . 
   i 'm american and i do n't have a fucking clue about british history , yet feel i have a sufficiently deep understanding of scotland 's history within the union to call for their independence . 
  of course they have a right to independence - they 're holding a referendum on it , with the acquiescence of the rest of the union !, 
  the more significant question is * whether independence is something desirable for scotland * . 
  the rest of the uk would n't really mind either way - we could survive just fine without scotland , and it 's really not our place to dictate whether they stay or go . 
  it just seems a shame to dump centuries of history after a few years of populist demagoguery and a ( hopefully ) brief period of tory government - particularly in light of the enormous powers devolved to the scottish parliament over the past decade . 
  they 're in a stable , relatively prosperous , secure union with the rest of the uk , operating a separate legal system of their own , and with a parliament of their own with significant opt-outs from uk-wide government policy . 
  they 're in a pretty sweet spot , really - it 's very much up in the air whether salmond would be quite such a smirking twit had the financial crash hit a scotland without the rest of the union to bail out what would have been their finance sector . 
  except it 's not . 
  the scots were in every sense equally involved in the business of empire . 
  to call it an `` english '' empire is absurd - by the time india came under formal british rule , it was very much a britain-wide thing . 
  that this is getting downvoted so heavily makes me genuinely smile . 
  a few months ago , something like this would have had enough upvotes to be visible . 
  this subreddit 's changed for the better . 
   genocide slightly objectionable use of the term there . 
  awful , awful picture being painted , though . 
  is there any way out on the horizon ? 
  but the deficit spending was n't all that bad until the crisis hit . 
  the deficits run up under new labour were just about average by european standards , endorsed by economic consensus , and projected to turn into a surplus in reasonably short order . 
  the only reason the deficit ballooned so much on their watch was the stimulus packages - which were entirely necessary to stop the economy falling apart . 
   tony blair was in office for 50 years ? 
  how is that in the slightest bit implied ? 
  in a democracy , is n't popular sentiment somewhat , ah , important ? 
  a disease that presided over the brightest economic period for half a century and won three consecutive general election victories despite two wildly unpopular wars ? 
  hell of a disease . 
  that 's the bizarre thing - there 's every chance that had it not been for iraq and gordon brown , he 'd still be in office . 
  the man was absurdly popular . 
  hell - had he hung on for another year or so , he might have been able to pin the blame for the financial collapse on brown and steam blissfully on . 
   you ca n't have it both ways . 
  if you wish to remain in the union then you 'll have to accept what the majority of the union want . 
  the uk certainly seems to think it can . 
  silvio ? 
  is that you ? 
  who would emigrate to spain to find work today ? 
  how i wish i could . 
  i look forwards to the day when a polish government 's deposed by german edict . 
   who would of thought * cringe *, 
  how can the eu fix things , though ? 
  what sanctions can be pushed through in response to this sort of thing ?
