  it 's certainly possible to disagree with the positions put forward - but his articles on the topic universally consist of him vomiting bile into a typewriter at the idea of someone taking a philosophical position that he 's on the wrong side of . 
  it 's a recurring theme with o'neill 's pieces - unless you fall in line behind his aggressive idea of the status quo , you 're a `` killjoy '' who hates freedom/justice/liberty / men/fun , and probably one of those evil feminists bent on * literally * castrating every man alive for the sake of intergender justice . 
  he 's extremely good at what he does , but the majority of it 's simply a matter of playing to his audience . 
  his screeds tend to be 90 % rhetoric to 10 % constructive points - why should he bother actually engaging with a position when spiked/the speccy 's readership will simply guffaw and clap on cue whenever he raises the spectre of his loony left caricature of the day ? 
  whether or not the caricature in question bears the slightest resemblance to reality is irrelevant . 
  easily 90 % of his output is egregiously contrarian trash . 
  this is a rare outlier . 
   what calmed japan then ? 
  unconditional surrender , general devastation of their country , wide-ranging forced internal structural/constitutional reforms , and long-term military occupation . 
  the nukes did nothing to the japanese people that the firebombings had n't already done . 
  they just forced the war to end as quickly as possible . 
  if china or korea were burning to the ground right on japan 's doorstep , you can expect the pressure on them to change their refugee policy to increase a bit . 
  that 's pretty much what we currently have with syria . 
  it 's an absurdly long trek to make to get to japan as a refugee from the middle east - why go there when europe 's right on their doorstep ? 
  questioning ~ ~ ttip ~ ~ the law ? 
  isocubes , eighteen months . 
  i love that film . 
  probably the best film around to reel out at bad film nights . 
  it 's so hammy it * works * , somehow . 
  [ * exactly * the judge we deserve ] ( http://youtu.be/itmnitwhosm ) . 
  still think savannajeff would have been a good choice , but eh . 
  decent set there . 
  until one of them slithered his way into the leadership of the labour party , it was fringe in britain as well . 
   wait ... why would the e.u be hostile ? 
  welcome to the mind of a brexiteer . 
  the entire political establishment is united against corbyn . 
  even the liberal tendency in british politics is resolutely against him . 
  people will hold their noses and vote conservative over and over for the next decade and a half if it means keeping him and his cronies out of office . 
  that the electoral arithmetic really , * really * does n't work in his favour just makes things worse for him . 
   then the brits vote for this guy i would n't worry - there is n't much danger of that happening , fortunately . 
  the man 's not fit to lead . 
  that somebody is in favour of having their eggs sunny-side up does n't make a referendum vote against that form of egg serving a vote against that person . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  oswald mosley had absolutely nothing to do with the national front . 
  yes . 
  turns out standing as a fascist in a country that 's just come through six years of total war against fascists is n't especially beneficial for your electoral prospects . 
  ... for all of thirty seconds , before remembering that mosley was also a gutless irrelevance as soon as ww2 began . 
   how is that photo `` stop immigration '' xenophobic ? 
  it does n't say `` jews should be gassed '' or anything like this . 
  it 's ok to be anti immigration ( with which i agree - uk has way too many foreigners sponging off the system and i say it as an immigrant myself ) . 
  there is a difference between wanting to limit immigration and being a nazi . 
  look at the logo on the banner - they 're the [ national front ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_ ( uk \\ ) ) . 
  as in , * actual fucking nazis * . 
  do n't try and muddy the waters here - these people know exactly what they 're doing . 
   he was voted in with a huge majority across all labour party members . 
  not so huge , actually . 
  ignoring the # 3 `` supporters '' , corbyn breached the threshold in the first round of an av vote amongst * actual members * by a pretty small amount - 5 % , as i recall ? 
  the nature of the electoral system used is important here in establishing what his mandate actually says about the way the membership felt . 
  obviously , kendall 's supporters ' second preferences would have gone to non-corbyn candidates almost in their entirety - had he even got 5 % less , the contest would have been pushed to the third round . 
  his victory vs. the other candidates as a bloc was about as `` huge '' as the margin of victory in this referendum . 
  http://www.scotsman.com/news/poll-puts-support-for-scottish-independence-at-59-1-4163338 my mistake . 
  it 's actually only 12 points up on peak yes support in 2014 . 
  that 's * so * much better . 
  nope . 
  it 's not something that can be halted , once the process is started - at least , that 's the impression the bbc 's been giving . 
  benn wo n't get it . 
  the party wo n't elect the man who held the knife today . 
  umunna is too divisive , and not sufficiently liked by the base . 
  it really does have to be someone new - the 2015 candidates had their chance . 
  the problem there 's that they 're severely lacking in solid leaders-in-waiting . 
  dan jarvis is the one being touted as the best-fitting figure - and he * is * . 
  on paper . 
  the minute you see him actually make a speech , it becomes clear why he 's not leading the party right now - he 's even more robotic than miliband was in his early days . 
  you have to supply a full name and british postcode to even sign . 
  they have access to the electoral register - i expect there 's automatic verification involved . 
  just shy of 50 % of the voting electorate voted to remain , and turnout was pretty high . 
  thanks to social media , pulling together two million signatures for a petition on something * this emotive * is hardly unlikely . 
  be fair . 
  the lib dems are n't likely to win a majority again within any of our lifetimes - let alone leap up to one one from * eight seats * . 
  what 's * less * unlikely is their clawing their way back to the mid-double figures , if things go badly for labour and the tories for the next few months . 
  a hung parliament 's not likely , but it 's the critical position the lib dems can attempt to target . 
  if , as seems equally likely , ukip make significant gains at any snap election this year by splitting the tory and labour vote , we might well end up with a * weird * parliamentary configuration that would allow something like this to work . 
  yes . 
  of course , these are the liberal democrats - the absolute * maximum * they can hope for , under any imaginable circumstances , is to hold the balance of power in a hung parliament , as they did in 2010 . 
  if , most likely combined with the snp , their support is a necessary prerequisite for forming a government , they can extract the concession of a second referendum worded in such a way as to take a wrecking ball to the outcome of this present one . 
  unfortunately , the feasibility of this arrangement depends entirely upon the ability of the labour party to mount a credible enough challenge to the tories to actually have a shot at preventing them forming a government . 
  under corbyn , that 's just not likely at all . 
  this is n't actually what they 're saying . 
  this position was taken in the context of the present situation - article 50 of the lisbon treaty 's yet to be triggered , and it does n't look like it * will * be triggered until the conservatives elect their next leader . 
  that 's happening in october . 
  what complicates things further is the possibility of any new leader calling a general election the second they 're elevated to the position to make their mandate clear . 
  essentially , the lib dems ' position here is that * if * that snap election takes place * before * article 50 is finally triggered , they 'll be fighting on a platform of holding another referendum . 
  it 's a convoluted string of events that 's been permitted to arise solely thanks to cameron 's refusal to activate article 50 immediately . 
  if , as seems likely , he 'll be leaving that job to his successor ? 
  they 'll have a * horrible * time dealing with the fallout from the withdrawal process - at this point , remember , the government 's operating with a majority of * twelve seats * , and scottish support for independence is  15 % higher than it ever was even at its peak during the previous referendum campaign . 
  it 's surprisingly likely that article 50 will only be triggered after a snap election this year . 
  the present government 's majority is n't strong enough to weather the storm that 'll hit the second the button 's pushed . 
   dae drugs are cool and brilliant and fix everything , guys ? 
  it 's not that simple . 
  there 's no magic bullet for mental illness . 
  ketamine has n't been demonstrated to work in all cases - it 's still an experimental treatment . 
  the same 's the case of psilocybin mushrooms . 
   she is again paying the penalty for a crime committed against her she was already paying the `` penalty '' for the crime every single day she was trapped in her own head . 
  you do n't sound like you actually understand what you 're talking about , sorry . 
  depression , anorexia and ptsd * are * mental disorders that severely impact your ability to cope with everyday life , more or less by definition . 
  being diagnosed by a professional is another thing entirely to self-diagnosis . 
   usually by `` thinking straight '' people mean `` thinking like i do '' not in the context of mental illness . 
  it 's one thing to judge that you want to end your own life on your own while you 're not thinking straight , but to have reached that assessment after multiple years of continuous intensive assessment and treatment by medical professionals ? 
  yeah . 
  i 'm okay with this idea .
