not fast enough . 
  the uk in particular 's had its military cut to the bone over the past decade - the navy in particular 's been hugely hit . 
  its force projection capabilities are n't even what they were in 2003 . 
  more to the point - * none * of them would be capable of holding off a russian assault without supplies and support from american troops . 
  nato 's so integrated that their strategies depend upon it . 
  come to the uk - you 'll be completely welcome . 
  particularly in the bigger cities . 
  as to the plastic surgery point ? 
  it sounds like you might need some counseling - not surgery . 
  do n't do it . 
  it 's not an entirely unfair assessment . 
  without the americans , nato would be screwed . 
  there are n't many european militaries with significant capabilities - everything has been targeted towards peacekeeping for years . 
  barely . 
  they expelled their fuhrer-figure a month or two ago - they 're well on the way out . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shibboleth ) . 
  someone who posts on 4chan 's [ / pol / ] ( https://encyclopediadramatica.se/pol ) ( nsfw ) board . 
  it 's derived from [ a rapper ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lil_b ) 's stage name . 
  it 's been repeated to the point of becoming a ( 4chan ) shibboleth . 
  looks like a standard / pol/ack . 
  they 've made / r/ukpolitics unbearable over the past few months . 
  shameless plug : / r/britishpolitics . 
  we 're less insane . 
   ukip voter checks out . 
  eh , it 's working out reasonably well so far . 
  thank you so much for not letting this place slide like / r/ukpolitics has ended up doing . 
  the quality 's improved so much since those low points . 
  ( obligatory plug - looking for a place to talk uk politics that is n't riddled with white supremacists and far right flame wars ? 
  you might like / r/britishpolitics . 
  we 're trying to make it into a pleasant spot for discussion - and we 've been growing at a decent pace since we took it over . 
  come by !, 
  we 're lovely sorts , generally . ), 
  that pathetic string of greatapes spinoff `` free speech '' subs - / r/ukpoliticsx , and suchlike . 
  \\ / r/european is leaking . 
  ** edit ** : you mod some of those ridiculous / r/whateverx subreddits ? 
  cute . 
  judging by the number of the things , someone 's compensating . 
  cameron 's not going anywhere . 
  there 's literally nobody else available to take over right now - the only tory about that could stand a chance of doing better than him is johnson , and he 's not even going to be in parliament until next year . 
  you could n't devise a faster way to a labour government than knifing cameron right now . 
   roughly 92.6 % of the subreddit 's users are male , jesus christ . 
  how did * that * happen ? 
  catastrophically poor timing . 
  funny how that mentality changes the second it seems like we actually have something to defend against . 
  europe is n't stable enough for disarmament yet , alas . 
   it 's an interesting forecast but i feel the libdems may well disappear into the electorial wilderness . 
  they 're still winning elections , and have a solid set of safe and salvagable seats to fight . 
  i would n't count them out just yet . 
  they managed to hold eastleigh with some solid campaigning , however close to the wire it got . 
  the plan for next year 's to fight every holdable seat like a by-election - focused holding efforts are the only concern . 
  that ought to be enough to pull them over the line . 
  ... that said , i * do * hope simon hughes gets obliterated . 
  the one silver lining of a liberal wipeout . 
   though you didn ; t mention your ukip prediction ;-) seven seats or so . 
  if they can sustain their present momentum , they might manage to claw their way up to ten to twelve , but the opposition to them will kick into overdrive come next april . 
  they 'll have a hell of a climb . 
   15 % seems high to me , given polling , by-election and eu election performances . 
  i 'd say 10-12 % , with some swing-back from labour . 
  however , i also think that there are going to be disproportionately high swings against the libdems in their current seats ( partly as a result of tactical unwind ) . 
  i do n't think it 's all that unrealistic - it 's an optimistic upper bound , but it 's well within the realm of possibility , given how effective heavy campaigning in the last weeks of the campaign can be . 
  would be absolutely astonished if we got that high , though . 
  it 's looking like it 'll be a grim month . 
  the tactical unwind element wo n't matter all that much in the safer seats - the squeeze strategy the party 's been employing with a vengeance will lock things down in the salvagable seats . 
  tactical voting in a lib dem - * held * seat will still matter - fptp 's working wonders there . 
  some seats , alas , are just gone , though . 
  browne 's departure just lost the party one of the ones it had a serious shot at holding if it put up a fight - given how few will be left next year , that 's quite a blow . 
   it will be interesting to see what the libdems put in their manifesto on electoral reform next time round , given the rejection by the british public of stv . 
  it 's still going to be pr . 
  it 's been a matter of principle for the party for decades - it 's just viewed as a fundamentally * better * system . 
  even with its current polling status , the party would still be coming out with comparable-to-better representation to what it can expect to hold in 2015 if the next election were to be held under pr . 
  6 % of 650 comes to 39 seats - that 'd be an * enormous * help to the party . 
  ( obviously , it would n't exactly come to that , depending on the system used - but going as a national proportion , etc. ), 
   you did n't answer my questions about vote shares . 
  i did - apologies . 
  i edited it into the post after you read it , by the look of things . 
   what share of the vote do you think the libdems will get in 2015 ? 
  ~ 10 % -15 % , if things go well . 
  i 'd be dismayed if it ended up dipping sub-10 % - albeit not particularly surprised . 
  i 'm pessimistic about the number of mps the party 's likely to return . 
  as a vague stab in the dark , i 'd say 23 's what i 'm expecting . 
  at least i wo n't be disappointed if that gets overshot . 
   if ukip beat the libdems comfortably in terms of share of the vote , but are comfortably beaten by the libdems in terms of seats ( as currently seems likely ) , this is going to raise all kinds of interesting questions , not least for the lib dems . 
  it 's been `` raising questions '' for the lib dems for decades . 
  the alliance hit 25.4 % to labour 's 27.6 % in the 1983 election , and came out with 23/650 seats versus labour 's 209 . 
  there 's a reason they 've been the only major party actively pushing for electoral reform in recent memory . 
  put it this way - clegg netted a 15,000-strong majority over the tories in sheffield hallam ( 2010 ) , and almost 20,000 over labour . 
  the area 's not * that * studenty , and the only realistic competition are the tories . 
  the lib dems won every single ward in the area in the last set of locals , post-coalition . 
  most of their safe seats will hold , albeit by a thread in a few cases . 
  that patterns ' repeated across the country , and it accounts for a large portion of their representation . 
  $ 30m a year in waste on ambulance drivers alone . 
  christ . 
  i 'm looking for sources , but i 'm struggling - i expect any information on that 'll be in italian . 
  any italian redditors feel up to looking into it ? 
  this is something that can be dealt with . 
  they wo n't hit more than a handful of seats - at absolute best , they 'll turn into the fifth largest party in the commons - their support 's not concentrated enough to turn into a solid showing under fptp . 
  the lib dems , even in spite of their catastrophic poll showings , have been building their local strongholds for decades - it 'd take a real calamity to unseat the likes of clegg and kennedy . 
  even the most pessimistic of estimations leaves the lib dems coming out with ~ 20-25 mps next year - most expect them to scrape through with something in the region of the high twenties/low thirties . 
  that 's a showing ukip can only dream of . 
  this is the spectator , in fairness - it 's about as old-style conservative as the british press gets .
