  they even baked a cake . 
  lovely neighbours . 
  how 's prison treating you , breivik ? 
  [ / u/feint1 's views on multiculturalism , in a nutshell . 
  just in case anybody feels like giving the fellow the benefit of the doubt . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/zrd6o/channel_4_in_uk_cancels_islam_documentary/c674n7f )  we 've let this filth into our country and now we have to bend to their rules . 
  when they do n't like something we just back down and apologise . 
   it 's fucking disgusting . 
  everyone who sent a death threat needs to be arrested and deported or imprisoned . 
   multiculturalism has failed and we need , as a society , to stand up for fundamental english values like freedom of speech , freedom of the press and the rule of law . 
   if they want to live in some feudal shithole they can go back to pakistan . 
  additionally , / u/feint1 's views [ on race ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/1csnab/school_dominated_by_black_and_asian_pupils_will/c9judgj ) :  blacks have evolved to be good at running , throwing and surviving in hot conditions . 
  white people have evolved to use their intelligence . 
  this is why blacks are more violent and less successful in academics compared to white people . 
   do n't get me wrong , i 'm not racist , but you ca n't claim whites and blacks are equal when they clearly are not equal . 
  you 're a contemptible stain on your country . 
  kindly get fucked . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com ) . 
  and no nuclear-wielding country is going to invade the uk for the foreseeable future . 
  if a threat * does * arise , we 'll have a run-up period of five years or so to get our programme off the ground again . 
  no hostile power 's going to appear out of nothing . 
  please . 
  they serve absolutely no purpose anymore . 
  who , exactly , are we keeping them to deter ? 
  i hardly imagine europe will be in any position that requires it to stand up to the u.s. that requires nuclear weapons in the foreseeable future . 
  if it gets to that point , we 've already lost . 
  surprised to see the un rated so highly . 
  not in a bad way , either . 
  however bad things are elsewhere , it 's a good sign . 
  is this a blanket ban on all pornography , or just violent/extreme varieties ? 
  britain 's had laws against the latter for some time now . 
  or perhaps you could read a few books . 
  you might just improve your opinions a touch . 
  the 16:18 vote ratio on my original comment suggests my statement is n't as overwhelmingly unpopular as you appear to think . 
  it 's a moral issue , and it wo n't go away because people are `` sick of hearing about it '' . 
  if you want to stand in favour of something as controversial as animal testing , you ought to be prepared to deal with the flak that comes with it . 
  being pro-farage , i doubt that . 
  i hope your constituency swings to a black , gay liberal democrat come 2015 . 
   when has he or ukip stated that ? 
  i thought they were just against the total open door policy to immigration . 
  talk to their activists . 
  it 's not a policy that would go down badly amongst the base . 
  hush , now - do n't you have tuition fees to repay ? 
  the best argument against nigel farage is five minutes ' conversation with the average ukip activist . 
  come back , pool of non-tory mps - all is forgiven !, 
  * please !, 
   do you think this is going to raise the opinion of bulgarians in the eyes of anyone ? 
  or do the exact opposite ? 
  believe me when i say that nobody of consequence will think any less of the bulgarian people for their having made that odious little man squirm . 
  releasing mink from farms is intended to destroy the profits of the farm 's operators , in fairness . 
  it 's a blow against the system . 
  they ca n't do anything for the animals . 
  i ca n't help but think that , if an alternative 's ever developed , future generations 'll look back on this era with horror . 
  our doing it 's at least somewhat defensible on utilitarian grounds ( of a sort ) - but it 's obvious why so many people find it so morally repugnant . 
  for all the cries of `` extremism !, 
  '' , the activists do have legitimate grievances . 
  it 's more about their striking a blow against a system of what they perceive to be systematic abuse and exploitation . 
  the political aspect of it 's important . 
  those animals that they * can * rescue without injuring will probably be well cared for . 
  the treatment of the animals by the activists is n't the most significant issue here - it 's the interruption of the medical experiments . 
  nobody really gives a damn about the animals ' rights and welfare in anything beyond an academic sense - these are creatures that 've been selectively bred to contract debilitating influences almost from birth , and spend their entire lives in extremely controlled conditions . 
  the issue at hand 's whether the good done by the activists ' rescuing the animals outweighs the harm done to wider society and medical science by the destruction of the experiment in question . 
  it 's difficult not to sympathise with anti-animal testing activists at least a little . 
  it 's grotesque . 
  the world tolerates it because , for the most part , there 's no workable alternative for most of the experiments concerned , which save countless lives - but that does n't affect the underlying fact that it 's a horrible , horrible practice that at least deeply disquiets most people . 
  finding it ethically dubious is understandable . 
  the world wo n't be sorry to see the back of animal testing the second we have any viable alternative . 
  oh , those * poor souls * . 
  i do n't know how they cope under such fascist policies . 
  all those * rights * they 've had stripped away by this !, 
   things have not ever got too unpleasant . 
  and by the standards of any well-adjusted , civilised , * normal * human being in wider society , you 're wrong . 
  a passing glance at your comment history throws up an endless procession of ghastly posts that betray your bias on this topic . 
  you do n't seem to have anything beyond the most vague , wooly misunderstanding of what racism actually is . 
  i 've no desire to continue this any further . 
  kindly fuck off . 
  jesus , spare me the hero of the people routine . 
   and as pathetic that right is-the man deserves it . 
  it 's a right . 
  you ca n't take it away . 
  and this is n't a public forum - it 's a private subreddit , with rules . 
  you 're entirely welcome to toddle off and spout racist bilge elsewhere - but this place is n't a free speech arena . 
  where things get unpleasant , it 's the mods ' right to step in and contain them - and that 's absolutely fine . 
  when literally every active thread is derailed into a golden dawn/islam circlejerk over a period of several months , it becomes a matter of rescuing the subreddit . 
  we 're all here to discuss europe . 
  the environment was becoming one where that just was n't happening . 
  people were being driven away . 
  of course , you have a point - i shed few tears for the sort of grotesque bigot that spends their time whinging about '' `` paki filth '' online 's right to unlimited free speech . 
  but when it destroys what 's good in the subreddit , something has to be done . 
  this place was absolutely wonderful before it hit the ~ 10k subscribers mark . 
  now it 's starting to feel a little like that again . 
  your tone marks you out as being dizzyingly socially oblivious , or part of the problem . 
  given your past posts elsewhere , i 'm betting on the second . 
  yes , there are legitimate concerns that deserve discussion - but * not * in the manner that cropped up in that thread . 
  it 's no exaggeration to say that the place was half taken at one point - the quality of discussion was absolutely ruined . 
  now the moderators have started being proactive about this sort of thing , the place is working as it should again - as a forum for actually talking about europe without having to wade through ten anti-muslim/turkish/roma / brown-skinned demographic tidal wave destroying western civilisation posts * every single day * . 
  it really was quite horrible for a while . 
  felt like the place was becoming an annexe of stormfront . 
  then , put bluntly , you must have been blind . 
  it was bloody awful .
