  there was never any obligation to set up a currency union in the first place . 
  salmond et al blustering about not paying their share of the ( colossal ) national debt is substantially closer to bullying . 
  `` give us * exactly what we want , right now , regardless of how it impacts upon you * , or we 'll bail and leave you with a bill of hundreds of billions . '', 
  ridiculous . 
  it 's just a matter of common decency - to see the snp using it as a negotiating card 's dispiriting as all kinds of hell . 
  still much better than it would have been a year or so ago !, 
  things have improved , at least . 
  active moderation 's a wonderful thing . 
  24 % of the subreddit do n't agree wholeheartedly with `` i believe all ethnicities should be treated equally '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's alarmingly high . 
  it 's kind of * their job * to be . 
  oh , / r/europe . 
  ukip 's climate change policy is a fucking disaster . 
  they make the greens look like pillars of good science . 
  do n't vote ukip . 
  for fuck 's sake , do n't vote ukip . 
  romantic view of colonialism there . 
  if it was so nice , why did they want to leave ? 
   israel you want syrian refugees to go to * israel * ? 
  it 's not as though flights from afghanistan stop over in every single eu state they fly over en route to london . 
  did you even open the page ? 
  that option 's literally the first thing you can pick . 
   you do n't have to go far , only 50km from aleppo , to reach a crossing point at the turkish border . 
  in the border town of kilis you register and are given a place in an overcrowded refugee camp . 
  you are now among around 600,000 syrians registered as refugees in turkey . 
  turkey has an opt out from the geneva conventions and does not grant asylum to people from outside the european union . 
  you are given support in the camp but do n't have the right to work here legally , although many syrians head into cities such as istanbul to find work rather than stay in limbo in the camps . 
   people around you are talking about making the dangerous journey overland into europe , in the hope of getting international protection which would allow them to work and live a normal life . 
  dear god , i wish the self-righteous ass would fuck off out of the headlines . 
  ah , yes - hollande . 
  the iron-fisted tyrant ruling france with almost stalinesque efficiency . 
  world statesmen tremble at the very mention of his name . 
  people are mocking it because it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  adding the ability to incorporate drm 'd content into webpages in markup does n't constitute the genesis of the ministry of truth . 
  doctorow 's basic point may hold some merit , but his choice of language is ridiculous - the huxley/orwell comparison is inane . 
  it 's / r/panichistory-worthy . 
  indeed . 
  i , for one , would like to hear what david icke has to say on this . 
  truly , a voice of wisdom . 
  if you completely fail to see why ukip are perceived to be a party of bigots , even as a supporter who , i assume , has met significant numbers of party members and read a fair amount about how they conduct themselves , you 're part of the problem . 
  godfrey bloom 's hardly an exceptional case . 
  believe me , you 're missing nothing . 
  good god - why ? 
  the rest of their platform is pure poison . 
  awful gaggle of reactionary , dismally racist fuckwits . 
  they 're the british tea party . 
  if you want to vote for a somewhat eurosceptic party that is n't packed to the gills with the sort of person who thinks exhuming neil hamilton 's political career is a good idea , vote tory . 
  at least they 'll get you your bloody referendum . 
  proportionally speaking , this is n't really the biggest issue . 
  antibiotic resistance has hit crisis levels so soon , for the most part , thanks to agriculture . 
  the short-sighted , profit-crazed , inhumane cunts in the factory farm industry have been force-feeding their animals vast quantities of antibiotics for decades now , since it works out cheaper than just cleaning out their conditions occasionally/giving them large enough areas to move around in/take care of themselves . 
  `` why should we care if the animals have to live in a six inch layer of their own shit , constantly getting ill because of it ? 
  we only need them to stay alive for six weeks , anyway !, 
  stuff them with pills , then chop their heads off . '', 
  this happens to billions of chickens every year . 
  you could n't ask for a better resistance incubator . 
  when we 're out of antibiotics , do n't blame the hypochondriacs . 
  blame those $ 0.50 chicken wings you 're so fond of scoffing , a complete lack of interest in the issue amongst the general public , and the legal and moral clusterfuck that led to things getting to such an insane point . 
  they could have fucking timed it better . 
  this sort of thing 's been a huge scandal in the uk for weeks now - it 's universities uk policy to allow any member institution to let this sort of thing happen , if they decide to do so . 
  of course , this would be more understandable if the policy 's instators had a philosophical leg to stand on , and * knew how to stand it persuasively * , this would be less of a nightmare - but every pathetic jobsworth reeled out in front of the cameras in defence of it 's been an idiot . 
  it 's not even for `` liberal '' reasons - the simpering pillocks in charge of setting national standards just do n't have the stomach to face any sort of confrontation . 
  i would n't have a * huge * issue with this sort of thing if it were private institutions offering their premises for gender-segregated functions - but these are * british universities !, 
  * if a speaker insisted on segregation by race in a similar event , any institution worth its salt would tell them where to stick it . 
  just a touch disheartening to see no such backbone being shown here . 
  the weight of public pressure being brought to bear against any publicly funded institution that allows this in the media 's looking likely to force a shift in policy in the near future . 
  civil war over a customs union ? 
  extreme much ? 
   scotland if you could take the north with you when you go , that 'd be fab ? 
  you overestimate the importance of the student vote in 2010 , in fairness . 
  they do n't make up * that * large a segment of the liberal vote . 
  ireland are welcome to it . 
  the trouble 's that half of them tend to get a bit shooty-rioty-explodey if the idea 's raised - while the other half do the same if it 's not . 
  such an idiotic policy . 
  i ca n't believe anyone expected anything other than this to happen . 
  wow . 
  always found it peculiar that so many of the dogwhistle racist comments in / r/europe are by american-flaired folks . 
  do n't you have anything better to do ? 
  ** edit ** : oh , lord - this clown 's a / r/theredpill poster . 
  nothing like a bit of chauvinistic sociopathy to brighten the day . 
  [ tactical nuclear penguin ] ( http://www.masterofmalt.com/beer/brewdog-tactical-nuclear-penguin-375cl-beer/ ) was absolutely magnificent , when they were still brewing the stuff . 
  beer , but with 32 % alcohol content . 
  tasted bang-on halfway between a decent ale and some very , very peaty whisky . 
  a novelty , certainly - but shockingly pleasant stuff . 
  the [ 41 % sink the bismarck ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/scotland/north_east/8517607.stm ) followup they made fairly shortly afterwards was lovely , as well . 
  is reich time now, 
  i 'm sure a fair few would happily pay that to keep him out of politics forever . 
  not achievable under our current political climate . 
  baby steps . 
  sigh . 
  oh , god . 
  that sounds like an absolute nightmare . 
  you have no idea how much worse things get under fptp . 
  you 'll end up sobbing at the outcomes you end up with . 
  *** why ? 
  a preferential voting system . 
  do n't leave us alone with the tories !, 
  ukip are idiots , but they 're hardly nazis . 
  this sort of insanity is * exactly * why this government 's free schools policy is a godawful idea .
