  this is the kind of thing that practically demands a source . 
  an eu-russia conflict not including the americans would end with the eu losing , hard . 
  the scale of the post-cold war drawback in european military capabilities bears mentioning . 
  even britain does n't even have a single operational aircraft carrier anymore - it 's a military force squarely targeted at the assumption that we wo n't be seeing conflict on a large scale in the foreseeable future . 
  the americans would have to be drawn in . 
  and , as to the nukes point ? 
  london and paris are n't going to start hurling icbms at moscow over gotland , honestly . 
   dialogue-militaries wait . 
  * what ? 
  i look forward to the removal of this government from office more every day . 
  if only our opposition were n't so utterly spineless . 
  those poor people . 
  this kind of thing is proportional . 
  it 's like saying that the u.s. as a whole has a higher number of racists than the ku klux klan - while it 's technically true , it 's not a particularly relevant analysis . 
  not inherently racist , but certainly # 1 with racists - and with a good number of racists in the ranks - to say nothing of the all-round bigotry that you find at lower levels of party representation . 
  it 's not the best of organisations . 
  [ if senior elected officials were tossing racist remarks at non-white party activists in any other party , they 'd have been guillotined on the spot - ukip were perfectly happy to let her continue to stand under their banner . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-kent-28840210 ), 
   i wish the metrification would stop . 
  you just opened your mouth in the wrong neighbourhood . 
  how many languages do you know ? 
  if you 'd like job prospects , the uk , ireland and france might be easier , since you 're canadian . 
  lovely climates , too . 
  ghastly , bandwagon-hopping man . 
  you would n't get much of a `` proper debate '' with farage and the tory wingnuts out on the warpath , i worry . 
  ukip voter ahoy . 
  god help us all . 
  the man 's exactly what the tory party deserves . 
  that 's surprising . 
  it took about twenty seconds to do it with o2 - just wandering into the store and showing id was enough to get it done . 
  / r/european is leaking again . 
  good luck to them . 
  you wish . 
  honestly ? 
  mostly imported american shows . 
  if the snp keeps winning majorities , you can more or less count on there being another one down the line if they do n't get the devolution they want . 
  i ca n't be the only one that finds that kind of gross and objectifying . 
  and thank fuck for that . 
  of course you do . 
  hey . 
  not bad . 
  the way this place has been kept such a pleasure to read , even with so many subscribers , is quite a sight . 
  bravo , mods . 
  we kept the fleur-de-lis on the royal coat of arms for centuries after we lost any claim to french possessions . 
  i 'd hope that the union jack stays , on those grounds alone . 
  the most significant problem 's that there 's no way of incorporating wales ' flag into the union flag without it looking a bit terrible . 
  the red-white-and-blue symbolism 's stuck with us for so long for a reason - it looks * fantastic * . 
  short of shoving a dragon on top of the lot , i do n't expect anything particularly compelling , replacement-wise , will come along . 
  because they can , and the astoundingly strong performance of the pro-independence campaign has shown that it 's a vote-winner . 
  whatever happens , this will take a wrecking ball to scottish politics . 
  if it does n't pass this time , it 'll stand a damned strong chance of passing next time , if devo-max is n't an option . 
  but they 're entirely free to leave if they want to . 
  eh , it 's a matter of courtesy . 
  would you look particularly kindly on someone coming to england and not learning the language ? 
  even in places with high proportions of english speakers , it 's still a good thing to do . 
  and soon , scotland !, 
  there 's always ireland , if you 're worried about the language barrier . 
  the man 's an ass , but he did n't deserve this . 
  you 've made exactly the same comment in * twenty-one * separate threads now . 
  it 's not even a particularly good comment . 
  * why * ? 
  utter political cowardice . 
  these councillors ' heads deserve to roll . 
  this is a complete failure of responsibility - focus on community cohesion 's important , but * not to the extent of not doing your damned job * . 
  you must be petrified sitting next to someone with an irish accent in a railway station , then . 
   actual uk citizens this is the problem . 
  it 's a horrible , horrible precedent . 
  citizenship is n't so trivial a thing as to warrant its being cast aside as a matter of political convenience for the government of the day . 
  the echr is n't about one-off exceptions - the whole * point * of human rights is that there * are * no exceptions . 
  the entire point of human rights is that they 're available to * all human beings * - irrespective of how much whatever tabloid you might care to name howls for their blood . 
  these people are bastards , but abandoning the legal structrues we 've built over the past half-century to deal with this sort of thing at the behest of short-term tabloid screeching is absolutely not the way forward . 
  if convicted of a crime before a jury of their peers ? 
  yes . 
  this is * exactly * what justice is . 
  mental facilities might be a push . 
  if any evidence * at all * can be dragged up that links them with atrocities , then they should be put away for an appropriate length of time according to the law . 
  but for those that do n't have anything linking them ? 
  ... perhaps a minimum sentence of a year or so , with checks to ensure that they * actually * spent time in the is fighting for the state . 
  with * heavy * intervention during that time , obviously - from mental health practicioners and government-provided muslim clerics to try and get them to get to terms with what they 've done . 
  but , frankly - without evidence , there 's no moral justification for anything more drastic . 
  and this is yet another reason why our current government ought to be denied . 
  citizenship should n't be something to be tossed aside when politically inconvenient . 
  we have a legal system to deal with this kind of thing - whatever the mail and sun might call for . 
  oh , look - / r/european is leaking again . 
  do n't you have a jewish conspiracy to avert ? 
  york minster ? 
  really ? 
  i mean , it 's a big , impressive cathedral , but there are much more impressive examples elsewhere . 
  it 's not even the best looking - it 's just large . 
  ( living in york . 
  feel like this makes me some kind of traitor . ), 
   it promotes violence and makes the streets of amsterdam feel unsafe to those who would be targeted by isis and radical muslims . 
  aka women , gays , atheists etc. 
  this ca n't be emphasised enough . 
  this kind of action should be seen in exactly the same kind of reason that neo-nazi parades are heavily constrained by the police - they 're a show of force that makes people feel unsafe in their own city by dint of who they are . 
  [ it 's a term with a meaning of its own ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) . 
  because western ukraine is obviously equatable with afghanistan . 
   who the fuck genuinely supports isis ? 
  useful idiots . 
  true , and really fucking unfortunate .
