  it 's always surprised me how scotland 's not attracted a similarly high number of immigrants - it 's a nice enough place . 
  certainly a more attractive destination than bradford or leicester . 
  in scotland , maybe . 
  it 's a huge issue in certain northern english/midlands cities , though - the old industrial heartlands . 
  if only the uk were so welcoming . 
  the problem with russian membership of the eu is their enormous population . 
  they 'd balance out the western european bloc vote just by existing . 
  france , germany and the uk really , really would n't welcome that kind of dilution of their own voices - it 'd all but turn the eu into a western extension of russia . 
  and that 's disregarding the enormous disparity in wages between russia and the west . 
  it 's a nice romantic idea in the abstract , but given that one of the defining reasons the eu needs to hang together is to counterbalance russia ? 
  i do n't think it 's a sound idea at all . 
  russia 'd get vastly more out of eu membership than we would . 
  i 'm sure the working class russians in the baltic states would be * delighted * to roll over and take that . 
  in america , you vote for your government . 
  in russian crimea , your government votes for you !, 
  nato , unlike the league , has the obligation * and the muscle * to act decisively as a whole . 
  combined , there 's not a great deal that the russians can do to us without risking a war they ( nowadays ) simply would n't win . 
  nato is n't the paper tiger you 're making it out to be . 
  there are american troops stationed in the baltics - they 're there with good reason . 
  even if nato cares more about protecting the eu big four , it 's never going to allow the precedent to be set of abandoning members to russian annexation on the grounds of political convenience . 
   they are the kind of right wingers who would n't vote for europarl , since they are also eurosceptic . 
  i wish . 
  the next eurofighter advertising drive 's going to be spearheaded by a clip of verhofstadt perched atop a typhoon in flight hammering an electric guitar , hair whipping about in the wind , and belting out an alde-themed riff on winds of change . 
  well - it 's on their official channel , so i assume so . 
  verhofstadt in second place ? 
  [ with a campaign like that , how could he possibly fail ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/8ahtyrangag ), 
  i love the lightning connector , but microusb 's been able to handle a/v content for ages . 
  it 's even a better implementation than apple 's , as well - no quality loss from mandatory transcoding , iirc . 
  some halfway point between the two would be perfect . 
  high hopes for the next usb iteration , there . 
  with two options - `` join russia '' , and `` join russia soon '' . 
  i do n't think that 's a situation we want to duplicate . 
  i hope things work out like that . 
  i 'm just not optimistic . 
  idealism is a wonderful thing . 
  that idealism forcing europe into armed conflict with * russia * is not . 
  the world does n't care enough about ukraine . 
  were this a western country like finland or greece , every military force in the west would be throwing everything it had into the area . 
  but ukraine ? 
  while we might * want * them to come out on top , we do n't have enough of a stake in it to send soldiers there to die . 
  the world does n't need another war between superpowers over somewhere as marginal as crimea . 
  this is going to lead to ever-escalating nato posturing along the coast , at best , and end in a negotiated settlement . 
  nobody wants this to lead to war . 
  nobody else is going to intervene . 
  ukraine 's not an eu or nato member , and more than half of both organisations ' memberships are dependent upon russian fuel to get through the year . 
  nato might throw ukraine some financial and material assistance , but they ca n't intervene themselves . 
  surprise, 
  fortunately for them , it looks horribly likely that britain might vote to leave the eu within the next decade . 
   well , remember bloody sunday ? 
  it 's even worse than bloody sunday - these are snipers . 
  =| they do n't even have the excuse of acting under pressure - they 're shooting from afar . 
  it 's completely premeditated . 
  and that 's what they 're doing , where reasonable at this point . 
  the rhetoric being hurled north of the border is still , for the most part , just rhetoric - the actual proposals for post-independence scotland are still even-handed . 
  but the scots do n't have a mandate to secede yet . 
  i expect the discourse will change quite markedly if the referendum returns a yes vote . 
  in what way is it exclusively `` westminster 's fault '' ? 
  however much the snp might wish it otherwise , westminster 's scotland 's parliament too . 
  scotland overwhelmingly supported the successive labour governments that ran up the debt to the levels they 're at today . 
  scotland had huge stakes in the banks that were bailed out with uk-wide money , raising said debt problem to crisis level in the first place . 
  hell - how would salmond have dealt with the financial crash if an independent scotland were to have found itself in a position where it had to bail out the lovely banks it 'd lured from london with its preferable tax rates ? 
  rbs took a ridiculous amount of bailout money to keep afloat . 
  scotland is n't some sort of pure utopia perched atop profligate england - it 's an integral part of the uk 's economy and political establishment , and shares responsibility for both . 
  the pound is n't just an asset - it 's the national currency . 
  what salmond 's proposing is that the rest of the uk be * forced * to cede control over its own currency to a foreign state , without their consent - along with the significant risks that 'd come with any potential scottish banking system failure . 
  we all saw what happened to ireland , with such disproportionate reliance on their financial sector . 
  the uk could afford to bail out its own in 2007 - an independent scotland , though ? 
  if scotland wants to go it alone , they 're more than welcome to - but demanding continued influence over ruk monetary policy as a foreign state , with the threat of just skedaddling of into the sunset and leaving the rest of us with a ~ # 150bn bill to pick up , incurred in large part bailing out scottish assets ? 
  and , beyond that , expecting us to just sit by and shrug as scotland undercuts our corporation tax rates ? 
  this is an unreasonable demand . 
  scotland can certainly * ask * to share the same currency as the ruk , but it ca n't force the ruk to share its currency . 
   it is interesting that the upgrading and downgrading on this site does not take into account the rights or wrongs of an argument but is based on personal bias . 
  with the overwhelming british presence on this site , it is clear that other opinions do n't stand any chance . 
  so much for british fairness . 
  there 's something oddly pathetic about cybernats - this sums up the issue better than just about any other comment of its sort i 've ever seen . 
  `` so much for british fairness '' ? 
  people disagree with you !, 
  that happens in life . 
  given that the issues being discussed here are n't strict true-or-false concerns , of course there 's going to be a spectrum of fucking opinion . 
  `` everyone must agree with me ! '', 
  is n't a particularly healthy approach to take . 
   there 's no legal reason why seceding area should take part of the debt of the country . 
  there is , however , ample moral reason . 
   that does n't invalidate the link between sovereign debt and the common currency . 
  theoretically , a breakaway region could devalue its currency by 1 to 100 and then only pay back 1/100 or the original amount in the new currency . 
  this ... really is n't how currencies work . 
  a country ca n't just devalue its currency like that and not expect to be severely punished by international markets . 
  if scotland goes for a currency of its own , it 'll still have to take on its share of the debt denominated in pounds - it can devalue its currency relative to the pound all it likes , but markets will only accept payment in said currency if the exchange rate is sensible . 
  salmond ca n't just throw his hands up in the air and say `` yeah , well , i say we owe you fifty pence . 
  take it or leave it , bitches . '', 
  this is n't a response to my original point , though . 
   this line of reasoning assumes that ** the only ** assets and liabilities in contention are the pound and the national debt . 
   it is in all business transaction , but perhaps you know better . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  that sentence does n't make any sense . 
   and his logic is impeccable : `` no shared liabilities without shared assets '' is it fuck . 
  this line of reasoning assumes that the * only * assets and liabilities in contention are the pound and the national debt . 
  that 's flat-out not true . 
  `` bully '' is a bit of a strong way of putting it .
