  last one even has a fun campaign throught different ages in history . 
  kill a dog ?!, 
  `` good afternoon , 47 . 
  your target is steve . 
  he contacted ica recently to assassinate his neighbors ' beautiful german shepard named wuffles . 
  as you know ica takes an issue of animal cruelty very seriously , so we need you to send everyone a message - kill steve publicly and violently , shotgun in the face should be fine . 
  the clock is ticking , 47 , and wuffles is waiting . '', 
  since cities : skylines was already suggested , i 'll throw in tropico 3 or 5 . 
  the latter can be turned into a fun mini-series of 4-5 episodes , each for a single era . 
  somewhere in between you should also listen to one of the nerdcubed podcats where jon tries to explain how cars work , that was just beautiful . 
  [ here it is ! ] ( https://soundcloud.com/nerdcubed/the-nerd-podcats-episode-22 ) . 
  the discussion about space and science starts around 1:55:30 , and jon 's explanation on how cars work is at 1:59:30 . 
  so ... you make your own luck ? 
  i 've replayed ac2 quite a while ago , but are they egyptian ? 
  if so , it is weird that templar lair in venice is filled with egyptiian artifacts and not byzantine . 
  iirc venice took a major part in 4th crusade and sack of constantinople in 1204 , hell , even famous horses on basilica di san marco are from constantinople . 
  obviously hidden templars ' treasury should be filled with byzantine stuff . 
  jesus christ , it 's jason bourne !, 
  porsche unleashed . 
  even if you include undergrounds and most wanted it will still be porsche . 
  i just replayed evolution mode this christmas and my god it still holds up perfectly - from track design and physics to tuning and music it just hits all the right spots . 
  about remaining star cores in battle zone arena , maybe you can get a follower and ask them to pick those up , they should n't trigger the doors . 
  same with the one in rad-filled closet in vault-tec . 
  also , why not pick a star core on the top of star control , the lift activates with main power and there are no enemies there except a single mr. 
  as long as we have margot robbie in a bubblebath explaining subprime mortgages , i 'm fine with it . 
  reminds me of [ this version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dam5hickha ) . 
  have n't bought it yet , is it any good ? 
  russia already offered nato an agreement to require ** all ** military planes in baltic sea to have transponders on , but it was declined . 
  [ https://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-rejects-russian-air-safety-proposal-for-planes-in-baltic-region-1474391644] ( https://www.wsj.com/articles/nato-rejects-russian-air-safety-proposal-for-planes-in-baltic-region-1474391644 ), 
  also ,, 
   some allies , including the u.s. and norway , occasionally operate without transponders while flying national reconnaissance or surveillance missions . 
  double standards ? 
  so , as long as you are invading countries on the other side of the world , you 're fine then , ok . 
  that 's what i 'm talking about , invading is fine , right ? 
  have you ever seen russian-estonian-finnish borders in gulf of finland ? 
  [ here 's the map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qatj05n.jpg ) - there 's just a small corridor of couple kilometers wide of international waters / airspace . 
  there 's simply not much space there to exploit thus certain flight trajectories . 
  same questions can be asked about russian airforce :, 
  * do they fly other military aircraft ( except bombers ) with transponders ? 
  * how often do they fly with transponders comparing to those flights without 'em ? 
  speaking of sources , i just do n't undersrand us navy acting surprised as their their destroyer is standing 70 miles near russia 's biggest military military base in baltics . 
  also , [ the planes were ` wings clean ' , meaning they were not visibly armed ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3538158/russian-fighter-jets-aggressively-buzzed-navy-warship-baltic-height-just-30-feet-defense-official-reveals.html ) and [ all of our flights were conducted and are being conducted over the neutral waters of the black sea in accordance with international rules and safety requirements , '' ... `` if the us destroyer , as the pentagon official claims , conducted a ` regular ' patrol mission in the vicinity of russia , tens of thousands miles away from their own shores , it is strange to be surprised about the no less regular flights of our aircraft over the black sea '' ] ( https://www.rt.com/news/377363-russia-black-sea-flyby-porter/ ) . 
  i know it is not relevant to discussion , but i thought it was worth noting . 
   except nato has n't invaded any sovereign territory, 
  yugoslavia did not happened ? 
  nato did not have backing of unsc for bombing operation thus making it de jure illegal intervention into another un member territory . 
  no , i think every country should be held to the same international laws and standards - if any country illegaly intervenes sovereign territory it should either be responsible for all the damage it inflicts . 
  otherwise , if there 's no need for international law if it is used only when it is convenient to leading powers . 
  in your words `` do n't accuse someone of supposed rape while murdering people across the globe for last half a century . '', 
  screw international laws and procedures , nato knows whats best for the world . 
  maybe one day nato will consider russia is too dangerous to be having nuclear weapons and decides to intervene , should i welcome them at my doorsteps too ? 
  you know , its almost 2am , and i have no interest to continue this discussion . 
  as i 've said earlier somewhere above - laws are made to be followed and by everyone . 
  otherwise there is no need for them . 
  if you expect russia follow them , maybe you should start folowing them first . 
  our local university has an student exchange program with university of tromso , so i 've had some friends spending a few months there . 
  generally , their impressions were quite positive - people are friendly and supportive , no matter who are you and where you from . 
  some of our views might differ , but during round table discussions everyone was able to defend their point without any negativity from any side . 
  personally , i think we have a lot of place for cooperation , especially in arctic region , but as long as there are political barriers from both sides our relationship will stay neutral but cautious . 
  i 'd love to see a survival no-perk run from jon . 
  build a character in the beginning , do not pick any perks and no special upgrade after intro . 
  of course you are free to use everything else game offers you . 
  companion and quest perks are still available , same goes for bobbleheads and magazines . 
  drugs and legendary effects will make waaaay more difference too . 
  since you wo n't be able to craft cetrain items and upgrades you 'll be forced to search for weapon and armor mods in loot , and that leads to interesting situations where you 'll have to choose between you fully upgraded but crappy itmes and standard but better quality ones . 
  imagine , no op melee and explosives , no armored fedoras , no easy speech checks and no ridiclously overpowered vats ( just slighty op ) . 
  no god-tier midgame power armor , etc. 
  a bit offtopic , but nature out there is really beautiful - [ putorana plateau ] ( https://lenta.ru/photo/2017/03/03/plato/#0 ), 
  how about skyrim series ? 
  you start as an imperial ~ ~ stealth ~ ~ archer with faendal , join legion , become a general , get a horse , conquer half of skyrim and feed ulfric to dogs . 
  a lot of people overlook it , but most ac games have huge databases with lots of information , including lore , actually in game . 
  it was always fun tying lore together by myself , and filling missing gaps on wiki . 
  also , shaun commentaries are fun . 
  i 'm sure there should be books with compilation of all the notes and memos from different games ( like the dunwall archives for dishonored ) . 
  i always thought of a game set in late xix russia a 2 part saga set in st. petersburg and moscow , but lately i 've been thinking about morocco setting , sometime around xi-xiii century - fez , marrakesh , tangier , sal\u00e9 - it would be a perfect throwback to very first ac . 
  lots of tight streets , high towers , interesting political and religious stories , etc. 
  thirty years war is definetely the one ubi should explore . 
  and its not only huge battles and city sieges , but also witch hunts , plague , famine , and all across the central europe , from hamburg down to north italy , from prague to western france . 
  start fallout 4 yolo , get stuck in a wall ans slowly die from a first radroach . 
  i really hope me : andromeda sticks around for quite some time . 
  i barely played only original mass effect , but really interested in andromeda . 
  the entire concept of a game just hits right spots for me , but i ca n't play it right now or in the forseeable future . 
  speaking of length , i believe jon said somewhere he wanted to make a full series , i 'd expect about 30-40 episodes if it wo n't be cancelled midway . 
  tomb raider sequel ? 
  welcome from arkhangelsk  as a city resident i can assure you , yes , it if safe for indians , and foreigners in general . 
  in fact , because of students ' exchange programs there are quite a few indian students in local medical university , so we 're slowly getting used to you guys . 
  here 's [ bird 's - eye view ] ( https://www.hibiny.com/images/news/2015/95430/c303a774676dc7c77fc42bb476e610de.jpg ) . 
  looks like something from a videogame , does n't it ? 
  the idea itself is interesting , i 'm not a fan on horror genre , but like those classic characters , and making them share a single universe would be at least refreshing to watch . 
  actors and directors nowadays ( in big budget hollywood movies ) do n't mean anything , we 've seen too many movies lately with a-list cast fail critically , so i wo n't hold my breath for any particular actors . 
  another interesting thing is writers ' room , that i believe is used to develop the shared universe here . 
  with transformers and avatar it is intriguing to see in they can establish a new trend in movie industry . 
  in case you or anyone else have n't seen it , jon also played astroneer with dan and matt from nerdcubed ( [ short version ] ( https://youtu.be/-e57gbui6xo ) + [ unedited 2,5 hours video ] ( https://youtu.be/kgn49f9k3se ) ), 
  elephants in rome ? 
  is julianus vatinius trying to reenact the finale of ryse : son of rome ? 
  if not , jon , this needs to happen . 
  aaand now i 'm left wondering is there in r : tw a unit of fat blokes with nipple tassels ... 
  well , universal really wanted to develop spin-offs of the series . 
  i would n't be surprised if they make a fun little movie about han and gisele adventures in asia between 5 and 6 , with some cameo appearances from other cast . 
  this place is potentially full of bees !,
