  me ( crying ) : nooo , it is potentially full of bears !, 
  ca n't wait to see what they have for next cosmic marvel movies - infinity war and captain marvel sure will look special , maybe eventually they 'll even warm up to the idea of nova movie . 
  as much as i expected guardians of the galaxy to establish cosmic part of mcu , the movie itself left me underwhelmed . 
  thor , on the other hand , is a rather underappreciated character in mcu , he has his charm , and despite his movies being flawed i 'm really intrigued what the cast and crew will bring on the table this time . 
  gosling as george stacy ? 
  i can see that . 
  not !, 
  especially since he 's making out with gwen from another universe in like every second movie . 
   i wish they would make like prequel movie with only transformers about autobots vs deceptions on cybertron . 
  dark of the moon opening scene . 
  i know , right ? 
  those movies are already like 70 % cgi , why not make them 100 % cgi jungle book style movie without unnecessary human characters, 
  [ there you go ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cwl2f0nwiaeygsi.jpg ) , just do n't kill anyone , 
  [ podcats ] ( https://soundcloud.com/nerdcubed/sets/the-nerd-podcats ) . 
  all of 'em . 
  back in late 90s when our family got our first pc a friend got me a cd with the original the need for speed ( the road & track one ) and i spent dozens of hours driving my favorite tracks ( coastal , alpine and city ) in red testarossa . 
  some time late i somehow got nfs iv : high stakes . 
  oh , how beautiful and stressful it was . 
  but then it came down to porsche unleashed . 
  me and my best friend spent every weekend both at his and my home competing who will be the first to finish both evolution and factory driver mode . 
  mind you , even then i was not even aware that my favorite games were all parts of the same franchise . 
  a few years later a friend moved to another country , but we were still talking from time to time . 
  for his birthday present i bought a new game that looked cool ... nfs underground !, 
  and before sending it to him i made a copy for myself ( yeah , piracy , sorry ea ) . 
  and my god i really got into it and started lurking around internet searching for fan communities . 
  by the time prostreet came out i was a die hard fan knowing pretty much everything about the series and played most of games . 
  unfortunately it went downhill from there for me , except for hot pursuit - its online was wildly entertaining . 
  unpopular opinion but porsche unleashed . 
  physics were a perfect combination of arcade accessibility and realistic feeling that did punish you for making serious mistakes . 
  carlist was massive and diverse - from classics to sportcars to racecars . 
  and they had tuning !, 
  and you had to pay for repairs in evolution . 
  and you could buy and sell used cars and set your own price . 
  and car prices changed as time goes by , so if you owned your 356 for couple decades its price would go down at first but skyrocket later . 
  such a minor aspect of the game but the amount of thought put in it is impressive . 
  next is racetracks - again very different , coastal cote d'azur , forests of schwarzwald , legit snowy mountain overpass of alps , fast but narrow urban zone industrielle and high speed but slippery autobahn , auvergne and corsica with multiple very different paths , 5 versions of monte carlo and even a skidpad . 
  and every one of them ( well , except skidpad ) had reverse , mirrored and reverse-mirrored version . 
  two different and challenging career modes with ... you guessed it diverse challenges through different car classes - test driving , car deliveries , challenges , rallies , etc. 
  i 'm not even talking ( oh , who am i kidding , i will ) about a vast encyclopedia on all things porsche , cool soundtrack , animated 3d cockpit view and the ability to look inside a car in garage , hell , you could pick whether you want to drive with or without roof on cabriolets , and iirc you could even put a hardtop on some of them . 
  the depth of this game is insane , and its a real shame it did n't succeed financially . 
  also , it holds up really well for an almost 7 years old game, 
  back in 2008 undercover introduced me to bonobo , amon tobin and ninja tune , it 's nice to see him back in the soundtrack . 
  was totally expecting benor . 
  not dissapointed . 
  also , great work !, 
  i 'd recommend you to go through [ evening urgant ] ( http://www.1tv.ru/shows/vecherniy-urgant ) episodes - it is as mainstream as it could be and often has both national and worldwide celebrities from movie and music industry . 
  urgant himself is , i believe , the one with most followers on twitter or instagram right now , so he is a celebrity himself . 
  porsche 911 gt2 ( 993 ), 
  bmw 850 csi, 
  porsche 911 gt1 strassenversion, 
  mercedes-benz clk-gtr, 
  it 's a prequel . 
  this kinda reminds me of brotherhood system in assassin 's creed . 
  and while i agree that crew system could be improved , i would not want to shift focus to your crew members and dealing with all the shit they do ( mainly heat level caused by them ) . 
  i see it that another way . 
  first things first , you should start a game joining another crew with certain limitations ( cetrain car class/manufacturer with crew vynil ) . 
  it just irks me that you arrive in palmont - the place where everyone hates you and get garage , a free car and a crew mate outta nowhere . 
  it would work better if darius took you under his wing and you were conquering terriroty for his crew . 
  eventually shit goes down , you are thrown out of his crew and start your own . 
  now that you have your crew you give them your styling and send them to races . 
  their effectivenes in races depends solely on their car specs . 
  if they win races they get money that you can spend upgrading their car , so they wo n't fall back while you progress . 
  finally , team race modes . 
  i 'd love to see some kind of relay race ( like in 2f2f ) . 
  you could also implement them in pursuits to give cops another target and let you easily escape , or simply use them like your own rams ( just like blockers in races ) . 
  the remake of the classics can work if it will be a remake of all games at once . 
  take all the cars fom tnfs to hp2 ( excluding porsche unleashed for obvious reasons ) - that will be around 50 of them . 
  make a dozen of little environments ( coastal , forest , alpine , etc ) with multiple track layouts , throw in cops with chase mode ( hp2 ) , a simple tournament ( hs ) , maybe a challenge series ( pu ) . 
  add some classic soundtrack and there you have a remake . 
  favorite : porsche unleashed, 
  underrated : the run, 
  hated : undercover, 
  some might even say , * [ everyone ] ( https://youtu.be/ttvmcdc4wyi?t=6s ) *, 
  i wiped the dust off my copy a couple months ago and it still holds up great . 
  or maybe it is just nostalgia , 
  did you actually play mco back when it was , well , online ? 
  how was it ? 
  i 'd really love to read some first-hand impressions on the least known game of the series . 
  rally fighter would fit , maybe lamborghini urus . 
  i 'm not a fan of offroading , especially in nfs series , but if you have it , you should have it in style . 
  other than that , something unique , like ferrari testarossa , toyota 2000gt we do n't have them enough , couple group 5 racecars , i especially like those awesome lancia montecarlo and chevrolet monza with utterly insane bodykits ... ohh !, 
  aston martin vulcan and mazda furai !, 
  i can go on and on ... 
  infinite pond now makes * so much * sense, 
  everything that they could 've done with it , and they went with the laziest approach . 
  replicas were cheap , acting was meh ( and that 's coming from a big fan of aaron paul , dominic cooper and especially imogen poots ) , even racing itself was shot so unoriginally . 
  only the last race was somewhat memorable and michael keaton is entertaining as always . 
  an umbrella would be useful and fitting , especially if she will be there in autumn or spring . 
  looks like a nice mix between most wanted and hot pursuit , i like it . 
  is there an option to turn off health bars ? 
  convertibles, 
  did they finally cancelled it ? 
  i thought it was stuck in different circles of development hell for last few years, 
  well , payback already has nighttime racing , customisation with neons , most of the iconic street racing cars ( shame toyota , shame ) , a city that should glow at night like a new year tree , drift and drag racing , car and parts shops - it ca n't possibly get more underground than this . 
  and with all that we are getting multiple characters with actual story , offroad , cops , a map with diverse locations from city to desert , from canyon to forest , suvs and supercars and i 'm pretty sure i 'm missing something else . 
  it wo n't be just undergorund but much and much more . 
  and personally , i 'm cautiously optimistic about that . 
  not a fan of offroad in general myself , but this looks fresh for a series , and physics actually look alright . 
  cars do n't look like they are modified to the top of the class though ( like beetle in previous videos ) , it 'll be interesting to see what you can do with suvs . 
  also , now that we 've seen both male characters , i hope for some jess gameplay in the city , preferably at night *** underground intro intensifies ***,
