  it is 4am right now and this confuses the shit outta me, 
  how to adapt settlement building mechanics to tes setting . 
  you have to earn a patch of land throught a faction questline . 
  then you build your settlement with a certain purpose given by said faction ( a fortress , farm , trading point , villa ) . 
  to expand and fortify your settlement you 'll have to do different quests like securing borders , finding vendors and resources , hire guards and farmers , you know , just like in morrowind . 
  of course some factions have to be mutually exclusive so you ca n't build all settlements in a single playthrough . 
  thanks for those youtube links , i 've tried learning ck a few years ago with official guide but failed miserably and did not bother to try again . 
  but these are exaclty what i was looking for . 
  it would be nice if we could turn tables for once . 
  usually we play as an young and annoying fella against a bunch of old templar farts . 
  imagine , assassin 's brotherhood living in prosperity , your character helped to get rid of templars decades ago , but now a new threat rises . 
  a young and ambitious templar is rebuilding order and taking down brotherhood . 
  he is fast and smart , know your every step , has cooler gadgets . 
  your allies start turning on you , and eventually it is only you against a big and powerful templar order . 
  it might not be the most accurate , but :, 
  [ fallout 4 vs. gta5 ] ( https://assets.vg247.com/current//2016/02/thedivisonfallout4gta5mapcompare.jpg ) and [ la noire vs. gta5 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oivtzo0.jpg ), 
  faction - pirates of abecean sea . 
  we never explored underwater in tes , it is almost a clean slate for lore . 
  owning a ship would also be nice . 
  intrigues , murders , conspiracy , ties with morag tong - perfect for a great story worth dlc . 
  [ supplies ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/296/543/89a.jpg ), 
  reminds me of button in canada 2011 . 
  except button even managed to win . 
  [ just for fun ] ( http://cs5508.vk.me/u12800960/-14/y_d25a8daf.jpg ), 
  but seriously , both share same phone area code - 818 . 
  i doubt there is anything else . 
  as it was mentioned before , the `` leap-of-faith tower '' is indeed [ giralda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giralda ) , which means story might take place in seville . 
  fun fact , the seville cathedral , standing right next to giralda was in its final years of construction during the events of the movie . 
  [ this shot ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m4q8ddw.png ) however looks like [ la calahorra castle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/castillo_de_la_calahorra ) , so maybe we 'll get some other locations too . 
  i 'd love to see another oceans movie , whether with a female cast or not . 
  hope they can get soderbergh to produce . 
  jen is playing rusty ? 
  i 'd rather see her playing damon 's character . 
  and while we are at it , can i haz eva mendes and rosario dawson for bernie mac and don cheadle characters ? 
  europe loves russia , but ukraine had to win , yeah , nothing political at all ... 
  fun fact : alicia vikander ( recently casted as lara croft in upcoming tomb raider movie ) was originally in talks to play the role . 
  but she picked new bourne movie instead . 
  and now she 's dating fassbender . 
  i was not interested in ubi movies , but now that i think about it , i 'd see splinter cell and division , as long as they share same universe . 
  make it tom clancy series , throw in rainbow six , hawx , ghost recon . 
  not that it is necessary , but there is never too many good spy thrillers and spec-ops movies . 
  dishonored would be pretty neat . 
  and make drivers pay for it ? 
  * you should be able to do almost everything that all npcs in the game do . 
  at least give an option to buy a brahmin , hire guards and become a trader . 
  or become a caravan guard yourself . 
  * more joinable factions , including raiders . 
  honestly , i ca n't beleive the same studio that brought us morrowind with dozen factions and extensive storylines gave us fallout 4 . 
  * real multiple endings - you should be able to either side with a single faction , suport its leader or confront him/her , gain allies or kill everyone else . 
  or resolve the main story quest without destroying any factions ( but this should be borderline impossible with multiple high skill/perk checks and right decisions through game ) . 
  * completing the game both as a pacifist and killing everyone ( [ everyone !, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/mrtsuvykuzk?t=9s ) ) should be equally hard but possible . 
  with female cast of mary elizabeth winstead , brie larson , aubrey plaza and anna kendrick . 
  i always thought houston would make a great setting for a space-themed fallout game . 
  eagle vision is too good not to be adapted into ar game . 
  find glyphs on historical landmarks , solve puzzles by erudito , get synchronization points . 
  may the father of understanding guide us , 
  [ well , that 's neat ] ( http://media2.giphy.com/media/3o7tkuc2rd9leropiy/giphy.gif ), 
  only quincy ? 
  there are lots of destroyed settlements that could 've and should 've been resettled . 
  even if you forget about fan favorites easy city downs and combat zone there are still university point , natick banks , salem and libertalia alreagy fortified and ready to meet and greet new settlers . 
  all of them deserve to be turned into working settlement more that murkwater or nordhagen . 
  but ... * you do n't turn your back on family , even when they do * . 
  ocean 's trilogy . 
  almost every scene every movie is either a set-up or a pay off . 
  ocean 's 13 was especially good at that - ones of my favorite were scenes with shuffle machines . 
  at first they ca n't make them work , then one guy asks eddie izzard for help , supposedly gets exposed and eventually during the heist gets `` caught '' by `` fbi '' and finally eddie izzard appeares with rigged shuffle machines . 
  4 ranks of pickpocket should probably work . 
  lived in the city for my whole life . 
  i wo n't say it is a `` nice '' city , but it has its charms . 
  climate is dreadful , the city itself is a bit muddy , especially during autumn and spring , public transportation is also terrible . 
  other than that it is a pretty much an average city - not very pricy , with quite a few things to do both in and out of the city . 
  if you are interested in russian history and culture there are some interesting museums in arkhangelsk itself , but i 'd reccomend you to travel across the whole oblast ' - solovetsky monastery and kargopol are beautiful places worth visiting . 
  if you you are more interested in soviet history there 's a submarine factory in severodvinsk just an hour from arkhangelsk and plesetsk cosmodrome down south ( about half a day trip by a car , iirc ) . 
  but i do n't know if you 'll be allowed to be near those , since both cities are strategic military locations . 
  i 'd reccomend visiting the city either in summer ( white nights are beautiful , also there is a very interesting street theatre festival in the end of june ) or closer to christmas , maybe january and february ( it can be a bit cold but nature in winter is really gorgeous ) . 
  the only problem with travelling to moscow and st. petersburg is time - it usually takes around a day travelling by car or train , or 1,5-2 hours by plane , but twice as expensive . 
  round trip plane ticket to spb is 9-10k rub or about $ 170 , same for moscow . 
  volgograd would be significally more expensive and time consuming cause it is much further south and not a common destination for us . 
  other than that things are pretty much the same . 
  looks like skyrim glass armor . 
  well , google is n't wrong . 
  ladas are among the most popular cars in russia and are underrepresented in europe and especially in america . 
  which is a shame cause new ones are quite good for their price . 
  this . 
  you start as a human , but at some point you are given a chance to turn yourself into ghoul or supermutant , or transfer your consciousness into a robot . 
  and as a final form you could turn into a glowing one or a behemoth , not to mention using robot workbench to upgrade yourself . 
   a good space battle . 
  the only star wars episodes i really care about are anh and rotj for their big space blowouts at the end, 
  this . 
  screw dogfights , i want an epic fleet vs. fleet battle , with dreadnoughts and battlecruisers , a full blown assault of first order on new republic , a desperate attempt to gain more power after destruction of starkiller base . 
  salem , natick banks , university point , quincy - all of them should 've been living towns instead of another shooting grounds overrun with generic enemies . 
  dlc 1 : fall of karnaca . 
  happens 5 years before the events of d2 and focuses around the death of duke theodanis abele . 
  billie lurk finds daud in karnaca , together they uncover the conspiracy againist theodanis , work with aramis stilton to prevent it . 
  throw in howlers with paolo , maybe oracular order . 
  bring back old duke 's palace . 
  in the end daud is trapped in void , billie changes her name and starts to search for a way to bring daud back , then , stumbles upon delilah conspiracy that leads to the events d2 . 
  then after d2 goes second dlc, 
  tropico can be a nice little series - very fun and entertaining games .
