guys , you 've created a russian comedian and actor roman trahtenberg, 
  actually , translators usually did not translate foreign swear words but used more polite synonyms long before new law . 
  so yes , we watched twows without 95 % of swearing . 
  childish people and bad hosts . 
  never going to denmark . 
  because hosts are responsible for event . 
  i do n't remember any gay athletes in sochi being booed even though most russians do not support european pro-lgbt politics . 
   what makes you think most russians subscribe to that idea of thought ? 
  because i live there and see all these people every single day . 
   that 's almost as ignorant as you declaring that you would never want to go to denmark because you think the event houses around 24 different nationalities and they all represent denmark because it happens to take place in copenhagen . 
  eurovision is an international event . 
  not some 3rd level show for 1,5 villages . 
  and when you host such event , especially the one that is supposed to stay away from politics , you make sure you are doing your job damn good and not putting 17 years old girls , no matter what country they belong to , into such a shithole and insult an entire nation . 
  you have your issues with putin then solve them with putin and let me enjoy the show . 
  if you ca n't do it then i 'll gon na think twice before going to the country . 
  because apparently it is normal to be abused over your nationality . 
  but sure , you can be proud , you all have equal rights and a bearded woman can win eurovision . 
  edit : formatting issues . 
  did you not hear the booing ? 
  apparently the whole europe does think that 17 yo girls are guilty of putin '' s politics . 
  then why bad hosts ca n't be guilty for terrible event ? 
  this is hospitality 101 - you do n't insult your guests even if you do not agree with them . 
  it 's not my problem how they should do this . 
  russia somehow managed to prevent such crap in sochi for couple of weeks , why it should be even an issue for developed european country ? 
  and do n't even tell me they did not expected this . 
  they knew that would happen , did not do anything to prevent it . 
  if russia would be a gay it would be a shitstorm all over the globe by now . 
  i remember there were a number of incidents during football matches againist black players , and there were serious consequiences for both fans and football clubs . 
  how is that different ? 
  also , crowd management , look it up . 
  every announcer should know how to control its audience . 
   besides , i think the main reason russia got booed was the recent involvement in ukraine that is constantly on the news daily . 
  booing a gay athlete is not comparable . 
  two girls were booed , not russia . 
  girls themselves are not guilty of anything . 
  and they were booed for being russian . 
  i just do n't see how it is not comparable with being booed for being gay , or being black , or being a jew . 
  and it you do n't like sochi comparison they you can remember eurovision 2009 in russia when there were no booing against anyone . 
  do i need to mention that was only a year after ossetian conflict ? 
  i thought it was a badly scaled photo but then saw arma logo in the corner . 
  that 's some pretty impressve graphics right here . 
  if i were putin i would let china take a huge chunk of land ... somewehre in north america . 
  and i would even help them take it . 
  well , apple users just have to wait for 5-10 years when gta v will be released for ios xv . 
  i was not fond about hammerfell , though it looks like a logical continuation for elder scrolls storyline . 
  deserts are kinda boring , and overall middle-eastern styled game does n't look enough interesting for me ( especially after eso beta test with its generic locations ) . 
  dwemers could be fun , but they are already overused in skyrim and i would want to take a little break from them too . 
  valenwood on the other hand is awesome - not another human race ( i know redruards are not technically nedes , but anyway ) , rich lore , terrific setting with giant walking !, 
  trees and dolmens and ayleid ruins . 
  bosmers are talented archers and still elves so that means powerful magic ( not that nonsense in skyrim ) . 
  again , remembering eso beta i simply walked around valenwood watching landscapes for a couple hours . 
  not really interested in lizardistan , endless marshes are depressing . 
  but cat-folks are hilarious . 
  and i never could 've imagines what elsweyr would look like . 
  are n't there deserts too , like in hammerfell ? 
  so you have some real , not ridiculous speculations or conspiration theories that it was russian military that fought ukrainian forces in crimea ? 
  because if you do n't then i 'm really sick of all this `` we know it 's russia but have no proof but we know '' everywhere . 
  everyone on reddit is so eager to jump the `` hate those damn ruskies ! '', 
  hypetrain that they will listen and believe no matter what their fox news tell 'em . 
  tecnically , that could happen in elder scrolls universe . 
  the phenomenon is known as `` dragon break '' http://www.uesp.net/wiki/lore:dragon_break, 
  i started playing revelations like a day ago for the first time , and so far it is on par with brotherhood and acii . 
  you mean nirnbones ? 
  i know a bit about tes lore , but thanks for info . 
  but what you wrote is one of my biggest problems - ultimately hammerfell is a land of warriors and that limits roleplay greatly . 
  in a land where everyone is raised as a warrior you do n't have lots of choices and you 're gon na have to use some basic fighting at least sometimes . 
  but what if i do n't want to ? 
  what if i want to be a mage who contemns blades and uses only magic ? 
  and even if i somehow find my own corner in hammerfell who will i fight against - a countless hordes of bandits and mercenaries ? 
  speaking of dwemers , they * are * overused in skyrim , they had blackreach not even to mention ruins far east from their original habitat ( but surprisingly none under throat of the world ) and even in soltsheim . 
  and for the love of talos , i do n't want dwemer ruins where a teen can survive . 
  give 'em a break , they 've been lost for ages and can wait for another hundred years . 
  now valenwood , even though it took something from tolkien , is absolutely different world from what we 've seen so far . 
  province was damaged during imperial simulacrum but returned its influence with the aldmeri dominion . 
  you 've told that bosmers do n't have powerful magic , but they can easily tame animals . 
  they also are skillful warriors but they still could be silent assassins with their arrows . 
  imagine walking through a dark grove and suddenly being hit by poisoned arrow that takes half if our health - how that 's a challenge . 
  y' ffre is also returning , bringing gifts for forest folk . 
  among other things , strong ties with alinor , cat-people in the border and even maormer down south . 
  but russian military always was in crimea ... 
  you say like it never happened in europe . 
  nato is always right , sure . 
  iraq confirms . 
  who the fuck is vlad ? 
  well , how many nukes are in texas ? 
   i mean , we 're a superpower, 
  no , you 're not . 
  not anymore . 
  what are these countries you are talking about ? 
  bigger guns do not make you a superpower . 
   a superpower is a state with a dominant position in international relations and is characterised by its unparalleled ability to exert influence or project power on a global scale . 
  us does not have neither dominant position in international politics anymore , nor unparalleled ability to to project its power . 
  it is bounded by its relations with europe , china and middle-eastern countries , not to mention huge influence of russia and a number of other countries and alliances on global scale . 
  is america still a great power ? 
  sure , but it is not the only one in the world like a two decades ago before world iraq , world financial crisis , and nsa . 
  i 'll say this the way you 'll understand . 
  us ca n't influence a country younger than my grandfather . 
  you ca n't walk around the world like a sheriff and set puppet governments anywhere you want anymore . 
  you also ca n't wave your guns and dollars and think anyone will fall for it . 
  is that clear enough ?
