  well , we 've seen a little bit of her in the intro for first gameplay ( w / henry green ) , as well as a small bit in the end . 
  and that leap of faith from big ben . 
  it is barely something but still not nothing . 
  then at least her character better fits my playing style . 
  but i still hope that jacobs missions will be about his gang wars and evie will focus on assassinations . 
  despite being an every-year release franchise and , let 's face it , a cash cow for ubi , there are not that many aaa open world games in historic setting . 
  add all the fancy features ( stealth , parcour , fun combat , cinematic narration and etc. ), 
  that are popular these days and there you have the main reason - it is actually a good mainstream game . 
  maybe not the biggest thing in year like gtav or witcher 3 , but definetely not a bad game . 
  they keep core mechanics to save the audience , add a few new features to keep game up to trends ( crafting , co-op , multiple protagonists ) , and after all game is fun and simple to learn , but there 's a lot to explore . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  but i guess it would be too much to ask ubi to double the amount of armors from unity , so both jacob and evie would have their own wardrobe . 
  black flag modern storyline is actually not that bad and on par with the one in the first assassin 's creed . 
  i never saw it to be the main story , but a nice addition to animus stuff , only expanding the actual stories from memories , seeing its influence on the modern world . 
  i remember a suggestion about a game set during thirty years ' war - but i see it not as a trilogy , but an epic saga set all over central europe with multiple protagonists from different years and places . 
  let 's say every game has three protagonists , each with his own set of locations and own story . 
  every story is like a piece of a puzzle - it is standalone and self contained at first sight , but as you keep learning more , you 'll better understand different things and uncover hidden secrets . 
  and of course you 'll be able to meet different characters at different times of their lives , visit same places before , during and after war and so on . 
  and the best part is thirty years war is a complex event , that has everything in it - not only battles , but politics , religous conflict , witch hunts , plague , ect . 
  * i think ac will stay in 19th-century europe . 
  i believe mid-19th century russia ( either st. petersburg or moscow ) might be a nice continuation of unity and syndicate generation . 
  * now where i want series to go is another question . 
  i 'm not that interested in asian setting , however something exotic and never seen before like singapore can be quite fascinating . 
  same goes with ancient times - ac belongs to middle ages and renaissance with settings all across the mediterranean . 
  thirty years ' war would 've been great as an epic saga ( like ezio trilogy ) . 
  athens , seville , izmir , cairo , hamburg , munich , vienna ... list can go on and on . 
  have a look at [ segovia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/vista-aerea-general-de-segovia.jpg ) and then tell me you would n't want to climb atop the cathedral . 
  heck , you can even see all the syncronization towers . 
  maybe animus translates only data , but leaves pronunciations ( because they are essential to setting and time period just like weather and locations around ) and different language with original pronunciation leads to accents . 
  speaking of gimmicks , at first , let 's look back :, 
  * ac3 - hunting/crafting, 
  * acu - skills/customization, 
  * acs - multiple protagonists, 
  you can see that most of these gimmicks were already introduced to some part in previous games , but were revamped to become main features of later games . 
  now , to my suggestion - the brotherhood . 
  kinda like the old one , but taken on a completely different level . 
  take mupltiple characters from acs , mix it with skills in acu , spice it with a little bit of acb , and there you are . 
  the brotherhood in the area in destroyed by ruthless templars ' attack . 
  the only few ( 4-6 ) assassins left are your characters - * the brotherhood * . 
  you can use any of them at any time . 
  every character has skills - some are the same for everyone , others are unique for a character . 
  all of them take part in main story , so that will let you experience it from different perspectives , but besides story you 'll have contracts ( assassinations , thefts , sabotage , etc. ) . 
  these contracts give you points to upgrade characters , and than will let you get bigger and harder contracts . 
  young and brash protagonists ? 
  check . 
  plot based on revenge ? 
  check . 
  rebuilding hq ? 
  check . 
  tons of different missions and challenges icons wasting minimap ? 
  check . 
  personality disorder for main character in animus ? 
  check . 
  edit : words, 
  6:35 eagle 's feather !, 
  evie is indeed a true assassin !, 
  couple of years ago i saw ac franchise deal on steam and got like all the titles from ac1 to ac3 just because . 
  then , a couple of months later i started with ac1 . 
  it was fresh and interesting , but gameplay felt clunky . 
  and then it was ac2 . 
  it caught my interest since first seconds of main theme , and then just kept delivering . 
  graphics , story , setting , gameplay mechanics and with every chapter game opened me more and more things to enjoy . 
  hidden tombs !, 
  and it still kept delivering . 
  venice carnival !, 
  but it was n't the end of ac2 , i guess it was somewhere around venice carnival when i fell in love with this game . 
  after ac2 i played through brotherhood in couple days . 
  then passed on revelations because saw lots of reviews saying it was a step in wrong direction . 
  and then just could not go through haytam sequence in ac3 . 
  by the time ac4 came out i decided to catch up on the series , managed through haytam part and quite enjoyed the rest of ac3 . 
  and then black flag came out which was so good it made me reinstall ac2 , and finally try revelations ( which was very enjoyable ) . 
   we ca n't have the protagonists facing off against the russians or chinese, 
  every second action b-movie from recent years would disagree with you . 
  funny thing is , a couple months ago a popular russian e-library was banned for sharing `` copyrighted '' translation of farherheit 451 . 
  [ google translate link ] ( https://translate.google.ru/translate?sl=ru&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=ru&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fgeektimes.ru%2fpost%2f252682%2f&amp;edit-text= ), 
  and i 'm still waiting for marvel to build stark/avengers tower in nyc . 
  i 'd go with piazza san marco in venice . 
  i even had a deva ju when i visited venice after ac2 . 
  hagia sophia and colosseum are also ones of my favourites . 
  it is n't a curse word but i always laugh my ass off when rosa calls ezio smagriasso ( show-off ), 
  dude , i was just about to write a post about same thing - next game has to be set in imperial russia . 
  however i ca n't agree with time and location . 
  first , st. petersburg was the capital of russian empire in xix and early xx century . 
  sure , moscow was its `` spiritual '' center , but most important events happened in st. petersburg . 
  second , i still think early xx century is already too close to modern days . 
  hell , it is less than a century ago !, 
  but !, 
  there are two periods in xix century that could make the most sense in ac story :, 
  * 1820-1830s - great flood in st. petersburg , ( mysterious ) death of alexander i ( he was also very invested in spiritual stuff in his last years , look it up ) , decemberists revolt , cholera epidemy , fire in the winter palace . 
  also , set right in between unity and syndicate it can tie in both games just like rogue . 
  * 1870-1880s - most notable is assassination of alexander ii , but also lots of terrorist organisations and other interesting assassinations . 
  last one make even more sense , because this time period will offer everything ac is based upon :, 
  * you can meet world famous russians like tolstoy , dostoevsky , chekhov , mendeleev , faberge etc. 
  * st. petersburg is perfect for black box missions because it features lots of palace ensembles that will easily fit this kind of gameplay . 
  * just like versailles and crawley a game set in russia can use tzarskoe selo of peterhoff or kronstadt . 
  * set after syndicate it makes sense to have rope launcher in game, 
  * visually it will be a combination of exquisite paris architecture with a touch of industrial revolution london . 
  with less trains but much more ships ( ac4 anyone ? ), 
  ubi already have a 70 years gap between unity and syndicate , with another 20 years for syndicate dlc , so i see no problem jumping from 1868 to 1917 . 
  `` sanitary inspector !,
