  serious question : why would we ? 
  magnetic poles , also known as stormlands . 
  planet has a very powerful geomagnetic field which turns off all the electronics and gives terrible headache while landing even on middle latitudes , but stormlands are even more dangerous . 
  lightnings everywhere , sky is shining in all kinds of colours , powerful winds and instant temperature changes . 
  closer to the poles influence on organics and electronics is almost unpredictable . 
  ground itself is shaking ready to unleash energy from the core , and when it happens ... well , nobody and nothing lived throught that to describe it . 
  even the brightest minds of current age ca n't explain all the aspects of that anomaly . 
  is it supposed to look like a planet or a group of islands ? 
  cause is looks like, 
  [ deer isle ] ( https://www.google.ru/maps/place/@44.2163719,-68.6209182,12z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x4cae83ad5341b319:0x86e980589e582d8c ) i personally like it , a litle too much small islands but i guess it is plausible , with lots of naval action . 
  nfs porsche unleashed . 
  written and directed by shane black, 
  kinda same here , preordered witcher 3 for $ 20 on steam . 
  have n't read any books or played previous games ( even though have them since last steam sale ) , pc wo n't run it and still want to buy it with ps4 . 
  is it really the thing in italy ? 
  i mean russia does n't have a massive f1 fanbase especially after petrov was kicked out and kvyat is not yet that famous , but there are free and official hd live streams ( without ads ) of every free practice and race for like 2 or 3 years now . 
  banner goes full hulk and strange says `` sorry , i 'm not that kind of doctor '' . 
  rpg set on knowhere . 
  like that cancelled prey sequel , but with raccoons and walking trees and stuff . 
  creating your own hero with our own set of powers , travelling across the galaxy in search for artifacts , meeting old friends and enemies . 
  it looks ridiculously similar to unity . 
  just like acii with brotherhood/revelations and aciii with black flag/rogue . 
  so we had an ezio trilogy and american trilogy . 
  now unity and victory could be a parts of european trilogy . 
  after london i would love to see an assassin 's creed set in st. petersburg in time of napoleonic wars . 
  [ 7:37 ] ( http://youtu.be/rxomo8esflc?t=7m37s ) - need for speed does this . 
  completely different concepts of games under the same title - from arcades like underground and nitro to pretty realistic simulations in porsche unleashed and shift , to something in between with prostreet and original tnfs . 
  every single game has different set of modes , different story approach ( if any ) different kind of multiplayer , different everything . 
  maybe it 's just a short documentary about their successful partnership, 
  ubi can certainly pull an ezio thing there , if syndicate becomes a huge hit . 
  given that , i doubt we will see london returning for another game - except new york i do n't recall any city appearing in two games . 
  also it would be kinda lame to build another standalone game set in the same city just 20 years later - after all it will be same city with only a few differences , same engine , same tools and mechanics . 
  new story ? 
  is it really worth $ 60 ? 
  it begs to become a dlc , and a very good one , with a few more places to explore , maybe a new top hat . 
  i just want series to return back to its roots . 
  actual templars ( not random evil guys with catchy name ) , religious conflict , bigger focus on stealth and social stealth . 
  series is hitting its 10th anniversary - maybe it is time to step away from young , reckless rebels protagonists , turn things around and make a player an older master assassin , facing new ( young and reckless ) generation of templars . 
  also , i 'm not that big of firearms and would prefer to stick to swords and arrows . 
  speaking of setting , i would love to go to spain . 
  is n't upcoming ac movie also set in spain in xv-xvi century ( according to some rumors ) ? 
  it would be interesting to see a game set a few centuries before movie , make some little connections here and there . 
  maybe even step away from huge cities , but make small towns in their actual lifesize scale . 
  from the top of my head - segovia , santiago and salamanca - gorgeous locations with great stories to be explored . 
  in ac4 , you can notice that animus interface is similar to the one used in ac1 ( for example - health bar ) . 
  animus interface in ac2 & 3 was upgraded by rebecca , but in ac4 it is again all done by abstergo . 
  i 'm up for anything at this point as long as they do n't fuck it up . 
  it was just painful to see my favorite game franchise failing again and again . 
  i just want them to make a good acrade racing game . 
  and they thought college of winterhold caused the great collapse . 
  but now we know ... 
  ** era of palace revolutions in russia ** . 
  hell , you can even make a full blown trilogy outta this time period , just like ezio trilogy . 
  start with the death of catherine i , through short reign of peter ii , and finish it at first years of anna and beggining of age of biron . 
  dark age , with the death of anne , baby emperor ivan vi , and and 1741 coup with elizabeth coming in power . 
  background to seven years ' war , establishing of moscow university , short reign of peter iii with his assassination in the end and beginning of age of catherine the great . 
  the coolest thing is you can have both moscow - an old spiritual center of russian empire , and live through the construction of brand new st. petersburg . 
  otherwise , there 's another interesting time period , that might be even better fit for next assassin 's creed game - 1824-1831 ( right between unity and syndicate ) , now completely set in st. petersburg and its outskirts . 
  most of landmarks are already finished ( the only major exception is saint isaac 's cathedral , but it was already in construction ) . 
  starting with the great flood in 1824 , through the ( mysterious ) death of alexander i , decembrists uprising , reign of nicholas i and cholera riots . 
  i 'll repost myself from couple hours ago - saint petersburg , 1824-1831 ( right between unity and syndicate ) . 
  starting with the great flood in 1824 , through the ( mysterious ) death of alexander i , decembrists uprising , reign of nicholas i and cholera riots . 
  most of landmarks are already finished ( the only major exception is saint isaac 's cathedral , but it was already in construction ) . 
  was it ? 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  i had high hopes for it , especally after rogue , where you can rebuild half of new york but ca n't realy add anything to templars hq . 
  just for comparison : [ paris 1789 ] ( http://www.mappery.com/maps/paris-historical-map.mediumthumb.jpg ) and [ paris 1896 ] ( https://img0.etsystatic.com/000/0/6132368/il_fullxfull.256649864.jpg ), 
  origin-uplay combination must be a hell of a nightmare, 
  you should go with rogue at first , it would be a perfect transaction both to aciii and unity . 
  also , you have a chance to experience an american saga in a continuous story ( bf-rogue-iii ) . 
  personally , i ca n't see how roleplaying can work hand in hand with replaying someone 's memories - one gives you a freedom of choice and another makes you an interactive spectator of the events around you . 
  however , gta approach can work , if ubi can make their version of gta online , with the same setting as in storymode , but let you create our own character and do your own missions . 
  but this is a completely another story . 
  ( i 'm still waiting for a that pirate game from abstergo entertainment , what was it called , devils of caribbean ? 
  sure they can implement character creation with some rpg elements in it . ), 
  but do we really need to terraform venus if we can colonize its atmosphere ? 
  30 miles above the surface of venus temperature is similar to earth , so is atmospheric pressure . 
  sure , there are some troubles like acid in the atmosphere and strong storms in its upper levels , but those problems are much easier to overcome than terraforming the whole planet . 
  and i believe is possible to a certain degree with existing technologies . 
  it all depends on the size of the colony . 
  if cloud colonies prove to be effective then soon enough we will see cloud cities . 
  and who knows , when the amount of colonists will reach critical numbers then we can start terraforming venus . 
  if we will need it . 
  personally , i do n't believe we should adapt planets for our needs , but we should adapt ourselves and our technologies and our way of life to live in diverse conditions . 
  after all , that 's what mankind have been doing on earth for centuries . 
  imagine , if we could finally live in venus atmosphere , that would mean we wo n't need to look only for earth analogs , we could also look for venus analogs and that opens more possibilities for colonizing other places . 
  i 've been to florence last november , one of my best experiences from that trip to italy . 
  the common route would be :, 
  * duomo ( you can walk up to the top of the dome or campanile for couple euros , but i did not have time to try it myself ), 
  * loggia del porcellino ( ingame market was actually based on this one , even though it was n't even build yet ; also , do n't forget about porcellino ), 
  * piazza della singoria ( with palazzo vecchio , i believe you can also walk inside it , but i 'm not sure ), 
  * palazzo pitti ( i really enjoyed its art gallery ) . 
  but if you want to see the classic view of florence ( [ like this one ] ( http://i.huffpost.com/gen/1532821/images/o-florence-facebook.jpg ) ) you should go to piazzale michelangelo . 
  it is quite a long stroll from historic center ( around 20 minutes ) and up on the hill , but the view is unforgettable . 
  personally , i liked piazza di santa croce , it is away from main tourist route and there are slightly less people there . 
  ac logic : you ca n't explore father 's memories ( because dna , animus , yada-yada . . ) , then just kill him off . 
  yay for [ trevor slattery ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/ironman/images/f/fa/portal-mandarin-im3.jpg ) as al mualim, 
  evie , just because of her stealth approach . 
  honestly , i 'm not a fan of all those gang wars and fist fights . 
  assassins should make just one lethal hit and dissapear in a crowd , not throw enemies like batman and run throught london on carriages causing chaos on the streets .
