  of course we could gain more from cooperating , but alas . 
  not at all , my posts were constructive and on topic before someone crawled from under the bridge to side track . 
  two of you now , it 's spreading !, 
  nah they were just expressing their genuine desires . 
  there 's a german guy as well , he does it repeatedly too , quite a funny fella . 
  xenu or something . 
  i think they 're more concerned with enemy assets being placed in romania , but who knows , they could be petty as well . 
  yeah , it 's all a great shame , russian is a pretty cool language . 
  we all have history , were n't you guys allied with hitler btw ? 
  racism can be as simple as singling out one nationality , case in point `` i wo n't shoot anyone , but maybe i 'll shoot russians . '', 
  my comment applies to you as well in that case . 
  low effort , useless , waste of digital space , as are my replies to such . 
  hmmm i 'll try note one when / if i see it next . 
  replied to another comment of yours re racism / xeno . 
  i dunno if people hate russian people or not , but they sure make a lot of racist / xenophobic comments about us . 
  that 's ok , we 're in a much stronger position than we were even back in 1945 when we won in the end anyway . 
  we collapse when we have internal problems , they seem to be managed atm , so all good . 
  besides , did we or did we not just elect your president , oh great hegemon , 
  they 're pretty much synonyms nowadays , for example un definition of racial discrimination includes ethnicity , nationality etc. 
  colloquial usage most certainly agrees too . 
  well , i am the victim though , i do n't really have any inborn baggage from what my country may or may not have done in the past , i 'm saying , here today someone makes a racist / xenophobic remark about my nationality , and let 's pretend i get upset by it as many people would . 
  i did nothing to deserve being casually insulted like that , i can claim victim all i like . 
  xcom like alien game ? 
  terror from the deep !, 
  it 's not shameful to fight against ussr , but it 's shameful to fight together with nazi germany . 
  like , poles fought against ussr without volunteering for hitler , i guess putting aside the fact that they already got invaded by hitler , that could be one way to do it right . 
  besides , baltics would have been half exterminated by nazis as per the plan , and probably fully exterminated knowing how nazi plans developed over time , there 's definitely something to be grateful about to ussr , saving you guys from that fate . 
  you can be both grateful for being saved and angry for being oppressed , it 's not either or . 
  i do n't like the revolution and communism , for example , but i admit that ussr also had some great things about it too . 
  yeah , well , it 's not really gon na change unless one side stops responding . 
  i wish russia would just ignore all the dirt thrown at it from the baltics , maybe eventually you guys would get bored of it . 
  childish from both sides really . 
  anyway , time should do the trick . 
  we call them white walkers . 
  the comments are usually about combining eu armies and `` teaching russia a lesson '' or whatever , i did n't mean someone wants estonia to go 1 on 1 with russia lol . 
  he would n't fight normally , but against russia , he would , because there 's something about russia , ashamedly a desire to kill russians . 
  singling out a nation is textbook definition of racism . 
  russia has the best aa systems in the world , capability to build them is there . 
  there are too many nukes for anyone to build a shield against though . 
  the problem is us is planting their anti nuke defences on our doorstep , which skews the balance . 
  recall when ussr tried placing nukes in cuba in response to usa placing them in turkey , usa was ready to start a war to prevent it . 
  it 's how mad works , you ca n't allow either country approach first strike capability . 
  the systems do n't protect europe anyway , they only protect us . 
  the bad guy is the one who tries achieving first strike capability , it 's simple . 
  [ ww2 , germany either controlled or was allied with almost entire europe , all that force thrown against ussr . 
  i highly doubt iran is even a consideration for us in installing these defences . 
  it 's a creep towards first strike capability against russia , imho . 
  oh come on , as if you have n't seen them , they pop up from time to time . 
  please go away unless you have something constructive to say , it 's mildly annoying . 
  i think anyone who starts a civil war is destroying the country , no matter their ideas . 
  revolutions can only be justified for a select few countries , probably some african countries ran by warlords where people get slaughtered en masse already . 
  lol still not sure if trolling or just unfortunate . 
  you can be racist to a nationality , not just race . 
  i 've seen plenty of posts on this sub even , made by baltic people , calling for war with russia , so perhaps that person had a reason to wonder . 
  not that this has anything to do with my comment , if we return to that , then russians do n't hate baltic people either , and know little about them too , although i 'd say a bit more than they do about romanians considering ussr history . 
  well , if they are fighting to bring my country down , then yeah , not much difference there . 
  civil wars do have that additional layer of psychological horror to them though , i know what you mean . 
  i 'm talking about a real war though , like when guns are used . 
  fall of ussr did n't really have much to do with the cold war either though , there were internal causes for it . 
  hang on , let 's not make it a global issue . 
  you said that romania is not a threat to russia because they do n't even share a border . 
  someone politely pointed out that the shield is being installed on the pretence of defending from iran , but iran also does n't share a border with romania . 
  this suggests that the border argument is no good . 
  that 's all that transpired here , no need to call whataboutism in response to a perfectly logical statement . 
  no people is inherently good or evil , people are people , and people are the same everywhere . 
  not sure if you are joking , but that 's the kind of thinking that leads to true evil , it 's a very dangerous idea . 
  i 've seen this comment posted sincerely a lot . 
  poe 's law at it 's best !, 
  no , do n't get me wrong , i do n't think that you guys are nazis , i just do n't understand why these old men who fought for germany parade instead of being ashamed of their past . 
  it has nothing to do with soviet mistreatment of latvia , they are two separate issues . 
  you can commemorate something without putting on a show for something else . 
  a parade for remembrance of victims instead of a parade for remembrance of soldiers who fought for the germans seems more appropriate . 
  i think you hit the nail on the head though , it 's a theory i 've had for a while . 
  modern russians do n't have any ill feeling towards modern germans , for example , despite how bad they wronged us , perhaps it 's because we served justice on them and moved on . 
  you guys never got back at us and it 's causing issues for some deep down , same with some polish people . 
  damaged pride , or something . 
  but it 's not productive , it will never be resolved , best let bygones be bygones . 
  i mean , maybe we 'd feel the same way if we never defeated germany , who knows . 
  anyway , i ca n't say i have a problem with any nation or race really , or even a government , i focus more on individuals . 
  every country has something to offer to the world , speaking of which , i always have a tin of riga sprats lying around , you know those black label tins with gold writing ? 
  grew up on the stuff , a must on a celebration dinner table . 
  yep , you really do n't understand the concept , sadly . 
  lol this is like a normal comment around here . 
  probably something about your racist views , rather . 
  i 'd fight for my country against anyone , for example , i would n't discriminate . 
  all that european gun pointing did n't work out too well last time though , 
  you 're confusing cause and effect . 
  reporting this statement , which is made probably on a weekly basis whenever it 's brought up is probably trying to piggy back on some of that romanian news coverage . 
  if romania was n't in the spotlight , no one would even bother reporting this . 
  i do n't understand why people use the silly term of whataboutism so freely , pointing out hypocrisy is a valid argument . 
  i 'd imagine it has more to do with slowly creeping towards achieving first strike capability . 
  russians do n't hate romanians , most russians do n't even know much about romanians . 
  every controversial topic will mostly be covered by articles full of half truths and exaggerations , sad state of affairs . 
  they 're scams lol . 
  but are those the uniforms which latvian army had pre ww2 or were they the ones used during ww2 ? 
  i mean , i 'm sure some of them were n't nazis , but why keep the uniforms ? 
  that 's probably saying something about the people there rather than `` our kind '' . 
  i see a lot of pro russian hungarians on the internet too though , so obviously not everyone is a racist simpleton . 
  nah , it was 9th may moscow time , different timezone . 
  you can celebrate on 8th of may if that 's more appropriate .
