  russia enforced the peace , as was its duty . 
  [ it 's an inconvenient truth that georgia started this war . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wbpbdw2wxpc ), 
  how to lose a war and 2 citizenships in 9 years . 
  it 's only services that are disrupted though , like credit cards , paypal etc. 
  but russian banks provide their payment options . 
  you can still get any western good you want in crimea , it 's not like they have a deficit of coca cola and mars bars . 
  mcdonald 's closed though , that 's a shame , but their loss too i guess . 
  russia substitutes anything lost with domestic product , electricity is more or less solved now as i understand . 
  it 's certainly far from the shitshow 90s anarchy state that ukraine has descended into . 
  i 'm waiting a few years until they build up infrastructure and holiday sector in crimea to russian levels , then i 'm planning a holiday . 
  might even drive there over the kerch bridge if that 's completed in time , spectacular views there . 
  crimea is fine though , crimea is russia and it 's life as normal . 
  bullshit , 10 years ago it was already nothing like this , and now moscow is a lot more fun to live in than london , for example . 
  and i love london . 
  lol feel the burn son !, 
  i was a kid in the 90s russia , best time ever . 
  it was tougher for adults though . 
  they 'd have to cross from ukrainian side , and they let transport in at a very slow pace and the crossing is patrolled by neo nazis and other weirdos . 
  you can too . 
  pentagon of evil . 
   is n't poland one of the countries , if not the country , in europe that has the smallest jewish population ? 
  yeah , there may have been a related historical event . 
  russia / turkey / poland / uk evil alliance when ? 
  this is awesome !, 
  good to see people protesting in cosplay !, 
  yeah but russia is not putting russian troops on usa 's borders , while they are . 
  i do n't think anyone has a problem with lithuanian troops on lithuanian soil . 
  being ? 
  we really do n't . 
  i discovered that pribalts hate russia a few years ago when i joined reddit . 
  before that i knew that latvia makes tasty sprats . 
  what ? 
  incident ? 
  georgia launched an invasion of south ossetia , which included shelling it , sending it 's forces into south ossetian territory and killing russian peacekeepers stationed there . 
  quite an escalation compared to the usual small exchanged of fire . 
  georgia 's attack was an attempt to conquer south ossetia , not an `` incident '' . 
  luckily russia responded in time and put a stop to georgia 's aggression . 
  the good guys won . 
  kaliningrad is russia though , usa 's `` ally countries '' are not usa . 
  so you admit that georgia started the war . 
  good . 
  georgian war was started by georgia . 
  you should like him actually , he attracts the sort of people to vote for him who would have otherwise voted for a person who is serious about saying things like that . 
  there 's no problem with that . 
  the problem is us troops on our borders , far away from their homeland . 
  nope : https://www.reddit.com/r/russia/comments/5x2hov/%d0%be%d0%bd_%d0%b2%d0%b0%d0%bc_%d0%bd%d0%b5_%d0%b4%d0%b8%d0%bc%d0%be%d0%bd/, 
  lol . 
  lol just go to worldnews , every day there 's like a bunch of topics about russia . 
  go on guardian or bbc , almost every day one of the top headlines is about russia . 
  i 'd imagine cnn is similar too . 
  we are celebrities !, 
  i 'll be honest with you , and this is representative of probably like over 90 % of russians . 
  the only thing they know about latvia is that it makes sprats . 
  the ones in a tin with a black label and gold writing . 
  i quite like them myself and probably have a tin every month or two . 
  the first time i discovered that latvians hate us was a few years ago when i joined reddit . 
  same goes for polish people actually . 
  lol crucified boy is like the only thing people can come up with and that was years ago . 
  maybe kim can have a burger , but in russia , anyone can , 
  i really doubt that , russian media is largely focused on russia , but even when it does talk about the west , it talks about many countries , does n't just focus on one like western media . 
   they do n't even have a good aircraft carrier . 
  fuck , how will we ever reach europe without an aircraft carrier :(, 
  well , even with this low spending , russia is not invading , so i guess increasing it will not benefit any more ? 
  unless the goal is to use it in offensive capabilities of course . 
  lol whatever makes you feel better . 
  if giving up land and going to your opponent 's country to sign a peace agreement before your defence completely collapses is winning , sure finns won  finland 's plan was to hold off long enough for help to arrive , when they realised no one is coming to help them they agreed to ussr 's terms and ended the war . 
  only to stab ussr in the back and join up with hitler , but they lost that war as well , 
  yeah , but we can work for profit and run businesses , we can eat fois gras in nice restaurants or a big mac from the old mcdonalds , we can enjoy a nice cognac from france or a tasty german beer , we can travel the world and watch movies and shows from across the globe , we can read any books we like and our internet is practically uncensored except for silly decisions with porn websites etc. 
  i 'd say there 's a bit of difference really . 
  funnily enough the vast majority of russians , because they do n't read western msm , have a pretty positive view of europeans and americans . 
  then when they start getting exposed to it they start thinking that westerners are either proudly racist or just simple minded for believing the rubbish their news tells them . 
  and before that it was russian empire , and russian tsardom and moscow dutchy and before that , rus with kiev and novgorod . 
  well , we can only rely on history , such as gorbachev introducing reforms which had the effect of easing off the restrictions of ussr , if only he managed the process better , it is very much a possibility . 
  if you are happier with terrorists blowing up civilians and flying planes into buildings than russia censoring the internet like china , that 's your choice . 
  just a shame that we also have to clean up your mess in syria and that countless countries have been destroyed by the beast that you helped create . 
  you know well enough that we are known as `` russkie '' as an ethnic group . 
  i am `` russkiy '' , i have russian , ukrainian and belarus ancestry . 
  i have friends who are ethnic koreans , for example , but they were born in russia , in the same city as me , and they call themselves `` russkie '' , and no one has a problem with that . 
  the term `` rossiyane '' sounds a bit bs to me tbh , it may have something to do with political correctness for people who live in russia but identify as a non russian ethnic group . 
  i also do n't have a problem with anyone calling themselves that . 
  i can refer to myself as `` russkiy '' meaning both my ethnicity and my nationality / statehood . 
  i have no problem with ukrainians or belaruses referring to themselves as `` russkie '' because of our shared ancestry in old rus , just as i do n't have a problem with them referring to themselves by their more modern identifiers such as ukrainian and belarus . 
  why did you guys support a revolution spearheaded by ultranationalists who hate russians and happily jump up and down chanting '' \u041c\u043e\u0441\u043a\u0430\u043b\u044f\u043a\u0443 \u043d\u0430 \u0433\u0438\u043b\u044f\u043a\u0443 '' ? 
  dutchy of moscow is the successor to rus , not golden horde . 
  it is a state of rus which became the dominant one and united all the other states under it 's rule . 
  it defeated the golden horde , taking back some territories and conquering others , expanding east . 
  i am aware you are trolling , of course . 
  kiev is a capital city of the predecessor state to the russian federation . 
  parasiting ? 
  modern russians came from the areas around there , including kiev , it is our ancestry  it was the capital of rus for a while there . 
  no , most likely by slavs . 
  but the viking progeny of rurik did move the capital of rus to kiev from novgorod , so that 's the viking connection . 
  congratulations kiev , quite a bit of history there . 
  it 's ok . take lvov back as well while you 're at it !, 
  i guess we will never know which one has more lasting consequences . 
  for example , ussr does n't exist , and if it continued , it would have likely eased up and become like china 's brand of `` communism '' . 
  on the other hand , concerts around europe are being shot up / blown up to this day , and it does n't seem to be getting better . 
  we do , man , 80-90 % of us support the president , that 's most than in most countries , and without any bs like electoral colleges etc. 
  if anything , we are the most democratically represented country in the world .
