  still a good day !, 
  like these ? 
  that 's fine , and that 's the way it should be commemorated . 
  but why are there people literally wearing the uniforms of the nazi battalions at these parades ? 
  bit weird . 
  how is victory day insulting to latvia ? 
  it 's the day nazi germany surrendered and the biggest war in europe ended , it 's a glorious holiday for the whole world . 
  it has nothing to do with latvia . 
  lol was that meant as an insult ? 
  i am a mod of a sub about my country , what does that have to do with the subject at hand ? 
  or is it the old ad hominem attack of a person who lacks intelligence or knowledge to actually address a valid argument ? 
  i suggest you just bite your tongue next time , at least you wo n't embarrass yourself . 
  on the contrary , i just make valid pro russian comments , a rare beacon of light in the russophobic darkness of reddit lol . 
  well , stalin was nowhere near as bad as hitler , obviously , but he is not a russian national hero , no . 
  he is condemned by the current government and seen in a mostly negative light by the majority of russian people . 
  the martial arts group in kharkov was zhilin 's , the oplot in donetsk which formed into a battalion was led by zakharchenko . 
  russia simply reacted to the war when ukraine started it , obviously we did n't want it to happen , but you allowed criminal 90s oligarchs take over your country so there you are . 
  i wonder if you will still oppose what 's about to happen to the situation in your country or if you will change your tune as soon as porosh tv tells you how to think . 
  in the end , ukraine will be left without crimea , with autonomous donbas , with a standard of life similar to the 90s and no prospects for the near future . 
  enjoy !, 
  lol i doubt that , but i 'd probably have a good laugh at the salty facial expressions . 
  i was under the impression that you ca n't wear it outside , maybe i 'm wrong . 
  there 's nothing wrong in celebrating soviet victory though , it saved the world . 
  you can celebrate a lot of things , you can commemorate victims of stalin 's repressions , but it 's not right to celebrate soldiers who fought for germany in ww2 . 
  just not right . 
  i think zakharchenko was the leader , zhilin joined later on , but he was high up as well . 
  i tried dude , i tried . 
  and you could n't even reach that , fucking hell ... 
  because russia and those in charge in dnr / lnr want to establish peace and gain autonomy/federalisation for donbas . 
  givi , and motorola are old school rebels who just want to keep on fighting . 
  a difference in strategic outlook i guess . 
  what 's the point of your low effort comment ? 
  azov was defeated at ilovaisk and `` cyborgs '' is the name ukrainian media gave to those soldiers killed / captured at the airport . 
  givi was present in both battles . 
  right sector were literally filmed loading rifles into their cars and driving off after the shootings . 
  be realistic , most if not all people shot at maidan were shot by the revolutionaries . 
   free speech rights and rights of free assembly can i wear a cccp shirt with hammer and sickle publicly in latvia ? 
  would you support a change of law to allow people to practice this element of freedom ? 
  come on dude , if they were forced to join the nazi army , they would have taken their uniform off in shame and burnt it as soon as practically possible . 
  they sure would n't hold parades , proud of their service to hitler . 
  those parades are a shameful thing . 
  except for givi did not take a part in genocide , but do n't let that small fact stop you . 
  anyway , he was fighting for the good guys and he was pretty charismatic , what 's not to like , 
  they got encircled . 
  they were n't all that competent to begin with , combine that with lack of proper leadership and your president publicly denying there 's an encirclement , enough was enough , most ran for it . 
  that 's what we were doing all while western media was peddling fake news about us time and time again , eventually we had enough and our media turned against the west as well . 
  you sure make a lot of allegations about givi based solely on your own imagination . 
  to counter your imagination , there are real life facts like givi defeating ukrainian military and nazi battalions in illovaisk and defeating `` cyborgs '' in the airport . 
  shmel according to rumours . 
  ideals of euromaidan like making bandera a national hero ? 
  are you sure you are polish ? 
  depends where you go , russia gets it from the same sources that you get it from in the end . 
  there was no mental gymnastics though , the girl said she was abducted and raped and that 's what the news carried . 
  the police shed precious little light until it all made the news so people assumed there was a cover up . 
  iirc they recorded a video on youtube where givi asks zhirik for a couple of nivas if he wants to help , and zhirik obliged . 
  lol it 's ok , i understand how harsh lack of vitamins can be . 
  so you 're saying there 's a chance ... 
  zakharchenko was the leader of oplot battalion before that , hardly someone `` no one heard of '' . 
  a lot of countries have statutory rape though , and even though it seems she was n't raped as she alleged , she did have sex with an adult . 
  i know germany does n't have statutory rape , but sex with minors is still illegal . 
  the whole reason for un was to have these countries on the security council though . 
  do n't tell them , their iq decreases with each post , which amuses me . 
  bit late to say rip to rommel , not that i would have even said it back then if i was around . 
  in any case , apart from some silly attempts to rehabilitate him , rommel is generally not very well remembered by anyone , that whole stigma which comes with nazism . 
  givi does n't have that stigma , ironically , he fought against nazism in modern form , and he will be remembered in a positive light by millions of people . 
  on the grand scheme of things , he will not be an important historical personality , but he is a legend of this war . 
  no , rommel would have been a lot more skilled , he was a professional soldier after all . 
  givi is a hero to a lot of ukrainians , but even if he was n't , or if he wa n't a hero , he 'd still be ukrainian , so if he is indeed a hero , he is a ukrainian hero . 
  rommel was a piece of shit nazi , not nearly as bad as some others , but still . 
  he was an able commander , with some small to medium sized victories . 
  in the end , he failed , and his side failed after him . 
  genghis khan is a legendary figure indeed , comparing rommel to him is laughable really . 
  he was not a russian hero , as he was ukrainian . 
  i 'd prefer to avoid war if i can . 
  not like there 's going to be much action going forward anyway , things are falling into place for federalisation i guess . 
  he would have been blown up by by other seps , ukrainians just like him . 
  it 's sad , considering how many nazi battalion members this guy gloriously offed , he was not even allowed to die in battle . 
  alas , he is one man , the rebellion lives on . 
   are too crazy/radical most likely this . 
  he was on the front line with his men , participated in very successful battles , the man had no fear . 
  most likely an urban legend . 
  rip , the guy was a true warrior . 
  really mixed feelings about this , i 'm guessing there was no convincing him , but still , killing a legend like that is going too far . 
  crimean people wanted to return to russia . 
  not sure what your question about georgia is , russia stopped georgian aggression in that war , russia restored peace . 
  many russians , even more russian speakers . 
  yeah , actually there were some banking issues as well , but do they affect the major russian banks ? 
  they seem to be trading with western banks without issues . 
  ukraine has not had a dictator in charge since 1991 , you can argue poroshenko is consolidating power , but even he probably does n't fit the definition of a dictator . 
  for russians it 's more of to not be called names and to live in peace . 
  that 's the opinion of most of russian people though . 
  we all miss the welfare state where everyone loved each other and was working together towards a brighter future , but we also realise that the methods used by ussr leaders were often downright retarded and oppressive . 
  he was elected by ukrainian people . 
  he was very unpopular towards the end of his term , even pro russian people were disappointed with him . 
  that 's why maidan was so stupid , yanukovich was gon na lose the next election by far and it would have just been another time that ukraine elects another pro eu leader like they did before . 
  poland is mainly populated by polish people though . 
  ukraine is very different . 
  was n't it pretty much sold to a quatar company ? 
  what sanctions did us impose on us , apart from banning government officials from travel ? 
  iirc , it was something about resource extracting machinery et al ?
