  the law is the same for everyone , unless we decide it 's not . 
  i heard putin had trillions !, 
  who had a heart attack that putin did n't like ? 
  because most politicians probably do n't hold any serious political values and only care about themselves . 
  there has n't been any annexation , they are independent states in our protection . 
   georgia ? 
  lol what ? 
  i just want to walk up the alley between these 2 buildings . 
  literally , `` from the soul '' , but yeah , same meaning . 
  you pretty much did . 
  holocaust was a genocide of jews , there was also a genocide of gypsies and slavs , your point does n't even make sense . 
  hitler killed people because of their genetic make up , that 's what genocide means . 
  stalin never did that , so you ca n't call his murders genocide . 
  well , made the worse choice in the end . 
  i 'm just saying that 's what happened , i do n't really let it affect my perception of modern romanians , it 's all history . 
  i do n't see anyone in this thread defending soviet crimes . 
  glad you agree with me , 
  likely a domestic selling point . 
  ussr was never allied with germany though . 
  even this non military definition is the opposite of ussr and germany 's relationship , which was clearly that of enemies , working against each other , opposite and contradicting interests . 
  you link stuff , but you do n't read it . 
  most of those said they respected him , which is not the same as saying they liked him , only 4 % said they admired him and 10 % said they had sympathy towards him . 
  to respect someone you do n't have to like him or have a positive view of him . 
  so only 14 % had a positive view . 
  yeah , i know the nuances more or less , i 'd definitely not suggest romania was on the same level of germany , but yeah , was allied without question . 
  just found it humorous that a romanian flair is scolding ussr for its pact with germany . 
  well , no , it does n't . 
  poland and germany both took parts of czechoslovakia , it does n't make them allies . 
  ussr was n't donating things to germany though , was it , it was n't help , it was trade for things which ussr needed for the forthcoming war . 
  and i am not sure what historical accuracy has to do with patriotism , i do not like the government of ussr during that time , neither do i like people fabricating bullshit about it . 
  i am for objectivity . 
  that 's even less likely , if there was any ill will for that , it would have been done sooner . 
  and it still does n't explain why south russia and kazakhstan were also hit hard by the famine . 
  i do n't think looking for a sinister motive is necessary when things can be explained by incompetence and indifference to the point of criminal negligence . 
  i still think stalin and those around him are responsible for the deaths , but it does not amount to genocide and was not intended as such . 
  any war save for defensive one is in violation of non aggression . 
  yet everyone carries on . 
  reunification of crimea , if it was at all a violation of a non aggression , was probably the smallest on the scale over the past few decades . 
  sanctions for something like that are in no way justified and their application proves that russia is singled out and discriminated against . 
  selective application of laws is a much greater threat to international law than anything that happened with crimea , so there 's that . 
  it does n't trigger me , i just do n't like words being misused , especially when it creates a false impression . 
  lol , yeah , germany was well known for planning something bad but then being a lot nicer when it came to performance  in all seriousness , the number would have likely approached 100 % in reality if hitler succeeded , he just could n't stop once he got going . 
  but keep thinking that you had a place in the sun near your aryan overlords . 
  you proved yourself wrong , that 's the best outcome for realising own 's mistake , 
  admitting that stalin was responsible for some positive developments is far from `` worshipping him '' . 
  most russians see him more negative than positive and the official position of the russian government is to condemn his crimes . 
  romania was actually allied with germany though . 
  no , without an alliance agreement , there 's no alliance . 
  they were n't working together either , there were two separate invasions , the agreement was just how far each side can go . 
  having fought a proxy war against each other in spain , germany and ussr knew that a war between them is inevitable so they signed this pact to delay it to prepare . 
  an alliance requires an alliance pact though , like that between germany and italy . 
  just because germany and poland both invaded czechoslovakia does n't make them allies . 
  legal according to what law ? 
  sanctions are measures of economic aggression , there 's no legal issue here . 
  if eu sanctions russia , russia will sanction eu , that 's how it works , tit for tat . 
  exactly , a lot of non ukrainians died during this famine , clearly not a genocide . 
  i do n't use that flair , not that there 's anything wrong with it . 
  so neither is genocide , what 's your point ? 
  what does a non aggression pact have to do with an alliance ? 
  why would i address it , it 's not an alliance pact . 
  if someone wrongly calls a cat a dog , the cat does not become a dog . 
  racism while discussing nazi germany , classy !, 
  i guess people do n't learn from history . 
  why not ? 
  eu imposes sanctions as an act of economic aggression , russia has every right to retaliate . 
  russian counter sanctions are justified by eu 's unjustified sanctions . 
  got ta love that badhistory , 
  history disagrees with you . 
  dunno how far he is but yeah he 's a nationalist . 
  2/3 not bad , 
  you are responsible for 30 % of comments in this topic , all of them virtually the same . 
  the least you could do to avoid looking foolish is to spend less than a minute of your time to familiarise yourself with the issue . 
  the guy spent about 1 year and 3 months in jail , not 2.5 as you thought . 
  now you want to reply sarcastically that russia is a true paradise as they only jail activists for 1 year and 3 months to draw attention away from the fact that you have minimal knowledge of the issue before commenting on it . 
  now you want to make a general statement about russia being oppressive and authoritarian because you ran out of arguments . 
  now you want to racially insult me . 
  feel free , 
  somewhat . 
  he was beaten in jail , which does n't look too good for the justice system . 
  love em both , but not on pizza . 
  she was right to have left . 
   `` the fascists of the future will be the anti-fascists . '' certainly rings true today , does n't it ? 
  you were saying ? 
  was n't there a post just the other day saying everything is fine in sweden ? 
  edit : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5us7y3/stop_thinking_sweden_is_getting_destroyed_by/, 
  one thing has happened in reality , the other may or may not happen . 
  and if it happens it may or may not be bad for global stability . 
  scale remains untipped . 
  mission accomplished :d, 
  highly unfortunate , and far from a tactful way to describe the event , but it does n't even tip the scale . 
  i disagree with many on whether assad is overall a good guy or a bad guy , but i think most admit that he is better than the alternative . 
  hyperbole , got it , 
  sorry for interjecting into the trump bashing , but your comment is curious to me . 
  on the balance of things , comparing the two , which country has trump invaded and destabilised , turning it into a terrorist state and spilling said problems into neighbouring countries ? 
  i know you may say `` give him time '' but your comment is judging the two today , so i 'm just at a loss as to what trump could have possibly done so far to even approach the amount of evil bush did ? 
  you are welcome !, 
  in today 's quiz , we are playing `` find a modern russian city among the following '' : `` the term `` pogrom '' became commonly used in english after a large-scale wave of anti-jewish riots swept through south-western imperial russia ( present-day ukraine and poland ) from 1881 to 1884 ( in that period over 200 anti-jewish events occurred in the russian empire , notably the kiev , warsaw and odessa pogroms ) . '', 
  `` this series of pogroms affected 64 towns ( including odessa , yekaterinoslav , kiev , kishinev , simferopol , romny , kremenchug , nikolayev , chernigov , kamenets-podolski , yelizavetgrad ) , and 626 small towns ( russian : \u0433\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0434\u043e\u043a ) and villages , mostly in ukraine and bessarabia . '', 
  the word invasion implies an element of unwelcomeness in day to day usage . 
  russia is not unwelcome in syria , it was invited by the government to fight the jihadists , and it is supported by majority of the people .
