  thanks for the warm welcome anyway . 
  so a grant total of 2 fakes by russian media compared to hundreds by ukrainian media . 
  now , that 's a war ukraine is winning . 
  thank god for shariy revealing the fakes of ukrainian media and government : https://www.youtube.com/user/supersharij/videos, 
  as i said , 4 million repressed ( 1 million of whom were killed ) , but let 's pretend they all died in camps . 
  and 3 million died in famines due to economic mismanagement , which is a figure admitted by ukraine before . 
  that means stalin 's regime is responsible for the deaths of ~ 7 million people . 
  that 's a conservative estimate , the real number is somewhere ~ 5 million . 
  if you think that famine stats need to be revised up , let 's add 3 million to that , which is being very conservative . 
  so 8 million . 
  i still do n't see that approach hitler or mao . 
  read your own article you quote . 
  despite numerous historical inaccuracies ( not surprising since it 's written neither by a historian nor a person who knows much about ussr ) , let 's look into it . 
  the number of 20 million is what the article suggests stalin was responsible for . 
  which is based on a 1989 article written by a georgian historian . 
  now this was before ussr archives were made public , so it 's really just a guesstimation with some facts to base it on . 
  `` medevedev 's grim bookkeeping included the following tragic episodes : 1 million imprisoned or exiled between 1927 to 1929 ; 9 to 11 million peasants forced off their lands and another 2 to 3 million peasants arrested or exiled in the mass collectivization program ; 6 to 7 million killed by an artificial famine in 1932-1934 ; 1 million exiled from moscow and leningrad in 1935 ; 1 million executed during the '' great terror '' of 1937-1938 ; 4 to 6 million dispatched to forced labor camps ; 10 to 12 million people forcibly relocated during world war ii ; and at least 1 million arrested for various `` political crimes '' from 1946 to 1953 . '', 
  so as you can see , most of those were not actually killed , but arrested or displaced . 
  the suggestion that the famine was artificial is also laughable as it is based on a factless theory proposed by ukrainian nationalists and is easily disproved by historical facts . 
  but it was certainly due to economic mismanagement , so it is rightly attributed to stalin . 
  the figure is likely just over 3 million , which is what ukrainian ex president yushenko admitted . 
  other historians put it at between 3 and 4 , let 's even take 4 . 
  then the 1 million executed . 
  so 5 million dead . 
  now , a lot of those who were sent to prison camps died eventually due to the hard living conditions . 
  so taking the article 's 4-6 million ( it was 4 million as confirmed by released ussr archives , which already includes the million executed ) , let 's pretend that almost all died . 
  let 's pretend it 's 5 million . 
  so that brings the total to 10 million , even according to your historically inaccurate article . 
  where did you get 60 million ? 
  either you made it up , or you never bothered to research the subject and believed a random number thrown up as a `` boo , stalin could have killed up to 60 million people '' , by non historians , without referring to historians . 
  as i said before , the real number , which is easier to estimate today , due to all the classified information that was made public , is roughly at 1 million executed , 3 more million sent to camps , many of whom died eventually , and 3-4 million during the famine due to economic mismanagement . 
  for a grand total of 8 million dead at the absolute conservative extreme . 
  realisticly , about 5-6 million . 
  on top of that , of course , many of those were convicted for actual crimes , not just political reasons . 
  but yeah , that 's where it 's at . 
  5-6 million lives lost because of stalin 's policies . 
  i know you wo n't apologise for your false accusations , but maybe you will take this lesson and in the future refrain from talking garbage to people who know a lot more than you . 
  just under 4 million people were politically repressed under stalin . 
  just under a million of those were sentenced to death , the rest were sent to prison camps . 
  if you count the people who died in the famine due to economic mismanagement as well , that 's about 3 million more . 
  kind of pales in comparison to hitler 's 20-25 million soviet people alone ( and millions more of non soviet people ) , and mao 's 45 million . 
  please refrain from making up numbers in the future . 
  he is obviously far from last century 's greatest killer . 
  mao and hitler lived last century as well , and stalin pales in comparison to both . 
  anyone who admires stalin is a fool . 
  it 's not being anti soviet . 
  it is making up historical myths not about the soviet government but the soviet people , majority of whom were russian . 
  it 's pretty rossophobic . 
  not sure about your grandfathers , mine certainly never raped anybody . 
  as for red army soldiers , pretending that they somehow committed war crimes at unusual rates has no historical basis and is downright russophobic . 
  yeah , because russian army raped every civilian from odessa to berlin ... rape happens in every war , and the rape that happened by red army soldiers was no more than that . 
  in fact , it would be a fair bit less as it was punishable by death . 
  even comparing that to the rape and murder which the nazis inflicted on ussr is idiotic . 
  nice bullshit you made up there . 
  will never happen . 
  eu is not a single country , it 's a union of separate countries . 
  uk has already shut this idea down , not surprisingly considering the widespread eu scepticism . 
  not really , usa was/is extremely capitalistic , ussr was extremely socialistic . 
  extreme policies tend to work pretty poorly . 
  finding a good balance is the way to do , something the nordic model achieved . 
  nordic countries combine capitalist and socialist social policies , although norway also has socialist economic policies to an extent . 
  it 's the opposite actually , socialism is the road so to speak , communism is the destination . 
  that 's why socialism is easier to implement , for example the nordic model is highly socialistic , and is an example of socialism being implemented without repression ( comparatively speaking ) and working well . 
  no country ever had communism , ussr had socialism . 
  but the way it was implemented is as you say , by eradicating anyone who did not agree with it , because that was an easier way than convincing people , and ultimately what made the whole thing so wrong . 
  in a way , it worked because post 50s ussr did produce people genuinely believing in communistic ideals , but it did not endure the time , so who knows how it would have ended up . 
  congratulations on your independence !, 
  communist ideology was great - freedom , equality etc. 
  the repressive methods which were used to try and implement that ideology were horrible though . 
  the helicopter quickly flew away and landed on that russian submarine that was definitely in sweden . 
  the pilot was possibly a swedish fisherman called otto who could be a kgb agent for all we know . 
  the red square photo is actually not him , but someone who does n't even really look like him . 
  but it did the rounds on runet for a while !, 
  when it says `` popular wisdom '' , the meaning of `` popular '' is not `` popular like the kardashians '' but rather `` folk wisdom '' or `` national wisdom '' or `` people 's wisdom '' . 
  trivia continues . 
  she was the sole reason for reclaiming crimea . 
  by the way , more trivia , she 's a pro , real deal prosecutor , she has prosecuted organised crime members , pretty hardcore guys . 
  you may have noticed that her smile is a little quirky , the reason for that is that she was assaulted by a criminal who sliced her face with a blade , causing serious nerve damage which led to restricted control of face muscles on one side . 
  so not just a pretty face this one !, 
  the original says `` i caught one by the hand '' which is a russian way of saying `` caught him red handed '' . 
  bit of trivia for yall . 
  i 'll start constructing the bridge to / r/europe then , 
  my condolences to everyone affected . 
  i hope justice swiftly finds the people responsible . 
  much of that and more has already been debunked . 
  the photos are photoshopped fakes , for one . 
  do n't bother with them , their iq is at a level where i posted a quote from the op 's linked rt article below , in quotation marks , and they started insulting me and thinking i wrote the quote myself . 
  your ad hominem has nothing to do with the fact that the article clearly explained that turkish social media is speculating about the photo and that op is fabricating claims and spreading false information . 
  `` turkish social media has posted photos of turkish president recep erdogan 's son necmettin bilal having dinner in an istambul restaurant with an alleged isis leader , who it is claimed participated in massacres in syria 's homs and rojava , the kurdish name for syrian kurdistan or western kurdistan . 
  there is speculation bilal erdogan is directly involved in the black market oil business with islamic state . '', 
  condolences to the victims ' families :(, 
  do n't forget about the seven hills !, 
  rome , constantinople and moscow are all `` cities standing on seven hills '' . 
  there 's some more prophecy content lol . 
  `` two romes have fallen . 
  the third stands . 
  and there will be no fourth . 
  no one shall replace your christian tsardom ! '', 
  that 's right , that 's not jumping through hoops , that 's just going full retard . 
  i doubt we do .
