  good lad , all the best !, 
  russia is still pretty powerful , both in reality and in imagination of the western people ( i mean look how much the western media talks about russia , we are like celebrities , we are definitely the most relevant country in the world according to western media ! ) . 
  also , i think you 're mistaking the trend here , the 90s was indeed a low point , but russia has recovered significantly since then , we always do , 
  it 's pathetic xenophobia . 
  read the article to find out !, 
  yet another non story being circle jerked over by idiots . 
  well , it 's like i said , the guy who got away with a bloodied nose can consider himself lucky that he does n't have broken bones . 
  but he still got beat up . 
  that can work . 
  so he ran away with a few bruises . 
  he escaped a worse fate . 
  but he certainly did n't win the fight , 
  what he 's saying is you are also asian , just like us !, 
  awesome , a prolonged invasion is better than a quick invasion , ca n't argue with that !, 
  i 'm sure usa would also allow you guys to build a military base on their soil , you do n't want to , of course , but if you did , they 'd bring you bread and salt for sure , 
  russia is a country . 
  it ca n't actually be anything , including good , evil , or even horny . 
  cool , so you 're finally understanding who the winner was . 
  it 's like , if someone robs you on the street , you 're not gon na say `` well , i showed him !, 
  he could have killed me ! '', 
  i do n't know any people like that , although i 'm sure they exist somewhere . 
  although i do n't know if i can blame them really , according to western media , russia controls everything that happens in this world . 
  we hack the planet , we control foreign elections , we make countries leave eu , we even weaponise millions of refugees !, 
  i 'll be honest with you , i always considered myself invincible to propaganda and manipulation , and i always have been , but this is getting even to me . 
  every western media is telling me russians are omnipotent . 
  i sometimes look at myself in the mirror lately and ask the question `` am i a wizard ? 
  well done for political shitposting in a non political topic . 
  hmmm interesting , if they were indeed acting rude , that could well be the reason . 
  on an unrelated note , have they caught the vandals ? 
  ah , the man who brought this world al-qaeda . 
  i guess we should n't speak ill of dead people , but it is a shame all the shit he started did n't die with him . 
  oh man , the only bad thing about soros dying will be that people will think twice about saying anything bad about him . 
  fucking poland , constantly putting puppets on our throne and collapsing our state !, 
  worked out well for usa . 
  very nice of you to provide training ground for these foreign militaries , they probably contribute to the local economy as well by buying produce and beer or whatnot . 
  not sure what any of that has to do with finland ceding land to ussr though . 
  is there ever an example of a winning side agreeing to give up land to the other side ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i mean , finland defensive lines were collapsing at the time they signed the treaty , no wonder they were in a hurry to come to moscow and document their land losses . 
  of course , peace did n't last very long , and the war continued shortly after as a part of the great patriotic war , which , of course , ussr also won . 
  hey , i 'm not saying i am a fan of ussr or stalin or anything , but i mean , i know history , i can think logically , and i know who won . 
  i mean , it 's obvious . 
  the land still belongs to russia today even . 
  agreed completely , i do n't like supremacists either , like navalny for example , bit of a dick really . 
  i would n't talk to him either . 
  i 'm just saying , i would n't want foreign military to be permanently stationed in russia . 
  but if other countries like it , that does n't bother me . 
  ussr came and asked for some land . 
  finland refused . 
  ussr took the land by force . 
  finland agreed to let ussr keep that land . 
  i 'm pretty sure the side that wins the war does not lose land to the side it defeated , 
  that 's cool , some people like their wife to spend time with other dudes for example , all sorts of people in this world , whatever floats your boat , 
  smart choice , keep quiet then and go on with your life . 
  it 's like , you can mutter xenophobic shit to yourself all you want , just as long as you remember that the stronger dude will fuck you up if you dare go against him , 
  awesome , you are happy having foreign soldiers on your soil , that 's your choice . 
  as long as they stay on the other side of the border from us , i do n't have an issue with them , 
  desperate for what ? 
  just saying how it is . 
  lol any day now . 
  in the meantime we will choose your presidents for you , 
  backed down from what ? 
  ussr won the war against finland and took the territory it wanted . 
  thanks for your concern , but we will manage . 
  you can keep being pro usa , but they are far away , plus we elected their president do n't you know , 
  why would that matter ? 
  are you from usa ? 
  we discovered flight . 
  what are you gon na do about it ? 
  do you hate russians ? 
  do you wan na talk about it ? 
  good , you learned the lesson . 
  yeah , we were told by civilised societies to stop oppressing the freedom fighters , so we did . 
  fair enough . 
  the lesson is to not fuck with russia , 
  it 's not an occupation , the population is for being a part of russia . 
  lol i 'm being downvoted for answering the question . 
  all diplomats are basically disclosed spies . 
  baltics had a non russian population though . 
  i consider it a part of russian federation , de facto and de jure . 
  well , i differentiate between politics and everyday life , and nothing in this world is black and white . 
  there 's nothing wrong with liking some aspects of something and not liking others . 
  that 's awesome . 
  who made it ? 
  russia is so hot right now , almost every topic involves russia somehow . 
  trending like there 's no tomorrow , 
  hitler is ~ 27 mil soviets alone , plus all the others . 
  stalin is about 1 mil executed , and about 8-9 more mil indirectly caused . 
  so your historic knowledge is lacking . 
  what 's your point ? 
  he was saying his own opinion on what could have happened in a video which was unclear , that 's not a fake . 
  he then made a video saying his guess ended up being wrong . 
  feel free to check his earlier videos though , there were like daily fakes from ukrainian channels debunked . 
  good chat . 
  not dirt poor , it 's not quite somalia or ukraine , not even india or china . 
  pretty strong middle class , emerging competitiveness in the working class . 
  if you 're willing to work hard , you can make decent money in russia . 
  a lot of people are content in mindless jobs though , so there 's that . 
  biggest problem is the elderly , collapse of ussr left them with no retirement savings and the pensions are inadequate , so they have to rely on relatives . 
  always been good at maths , russia really should capitalise on this and corner more of the software market .
