  : s as for stalin , you seem to be including every prisoner , including those who were criminals and including those who survived the camps , which was the majority . 
  i wo n't go into the famine business as stalin could not control the weather and was not directly responsible for mismanagement by authorities , but i 'm aware that some people still blame him for it . 
  so for the sake of the argument , let 's add the 7 million in as well . 
  i 'm not sure how forced resettlement = stalin kills . 
  so we have : 7 million from famine 1 million executions ( not all innocent , not all political , but let 's keep the lot ) 1.5 million died in camps ( overestimation assuming half of prisoners died ) 300k outside of ussr , again overestimation . 
  ____________ total of 9.8 million ( 2.8 without counting the famine as there is no consensus on how many of those can be attributed to stalin 's policies ) so taking your figures , which i overestimated , 9.8 million deaths for stalin . 
  27 million soviet only for hitler . 
  feel free to research how many more millions from other countries . 
  seems hitler killed at the very least 3 times as many people as stalin , and in reality a lot more . 
  almost 30 million soviets died in ww2 , more than half of them being civilians . 
  stalin most certainly did not kill 12 % of the population , he executed just under a million and sent another 3 million to camps during the purge . 
  some of those were for political reasons . 
  does n't feel very nice , does it ? 
  do n't worry , over time it will be like water off a duck 's back . 
  thats his nom de guerre , real name is mihail . 
  he is a ukrainian with georgian background . 
  i do n't think the war is about pan slavism , the divide is linguistic and political , not really racial . 
  different soldiers . 
  the ones who were captured are later taken to donetsk . 
  no , hang on , it has other videos after it , some contain dead bodies from firefights , then there 's some random `` russia in syria '' news reels . 
  it 's that old video of givi , a ukrainian separatist yelling at ukrainian forces and making them chew their epaulettes . 
  it was terrible . 
  you ca n't use the fight for equality to justify murder of children . 
  what do you think armenia needs to do to resolve the nagorno-karabakh conflict ? 
  are both sides in a forest of denial ? 
  ps : release a new album already !, 
  what is dead may never die . 
  economically , it 's a lot better . 
  but one thing that people often forget about is the overall state of the country in the 90s . 
  criminality was massive , `` mafia '' pretty much controlled everything . 
  in fact , most 90s oligarchs rose up by either paying the mobsters protection money or being heads of various mobster groups . 
  as a result , you could not conduct business , even small business , without being involved with the mob , and the constant power struggles left many people dead , sometimes even civilians as collateral damage . 
  that lawlessness , which i consider to be the worst element of the 90s , has stopped . 
  that was good , funny , without unnecessary xenophobia and hatred . 
  congratulations on your long and often challenging journey to independence , latvia !, 
  -1 for brezhnev failing to kiss latvia on the cheek . 
  whole of russian empire existed as many little states during the civil war . 
  ukraine was divided in parts too . 
  i 'm sure they have rifles available , but the bears are protected , so shooting them is a last resort , if a scientist 's life is in danger for example . 
  in his interview he said that he was a soldier during the second chechen war . 
  then he worked in police for some years and then came to donbas in january 2015 . 
  so a russian volunteer , not a serving soldier . 
  there were nowhere as many western ukrainian villagers in kiev before recent years . 
  they look so alike as well !, 
  so hitler ... did nothing wrong ? 
  the famine was caused by a draught and affected ukraine , kazakhstan and russian ssr . 
  it 's effect was worsened even more by regional officials inflating produce numbers to look good in front of moscow and thus delaying supply of aid to the affected regions . 
  unless stalin controlled the weather , you ca n't blame everything on him . 
  he is responsible as far as failing to control the situations and providing timely aid though , but we ca n't estimate the number of deaths caused by that with any accuracy . 
  as for the rest , he executed almost 1 million people and sent about 3 other million to working camps during the purges , many of whom died either in camps or later in life from poor health as a result of their imprisonment . 
  many of those were indeed innocent , and i even consider those who politically opposed him as innocents as they did not deserve execution / imprisonment for disagreeing with the communist theory . 
  many were just ordinary , non political criminals though . 
  why is n't hitler responsible for combat deaths in ww2 ? 
  if he did n't start the war , those people would n't have died from his actions . 
  he is responsible for every person who died fighting nazi germany . 
  well , holodomor deaths were caused by a drought and economic mismanagement , not by anyone 's intention . 
  but even if you count those ~ 8 million deaths in ussr during that time , that still does n't come close to hitler 's body count . 
   since stalin killed even more people of hitler well , he did n't . 
  hitler is responsible for almost 30 million soviet deaths , and that 's just one country . 
  stalin was nowhere near that . 
  unless you are talking about how many people they personally killed with their own hands , in which case , i guess stalin did kill more due to his terrorist past . 
  it 's good that it clarified that he is russia 's , for a second i thought it may have been liechtenstein 's putin . 
  as the saying goes `` you reap what you sow '' . 
  here 's shariy 's video of the `` siege '' , you can skip the intro if you do n't speak russian or do n't like him : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvpk0h4m24y, 
  you come off as a bitter , unaccomplished person . 
  your anger consumes you . 
  it will be good for the people of both countries to improve relations , it ca n't happen overnight , but it will happen over time . 
  baltic countries did join ussr , under duress and under threat of military action . 
  it 's not occupation , occupation is when a country gets taken over by the military and is occupied without annexing the country to the invading state . 
  in practical terms there is little difference , of course , but if we are debating proper legal interpretation , then that 's the distinction . 
  also , i do n't believe it was illegal at the time under international law , all our current law which deals with such issues came after ww2 . 
  even war of aggression was not illegal before the un charter . 
  i 'm not arguing that the annexation was the right thing to do btw , i think it was wrong and should not have happened . 
  i even think it was against the interests of ussr , but that 's a highly debated topic in itself . 
  in practical terms , ussr annexed baltics . 
  they threatened the governments to let troops in first , then exiled the government officials then held a rigged vote to join them to ussr . 
  yeah it was an invasion and annexation . 
  occupation would be if there was an invasion and no annexation . 
  i suppose in practical terms , an annexation which is not welcomed is not that different to an occupation . 
  we have the great patriotic war and then a soviet-japanese war , it 's appropriate to divide the two as they were not fought at the same time and are different conflicts from our perspective . 
  there 's nothing sinister about it , ussr was n't really affected directly by 1939-1941 part of ww2 , for us the war started in 1941 when we were invaded . 
  and then after we defeated germany , we started another war with japan . 
  we were not at war with japan during great patriotic war . 
  well , ussr lost almost 30 million people in the war , most of them being civilians . 
  every family has had someone take part in the war and most families have lost someone . 
  countries which were not so affected may not care about it so much anymore , but we do . 
  it 's kinda like asking a jewish person why are they so preoccupied with the holocaust or a black american person why are they so preoccupied with slavery . 
  i tried watching the video , but it 's lagging badly at the moment , i might try it later when others are not using the internet . 
  nevzorov is an interesting persona , and has done some great journalism work , but he has his biases which show in his work , so a lot of people have problems with him because of that . 
  he really is polarising , for example he is patriotic and says many things other patriots would agree with , but then on certain issues he goes against the typical patriotic view , for example chechen war . 
  i guess that shows that he has his own views , whether right or wrong , and does not just follow the popular opinion . 
  not really , they were separate wars which happened in the context of ww2 . 
  ussr was at war with neither germany , nor britain or france during that time , so were not in ww2 until 1941 . 
  there was no military alliance with germany , so ussr was never allied with them . 
  you are producing some badhistory content . 
  i suggest you take a step back and look at things objectively because it 's really not doing you any good to hold onto historically incorrect opinions . 
  ussr was never germany 's ally . 
  they opposed each other in the 30s and the pact itself was a way to postpone their war with each other and prepare . 
  soviet invasion of poland and winter war were separate events . 
  ussr entered ww2 in 1941 when germany broke the pact prematurely ( stalin expected war to start later ) , by that stage the war was well underway .
