i 'll think twice about buying croatian pickles from now on . 
  just had my relatives from russia come for a visit and go back . 
  they work in the police force . 
  whose land ? 
  crimean people 's land ? 
  is it a theft when the owner freely gives the piece of property to you ? 
  as a side note , i find your spelling of `` apologise '' with a `` z '' at least a little suspicious considering you are using the ireland flair . 
  yeah , and russians do n't make themselves victims because of stalin either , so i think certain other countries should follow the german and russian example and get over it . 
  and do n't get me wrong , anyone who supported stalin knowing full well what he was really like are burning in hell too . 
  beria and yezhov first and foremost , arguably they were even worse creatures than stalin . 
  well , seeing how we did not kill anyone in crimea and the land is ours ( well , fair enough , stolen from the turks 300 years ago ) , definitely no shame . 
  in fact , very proud of crimea coming back to us . 
  as for your choice to ignore the proven fact of crimeans wanting crimea to be russian , well , your choice . 
  good day . 
  crimea is never leaving russia again , it is much too dear to our hearts . 
  at least now you realise that you had no idea that such an overwhelming majority of crimeans actually truly want crimea to be a part of russia . 
  you learnt something today . 
  well , time will tell wo n't it . 
  if russian people are still not starving within 5 years , would you publicly apologise ? 
  if they are , i promise to be the first person to march on kreml , 
  well , 90 % of crimeans polled by an american research organisation agree that the referendum was free and fair , so there 's that . 
  crimea coming back to russia is the best thing that has happened to this world since the beginning of the century , what a truly happy event for everyone involved , 
  click the link one posts before replying to one 's post . 
  if you do n't believe that 90 % of crimea supports the return to russia you clearly have no clue about crimea and its history . 
  even ukrainian skinheads would have to admit that crimea has always been largely russian . 
  and how many more people died as a result of the recon work that erna did for abwehr ? 
  soviet people were indeed heroes and liberators , i am not talking about stalin and co , i am talking about ordinary soviet soldiers who shed blood for the world . 
  not very familiar , no . 
  my grandmother was born in a gulag though so do n't bother trying to make out like the baltics suffered any more than russia from stalin 's policies . 
  anyone who sided with germany in ww2 is burning in hell now . 
  must be some crazy ass propaganda to brainwash me all the way in the western country i 've lived in since i was 12 . 
  maybe i 'm a sleeper agent and my kgb conditioning is leaking through the mental shield  i 'll respectfully disagree on the second point . 
  there certainly were !, 
  since 1783 , in fact !, 
  i agree , they were terrible crimes . 
  stalin has committed much evil against many nations , against russians more than anyone else . 
  you did n't have to be a fan of stalin to fight the nazis . 
  but for all his faults , stalin was trying to build communism and repressed anyone who opposed him ( often based on paranoia even ) . 
  hitler gassed people alive based on race . 
  his grand plan was to exterminate jews and gypsies and enslave slavs . 
  sure , both were evil fuckers , but i think one is a bit more repulsive than the other . 
  nazi soldiers killed 1/4 of the population of belarus . 
  they would go into a village , gather the people in the largest building and burn them alive . 
  i ca n't imagine allying myself or working for people like that , even if they are the enemy of my sworn enemy . 
  nice one , any russian who is not ashamed of being russian surely is a paid shill !, 
  when you assume ...  chechnya does not want to be a part of russia ? 
  they seemed to have voted in approval of their constitution that says pretty clearly that they are a part of russia . 
  the separatists in chechnya were in minority during the wars , albeit well armed by saudi arabia , and after the first war , chechnya got their de facto independence . 
  during that time it became a radical islamic state where crime thrived and it culminated in jihadists invading another region of russia , dagestan . 
  during the second war , the chief mufti of chechnya , akhmad kadyrov ( who declared jihad on russia ) was convinced to abandon separatism by putin and seeing how he controlled a large chunk of the separatists , they went along with him . 
  the rebellion fell apart after that , leaving a bunch of rag tag radicals hiding in caves ( like doku umarov and friends ) . 
  akhmad was assassinated ( blown up ) eventually and today , his son , ramzan ( a pretty bad ass separatist commander during the war ) is the president of chechnya and putin 's supporter . 
  are things perfect now in chechnya under kadyrov ? 
  certainly not . 
  but it is a lot better than it was before and during the war . 
  so there 's a bit of a history lesson , make of that what you will . 
  or pretend that i am a part of a russian conspiracy to shill on / r/europe and i just made up all these historical facts , 
  hahahaha , have you even looked at those pictures ? 
  the first one has babai ( a cossack who served in the army years ago ) in ukraine and some random dude with a beard who does not look anything like babai in georgia . 
  the others are just pictures with words written over them in ms paint . 
  the whole thing is based on babai and a few of his cossack friends appearing in a number of photos . 
  why should 90 % of crimea pack up and leave their homes and jobs ? 
  they lived in their own country until 1991 when ussr fell apart and suddenly they ended up in a foreign country . 
  they voted a number of times before for autonomy from ukraine , in return ukraine refused to listen to those votes and abolished the post of president of crimea , and the crimean constitution . 
  it then gave power to ukrainian parliament to veto anything the crimean parliament passes . 
  after maidan , crimea has really just had enough of oppression from ukraine and they said their good byes . 
  well , ~ 90 % of crimeans voted for joining russia . 
  only a heartless being would go against the will of the people . 
  http://humanrightsinvestigations.org/2014/05/12/pew-poll-crimeans-happy-with-annexation-by-russia-believe-referendum-was-free-and-fair/ just celebrate that after their 20 year long campaign to gain independence from ukraine , crimeans finally achieved it !, 
  in theory , communism works  and please tell me you did not just suggest ethnically cleansing crimea of 90 % of its population . 
  none of those fit the criteria for genocide . 
  katyn was an extermination of perceived threat to communist rule in poland , not an extermination of people based on race or religion . 
  the baltic example you provided was about deporting people , not killing them . 
  holodomor would come close , but still does not , as it was unintentional and affected parts of russia and kazakhstan as well . 
  all these events were horrible crimes by stalin and his circle , but they do not classify as genocide . 
  `` whether or not team-stalin was guilty of genocide in 1932 -- 33 depends on how ` genocide ' is defined . 
  if a strict legal definition is adopted , based on the un genocide convention , genocide against the ukrainians in 1932 -- 33 is a charge for which there is some evidence , but it seems to the present author that it does not meet the standard of specific intent required to prove genocide . 
  furthermore , recent judicial interpretations of ` in part ' would reduce still further the chances of a successful prosecution . '', 
  `` if the more relaxed definition favoured by some modern specialists in genocide studies is adopted , then the ukrainians were victims of genocide in 1932 -- 33 ( as were the russians and kazakhs in 1930 -- 34 ) . 
  many other events of the 1917 -- 53 era ( e.g. 
  the deportation of whole nationalities , and the ` national operations ' of 1937 -- 38 ) would also qualify as genocide . 
  the ukrainian famine deaths in 1932 -- 33 would not be the only soviet genocide but would be the worst ( i.e. 
  have the largest number of victims ) . 
  however , this more relaxed definition makes genocide a common historical event . 
  it also adds countries such as portugal , spain , the netherlands , uk and usa to the list of those guilty of past genocides ( which also includes australia even on the strict definition ) . '', 
  in theory it belongs to ukraine . 
  but in practice , it is russian . 
  and 90 % of crimeans are very happy about it . 
  seems you have already personally checked the trucks and found them full of russian soldiers ? 
  russian soldiers are in ukraine ? 
  oh , there must have been at least one killed or captured so far . 
  unless these are super secret unkillable russian soldiers or something ? 
  did 90 % of polish people vote in favour of joining germany ? 
  crimea is russian . 
  deal with it . 
  when ? 
  what group ? 
  these sanctions are bad for russia and bad for europe . 
  usa is laughing all the way to the bank . 
  oh yeah i never meant that it was only slavs who founded rus .
