  oh my god !, 
  haha , what , i have no idea of the context , why is it hated in france ? 
  no , no , no , you 're not getting it . 
  destroying all life on this planet is worth it every time , as long as xeno defeats putin . 
  war is peace . 
  i reckon you 'll check off even more things in art of war , case in point , sun tzu was a putinbot !, 
  lol dugin is seen as a mental case in russia , it 's laughable to suggest someone treats him seriously . 
  lmao invading syria , i swear someone made this joke recently , and now i 'm seeing someone seriously making this comment . 
  tell me more about this conspiracy , which alternative accounts do i have , 
  that 's exactly what he 's promoting though . 
  lol i love your posts dude , so much angst . 
  aha , putin is weaponising cartoons !, 
  do n't underestimate secret kgb slingshots !, 
  these guys made it world wide . 
  i think i mostly remember the video games from childhood . 
  i do n't think i watched this much but i remember it being on tv in like early 90s . 
  he was voiced by a woman . 
  just like goku !, 
  last i heard they bought rights to it and are making new episodes . 
  barboskiny as well . 
  can confirm , cartoon was awesome , watched it twice :d, 
  anyone played tintin in tibet on the consoles back in the day ? 
  childhood feels . 
  [ this is fine . 
  ] ( http://www.waitwhatpodcast.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/greenthisisfine.png ), 
  that was my favourite one . 
  so irrelevant that it 's in every news story , real and made up . 
  so dwindling that it 's never been in a better position than it is now . 
  it will be china easily , they already control a lot . 
  hope you 're enjoying the president we elected for you , your wet dreams must be shattered by reality every time you wake up . 
  hezbolla is actually fighting against aq in syria right now . 
  lol freedom is great for keeping people fed and warm is n't it ? 
  do n't give me that rubbish about a dictator , the guy was elected democratically and he was about to lose the next election , he had no power whatsoever , calling him a dictator is downright retarded . 
  latvia did not have a revolution though . 
  turned out well , as all revolutions do . 
  shit , man the battlements !, 
  lol wat , israel has not by passed anything . 
  i meant followers of the old gods . 
  i think it 's mostly positive attitude , a lot of russian people go to turkey on holidays . 
  the plane incident really hit the attitudes but i think that has since been resolved . 
  cause ussr wronged them in the past and even us overthrowing ( through mostly peaceful means ) ussr was not enough to make them like us . 
  it 's a step . 
  most people in russia agree with putin 's foreign policy , after crimea even more . 
  he 's pretty well supported . 
  not very many would support him invading other countries for no reason though , we see the crimean situation fully justified and donbas somewhat justified , although i do n't agree with how things were done in donbas . 
  oh , so another country invading is not oppressive , but with russia , it 's oppressive . 
  ca n't get around it , as soon as you single one nation out for anything , racism can be validly noticed . 
  i had a really good article on lend lease , lost the link , i 'll have to track it down one day . 
  good breakdown of what was shipped and when ( mostly after 1942 when we started winning ) . 
  i did n't change the subject , you brought it up so i addressed your points . 
  i said that it 's happened before because hyperbolicly , it did . 
  of course i 'm not suggested all those conquered countries were all going hard and were motivated to destroy ussr , many of them had partisan resistance groups going . 
  it 's just an observation , hitler controlled almost all of europe 's resources , spent them mostly on ussr , ussr still pulled through . 
  the racism is already there , why russia is the sole exception does n't really matter . 
  it 's pretty obvious though innit , you get to do something in a war , and he would only do it to russians . 
  feels good man , pretty amusing . 
  i used to get upset over it , but it 's gotten so ridiculous that it 's just entertaining now , 
  georgia had to be stopped , they started a war which we guaranteed to prevent with our peacekeepers , we did the right thing and protected south ossetia , i do n't know why people keep bringing this one up , it 's pretty black and white , that one . 
  ukraine is a bit more complicated , but opposing the oligarch sponsored coup was the right thing to do in principle , the way donbas was handled was bad though , it was a stupid half measure . 
  i have n't seen anyone wanting to invade baltics though . 
  ca n't lose something you are n't playing though can you . 
  soviet people did n't even know what a cold war is . 
  i 'm glad we got rid of communist rule in the end , the way it was done was fucking terrible though . 
  hopefully lessons were learnt . 
  i ca n't say i do . 
  lol , we have a goal ? 
  i 'm not offended , just pointing out the casual racism . 
  it 's not about defending the country , he said he does n't care about that and would n't do it , but he 'll make an exception for russia , because something . 
  that territory was part of russia before that though . 
  not an unusual thing to happen back then . 
  hitler is , of course responsible for many times the number of dead that stalin is for . 
  but back then hitler was just starting , so yeah , stalin had a bigger body count . 
  choice of two evils , perhaps , yeah . 
  chose the bigger evil in the end though . 
  yeah , i agree , that 's why i do n't really bother responding to them , waste of time . 
  but for someone just reading over comments and seeing such things being said , they could form an impression . 
  i 'll try to note some at some point just for you . 
  i 've seen them often enough to assume everyone else has too , i guess i mostly read russia related topics , maybe that 's why . 
  not low effort at all , side remark if anything . 
  older enemies . 
  even if that was the case , allowing someone to gain it is not a good thing for us . 
  we do have the doomsday system i guess , but that 's little consolation , more of a safety measure . 
  they just are n't present in great numbers in russia , so the culture is a bit foreign . 
  we know gypsies well though , music etc , and i think they have some impact on romanian culture too , so there 's that . 
  you ca n't expect everyone to know everything and everyone though , those interested in history and whatnot know more , obviously . 
  it 's just really not the case that most people on the street will be able to tell you anything about romania though , does n't mean they hate them , in fact , those people tend to not hate anyone , they 're just normal people . 
  a power controlled all those resources , which were mostly used against us , what 's so hard to understand ? 
  we fought against most of europe , it does n't mean all of those countries were happy working for hitler , but it does n't change the fact that they were . 
  germans had little worries other than eastern front , after all , that 's where 80 % of their casualties occurred . 
  i doubt 20 % more could have made a vital difference , we could handle that . 
  as much as the help is appreciated , it only helped prevent even more of our losses , which we are grateful for , but it did n't make a decisive difference . 
  we were already pushing back by the time the help flowed in large numbers . 
  we were the decisive force against hitler , no one else came even close , even combined . 
  solidarity with what ? 
  it 's easy , you wait and not cause chaos , let a generation grow up in peace and stability and they will come to power one day with new ideas and new ways . 
  there has never been a sporadic overnight change in culture , to expect the same from russia is silly . 
  ussr collapsed in 1991 , 25 years is n't long enough for something like this . 
  well that 's one side of the story , and there 's no point presenting the other side because i 'll just get downvotes and no one will believe me over what they heard on tv anyway . 
  come on , nato was expanding during the 90s , when we were `` trading with you '' . 
  i do n't know what we traded btw , our production capabilities collapsed and we were pretty much just a consumer , not a very good one at that .
