  rip . 
  lol no it does n't , you 're making shit up now . 
  here 's the next one : http://www.osce.org/ukraine-smm/296416 you can see the direction that shells came from . 
  uk anti porn law working as intended . 
  [ there is someone who will protect cattle minorities !, 
  ] ( https://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/ob-ul410_0906pu_j_20120906053804.jpg ), 
  the rich get richer !, 
  we 're living it !, 
  do n't forget the rebels offing each other in idlib , showing their true psychopathic colours . 
  kuznetsov was mainly sent to syria as a training exercise , but it was a part of a deployment which made history !, 
  ooooh , subbed , thanks !, 
  i 'm actually a lizard . 
  i 'm not criticising them though . 
  pretty interesting stuff . 
  what an age to be alive , when ordinary people can use a tool like the internet to influence opinions , all sorts of anonymous online communities etc. 
  this would have sounded like sci fi 20 years ago , but here we are . 
  that being said , i doubt le pen can beat fillon . 
  fn are a real life version of the sith . 
  there will always be one master and one apprentice . 
  when marine took marion as an apprentice , she destroyed her master , jean-marie . 
  hope that helps . 
  russians . 
  that 's really interesting , our parents/grandparents sure had it tougher than us . 
  my grandma had an electric stove actually when i was a kid , not sure why , but the hotplates were actually metal . 
  i remember always having to watch out for the hotplates to cool before you can touch them , not that i did much cooking back then lol . 
  well , i had the option of electric or gas and i went with gas , because it 's significantly cheaper , and i prefer to cook on gas for some reason . 
  my auntie has an electric stove though and she loves it , it 's easier to clean as well . 
  i assume you have an electric stove ? 
  many residences have a [ gas stove ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/brand-new-gas-stove-never-used-stainless-tray-appliance-retail-store-57292071.jpg ) instead . 
  you turn the gas on and there 's a little spark which lights it and you put your pots and pans on the flame and cook . 
  they used to be more dangerous back in the day where you can accidently leave it on and the apartment would get filled with gas and explode , but modern stoves have safety features which turn the gas off after a short time if there is no flame . 
  also , before the spark mechanism , you would just light it with a match . 
  if memory serves me correctly , in fight club , the apartment explosion was caused by the gas stove being left on . 
  how come they did n't go with `` chehia '' , `` chechia '' is bound to attract some mispronunciation ? 
  no one will give it back , that would be political suicide . 
  even navalny , the only opposition member who comes even a little close to ever winning already said he would not return it . 
  the difference is that baltic countries were different ethnically and culturally , crimea is pretty much fully russian . 
  the most , definitely beluga noble vodka . 
  they also have more premium ones like gold line , but the normal one is already so good , it 's hard to improve it . 
  yanukovich never had much power . 
  assuming that putin and erdogan are , yanukovich did not have nearly the control that both of them have . 
  he was about to lose the election big time too . 
  no one is saying he was n't corrupt . 
  but he won the election fair and square . 
  he would have lost the next one though , which was supposed to happen like a year after the revolution . 
  damn you !, 
  what other one is there ? 
  oh yeah , i forgot the `` oy '' . 
  they are quite rare , and become `` aya '' . 
  others remain the same . 
  dictionary.com : `` dictator - a person exercising absolute power , especially a ruler who has absolute , unrestricted control in a government without hereditary succession . '', 
  nope , the word still does n't fit . 
  sweet , trivia !, 
  in 1855 , dentist robert arthur was the first to use gold to fill cavities . 
  hitler was not a dictator at first though . 
  just like yanukovich was n't ever . 
  he was elected in a fair election . 
  i do n't think you know that much on the subject . 
  how is he a dictator , he was an elected president ? 
  some of the ones who jumped out and lied injured on the ground were then beaten by the mob . 
  they 're pretty straight forward , emotional arguments for , pragmatic arguments against . 
  you should publicly denounce her !, 
  enemy of the people !, 
  hopefully more make it out alive , truly sad :(, 
  lol sorry . 
  knowledge is everything . 
  shhh , wait until election is over . 
  wo n't come to that . 
  he was not . 
  there is a minimum number of votes needed to impeach , which they did n't have . 
  unlikely . 
  unless something major happens , fillon will win comfortably . 
   ukraine ( hopefully one day ) retakes crimea highly doubtful . 
  it 's an organisation which embarrasses women , look how they act . 
  they do n't stand for anything , they 're just bored unemployed young girls . 
  well , not in the sense that she sleeps with guys for money ( although i ca n't say for sure ) , but in the sense that she is a floosy . 
  normal women do not get their tits out in public , know what i mean . 
  all those things you mention became better under putin though . 
  i think it 's fair to say that he is responsible for the success , the society reformed and became better under him , he cracked down on criminals , he reined in the oligarchs , ended the chechen conflict . 
  market has nothing to do with this . 
  he worked in gdr , that 's right . 
  we have a joker !, 
  lol reread my comment . 
  what else is there ? 
  non russians / polish surnames normally just do n't morph and are the same male/female . 
  this is actually an example of a bad prostitute . 
  oppressed serbian minority , you say ? 
  close enough !, 
  uralmash - ural nash !, 
  it was just one example of an early russian state , eventually all the lands were gathered and they became the tsardom . 
  that 's how all countries formed , britain was also once a collection of independent kingdoms , eventually wessex came out on top and gathered the lands into a single state . 
  stay away from the mines of mordor !, 
  kievan rus was founded by oleg of novgorod after he conquered lands and united little kingdoms into one , moving the capitol of rus to kiev . 
  it eventually declined and power shifted back to novgorod . 
  then our ancestors conquered the moscow region which eventually became the strongest rus state and consolidated all the russian lands into a single tsardom . 
  most of these lands were all together until 1991 . 
  kievan rus was one of the early russian states , it stands out because it was the first time that russian people attained a more or less united , sizeable state . 
  oh , you will fit right in then , russians are all finno ugric mongols . 
  i 've tried zubrowka , it 's quite good , although belvedere tastes smoother iirc . 
  i 'll have to check out soplica , looks like it has quite a bit of history behind it .
