  smaller country , less ethnic diversity , a lot more monetary injections , different economic culture . 
  in the end , a very different situation . 
  western propaganda was supportive of chechen islamists , that much is certain , the whole `` freedom fighter '' buzzword and all . 
  the cause of the conflict is centuries old , it 's not like the west created it , but it did add fuel to the fire . 
  putin is friendly with new oligarchs , people who gained their wealth at the end of , or after , the 90s . 
  some 90s oligarchs , like abramovich , fell in line with putin and spent some of their wealth on developing russia and were let off the hook in the end . 
  others , like khodorkovsky opposed putin , and ended up losing everything . 
  mal for president !, 
  well , brexit and trump were always gon na be a close call , but i think fillon is a pretty solid outcome , unless something drastic happens . 
  why ? 
  communicating with both china and taiwan is a right step forward , perhaps it will even lead to some sort of a diplomatic solution for their differences , or at least encourage it . 
  i am happy with any candidate who wants to improve relations with russia , things can only get better with cooperation . 
  he has my vote !, 
  le pen has little chance of winning . 
  france is set to go fillon at this stage , without any russian backing . 
  you got ta remember that aleppo was always mostly pro government , the rebels who took aleppo were not locals . 
  being a russian nationalist , navalny does not support crimea returning to ukraine . 
  thanks , taras . 
   occupied russian soldiers there are by agreement with moldova : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_control_commission, 
  i think people are just so desensitised to propaganda , they see right through rfe . 
  best propaganda is based on truth , it might be exaggerated , but it 's still there somewhere . 
  rfe does n't have that foundation of truth , so it 's quite shaky . 
  my opinion though , i just do n't think such an experienced organisation can be so incompetent . 
  oh , i agree , i think it 's a great shame that russia does not do the same with prednistrovye and south ossetia . 
  i guess those two are more or less stable , so allowing them to join now would rock the boat and cause more instability , it should have been done when the conflicts were first heated up , but russia had enough problems of its own back then . 
  heh , radio free europe has been running propaganda against ussr and then russia for the past half a century iirc , you 'd expect them to be very skilled at doing what they do by now . 
  it ca n't just be incompetence that it 's failing miserably , surely there 's a different reason for that , wonder what that might be . 
  do you actually believe that russia is planning a war in eastern europe ? 
  like , with full honesty and a cool head , you think that 's the plan ? 
  feel free to hack some russian politicians then and set up western media in russia . 
  but western media has been in russia for decades now , so it 's pretty even , no ? 
  see how effective it proves , you never know . 
  why are you lumping all the regions with completely different circumstances into one ? 
  russian peacekeepers in prednistrovye and south ossetia are there by agreement with moldova and georgia , they are joint commissions . 
  chechnya is a part of russia and russian forces in syria are there on request from the government . 
  ukraine is complicated , but probably the only one from the list on which you have a point . 
  you have a fair point , i 'd disagree on kosovo , because i think the two situations are comparable on legal grounds , but apart from that , yeah , perhaps . 
  but while all that may be true , crimeans still overwhelmingly made their choice , so what do you do , disrespect the wishes of 2 million people or bend soft law to your cause , much like soft law often is . 
  no , of course it would n't . 
  i highly doubt there would even be a chance of that happening . 
  chechnya would not agree to that , and russia would n't allow it to happen . 
  just to confirm , is your position that the referendum was invalid because of how it happened , or that the majority of crimeans did not want to join russia ? 
  97 % is not really surprising since a lot of people who would have voted no boycotted the referendum altogether . 
  pew and gallup polls both found over 80 % of crimeans happy with the referendum results : http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/despite-concerns-about-governance-ukrainians-want-to-remain-one-country/pg-2014-05-08-ukraine-russia-1-02/ http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#3c0845795951, 
  the west sponsored candidates in russia get like 1 % vote , do n't think declaring anything is necessary . 
  also , i love it how every time i see your posts , you are encouraging a war with russia . 
  / r/russia would like to encourage all sides to keep calm and uphold peace . 
  to show our commitment to peace , we hereby sign a non aggression pact with / r/de . 
  edgy stuff . 
  jihadists , on the other hand , have these kinds of hospitals : https://np.reddit.com/r/syriancivilwar/comments/5gp77k/footage_from_inside_of_aleppo_national_hospital/, 
  there 's only one answer to that question . 
  kinda like calling the second tallest person in the world short . 
  like this hospital ? 
  [ russian female doctor killed in aleppo hospital shelling ] ( http://tass.com/world/916852 ), 
   support of afghanistan in war with ussr . 
  that one turned out great !, 
  not the entire arctic , but there are certainly plenty of claims from the eligible countries , and it 's going to be an interesting half a century in that regard . 
  your flag looking a bit suspicious now too !, 
  no problem per se , providing the person is capable of doing the job . 
  what additional requirements have been introduced though ? 
  hotel booking ? 
  health insurance ? 
  proof of money in a bank account ? 
  how much is the current visa fee ? 
  30 euros ? 
  i 'll drink to that !, 
  pass the lime . 
  the original trainspotting is one of my favourite films ever , a true masterpiece . 
  choose life !, 
  i ca n't wait for trainspotting sequel !, 
  saakashvili estimated it at 20 years . 
  crazy that ussr had to withstand pretty much the whole of europe back then . 
  soviet union definitely brought more equality to everyone , including ethnic equality . 
  most leaders of ussr were not ethnic russians , interestingly . 
  russian empire was a lot more nationalistic than ussr . 
  funnily enough , a large number of bolsheviks were jewish , plenty of jewish chekists as well . 
  ussr was the first country to legally recognise the state of israel . 
  it was n't until stalin started getting more and more paranoid and israel was warring with arabs that relations deteriorated . 
  you can buy good cheese in russia . 
  does n't have to be expensive , just normal everyday food in russia is delicious . 
  well fuck , do n't buy the cheapest cheese you can find . 
  abkhazia is a sovereign state actually , the title is sensationalist . 
  they were in real life though , not on paper . 
  completely independent from georgia . 
  it 's not georgia 's territory , they split off from ussr , south ossetia split off from them , that 's how nations form . 
  what does that have to do with georgia starting the war ? 
  they have been living as independent since early 90s . 
  they were independent in the practical sense , in the real world . 
  russia only recognised them after the war . 
  georgia 's escalation was completely unjustified , it was a land grab . 
  the regions have been independent since early 90s bro , putin was chillin somewhere back then . 
  and throughout the years , there were shots fired in both directions . 
  georgian forces moved in to recapture south ossetia in 2008 because saakashvili got a big head and thought he was a conqueror for a second , went bad for him . 
  eu mission accepted the truth that georgia started the war . 
  you should too . 
  derailing like a ukrainian champ , 
  it 's pretty funny though . 
  the war started when georgia invaded , before that there were small exchanges of fire since the war was over in 1992 , nothing to warrant a full scale war . 
  russia had no troops in the area apart from the agreed upon peacekeeping troops , who came under fire from georgia and some were killed . 
  it took russia 2 days to get enough troops in to equal to georgia 's forces , at which point the tide turned and georgia was pushed back .
