  ethnic russians in russia : 2002 - 80.6 % 115,889,107 2010 - 80.9 % 111,016,896 it went down by ~ 5mil , i would not say it 's shrinking rapidly . 
  russia only recently started experiencing a population growth , so it 's not quite as bad as you think . 
  average lifespan and prevalence of aids are problematic , but they will improve with time . 
  lifespan is going up and it will continue to do so as alcohol and tobacco become less popular . 
  aids is largely restricted to drug users and sex workers and these underlying problems need fixing . 
  slavs are doing fine , we always pulled through , we do n't need saving . 
  we do need to stop fighting amongst each other though . 
  the traitors are the ones who committed genocide and those who sided with those that committed genocide . 
  those who fought on the side of ussr and the partisans who fought for liberation of their country ( no matter if they fought germans , soviets or both ) are the real heroes . 
  well , victory over nazi germany sure is something to be celebrated and it should not offend any normal person . 
  your suggestion that ussr was worse than nazi germany is quite laughable too . 
  celebrating a nazi recon unit , that 's pretty messed up to be honest . 
  rurik dynasty ruled rus for 730 years , what are you talking about `` elected '' ? 
   of course , it was a glorious time , many heroic battles were fought , i love history too man . 
  moscovy ( russia ) is considered the protector of christian orthodox faith ( if you believe the third rome theory ) , the successor to roman and byzantine empires . 
  do you mean vladimir the great ? 
  he was a pagan who converted to christianity and brought christianity to rus . 
  not sure about the beating the daughter part . 
  you had every right to fight against ussr , but to join up with nazi germany was probably not the best idea . 
  they did refuse to pledge allegiance to hitler , but they worked for him anyway . 
  kind of a parallel to bandera and his group of nazi collaborators in ukraine . 
  or vlasov and his army in russia . 
  all traitors and nazi collaborators and that is how history remembers them . 
  nashi have no rotten history behind them and they are not named after anything sinister , it 's just a youth organisation for educated young people who come together and discuss various fields of politics , economics , arts etc. 
  quite a few great projects were started by nashi . 
  well , i do n't have the stats but russia seems to be getting over a lot of these problems over the past 14 years , so i suppose leadership is doing something right . 
  i do n't mind if you criticise putin for lack of freedom of the press , for repressing opposition , even for approving homophobic laws , because there is some basis for these accusations . 
  but standards of living have skyrocketed in russia since putin came to power , corruption has decreased immensely ( albeit , it is far from eradicated ) , population actually started growing recently and the outlook of an ordinary russian has improved , there is a lot of hope . 
  all this has happened in ukraine too , but on a much smaller scale , ukraine currently has not moved on from the 90s as much as russia has . 
  i appreciate that the majority of ukrainians who came to maidan truly wanted something better for their country , indeed it is well past time for things to get better . 
  i am sure many of them were good , progressive people . 
  but the results of their revolution have been devastating for the country , and it is getting worse by the day . 
  this is not so different from the russian revolution of 1917 , a lot of the revolutionaries truly wanted a better life and a better country , but the results were terrible . 
  look , i was not familiar with this `` erna raid '' until now , but it certainly seems that the current `` scout event '' or whatever it is , is named after a finnish recon group organised by nazi germany and working for nazi germany against ussr ? 
  i am sure the scouts today do n't march around yelling `` heil hitler '' or whatever , but is it wise to organise youth events and name them after nazi collaborator groups ? 
  especially in countries with large russian communities , where almost everyone has relatives who died in the war ? 
  that would be similar to russia organising a youth group and calling it `` nkvd '' or `` russian liberation army '' or `` stalin 's little helpers '' . 
  i 'm sure that would upset some people , even if the group does nothing bad . 
  well , assuming the trucks get inspected tomorrow and nothing but humanitarian aid is found , all those spreading the hysteria about the trucks being full of weapons / soldiers / tanks will feel a bit silly . 
  i appreciate your interest in history , but you forgot that before a single autocrat , the rus people fought amongst each other , tribe vs tribe and eventually things got so bad , we invited rurik and the varangians to come and rule over us and establish order . 
  which he did when he landed near novgorod . 
  then his brother ( presumably ) , oleg was the one who moved the capital to kiev . 
  historians believe that the cradle of the slavic race is somewhere around modern ukraine or belarus , that is true , but since then slavs have moved east and west . 
  russia is the largest slavic country , but today it is very much a multi ethnic , multicultural and multi faith country , where not only slavs can call themselves russian . 
  also , i 'll just throw that out there since you like history and greatness of empires throughout it : filofey of pskov in 1510 wrote to grand duke vasili iii about muscovy `` two romes have fallen . 
  the third stands . 
  and there will be no fourth . 
  no one shall replace your christian tsardom ! '', 
  a lot of western people will be eating hats tomorrow it seems . 
  so the baltic times photo shopped an image on one of their news articles ? 
  i 'd be worried about their credibility as a media source then . 
  any source that can confirm this news report is credible , or do we just trust `` the baltic times '' ? 
  nothing like ethnic cleansing to amuse you huh ? 
  globalbeat_minnesota , cryogenically frozen during the height of the cold war , is reawakened in 2014 . 
  this summer , tune in for ... `` cold warrior '' if he ca n't drag the future into the past , he sure can drag the past into the future . 
  anyone who knows even a little about crimea knows that it 's always been overwhelmingly pro russian . 
  for everyone else , there 's this : http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/08/despite-concerns-about-governance-ukrainians-want-to-remain-one-country/pg-2014-05-08-ukraine-russia-1-02/, 
  [ egypt is buying 50 ka-52 helicopters from russia too . 
  ] ( http://lenta.ru/news/2015/09/23/mistral2/ ), 
  you too . 
  georgia did start the war in 2008 by shelling south ossetia . 
  it 's a well known historical fact , acknowledged by the eu . 
  because there are real russian troops in crimea . 
  nothing like proudly breaching the ceasefire to kill civilians in your own country . 
  well done ukraine , you are getting closer and closer to europe by the day . 
  i did n't post either of those threads , so i do n't really see how it 's relevant to me . 
  but rock on . 
  i distinctly recall having conversations where the 60 million figure was thrown up over the past few months , you can choose to not believe me if you want of course . 
  ok , so you refuse to back it up , that 's fine . 
  i did n't say that he was one of the people to make those kind of statements , frankly , i do n't remember if he did make that statement about 60 million or not , i just provided an example of a number of people who did . 
  he raised the stalin issue , i commented on it . 
  what he was banned for was a history of various rule violations , not one specific comment . 
  i did n't downvote you for now , so do you care to back up that statement with examples ? 
  not at all . 
  i know full well that stalin is responsible for millions of deaths and millions more ruined lives . 
  i have relatives who were repressed . 
  i am anti revolution and anti communism because my family actually lived through the whole bloody century in the country where it happened . 
  so if you think i glorify stalin or his regime , you are sorely mistaken . 
  and what people get banned for is continuously breaking the rules , which , amongst other things , includes repeatedly spreading misinformation such as `` stalin killed 60 million people , stalin killed more people than hitler '' etc. 
  i personally , think that it 's disrespectful to the people who were actually repressed and who suffered to lump them into some ridiculous claim which states that stalin killed 1/3 of the population of soviet union . 
  it 's stupid , it 's uninformed , it 's downright ridiculous . 
  but we still do n't ban people for just statements like that , because everyone can be mistaken . 
  we ban people for repeated violations , and in your case it was not only spreading misinformation , but also posting russophobic comments , trolling and other toxic behaviour . 
  go have a look and you will see that we get plenty of posts criticising russia , criticising ussr , criticising anything else you can think of . 
  the difference is , those posters mostly remain respectful to others , even when disagreeing , stick to facts and conduct themselves in a civil manner . 
  i can ban you if you want . 
  i 'd have to unban you first though . 
  anyway , always humorous to see your deranged ramblings . 
  dude , you 're obsessed . 
  your ad hominem is just as pathetic as your knowledge of history . 
  you seem to have deleted your rant , but i saw it and this is what i tried to reply before you deleted it : see , that 's exactly the kind of behaviour that you were banned for . 
  we had a discussion about this and you even admitted that you deserved all the warnings you got and promised to rein it in in the future . 
  but you did n't . 
  you kept insulting users and mods , calling everyone a kremlinbot , badmouthing our sub without ever contributing anything but arguments . 
  you posted for a long time and by the end it turned into russophobic drivel , you were given countless warnings and a few temporary bans about it but you continued nevertheless . 
  all you did was post political attacks at russia and did not contribute in any other way . 
  as for vigorous being racist to you , i really do n't recall such thing , certainly did not see any reports like that . 
  it would be unusual for a canadian to be racist to a british person . 
  i think i recall him being rude to you and you being rude to him , but personal insults are not really something we ban people for unless it gets really nasty and out of hand , so neither of you got disciplined for it . 
  i really do n't recall myself circle jerking with vigorous and i ca n't remember the last time i mentioned iraq , but ok .
