  i 'm talking about great patriotic war , which is ussr 's war with germany . 
  it was pre war in that sense . 
  but yes , it was after the start of ww2 . 
  baltics did n't decide to join , they were forced to join by first accepting soviet troops and then having their government exiled and false elections being conducted to join ussr . 
  it was n't a joint military operation . 
  there was an agreement whereby each country gets their allocated territory , but there were 2 separate invasions , and yes , 2 weeks apart . 
  and yes , germany started ww2 , not ussr . 
  ussr invaded poland after the start of ww2 . 
  they are not denying that ussr pressured baltics to join , they are saying that they do n't consider it occupation post war as the countries already joined in 1940 . 
  two separate events , pre war and post war . 
  these were also covered by the secret protocols . 
  yes , these are known historical facts . 
  not only the pact , but also the secret protocols . 
  that whole article is a good example of a strawman argument . 
  the court ruled that the blogger breached the law by suggesting ussr started ww2 , contrary to historical facts and nuremberg trials . 
  the article then suggests that the court ruled that ussr did not invade poland and continues to refute this point ( which was never made by the court ) . 
  it 's common knowledge in russia that ussr did invade poland by the way , the fact is neither officially denied nor is it absent from history books . 
  speaking of which : `` the united states army turned to reinhard gehlen previously in the wehrmacht for assistance . 
  [ 13 ] the west german intelligence formed agency 114 ( german : dienststelle 114 ) within the gehlen organization ; headed by alfred benzinger ( a nazi abwehrpolizei ) , who in 1956 launched a coordinated action to move the blame away from the war criminals under various investigations . 
  benzinger adopted the deliberately ambiguous , loaded phrase `` polish death camps '' in the mid 1960s in order to suggest , contrarily to the facts , that poles , not germans , were responsible for the mass genocide during world war ii . '', 
  there 's a russian `` leak '' organisation called b0ltai , they have leaked some pretty interesting content , including strelkov 's emails and medvedev 's emails . 
  technically , russians , ukrainians and belorussians are all rus people , so you can say that . 
  most of us have relatives from all 3 countries , so what 's the difference ? 
  there really is no problem with staging scenes and shooting artistic photos . 
  the problem is that the photographer claimed that the photo was not staged and he just happened to capture a moment with soldiers carrying their friend away from an explosion with a baby stroller in the shot . 
  they did gain independence after the first chechen war . 
  they quickly turned into an islamic caliphate and then invaded dagestan , which is a part of russia . 
  so they were defeated in the second chechen war , leading to a peace deal with some of their leaders like akhmad kadyrov and an agreement to return to being a part of russian federation . 
  the foreign jihadists were then expelled or killed . 
  currently , the vast majority are happy about being a part of russia and there are n't that many separatists left hiding out in the mountains and forests . 
  there 's one mistake on the map . 
  the ukrainian territory in the middle suggests that there was a ukrainian state back then . 
  it 's actually the hetmanate , a part of polish-lithuanian commonwealth which was taken away with russian help . 
  it became a part of russian tsardom , although it did exercise a lot of autonomy . 
  a ukrainian state only began to exist in 1991 when ussr fell apart . 
  were a part of the russian state in its various forms until 1991 when ukraine began to exist as an independent country . 
  yeah , that would be right , peter introduced many reforms , including military . 
  russia and poland have had rivalries for hundreds of years . 
  actually they did pretty good , even putting their puppet on russian throne back when they were a european power to rival russia . 
  but yeah , sometimes russia was the one on the offensive , mostly won those too , but not always !, 
  seeing how every time european countries attacked russia in the past , they got fucked up hard , you sure seem cocky . 
  especially for a german lol . 
  any examples of this happening or are you just repeating propaganda like a champ ? 
  i know that i know what it is . 
  well , there 's the ad hominem . 
  citations for undisputed historical facts ? 
  it 's kinda hard , you ignore russian and ukrainian citations , and apart from these no one really cares about bandera . 
  you are not gon na find him mentioned in many western historical books because he is not considered significant enough . 
  there are probably some polish sources out there , but there 's a language barrier . 
  the fact is , he was always held as a `` vip '' political prisoner , a potential asset so to speak . 
  he was released by nazis while they were still in power and he stayed in nazi germany . 
  after all , he shared a nationalistic vision with the nazis , little did he know they considered him a subhuman as well . 
  here is a good analysis of the effects he has had on lives of many who perished from upa : http://www.kp.ru/daily/26177.5/3066718/ btw no ad hominem towards kp , focus on what 's being said , not who said it . 
  here 's another analysis of his political views : http://www.nybooks.com/daily/2010/02/24/a-fascist-hero-in-democratic-kiev/ at the end of the day , he lived like a dog and died like a dog . 
  are you being serious right now ? 
  it 's a commonly known historical fact . 
  bandera worked for the nazis before his imprisonment , and after . 
  do n't shoot the messenger !, 
  funnily enough , i do n't think i 've even heard about any of these stories apart from the flag and plane . 
  it was posted on azov 's youtube channel and then swiftly deleted . 
  sharij did a video on it a while ago iirc . 
  and i 'm not a russian nationalist , wtf lol . 
  there 's alternative media in russia , not many take it seriously , but it 's there . 
  i still do n't know what any of this has to do with either nazism , stalinism or great patriotic war . 
  video of azov burning the dutch flag was real btw  anyway , long live assad , peace out . 
  you ca n't make sense of a wall of text by skimming over it without reading it ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  putin made russia a good country once again after the 90s . 
  your wet dreams of another russian revolution may well be the only sexual gratification in your life , but it wo n't happen in reality . 
  just like syria will not fall to jihadist rabble . 
  cool , i have a stalker . 
  bit weird with the offtopic comment which i did n't read but ok . 
  the fact remains that half your nation would have been killed if red army did not triumph . 
  most likely more than half actually , as you no doubt know the original plan was to only deport jews , but we all know how german plans evolve over time . 
  you ca n't pick and choose , you either acknowledge both the good and the bad or you do n't worry about either . 
  focusing on only one side of the story only proves prejudice . 
  overdid it with the stroller , too cheesy . 
  otherwise looks cool . 
  do n't forget about ussr saving you from your fate under generalplan ost though . 
  once that is remembered , you can focus on how ussr wronged you , but not before . 
  you are a wise man and we need more people with your mindset in governments all over the world . 
  there is still no permission to attack the country . 
  the thing was passed under guise of a no fly zone , then this paragraph was used to justify something it can only cover if you really stretch it . 
  iirc the resolution was to establish a no fly zone , not bomb the country . 
  and you are living proof that abortions should be considered from time to time . 
  no one is being fucked over . 
  do n't throw rocks at russia and you wo n't get bricked in return . 
  please collect your rifle and lead the charge . 
  ukraine does n't have any crimea troops though . 
  and japan surrendered on 15 august . 
  a lot of the japanese elites wanted to end the war before all that too , but the bombings and their defeat in manchuria convinced the rest that it was time . 
  one of the decisive factors in japanese surrender was the swift soviet victory in manchuria after all . 
  and we know it 's true because one angry guy said so !, 
  `` berlinger special ag conducts its own regular reappraisals of its doping kits , and also has its products tested and verified by an independent institute that has been duly certificated by the swiss authorities . 
  in neither its own tests nor any tests conducted by the independent institute in switzerland has any sealed berlinger special ag urine sample bottle proved possible to open . 
  this also applies to the `` sochi 2014 '' sample bottle model . '', 
  speaking of crimea , ca n't wait to go there for a holiday in a few years when it 's developed to first world standard . 
  last time i 've been was in 1989 , shame it did n't really improve since then until it finally reunited with its motherland . 
  a few years of weak sanctions are so worth returning your land back where it belongs forever . 
  and then once oil bounces back and the money is available , can work on developing south ossetia and prednistrovye and allowing them to ascend to the federation .
