  putin killed him !, 
  well mao and hitler at the very least are way ahead of him . 
  at least one example of a fake please or take your words back and admit you are wrong . 
  he was a ukrainian journalist before people in power fabricated a criminal case against him . 
  russia is not really at a beggar level tbh , especially not the government , there are massive projects happening all the time . 
  the videos are of prominent western personalities , a eu politician , an american academic and another eu politician . 
  next link is talking about the euro , not the eu . 
  so you found one video which can be described as rt pushing the idea of eu collapse , even then it 's a quote from a polish dude . 
  compared to pretty frequent articles about russia going broke from random western `` journalists '' . 
  you proved my point . 
  also , uk actually did leave the eu , so one side would at least have some basis in reality for the claims :d, 
  you have to by default , i am not the one making retarded allegations . 
  last honest ukrainian journalist . 
  link plz . 
   tartar [ tartar ] ( http://media.dish.allrecipes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/102725969-cream-of-tartar-photo-by-meredith-resized.jpg ), 
  exactly , it was under bush that saakashvili was given the green light to attack south ossetia , but then was quickly abandoned and humiliated in defeat . 
  ca n't have shariy winning too many cases in accordance with the law . 
  thus ends the separation of powers in ukraine . 
  stalin and hitler numbers are way off . 
  stalin is definitely not 2nd even if you count indirect deaths . 
  care to justify your insult ? 
  it 's a fact , ukraine is very poor , even compared to russia . 
  your fat president was boasting about getting written off hummers during the last parade iirc . 
  this year your villagers were pushing elderly people around in kiev . 
  i do n't know if it was all remembering or dancing but it was pretty silly . 
  -40 can be pretty refreshing !, 
  they went above and beyond , straight to the 1930s !, 
  yeah lol , russophobic culture has pretty much adopted the sovok mentality , so ironic . 
  looks pretty cool , like a history of russia with dance and fireworks etc. 
  i do n't know why you posted an irrelevant video though if you understand yourself that this is not for victory day . 
  i just explained how victory day is celebrated , so how you picture it is clearly wrong . 
  i 'd imagine ukraine celebrates it in a similar way , but a lot poorer of course . 
  date for russian bankruptcy keeps being pushed further and further away it seems . 
  `` it has n't existed for hundreds of years '' means that it has now been hundreds of years since it existed , better catch up on that english . 
  yea , i mean it 's been hundreds of years since it broke apart , perhaps the wording was confusing . 
  i think people who put stickers on their cars are pretty simple in general , no matter what sticker it is . 
  got a video on the twerking , sounds hot ? 
  neither of these is a way to commemorate the event , normally we just have parades , armor expo , historical reenactments , tents selling snacks etc. 
  great day out for the family , highly recommended . 
  it does n't matter at all because the country has n't existed for hundreds of years . 
  yeah , our aristocrats loved to speak french . 
  it was n't an official language , of course , but yeah . 
  one country , yeah , do note which word comes first in the name of that country , the nationality of the king , the fact that a leader of one part is a king and another is a duke , which was the official language etc etc. 
  it 's hard to miss , we have an annual holiday to commemorate the event . 
  that 's ok , we still won crimean war , just took us a long time , 
  that was poland , you guys were like their sheepherders or something . 
  germany still remembers the last time is all  france forgot it seems . 
  ukraine does n't care about anything lately , especially self dignity . 
  i just hope more and more normal ukrainians who have self respect immigrate to russia and leave the shit show behind , they do n't deserve this type of conditions . 
  yeah , absolutely , and russian federation retained this multiculturalism aspect , which is great . 
  the ribbon has nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  i fucking detest this sovok bullshit and it saddens be greatly to see people who are practically of the same culture , history and ethnicity as me act this retarded . 
  and to see dumb ass nazi glorifying villagers take over the great city of kiev . 
  it 's been used for centuries , prior to ussr . 
  no , freedom is slashing tyres , totalitarian censorship and setting your country back 20 years . 
  every step ukraine takes it gets closer and closer to 1930s ussr . 
  yeah lol these people are so pathetic . 
  closet nazi supporters by the sound of it . 
  well , out of the closet in ukraine now . 
  you drink water and stalin drank water , therefore you like stalin . 
  not surprising for democratic people 's republic of ukraine though . 
  lol what does it have to do with soviet union ? 
  fair enough , i would n't be surprised . 
  is there a picture of him getting arrested ? 
  not saying it did n't happen , but there are a number of pictures and none of him being arrested , surely that would be the one to snap ? 
  do i though ? 
  `` thank you porosh , may i have another ? '', 
  pretty pathetic that there are people brainfucked enough to even accept this humiliation from their government . 
  the start is enemy at the gates level of badhistory . 
  not sure about experiments on the brain either , or collection of tags to make bodies unidentifiable . 
  deportations and mistreatment of prisoners were obviously real , so the video does have some basis in reality . 
  bit of bs , bit of truth , poor effort overall . 
  which one is banned ? 
  i know there 's one which posts children 's personal details online , run by that fat pig gerashenko , but are there others ? 
  awesome , i can see a lot of potential there . 
  so 90s , love it . 
  hahahaha , sorry little buddy , better luck in the next quiz . 
  trouble admitting your lack of knowledge or trouble refraining from discussing subjects you know nothing about ? 
  or both ? 
  they invaded south ossetia and were pushed back . 
  pretty reasonable and restrained response actually . 
  south ossetia and abkhazia have been independent since early 90s , and the 08 war in south ossetia was started by georgia . 
  it 's like talking to a child , 
  what was wrong with georgia ? 
  yeah . 
  so many homeless in us cities though , i do n't think i 've ever seen that many anywhere in europe . 
  yet you see them everywhere in us and hardly any in russia , i 'm talking about cities at least . 
  woah , legendary track , sadface :(, 
  yeah , got away pretty lightly in the war , must have been nice not to be a part of the generalplan . 
  well , we won , whether you like it or not , and obviously soviets were better than nazis , your race still exists after all . 
  i saw a lot more homeless people in usa than i did in russia . 
  more probably freeze to death in russian winter , so that might affect it , but there ya go . 
  that 's the name of the eastern front of the european theatre . 
  we can call it what we want actually , we won it , 
  lol we do every year . 
  i would n't speak too loudly , denmark was an ally of hitler . 
  that 's right , that 's why it 's such an important victory for us , it was a prevention of extermination of our entire nation . 
  victory day is not about someone else 's victory , it 's about the soviet victory . 
  an enemy attacked a country , that enemy was repelled and defeated . 
  that 's the essence of this holiday , it 's not about ww2 , it 's not about fighting in africa , it 's not about pacts , it 's not about occupations .
