  because communism is a theoretical utopian ideal which has never been achieved in history . 
  ussr government was socialist , but is commonly called communist , thus the quotes . 
  stalinist apologist ? 
  i hate stalin , just like i hate the `` communist '' government of ussr . 
  but feel free to continue imagining things . 
  only i never said that and you just made it up , 
  russia is pretty multiracial , but still predominately slavic . 
  who came up with this ? 
  even today , after the recent events , russian is by far the most widely spoken language in ukraine . 
  come on , at least do n't fool yourself , this whole rebellion has always been about building a glorious caliphate and killing infidels , with a few useful idiots tagging along believing it 's about something else . 
  no wonder it did n't take long for most members of more secular groups to join up with aq and co. 
   all non-islamists and non-assadists sides were soon shoved from the spotlight into obscurity that 's kinda telling of how small and irrelevant this segment of the rebellion always was . 
  how come the majority of syrians support assad , mainly sunnis too ? 
  maybe they pictured elections under jihadists . 
  another country which received a helping hand started isis , do n't forget . 
  third time 's the charm , maybe if assad is removed , we can finally awaken cthulhu . 
  assad has wmds , case closed , mission accomplished !, 
  continue the tradition , boris , will it be a vial of sarin or the last incubator hospital in aleppo this time ? 
  i agree . 
  i still saw plenty of people voicing their condolences , so it 's not all that bad . 
  the other ones , well , they must lead very sad lives if this is what makes them happy . 
  people like this should never be released into the world again . 
  worst thing is , the punishment is not even a deterrent for them . 
  there is a breaking point where people will accept a police state and surrender of freedoms if it increases safety . 
  you are right , it 's been happening for a while and it will continue to happen . 
  yeah . 
  all kinds of depressing . 
  it probably should n't make a difference , but that just made me feel even worse . 
  he does n't get the easy way out at least , he will be prosecuted and will have to live with his actions . 
  whether he will ever realise what he has done remains to be seen . 
  that 's true enough . 
  i guess it 's just been on the increase these last few years , which is pretty depressing . 
  case in point , every time i get off the train to work i walk through crowds and the thought constantly pops into my head that people who died in the attacks were just walking like this on their everyday routine when it happened . 
  never had these thoughts before until this became a common occurrence . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  shitty times indeed . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  condolences . 
  what a shit day . 
  did china collapse and go through 10 years of anarchy and civil war recently ? 
  lack of empathy is a sign of psychopathy , so i 'd get that checked out . 
  something which is probably less known by people outside ukraine or russia , ukrainians are very creative , particularly very musical . 
  a huge amount of modern popular music in russia is by ukrainian artists . 
  i 've never heard your made up story anywhere , even saakashvili did n't dare make that much bullshit up . 
  it was simple , georgia attacked south ossetia and killed russian peacekeepers , russia kicked georgia 's ass and told it to behave . 
  that is all . 
  saakash is now wanted in georgia for corruption , which is telling . 
  build a bridge . 
  do n't dwell on the past too much bud . 
  got ta love pretending that calculations using us dollars are representative of anything in russia . 
  you guys must be twice as lazy as us !, 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ukraine/unemployment-rate, 
  haha , you know well enough working at olgino counts as employment !, 
  that 's alright , i 'd rather be lazy than unemployed , 
  most tatars and ukrainians in crimea also prefer russia though . 
  but even if it was 30 % , clearly they would have lost anyway . 
  results were representative so who cares ? 
  it does n't matter who land belonged to at some point in the past . 
  all that matters is who lives on the land now and what they want . 
   pro-ukrainian crowds outnumbered pro-russian it 's like maidan , being unemployed gives you plenty of time to protest . 
  invaded parts of georgia ? 
  south ossetia and abkhazia have been de facto independent since early 90s . 
  and in the '08 war , georgia was the aggressor , so it would be a bit silly to impose sanctions on russia for keeping the peace . 
  exactly , a quick and bloodless solution is always preferable . 
  the promised sea :d, 
  i did n't remove it . 
  georgia actually did shell south ossetia though . 
  we remove multiple posts on the same subject , the top post that day was about the protests , there was no need for another 10 posts on the same subject . 
  it 's not censorship , it 's keeping things tidy . 
  no , consume information only after it 's been processed by msm , stay away from raw data , it can make your head hurt . 
  like shelling a city for no reason , amirite ? 
  lenta , ria , even rt reported it . 
  i dunno about domestic tv channels . 
  pretty small in moscow . 
  navalny should have gone with the park suggestion , would probably last longer and he would n't have been arrested . 
  i 'm just joking , they could be from anywhere for all i know . 
  which state media did n't report it ? 
  it 's hard to go on the streets of moscow if you 're watching periscope in kiev . 
  yeah , laughable , as much credibility to it as melting steel beams . 
  as i said , the land belongs to people who live on that land . 
  the land belongs to people who live on that land , and certainly not to nationalistic gopniks from lvov or unemployed students from kiev . 
  it 's victory day . 
  we celebrate victory and remember those who gave their lives to achieve it . 
  there 's nothing disrespectful about it . 
  churkin was a true patriot though , and loyal to the government , why would someone kill him ? 
  nah , this is just how people like him make a living . 
  that 's what i said . 
  rich , like raywilliamjohnson !, 
  i did n't delete it , must have been the ~ ~ nazis ~ ~ mods . 
  there he was sitting in his cave when the phone rang : `` hi this is major kegebov , you come to me , i give passport , you go syria '' . 
  `` ok jackal , i 'll come , let 's meet at mcdonalds , infidel . '', 
  and so mugamed ended up in isis . 
  before or after he becomes a putin critic ? 
  business . 
  turbo ? 
  kinder ? 
  yay !, 
  did you watch latest prozhektorparishilton with milonov btw ? 
  lol , the circus has left , but the clowns remained . 
  but it 's the law , we ca n't make exceptions .
