  i think it was , russia is currently in a good form , although there was a bit of a drop in purchasing power over the past two years , but that 's a temporary phenomena . 
  what do you mean by baggage ? 
  after he is gone ? 
  maybe . 
  i guess it was heavily inspired by the war , but that is what makes it so grim . 
  i can only think of the civil war , ww2 and the 90s as the times it got worse temporarily from modern history . 
  alternatively , putin accelerated russia over the `` rough path '' stage so that it is already brightening . 
  completely different examples there . 
  kievan rus is a historically accepted predecessor to modern day states of russia , ukraine and belarus . 
  kievan rus came to exist when the capitol of rus was moved from novgorod to kiev . 
  massive difference between american style pizza and italian style pizza though . 
  i guess with pizza , it 's pretty popular and common worldwide , while shashlik is normally only common amongst various ethnic groups , russians being one of them . 
  so , like , i can cook some shashlik and give it to an american friend saying `` try this russian food '' and there 's a good chance he 's never tried it before . 
  oh lol , you wrote `` ethically '' so i thought maybe you were saying that you have different morals or something . 
  my guess is ethnic vampire then . 
  far east , for example , +30 in summer , -30 in winter . 
  really humid too . 
  never gets boring . 
  my guess is it would have more civil wars after chechnya , possibly even ethnic russian areas separating from each other . 
  a lot more criminality would have remained , like in the 90s . 
  definitely a lot more oligarch control . 
  poorer , less developed . 
  similar to modern ukraine perhaps . 
  i like the current lyrics , they are just patriotic , respectful to our land and our history and very positive and hopeful , without any negativity . 
  i do . 
  it 's been a highly popular dish in russia for over 100 years , it 's a default go to dish for many occasions . 
  depends i guess , discussions of religion can often turn into holy wars !, 
  what do you mean , ethically not the same ? 
  the music is the same , and the first line of the chorus is the same , rest is quite different . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_anthem_of_russia#official_lyrics ussr had 2 versions , 1944 and 1977 , and they were about communism , lenin , were militaristic , etc. 
  yeah , politics does that to people . 
  religion too , come to think of it . 
  kievan rus was a state which originated from oleg of novgorod when he conquered kiev from khazars . 
  russians expanded further and further east over history , yes , but it started as a state in the west . 
  you can still see it , plenty to see and do , most russians are pretty apolitical actually . 
  not me , i 'm political lol . 
  yeah , lol , thank goodness there 's distance between you and them sometimes though . 
  i like belvedere , which is probably the smoothest polish vodka that i 've tried but it 's still a fair bit behind beluga i think , not to mention the gold line . 
  which polish vodka do you like ? 
  you meet all sorts on the internet . 
  thanks , us russians love bringing joy !, 
  well , that 's the most obvious tell to a link between the two i guess . 
  yes , it 's the predecessor state to russia . 
  lol as if there is any controversy with this fact ? 
  with traditional russian surnames , just add an `` a '' at the end to make it female . 
  with the `` ski '' surnames , `` ski '' becomes `` skaya '' . 
  yeah , i was excited when i first saw the link , then quickly disappointed . 
  it was kinda like marriage , only i was also excited for a short time . 
  you are being silly . 
  ye olde proxy war huh ? 
  by russia i meant all past incarnations of russia i guess , including kievan rus , novgorod etc. 
  khazars likely held the land before that , yes . 
  it 's fake news , and crimea had no casualties at all unless you count a couple of military deaths caused by civilian arguments . 
  from my experience , all decent girls are clingy like that once you are in a relationship , while the ones who let you be are the ones who will cheat on you , no matter the nationality . 
   seen in photos posing as an unknown tourist/civilian next to ronald reagan the suggested guy does n't really look like him , like would n't even pass for a brother . 
  ukraine was a part of russia and then ussr until 1991 , so it 's still a russian dish i guess . 
  it did n't conclude it was shot down by russia though . 
  nice try , better luck next time . 
  did you see putin 's kgb thugs holding torchlight parades in kiev ? 
  mordor 's reach is long . 
  lol had a good laugh . 
  carry on jousting windmills , sir . 
  if you think there are people being paid by russia to post on reddit , i will have a good laugh at your expense . 
  none of that has anything to do with nationalism . 
  nationalism is considering your own race or nation above all others , something putin has never done . 
  putin is not a nationalist , many nationalist organisations were banned under putin . 
  if you want an example of a public figure who is a russian nationalist , alexei navalny is one . 
  ok , whatever helps you sleep at night . 
  `` after the fall of nazism , the wartime alliances ended and the cold war began . 
  numerous war criminals , protected by chancellor konrad adenauer , [ 11 ] [ 12 ] joined domestic counter-intelligence in order to spy on the soviet agents within the american-occupied zone . 
  the united states army turned to reinhard gehlen previously in the wehrmacht for assistance . 
  [ 13 ] the west german intelligence formed agency 114 ( german : dienststelle 114 ) within the gehlen organization ; headed by alfred benzinger ( a nazi abwehrpolizei ) , who in 1956 launched a coordinated action to move the blame away from the war criminals under various investigations . 
  benzinger adopted the deliberately ambiguous , loaded phrase `` polish death camps '' in the mid 1960s in order to suggest , contrarily to the facts , that poles , not germans , were responsible for the mass genocide during world war ii . 
  [ 14 ] '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%22polish_death_camp%22_controversy#operations_to_whitewash_german_responsibility_for_world_war_ii, 
  your country could too by following the minsk agreement . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  are you saying that refugees who live freely and with government support in russia is the same as jews being imprisoned and killed ? 
  quick work on godwin 's law too bud , 
  good luck with all that . 
  not sure about the nomination , but the election itself was always gon na be close , despite the polls . 
  le pen genuinely seems to have a lot less supporters than her opponents . 
  minsk agreements involved keeping the east a part of ukraine , that 's a start . 
  there 's a pretty low chance of her winning if that 's any comfort . 
  could he also be wanting his party to continue , even if he became too unpopular to lead it ? 
  well , it 's good that someone is . 
  perhaps you are right . 
  current ceasefire is working with relatively few casualties at least . 
  russia is taking in a lot of these displaced people though . 
  oh ok , thanks . 
  i 'm aware of that , i 'm talking about the incidents and the media coverage . 
  this is the first i hear of this , is it a repeat of last year when the news about assaults were suppressed for a few days ? 
  i know you spend all your free time posting anti russian stuff on reddit , but are you trying to argue that poroshenko is not corrupt here ? 
  not at all , every good and service is available , there 's no iron curtain , people are free to travel , it 's far from pre perestroika times . 
  but in a way , even those times were better than the 90s for most people . 
  inequality is a problem still , that is true , but it has gotten a lot better since the 90s as well , there is a middle class , small business opportunities exist , without danger of some local criminals taking your business away from you . 
  even little things , like cleaner streets and friendlier people , all that has changed for the better since the 90s . 
  compare today 's russia to 90s russia , there have been drastic changes for the better . 
  most people understand that it was n't the west that is responsible , the 90s are first and foremost a problem because of soviet and russian power brokers . 
  but western countries added fuel to the fire , that much is true . 
  nevertheless , the bulk of the problem was created by locals and is for the locals to solve , which has partially been achieved .
