does n't look like a trick , as i was able to complete the form as a ca n't presser ( or could it actually be on google forms ? 
  we , ca n't pressers , are proud of what are we , and firmly believe in our pride . 
  one of my train accounts got 3 sr and 5 r elis just from 2 first 10 +1 pulls . 
  wonder if it will be cursed with eli later . 
   horosho , 
  saki 3rd season . 
  not sure if i 'll ever see something more boring . 
  after really captivating 1st season and heartwarming 2nd season it was totally anticlimactic . 
  yes , i have read manga before , but thought it could be made in an interesting anime ... apparently not . 
  with those plot `` twists '' , that miraculously had absolutely no meaning , and characters trying to do something , you never know why , it well looked just like boring broadcast of a sport competition rather than an anime . 
  also , / u/thebutton inbox was blown up as well . 
  shirobako was definitely a blast , worse watching every minute ( personal opinion ) . 
  as for other recommendations , i 'd throw in baby steps 2nd season if you 're interested in everything about tennis from the view of rationalist - and definitely a good anime ; and nanoha vivid ( 4th season of nanoha ) , though here i 'm not that sure about quality ( figths are awesome , but a lot of characters seem not interesting ) . 
  also plastic memories looks like a good anime where you 'd want to cry a lot . 
  that [ feeling ] ( http://m.imgur.com/25kauup ) , when you was distracted at the start of the song and accidentally missed the first note . 
  the [ 8/8/8 war ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war ) also instantly comes to mind as being short and recent enough . 
  the millionth click seems to come about an hour earlier at this rate . 
  yeah , it slows a bit . 
  i do n't think that frames for less than 10 minutes are good for statistics because of such multiple clicks , but in 10 minutes it balances out . 
  it looks like 17 pressers in last 10 minutes though . 
  i also wonder if there will be pre-million rush . 
  upd : no , it almost balanced back to 25 . 
  the multiples of 25 still occur on the 6th minutes of ten . 
  we 'll see about surge , and it 's interesting to keep this prediction to estimate the surge , that will be . 
  got so convenient cold today , as it is midday of a working day here . 
  felt lucky with first-years scout on the en server , soloyolo 'd and here [ what i got !, 
  ] ( http://m.imgur.com/eslq47n )  seems like the theme is also appropriate timewise . 
  earlier got ur honoka for free ticket on one of jp starter sub-accounts which is n't bad either . 
  aoi hana ( noone yet , seriously ), 
  nanoha strikers . 
  skip beat . 
  not exactly doing `` something '' with computer , but refusing to use internet at all ( sick !, 
  ) , because it 's evil ( omg ) . 
  not sure if this is in any way typical . 
  inertia of mentality . 
  christianity become so commonplace of thinking over centuries , that it does n't make any difference if the person is intellectual , they are just following common habit . 
  being intellectual and having ability of thinking out of the box are different things . 
  that 's what all haters say . 
  it 's more like eastern europe as a whole , including russia , is one of the worst regions demographically , whether some of the countries of it doing better or worse . 
  this industrial base is what falling in russia with most speed in the latest months with plants closing and going bankrupt . 
  and in the previous years as well . 
  mostly because russian government is unable to manage industry . 
  one of the reason is that science and education were boosted due to the cold war after the end of world war ii . 
  with science and education in steep decline now though russia may lose a lot of this soon though . 
  only 2 years - 2013 and 2014 . 
  it 's very likely , that it wo n't have anymore as mortality is on the rise again since introduction of sanctions and further decline of medical services . 
  also it is unbalanced - the biggest growth comes from the northern caucases republics and the rest of the territory declines at comparable rate to other countries of east europe . 
  i do n't have fear of the dark , but when i 'm in the dark room at night , usually at home , i fear when i see small lights through the window ( either lamps themselves , including distant but bright enough to see or something reflected brightly enough in the windows of the opposite house ) . 
  this applies only to artificial lights , stars do n't scare me . 
  the fear is irrational , like unexplainable danger , and i always try to squueze myself and turn lights on as soon as possible . 
  what would happen realistically though , is russia declining any response to mh-17 tribunal decision , probably ( ? ), 
  more sanctions to really slowly cutting down russian economy , which in their turn affect primarily poor people of russia , no riots in russia , since russian police and special forces against riots were built by putin and they are strong and properly brainwashed , and it will take years in the end , which will satisfy nobody . 
  eventually europe will find way to get rid of dependence on russian oil and gas , which will take about 15-20 years ( tell me if it will be quicker :( ) , and putin will become really old at that time , though he may come with a suitable successor ( someone like volodin , who may be even worse ) , but in the end this is the only thing that can bring russian plutocracy down , though what it will lead to , is almost impossible to predict . 
  whoever did it , they were incited with russian government ideology , especially as it is russian buk , that shot the plane . 
  the ideology in question comes and being supported by russian government directly , and quite in a totalitarist manner ( while society is not regulated in totalitarian manner yet , what comes from the government , is regulated ) . 
  whatever ideas go into the propaganda , is being decided directly by putin , governed either by plutocratic intents , `` political '' intents , fear , madness or whatever , but there 's no doubt that ideology comes from the very top . 
  there may or may not have been enough control in how it affected this particular atrocity , but the propaganda intent is too obvious in taking only a single side of things . 
  directly or indirectly , but this is premeditated murder . 
  whom to believe is a philosophical question . 
  i believe that independent work , geotagging the path of buk in question , is independent and reliable indeed and proving russian origin of the buk . 
  but only history will give exact answer . 
  however , existence of plutocratic russian propaganda ca n't be denied . 
  may be actually allergies ? 
  food prices rise in russia mainly attributes to those food , which is either imported or use imported ingredients in productions . 
  anti-sanctions introduces by russia does n't especially help the cause , since a lot of local food production is ruined ( not all though ) in 90s , and did n't come back since then . 
  they have to look for import alternatives , yes , south america or china , but since currency drop it still increases prices . 
  cheese prices rise are notable , even though it 's produced locally , they still have to import ingredients , not sure which , sorry . 
  besides , machinery production practically stopped in whole russia , so while effecf is not immediate , as they just use old machines , any maintenance or replacing now costs more . 
  machinery production ( not car production , but all machinery in broad sense , meaning all those used in food production for example ) stopped not due to sanctions - it is still consequences of 90s and country mismanagement by the federal noobs . 
  car industry is still somewhat protected by import taxes . 
  but this means that whenever food producers need mechanical support , they would import their mechanisms more than often ( and exceptions would confirm the rule ) , or struggle with soviet-era oldies if they managed to get their hands on ones . 
  actually russians know and love chinese stuff for quite a bit already - especially since times it was all so cheaper then western stuff . 
  i 'm not sure why importers do n't import so much from china , but it 's different for common people , when they look for clothes for example , looking to battle their low income , it 's either ordering via ebay/aliexpress from china , or imports from turkey or other asian countries , thaf are sold on flea markets . 
  as for importing machinery from china now - it 's the same effect : yuan is staying strong towards usd , and ruble dropped relatively to yuan as well , so they 'll have the same setbacks . 
  actually think venezuela . 
  and already long ago . 
  it looks like the popcorn is over . 
  the `` offending '' page now gives 403 error at least for my russian isp . 
  if it really was regionally blocked for russia , rskn would reverse their ruling on blocking reddit tomorrow ( today by russian time ) . 
  edit : timezone . 
  update : looks like they already did . 
  that page now gives 403 error in russia . 
  edit : downvoter , care to explain ? 
  or just paid kremlin troll ? 
  while the videos themselves might be not fakes , the descriptions of them - dates , places and who bomb who can be easily faked . 
  the sad truth of the war is that propaganda of blaming the other side in was atrocities is widely used by both sides now , to the point of becoming a warfare in its own sense . 
  it 's really difficult to determine who is more right about atrocities at this stage , especially as there are substantial amount of confirmed cases , where separatists bomb their own civilian districts , trying to stage this as ukraine bombing . 
  and now the very same separatists shell schastye almost daily , with civilians being killed quite often . 
  i honestly do n't understand , where 's the wtf in here . 
  it is a slightly changed phrase , used in an old game of testing double translation from one language and then back to original language ( namely russian - english - russian from what i remember ) . 
  if you 'll take present day russia , i 'd say yes , homophobia is much worse shame now . 
  the thing is , while there are still stalin supporters , they are not widely accepted , most people accomodated those black pages of history for what they were and moved on . 
  but if you 'd hear what russian homophobes say , how widespread is homophobia , how easily they repeat ludicrous lies about lgbt , how literally nationwide looking down , beating and even killing lgbts ( or at least just denying them homes ) is taken as perfectly normal , this is real shame . 
  i 'd say though , that the real shame of present day russia is the joke of the federal government . 
  bursting homophobia in the country is only one of their activities . 
  total lack of educated specialists , even allergy to them , nominal parlament , tons of fabricated political court rulings , etc. 
  this government is without future , but will stay while protected by the military . 
  did i mention the luxury they use while quarter of the population is in poverty , and half of the territories ( mainly northern/siberian though ) do not provide all of the basic home services . 
  i may recommend something other than books , but in the same situation it worked for me : nanoha franchise , and a vast ( and pretty good ) fanfiction related . 
  maybe putting brazil in africa and diminishing it is a bit too much , but i would n't be too surprised if these were some genuine comments from russians ( being russian myself ) .
