ofcourse he wasnt great , maybe not even good but in my eyes he was just better from at least 2 of his predecessors . 
  i am definitely against color or gender justification . 
  maybe he was more passive or quiet than the rest , but still , not starting a war gives many points . 
  nevertheless , do n't we consider obama on of the best they had in many years ? 
  see that haters ? 
  that 's how our industry rules !!!, 
  greece into space !, 
  we were fighting fascism , many italians were against the war also . 
  it is really important to mention as it is mentioned on the title , this day is remember as the decision to fight against fascism even when the odds are overwhelmingly against you . 
  although the war started with italians , metaxas really focused on mussolini , honoring the italians that helped greece and fought for her on the independence war . 
  fun fact # 2 : greece second and last national holiday is also about a declaration of war . 
  hehe , many prefer kebab over gyros , its up to personal taste :d, 
  gyros is pork , kebab is usually lamb . 
  we have also one thats from chicken ( i like that better ) . 
  it show people based on their place of birth but on modern days countries , just to put geographically . 
  do n't bother much about it . 
  fun fact , he is shown as greek :d, 
  yea fairly so , but i remember how often we hide behind their shadow for every reason . . false over pride that ruins . . 
  wait until you see mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk on greece ... :d, 
  you know you are fucked up as a country when all the best is some millenniums old . . 
  i do understand their gravity and contribution , but still nothing from modern era . . 
  brotherly love is hard, 
  / u/ntebis we love you bro !, 
  how is the connection between the scandinavians and the slavic people ? 
  goverment taxation is one of the most important factors for business . 
  if so i misunderstood and i apologize . 
  wow , for real ? 
  greece pass through a bottomless crisis in a short time period were things keep changing for the worst and will keep going that way , and for all this it is unimportant since they are `` richer '' than bulgarians and romanians ? 
  diet is supreme , problem is that people do not follow it . 
  for some reasons , was in the news also , greece has increased obesity problems . 
  i do not know if the crisis has something to do it with it . 
  sighs . . 
  i personally thought many times that kung fu and all asian martial arts could be greek in root . 
  greeks with alexander reached india and with hellenization they introduced among others pankration , which is the first recorded school/organised teaching of martial arts . 
  chinese martial arts are said to be established later on by an indian monk . 
  dates check out . 
  anyhow , this is something i have in my mind and i wanted to express , there are no evidence of this and might just be something stupid , so plz dont take it seriously . 
  how do the citizens of gibraltar , spain and uk feel about this ? 
  no , i am on their side . 
  they play it smart while our government sucks . 
  so frankly kudos to them . 
  thousands of business moved to bulgaria and rightfully so . 
  i am glad to hear bulgaria is advancing . 
  can confirm one seen once an old woman disposing her dog 's feces in a square . 
  its pretty disgusting . 
  we do drink it slowly , coffee is something to keep you company through along task , but not for a whole day :d, 
  i am pretty sure greece is high enough . 
  coffee + cigarettes = national fashion accessories visible to most individuals :d, 
  yes it could , but its possibly due to summer . 
  part time jobs are easier to find with tourism blooming , so doing a statistics then it 's good for government to present it as fruits of labor . . 
  desperation calls for extreme actions , its going to be quite enjoyous and sad to see the next election results . 
  in general we feel there is an imminent prejudice , mistrust but most of all a discrimination from some eu countries against greece . 
  it is natural considering the amounts and resources spent on propaganda against the greeks in order to justify their actions . 
  although generalizations are not good , i take it we felt something like that . 
  nevertheless / r/europe is always cool with us and i am glad with it , finding refugee in a international community :d, 
  ionians on the other hand . . 
  i have never heard of this guy , i am sure if this becomes popular people will openly complain and take his side . 
  i was n't expected something like this from our government . 
  truth is that they should have reacted more `` angrily '' years ago . 
  you do realize that the ottomans were based on a small nomadic tribe and the empire is basically most of the local population that converted to islam , right ? 
  i see your point . 
  i think that is a fail part of education . 
  been a good professional does n't make you a good person . 
  i dont want to comfuse it with the need of them to stay neither with the whole diversity . 
  but if they get educated in west they can plant a better seed when they go back . 
  lack of education and increasing discrimination is a perfect way to send them towards radicalization . 
  this is what people do not understand . 
  perfect example of how you attract that which you fear . 
   if the babies end up unemployed in greece the first problem is how to afford to raise them , not if they find a job :d, 
  yea , that word , thank you . 
  can they ask from a higher authority ? 
  imagine the sweet irony . . 
  chances increase if stalin 's middle name is lazarus . 
  looks awesome and badass . 
  10/10 would recommend for global domination, 
  seems like our ministry of tourism is the only thing that works appropriately . 
  people used to avoid taxes for greed , now you avoid taxes to survive . 
  let us also thank all the euro bros that assisted for our liberation . 
  and let us all remember and praise our bond , even though the times are dark and there are ambiguous and conflicting thoughts about us ; we love and thank you all . 
  many banners and flags were raised for the cause , the official flag was established later on . 
  aaah , sorry i misunderstood . 
  i thought those weird brands that are with the most caffeine ,, 
  man , i need to try these . 
  i do n't think we have these here :(, 
  depends on the coffee , we are talking about espresso or filterish ones ? 
  i am trying to stay at 3 espressos per day , but i would say 2 espressos would be a good average . 
  as a greek i can not understand that . 
  while we can enjoy and keep our coffee for a long time ( + + ) we drink way too much of it . 
  either from cafes or at home . 
  how are we so low ? 
  hey , we got 25 of those babies . 
  thank you deutschland sempai . 
  crisis aside , we love your arms , especially those leopards 2 a6 . 
  together we can do a pretty awesome blitzgreek . 
  with turks of the west , maybe . 
  besides turkey was based on the ruins of the byzantine empire , go figure why there are common elements, 
  our coat of arms , minimalism before it was cool ? 
  this is how turkey plays ball , all or nothing in every front for a long time . 
  it is kind of funny but same time scary . 
  ehhh what ?
