  and sadly its completely left out of hollywood , we could see some epic stuff . 
  u/petique / is from serbia mentioning greece and you comment about bulgaria . 
  well at least you are still on the balkans , that 's something . 
  without greece = woman without curves . 
  all hail our glorious union !!, 
  remember to apply sunscreen . 
  this is very interesting as the ionians were the greek tribe that was in asia minor and therefore had earlier contacts with people from the east . 
  totally different with the west . 
  left terrorism and fascists made it the same color as them , that of piss . . 
  well if crimea is a problem you can always give it back to us ... along with some hundreds of billions for debt plz . 
  these would provide epic motorbike helmet designs . 
  particular guy puts a special tone in his way of talking . 
  its not quite right , probably trying to imitate something to make it more fun . 
  20years ? 
  i remember him losing his throne so i thought it was something short . 
  thank you for the info . 
  damn harald 's saga could be an epic tv series setting , and the whole varangian guard part . 
  i expect rivalry with george maniakes ending on bromance , these 2 guys were epic . 
  sucks they both failed to become kings/emperors . 
  something like that i think will reinforce greek and german relationships . 
  greeks feel eu ( ger ) has hurt us too much during crisis and while media keep saying that everytime turkey violates the border it violates european borders , people dont feel eu would back up in a military intervention . 
  double headed eagle is strong in my orthodox countries due to the byzantine legacy . 
  we got [ this ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-u4a-fvdhwsu/u8pafdbzjxi/aaaaaaaabzw/xizobxp8bce/s1600/1281986015880901681flag_of_the_greek_orthodox_church.svg_.hi_used+by+serbians.png ) flying pretty much next to our flag , the eu flag and sometimes the [ byzantine-palaiologos one ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f6/flag_of_palaeologus_dynasty.svg ) in churches that are under the patriarchy of constantinople . 
  everyone should stop doing that . 
  and let that be a reminder to all those that talk down to anyone with a snowball-gift parthenon . 
  it happens !!, 
  about pizza , check for plakuntos, 
  the problem with nationalism is that it corrupts and stains the nobler patriotism . 
  rest in peace michael you made us all proud and showed how pure love is for all . 
  can confirm , each time a girl or person joins / r/greece we scare her away ... also reddit as a whole seems unknown in greece . 
  it 's time i brought up to friends they just dont know it ... 
  i end up showing / r/aww to chicks . . 
  oh yea , its been a while in this sub , now that you mentioned it . 
  me me , am gon na do it guys , let me : germoney , ww2 money back plz , k thx , bb . 
  ye , / r/europe is pretty awesome , if i see a european related article somewhere else ( looking at you scrub / r/worldnews ) i leave their comments and come fast to / r/europe where logic is present and extremism quarantined . 
  actually yea . 
  i am not sure , but this probably goes back as a sign that family and friends are there to defend that wedding to their last breath from anyone willing to break that love and unity apart . 
  i guess if you see it that way it becomes more romanticized . 
  if 2 people are planning and willing to become one under god , no mortal has a say on that . 
  you see north stack in days of old , i guess you can say that : north remembers !, 
  in some villages successful weddings are counted by the number of bullets dropped . 
  people think of greece about suns and beaches but forget that greece is also a mountainous country , its really really cold up there . 
  yea , pretty much its a monastery region with many monasteries in weird places all over . 
  you know i imagined a plot twist where the greek guy responsible for europol part was fired due to austerity and there was a lack of personnel . 
  -- greece you f up informing europol -- these are luxuries we can not afford germoney , you know that . 
  ( p.s. 
  bad joke ), 
  sorry i can not recall , i remember that they had photos of restricted sites . 
  if you are talking about arma 3 , no it is not the same . 
  here the guy admitted to his crime . 
  about arma3 . 
  although they did found material on dev 's that they should n't posses . 
  as we can see here the actions they authorities took then were justified , the only thing they fucked up with was how long it took to solve it . 
  no one fucks with germany 's borders !!!!, 
  seriously now , there have been alot of air violations these days , i hope things wont go bad . 
  thats right . 
  no one fucks with germany 's borders !!!, 
  you know what troubles me the most ? 
  not that someone ( possibly not german ) kicked that woman , but the whole stance and way this is happening . 
  you can almost feel his hated and enjoyment if not hedonism for such a dishonorable act . 
  he must feel very proud . . 
  halva is a perfect example which could apply to other products as well . 
  personally i believe that they should n't be allowed to do that . 
  if that is applied to other products you can export as the other side and misguide . 
  you dont have to claim through warfare , when based on name , you can claim on products and services . 
  aside from the past , history , heritage and all that shit which we are fiery and proud about , the danger with the name of macedonia is that in the future it can `` claim more '' on the greek side . 
  the word macedonia should n't be at all on the name . 
  hellenic in general yea , but that is mostly compared to greek . 
  be in greece . 
  be it . 
  after tax ( yes pay ) be with 200 disposable money . 
  well yunan is from ionian , so i guess that sounds cool also , but rum seems more epic . 
  just imagine the dude having a havana club bottle with him , its a rum with rum . 
  broke af , so here is my love and wishes bro !!!!, 
  ouch , i got pranked it seems . 
  now i feel bad for this . . 
  its somewhere on peristeri municipality , athens . 
  i will ask my source for more info later on :d, 
  i am sure that is what the subconscious message they want to send :d, 
  if you dont already have some left from a previous medication and yolo it on your own , other than that , i am not quite sure how the prescription from doctor works ( illegal or not ) , it seems it really easy to go buy on your own . 
  although it is known that doctors strike deals with specific companies to promote their drugs , so a doctor might over step and get you into antibiotics from that company to get profit . 
  probably they dont use it as we do , but it is a common term , and an easily understood metaphor , therefore i feel it will make a greater impact . 
  can confirm . 
  many known persons consume antibiotics like pasatempos for the simplest cold/flu . 
  that means we are going to exist for the next 2k years ? 
  and silly me , thought we were under extinction . 
  realistic possible top secret scenario : : trump : we want a strong nato !, 
  putin : so , you gon na keep adding neighbor countries in it ? 
  trump : well ... how about you join nato ? 
  putin : cyka blyat , it 's a deal !, 
  but what if russia attacks poland from germany/czechia side ? 
  no no , we keep saying that . 
  else you are called a fascist . 
  hmm , i guess i got ta go for a swim tomorrow . 
  if turkey and greece go in total war , turkey has more chances on winning but i do n't think they would manage , any win would be a pyrrhic victory for turkey . 
  they wont be able to pass greece for europe , and that is if we talk about 1v1 . 
  i do n't think there is a movement . 
  but for many of us it 's something that must be done . 
  cyprus is to greece what a state is from the us . 
  open link to read about kinky medieval ancestors .
