  i , unfortunately , have to be in contact of `` le penistes '' at work and hearing them talking is always based on feeling and zero rationality . 
  it keeps me entertained . 
  why ? 
  you can hate him how you want , but having le pen ( assuming her program is accepted by the parliement ) would be a disaster in the future . 
  unless a scandal hits macron , it will be macron vs le pen . 
  and frankly , i think his popularity will rise even more because of the deception that is the right wing right now . 
  after all on the economical aspect , they 're not very different ( defintely closer to them than le pen ) . 
  the worst ( and best for some ) would be if jupp\u00e9 join macron . 
  it wo n't happen because it would be the `` death '' of the party and partys does n't follow rationality , only loyalty . 
  he also said some things about him , basically saying he wo n't support him . 
  but realistically speaking , right now the right wing is fucked . 
  certainly but not a significant amount . 
  i mean ... seriously both programs are really different . 
  because she 's a lunatic . 
  her program is an economical suicide and does n't make sense on the long term for france . 
  she 's also relying on ignorance and `` impressions '' not actual facts . 
  if you listen to her , france is actually dying and is basically going to diseppear in 10 years . 
  she 's overexagerating on a lot of things with very little numbers and proofs to back this up . 
  so yeah , it 's embarasisng to think we have people who are dumb enough to think she has the shoulders to carry this role . 
  myself , i was considering voting for her , after the bataclan 's attack . 
  i was full of hatred and sorrow and i did n't even loose someone there . 
  but that is the thing with fn . 
  apparently all our problems come from immigration that our politicians allowed . 
  that is that simple in their little world . 
  like we , french , are absolutely perfect and that purity should be protected from the mean world outside . 
  it 's fucking sad , i do n't know if there is a copy of her program in english but that 's seriously hilarious . 
  i 'm pretty sure many of its voters will go for macron . 
  damn right . 
  seriously i do n't get the logic behind these people.i genuiely ca n't . 
  nowhere . 
  most of her supporters say things like `` we need her to become french again '' or other crap like this . 
  all the while she 's going to the us , praise trump , did praise uk for the brexit and suck off russia 's dick . 
  but yeah she 's definitely a very patriotic person . 
  the person who never had to fight to get in her position because her party is basically her family . 
  knowing there are people like this in my country just makes me sick . 
  le pen voters are ok with trump.some even praise him . 
  ignorance is bliss for some ... 
  literraly this . 
  i can tell you , many have to shut their mouths about macron right now because he finally has presented his program . 
  while it can clearly be critized , i 'm sure many are now feeling safe to give him their vote . 
  i know myself , most of myfriends were initaly going for hamon ( they do n't like everything in it too but still . . ) and they 're now probably going for macron . 
  it 's clearly not the `` bestprogramwhoeverexistandwillmakefrancegreatagain '' but it 's definitely very interesting . 
  i do n't know about our left wing , but our right wing is easily one of the worst in europe i 'm sure . 
  we 're running out of pop corn here in france . 
  montpellier is a great dynamic city . 
  many people only know paris but montpellier , especially for students is just great , 
  especially since we could n't care less about that . 
  for all i know , he could be into a bdsm roleplay thing with his wife and many would n't care . 
  he is strongly against her , that would be idiotic . 
  heck some of its campaign tracks were basically `` vote for us or le pen will win . '', 
  does n't have a party , is very new on the political scene too . 
  that guy is such an embarassment ... 
  and i hope it 'll go well for them . 
  they keep a close attention to it but release it at least every 3-4 days or even less if some events happen . 
  tbh , unless he fucked up royaly , he 's going to keep climbing.his program is becoming more and more precise ( i believe he 'll fully present it tomorrow ) and being pro-european helps a bit too i think . 
  many french do n't dislike eu to the point of leaving it , but many believe it has to become better and fast . 
  he 's bringing solution to this but he never drop france to the profit of europe . 
  then again , he could fuck up completely but i hope not . 
  i did n't know who to vote for , but i saw him yesterday at angers ( close to where i live ) and i feel i can vote for him because he seems more realistic . 
  but again i have to say : he could fuck up completely and if he does , he will drop that 's for sure.its voters are less certain than those of marine le pen . 
  well , we had our `` 2016 '' in 2002 with chirac versus le pen which seriously put some people in shock ( my family is n't french origin , but we 're born in french territory and it was easy for us to feel threatened by him . ), 
  she 's definitely a bigger threat but i doubt most of us are this stupid to consider her.problem imo , would be if they do n't like the other candidate and do n't vote . 
  because le pen voters are sure to vote for her ( more than 60 % , macron has 45 % ), 
  if `` paris is less paris '' i do n't know what to say about new york . 
  it 's not infuriating , it 's just genuiely sad . 
  may be trump is the biggest troll legend ? 
  may be he 'll say tomorrow , `` haha , jk guys , here are my plans '' and he unveil a massive list of great measures ( as utopic as it sounds ) right ? 
  depends . 
  mostly of education and social origins . 
  i know a lot in the west support ps ( the left ), 
  this is vastly different especially about trump . 
  if we had to compare , trump with the french system would have completely loose ( he losts 60 % to 40 % iirc on the popular election ), 
  personally i like it because it sounds reasonable . 
  it at least , sounds possible . 
  yeah , was pretty sad . 
  yeah true . 
  myself i leaning toward him but there is still 2 months before the election . 
  if he goes full retard before , i 'm not voting for him . 
  if its `` voter '' base follow macron completely he will be at 23-26 % . 
  which is basically as much as le pen . 
  it 's basically sure he 'll be at the second run with this . 
  if everything goes well of course . 
  but with only some `` if '' we would redo the world so let 's wait . 
  true . 
  hey , they 're really good !, 
  ( and we dont eat them very often ), 
  i remember this one . 
  just here =  https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_706946&amp;feature=iv&amp;src_vid=_a5hygqqbco&amp;v=etvsyvatgas pretty shocking to think she seriously thought she would be a good candidate with such a terrible attitude . 
  not that i love m\u00e9lenchon but if he 's confronting her on her program , logic would be that this person defend its program . 
  which she did n't and prefered acted like `` i 'm above all this . '', 
  makes me sick . 
  i 'm french and let me tell you i 've heard a group of people ( 5-6 ) who said that taking the eu money and doing whatever they want with it is n't steal because the eu are the first thiefs . 
  i 'm not even kidding but that does n't even surprise me anymore . 
  it was just a small group , compared to the crap i 'm reading on the web it 's pretty soft . 
  hey , at least you 're there , we do n't even have one in france because we ca n't speak english :(, 
  their food is crime against humanity . 
  source : a biased baguette . 
  i do n't like her but i ca n't really say she 's wrong here . 
  she refused so she went out , what 's the big deal ? 
  i disagree , because these same people are acting like hypocrites and complain when they had the choice before .
