  i 'm ready to hear all of them cutting each other speak timers , m\u00e9lenchon doing his personal show as usual , hamon who is just going to stay quiet , fillon who already shot himself and macron who is going to be treated of bad person because he come from a former bank and he 's a former minister of hollande . 
  seriously i want to see the debate , but this will probably be another fucking show belonging in kindergarden . 
  everyone will stay on their position and no one will discuss . 
  i ca n't tell if my gf is closely listening to him or trying to peek at his butt . 
  obviously you know better than everyone . 
  what should we expect from someone who have as an argument : `` i was told he was going to do that '' anyway uh ? 
  for fuck sake , fillon is more doing bank a favor than macron . 
  i also live in france and let me tell you : you are fucking ignorant.i bet you also believe immigrants gets all our money uh because you 've seen one poor lady screaming it on the tv ? 
  do yourself a favor , read and inform yourself before you talk.you happen to have internet and i 'm sure you can have access to other source of informations so use them instead of being so ignorant and sputting non sense like an entlited child who think he knows better than anyone because `` i 've been told to . '', 
  stop being an embarassement . 
  people like you are so stupid it 's embarassing . 
  the guy did 2 years at rotshild & co so he 's a devil murder and everything bad in the world . 
  seriously i 'm sick of this argument , that 's as stupid as saying `` do n't vote for a german , in the past they were nazis '' . 
  god damn . 
  we have the same french but there is a regional dialect called `` cr\u00e9ole r\u00e9unionais '' . 
  if you speak this language a lot , you will develop an accent . 
  myself , i 've been taught french since i was a kid and my family and others around were talking cr\u00e9ole but were also able to speak perfect french.but they developed an accent because of that . 
  so yeah it can betray . 
  it 's one month , not quite a `` military service '' either . 
  personally i think it 's fine ,1 month is not long enough to be a complete waste of time for those completely against it , but for those who wants to may be learn a thing or two , it 's a good start . 
  midly shocked . 
  i 've hated vegetables since age of 5 to 17 and only ate them at family meals or some sort and with a lot of water to skip the taste . 
  but for some reason i love them now ( i 'm 25 now ), 
  i 'm french but from a indian origin . 
  my family lived in french territory ( reunion island ) since 3 generations , is catholic etc. . 
  in general , people here in france sees that i 'm mixed , suspect i come from the dom-tom ( our territories outside france ) and never showed racism toward me . 
  i never had any issues really . 
  same with le pen . 
  whenever i want to feel better about myself , i watch `` political '' videos or same genre on youtube and watch the comments . 
  i usually feel a lot better after . 
  someone please add text to this , it 's just too good . 
  it 's something i do n't quite understand honestly because i 'm myself young ( 25 y/o ) and most of the people i 've talked with in my age were more for hamon or macron . 
  some were also for m\u00e9lenchon . 
  but rarely i 've met some `` lepenistes '' . 
  which i thought was normal because her plan , her ideology , is pretty much against what a young person would probably want imo . 
  a young who has the `` world ' to discover , would n't want for its country to close its borders , to mock his neighbours and to get back to something most of us learned that was n't that better . 
  i mean , she 's pretty much agaisnt gay marriage , she hinted that she 's favorable at a society where the woman does n't work and only stay at home to raise children ( and our country has more women that men ) . 
  in a way , she 's not progressist , something i thought was more popualr for the youth . 
  guess i was right . 
  i will guess that this is because of the high unemployment rate and desinformation . 
  i guess it 's just feelings . 
  le pen is very very different from the others . 
  at worst , you would n't vote so be absent but at best , you would vote for her opponent . 
  it 's called `` le vote utile '' ( the useful vote ) where you vote for the candidate you hate the least . 
  and believe it or not , but even thougyh le pen has more support this year , she 's still hated by the majority . 
  which is sad because literraly both of them are . 
  it 's just that apparently , we french are now accustomed to le pen and her party crap that them not having scandals is abnormal ... 
  i do n't know , yes some `` m\u00e9lenchonfans '' are annoying but overall it does n't feel too bad compared to the fn . 
  macron is n't that hated anymore on r/france, 
  well basically anything from article , videos , interviews etc. . about macron gets rapidly some `` fn fans '' on it to say `` he 's the candidate olf banks , he 's bad ! '', 
  `` he 's a globalist , death to macron , hurray le pen ! '', 
  i mean , the fn/le pen fans are considering anyone disagreeing with them , part of the evil system they swore to fight and to destroy . 
  that 's how it is for them at least on social media.very good example of this , is emmanuel macron youtube channel which is constantly filled with fn supporters to downvote the hell out of it and vomit their alternative facts and fake stories . 
  many of them are new accounts made since like 2-3 months with nothing on it . 
  made me laugh of sadness . 
  why is n't anything done from turks to at least tell him to chill the fuck off ? 
  seriously are n't they ashamed ? 
  let 's hope he gets elected at least ( he seems to be going for it but who knows ... ) . 
  he gets a lot of haters on social media from the fn squad especially which certainly show how `` dangerous '' he is for them . 
  i 'm not even surprised . 
  10/10 would watch . 
  the same crap everytime : `` of course a globalist , neo liberal will say that . '', 
  `` answer the question mdme le pen '' `` there is nothing to answer , i do n't have to debate with this person . '', 
  things like this as usual . 
  there was a time where macron and florian phillipot ( fn 2nd head ) had a debate and macron straight up called him on his bullshit because contrary to him , he was using numbers and facts . 
  this is fn signature 's moves anyway , they either use examples out of example or very isolated case , or they use feelings instead of rationality . 
  i remember her when some experts said leaving the eu will crash our economy she laughed at that person because he 's a so called `` expert '' . 
  `` i know best , you others from the system are just puppets '' that 's her . 
  something many seems to forget . 
  things like this do n't change in just a heartbeat . 
  have a good national day !, 
  that 's good news for them then . 
  is n't that because many are just doing short time jobs , have a short unemployement jobless period and then restart ? 
  it always makes me laugh that there are people who are naive enough to even think that a party that has been made on the values of hatred of nonwhite people , inequality , patriarchy etc. . . can change all these extreme values in just 10-15 years . 
  if i give you a piece of shit that does smell and looks good , that still does n't change that it 's still for now a piece of shit . 
  that 's how fn is for me . 
  i refuse to think the #fhaine ( haine = hatred ) changed in such a short amount of time . 
  things like this does n't go just because the new president of the party is a woman who speak in less radical way . 
  i know that very well but he is the one who said he would retire if put under investigation . 
  since 2 motnhs he 's saying more and more stupid crap to the point that he became a meme here in france . 
  i would genuiely want to know that too . 
  this is stupidity or tolerance going too far . 
  whenever i hear them starting a sentence by `` les fran\u00e7ais veulent ... '' ( the french want ) i want to slap them so hard . 
  we at least would want you to be responsible , is this so hard to ask ? 
  can you just imagine our so called country with great morale and values , is letting this guy after he said himself he would n't present himself and that a candidate has to be beyond reproachs run for presidency ? 
  what th efuck happened for us to allow that ? 
  i 'm not saying we should send him to the `` guillotine '' but holy fuck ca n't he just leave already and face consequences ? 
  we have a presidential campaign with 2 candidate who does have quite a big amout of followers who are under investigation . 
  what the fuck ? 
  wow , now that 's a pretty nice post to gather information about the dutch party system . 
  really interesting , thank you !, 
  they have an old alliance with britain . 
  something quite `` surprising '' for young people as they do n't seems very much alike i guess . 
  that guy needs to chill the fuck out . 
  want to build anything related with water ? call the dutchs . 
  macron condamns it and said all ue should have voice an unique response on that matter . 
  i 'm sure the dutch are right now very afraid . 
  clearly . 
  said no one ever . 
  he said he would have want every member of the eu to speak in one voice and not allow this from turkey .
