  help . 
  we hear about guyane everyday and on every channel so i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  not to mention the articles . 
  too bad for you she wo n't . 
  no chance we french became that stupid to let her become president . 
  whaat a patriot indeed . 
  wo n't answer because you do n't speak english on an international sub . 
  the moment our labour law gets touched , we get angry . 
  all of us ( meaning more than 70 % at least ) and still , the law did n't make things as bad as the people were saying . 
  we 're just very attached to all our `` advantages '' . 
  reading some of you is just depressing . 
  you seriously believe you can stop every god damn terrorist act ? 
  well actually yes , we could , but then we would n't be in free countries but in extremely militarized countries because it 's for `` our safety '' . 
  seriously one fucktard did something terrible.he was alone , the attack was surprising , one person is dead and some people are looking at it like the whole fucking nation is under imminent threat . 
  it 's impossible to stop everything , stop thinking that stopping immigrant , or having more controls etc. . would magically stop every attacks . 
  some measures are necessary there is no doubt about that.because nothing is perfect , there are always flaws . 
  it will happen , deal with it because this is how the world work and it should n't stop us from living our life . 
  seriously apparently some people think we 're living in a region where there are bombs who could fall on us all of sudden . 
  the `` terrorist '' was british born ... 
  young people would definitely give her a massive boost if they were in majority joining her . 
  which she does n't have , but she has the biggest part ( about 25-29 % ), 
  actually he 's `` pro eu `` in the sense that he very much enjoy and wants the basis of what eu has been build being , unity , social security , democracy and such . 
  he 's more an `` anti current eu '' than simply an `` anti eu '' like le pen . 
  but his attitude is basically `` if you do n't do it like i asked , i want to leave . '', 
  which i do n't like as an attitude as they are 27 countries and you ca n't force them all to adapt to your demands just because you talk big . 
  i 'm pretty sure he would have been a lot more popular if he was pro-eu . 
  yes , but many of us french are ( admittely ) irrationaly attached to our welfare and all the protection the state is giving . 
  i mean seriously , the simple word `` lib\u00e9ral '' is enough to trigger a lot of people . 
  fillon has a much more liberal program ( he 's been considered a `` tachererist '' ) and was supposed to win the election ( and without the scandals , i 'm pretty sure it could have been macron versus fillon ) it 's not like macron is saying `` lets give up all the french labour law '' . 
  most of his program wants to take things slow but make significant changes ( and i do n't know how it ends ) . 
  it 's may be scary but at least he 's trying things and that 's why many are supporting him more and more . 
  of course she promise , if she was to force people she would look bad . 
  does it means if we happen to have a referendum and we vote remain she will stop bashing the eu and may be try to work with it ? 
  if she was mature , yes certainly but we know her for years now and she has n't changed , i do n't think it will change now . 
  she 's softening her image.the moment she gets to really talking , she still show her intention . 
  may be in the debate , when fillon and macron put her back in her place when she was speaking about ecoonomy ( because holy fuck she 's ignorant on that ) she thought abit about it and that would a nice thing from her . 
  but frankly i do n't buy it.it 's been years here in france that the fn is trying to make us think they 're not that bad while still saying crap and being caugh in scandals . 
  le pen by far . 
  but it 's even scarier than she has 20-25 % of people who will vote for her so who are as stupid as her . 
  i watched it and they booed for like 5 seconds before macron calls them to respect . 
  after that they did n't boo anymore and most of them were applauding . 
  https://youtu.be/sptahpjnwxi?t=13m36s fucking love articles like this where you can easily check if it 's true or not . 
  anything for clickbait uh ? 
   why in the world are rednecks in bumfuckville , alabama hoping for a frexit or hating on brussels ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  `` they 're different than me and still having an overall good situation ? fuck them . '', 
  she got her ass wooped a few times by macron , m\u00e9lenchon and hamon about la\u00efcity especially . 
  exactly ... 
  to me , no one `` won '' the debate except macron . 
  even though many polls apparently prefered m\u00e9lenchon , i find macron to be the most convincing here for a simple reason . 
  he 's the one leading the polls , and was going to be attacked as a result.and if he did n't dominate the others , he clearly did n't fall back or ran away from the attacks . 
  he had a lot to loose but he did n't , he stood his ground until the end . 
  that 's convincing to me : he did n't appear to just be an illusion . 
  he said that we do n't have to deal with these parts and should leave them alone . 
  it 's sad because these two together would definitely give them a huge boost and i think would make an good gouvernment . 
  this is `` fake news '' , there are no universal polls where macron was seen the best . 
  most of them did put m\u00e9lenchon first ( europe 1 , france 24 , tf1 etc. . . ), 
  these countries are very different from us and never joined the euro ... 
  this is n't even comparable.france is one of the country who created the ue.we 're really deep in it , much more than many of us understand . 
  at the same time , m\u00e9lenchon is a one man show . 
  you can disagree with everything , the guy knows how to put on a show with punchlines sometimes . 
  that 's really the issue . 
  it sounds great , looks great but the problem is `` how do you do that ? '', 
  he 's skipping way too much steps . 
  in all honestly he should be after a program like macron ( assuming macron program is put in place ) . 
  i found macron good because realistic and pragmatic but sometimes spoke too much to not say much.however he was overall good to me even though his way of speaking and presenting is clearly not appealing.but judging on that is stupid , it 's literraly the populist way . 
  i found fillon quite interesting even though i wo n't vote for him.his word and his ideas make some sense at least for now . 
  hamon is good but the guy is waaaaaaay too optimist . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is stupid about geopolitics and too idealist on the social.things do n't change just because you speak well . he present very well but some points are just too optimist to make it realist . 
  le pen is retarded.i 'm not even sorry but how she dares to use alternative facts , graphics without source and context and have the hypocrisy to say `` uk is doing great '' when they have a system very similar to what fillon propose and that she said she 's combatting because it 's dangerous for our people and most important : they did n't even leave yet . 
  for fuck sake , she does n't even know how risky it is for us to drop from the ue and abandon the euro.fillon and macron tried to teach her on that but she obviously spoke louder with her big voice and it stopped because it was n't the subject . 
  le pen did n't win a crap , she just spoke louder than the others , even interrupting at multiple times . 
  biggest offence is when she spoke about leaving the eu or the economy , taking the uk example . 
  classic le pen and her examples without source or straight up false . 
  is that sarcasm ? because except for paris , not it 's not quite like this . 
  paris being an international city that attract everyone and everything and not just from france . 
  this is so disgusting . 
  she keeps cutting off others , i wish macron and fillon who definitely knows their shit about economy and ue would have cut her more when she said that because it 's unacceptable . 
  my fucking god , how is this possible to lie so much and be so deep in it . 
  he could n't talk because hamon and macron were fighting each other for long minutes . 
  as much as i do n't like him , he had the decency to be professional and respectable . 
  god fucking damnit le pen is an embarassement . 
  `` look uk is doing great ! '', 
  uk is doing great but did n't leave the eu yet and have a lot of what she 's attacking in macron/fillon program . 
  what a fucking hypocrite but because she speak louder and keep cutting their speech , her `` fanbase '' are all happy about it . 
  ok may be she 's not average in the political class ( actually i 'm sure of that , but she 's one of the youngest there at the same time . ) . 
  but i do n't find her to be incredibly better than the average girl that 's all . 
  come on she 's average . 
  personally i think he 's doing alright but he 's a bit too reactive . 
  * cry in french *, 
  you provided literraly 0 proof of what you said . 
  seriously if you have no other proof than `` someone told me '' this is seriously embarassing . 
  if he 's not your cup of tea , good for you , does n't give you the right to spread misinformation and cry about being downvoted after that . 
  honestly he 's not that bad but he 's kind of ... out of his time imo . 
  he 's idealist and that 's the issue . 
   tomorrow 's debate will be very important . 
  macron will be attacked by all his 4 rivals who want to go after his 40 % of swing voters and make sure he does n't disrupt the political system . 
  i just hope he 'll win in the end because i can not imagine living in a country that a populist unashamed crook rules ( fits both le pen and fillon ) . 
  i 'm excited for the debate , but i ca n't help but feel disgusted by the fact that this wo n't actually be a debate but just a `` i 'm better than you because i 'm me and you are you '' . 
  especially from le pen and all her facts pulled out of context .
