  yes , she can be the next president.because there is still 2 and half month before the elections . 
  before , fillon was winning but now with the scandal he 's pretty much done except ( just like le pen ) for his followers who 'll vote for him no matter what . 
  but here is the thing with the fn . 
  even though her party became more popular these last years , many people wo n't vote for her simply because she 's radical and her program is just . . plain delusional . 
  she 's a lot `` softer '' on appearence than her father jean-marie le pen.who is the only one who went to the second round.he lost top jacques chirac in 2002 ,82 % to 18 % . 
  but fn is still fn , a far right party that for many does n't even share values with france . 
  if you listen to fn carefully , it 's more like travail , famille , patrie ( work , family , country or i would say national pride ) but that 's another story . 
  the most important is : the fn has a very fidele follower base.these are people who will vote for her even if they found out she was found in another scandal.no matter what , , they 'll vote for her and only her . 
  however , there are many others out there , who are spread between other party . 
  while she can definitely grab some of the voters ( especially from fillon ) , there is very little chance , someone who 'll vote for hamon will vote for le pen because they 're very different . 
  this means it 's basically granted that le pen will have every other voters who were n't votign fn before will be voting against her for the candidate she 'll have to face in the secound round . 
  again , i insist , things could change , for the favor of le pen or not . 
  a bit less than 3 months now , may be macron will appear as an hypocrite idiot who want to run france like a bank ( he 's always critized on his former profession : banker . ), 
  may be hamon or m\u00e9lenchon will have some great meetings and teeam up together . 
  but one thing is certain : when you vote fn you 're usually completely against all the others.you wo n't consider the others and their ideas because fn as a party is different from them . 
  they 're the far right for a reason . 
  that 's why i 'm pretty sure she wo n't pass . 
  probably she 'll go to the second round but she 'll loose there just like her father ( with a better score like 65 % to 35 % for her i think . ), 
  what are you talking about . 
  if we follow how our election works , she 's definitely not going to be the next . 
  but she 'll probably reach the second round . 
  of course not.most of her `` fanbase '' are following her because they think like this . 
  even with 4 % ( which would be huge for an already developed country ) many would n't see it . 
  but i heard eu is dying ? 
  til how to say `` kiss my ass '' in finnish . 
  thanks this dude . 
  thanks , i could n't see the title in your link from my phone . 
  where is this ? 
  now i have the opening in my head . 
  where is this ? looks like france south . 
  edit : nvm , i 'm too dumb to look at op 's flair . 
  voting for someone just because of a problem who is , there yes , but not as big as they makes it sound is just stupid . 
  i would have consider voting for her if her program was n't so stupid and unrealistic . 
  i do n't like her . 
  but she 's entirely right about that ... 
  the protests are already questionnable but i can get behind them . 
  but taking advantage of the protests to be an asshole and break things ? 
  yeah , they 're indeed `` scums '' . 
  absolutely no respect for these people . 
  i know but hey , we 're all european . 
  half the informations about france we hear about at tv by example are either just to showcase some aspect of our country that , while it can be interesting , is just there for `` pride '' . 
  learning more about our neighbours when they 're doing something good or important for them is , i feel , better to know than gilbert at bordeaux is making wine since recently and is trying to search how to make the best wine . 
  i 'm exagerating of course , but we can easily learn about our own country , showing interest about the others around us to learn from them or to share with them is more enjoyable . 
  but yeah i get it , i 'm not saying it 's an awful thing . 
  i just find it a bit sad . 
  it reminds about the protestation in romania . 
  as big as it was for you , except for few channel/websites/radio , they barely talked about it . 
  where is the beer ? 
  these elections , i feel , are more important than the previous one . 
  and seeing all the shit going around it makes is exhausting . 
  it 's sad i do n't hear much about the countries in the east in france . 
  have to check on internet for that . 
  him again ? ca n't he just go somewhere where he would n't be able to embarass people with its stupidity ? 
  i 'm surprised to see this here : o, 
  i did n't respond to him because i 'm still waiting for proofs and facts to his statement . 
  instead he said some dumb shits . 
  just another keyboard warrior to ignore . 
  na you do n't get it . 
  in this day and age , i 'm sure that cutting contact and cooperation between us and the european countries and get back to thinking we 're the absolute best is great for our future . / s, 
  `` look around . '', 
  how about you explain with facts your statement instead of giving such a vague statement . 
  no it 's not hell of course . 
  but it 's not as good as some others . 
  i also do but scientists wo n't come just because you 're nice . 
  nice . 
  yes . 
  some people will clearly vote for her . 
  most of us i 'm sure wo n't and she 'll loose . 
  i know myself i wo n't because her program is just stupid . 
  not because she 's a `` racist '' or something ( we know fn for years , we know how they are at this point ) but because it 's against our values ( french and european , european being a source of evil for her apparently ... ) but most important : it 's delusional . 
  it 's seriously embarassing that with our accessibility to information and knowledge we can look at her programme and think `` yes , i 'm sure this will go well . '', 
  ( especially since it 's not rare than politicians wo n't complete all they wanted to do good or not . ), 
  as much as i love macron this is unrealistic from him . 
  first , we do n't even treat our scientist well.many are underpaid ... second , even if he changes the system to make it easier for foreigners to work here , it wo n't be done in just a day . 
  heck , we do n't even know if the parliement will go on that road . 
  i agree with him when he says that we should seriously become a nation of research and innovation and cooperate with the eu . 
  but he 'll have to be very convincing . 
  what will happen if scotland leave ? 
  i want to eat it . 
  not going to defend myself you 're totaly right on that . 
  languages in france are terribly taught.the worst is , when you reach university and you want to work in economy or programing etc. . you need to already have a very good level of english.at least be able to understand most of what is written/said . 
  i remember when i did my economy licence , i was top 3 in my class , only beaten by 2 girls who were the typical `` smart and pretty '' who did spend a year in england ( not hating , they were my best friends there :d ) but yes ... we suck hard to learn anything that is n't french . 
  heck , even french is not taught that well apparently . 
  science teaching is great but language ? worst in western europe i 'm pretty sure of that . 
  i 'm patriotic in the sense that i love my country.i really do like it but i 'm also not `` proud '' to the point where i 'll consider my country to be the best in the world . 
  it 's something we tend to not understand about americans tbh . 
  in france no.not for now at least , brexit did n't fully happen already after all but i doubt we 'll see a lot of impacts . 
  however , the people in uk probably will see its impact soon or even now . 
  never heard of him , i 'll read about it when i get back to home though :d, 
  it 's a small cross section . 
  but yes obviously it can happen . 
  i mean , i 'm black myself , always lived in france , purely french and do n't consider myself indian ( my origins ) . but i heard sometimes some ... nit nice comments about me regarding my skin by example . 
  it happens but it 's just so . . stupid and useless than i honestly do n't give a damn because it 's mostly said either from ignorants or just unknown people who might just be morons . 
  overall , at least in france , if you 're nice , people treats you nicely . 
  if you communicate with them , show them curiosity to learn about the country/culture , they become quickly nice to you and ask about your culture too . 
  at least , that 's my impression . 
  perfect people doens ' t exist anyway.i just think that , it 's easier to remember the bad people/experience you come across . 
  that 's stupid . 
  marine le pen is basically the type of person which you can listen and node your head for a moment thinking `` mmmh , it sounds interesting '' and then for one good idea , she 'll present 99 awful stupid one and you 'll have to blame yourself for forgetting that she 's from the fn and logic does n't apply to them . 
  as you said she 's a meme .
