i will guess that this is purely because m\u00e9lenchon has more of an authority figure than hamon . 
  sounds stupid i know , but some people vote macron because he 's handsome and young so well . . 
  ok , i appreciate that m\u00e9lenchon is going higher , but for fuck sake 2 weeks before the election and some people already see it president for sure . 
  calm down already . 
  come on at least let 's wait for the first measures to happen . 
  but if we leave the eu , i 'm clearly leaving france . 
  -2 % is n't `` falling . '', 
  fillon loosing 6 % in 2 months is falling . 
  not macron but fillon is done now . 
  someone gets it , thanks . 
  hamon voters are also divided between m\u00e9lenchon and macron . 
  inb4 someone says `` m\u00e9lenchon is n't anti-eu ! he 's for another eu ! '', 
  i 'm sorry but in a group if you come up with threats to leave if you do n't get what you want in your way , acting like you know better than anyone , you just pass for an anti democratic person as well . 
  i hate the fact that he 's acting like he thinks he knows every issues with the eu and propose a solution that will magically make everything better , the ego is real ... ) seriously i get what he 's asking , but let 's be real , he wo n't get what he wants . 
  and if he does n't get what he wants , he wants a referundum about leaving the eu . 
  i know most of us do n't want to leave for now . 
  because if he is president , there is a chance because of his person that france will become more and more euro sceptic with things like : `` m\u00e9lenchon will be a good president ! if the eu does n't want to do his way it means they do n't want france ! '', 
  sad but it 's something i 've heard from their many online supporters ( the type of supporters every candidate have who are fanatic as hell and shit on every other candidate just because he 's not yours ... ) for a candidate that put in the spotlight his democratic value , that threat about wanting to leave does n't sound democratic at all . 
  if you love the eu you will seek to change it , it 's normal , but forcing your way like a fucking abusive husband/wife is n't going to do any good . 
  i understand what he wants , but that 's just unrealistic . 
  for someone i like because of his pragmatism and realistic goals , this is a huge letdown . 
  seriously though , who does n't like them or at least neutral about them ? 
  no that 's benoit hamon . 
  tbh , if he was more friendly toward eu i would hesitate between him and macron . 
  i think he has great ideas , they have potential and all but he 's not very realistic on some issues ( like the eu ) still , he 's the type of person that i would n't mind too much if he becomes president.i just hope that if it does happen , he does n't start being aggressive toward the eu . 
  he wants a eu in his way , or he threaten to leave.which is an attitude i ca n't like . 
  she wants to end their possibility of marriage but let 's vote for her . 
  why ? 
  because she said things i liked . 
  sorry but i have no respect for ignorant voters like this.they 're the reason why a liar and someone who constantly say dumb things to prove her point is in the presidential race . 
  i do n't get how this can work , we live in developed country where you have easy access to many many informations , they could inform themselves god damn . 
  seriously this is like in france where people like le pen are accusing the ue of our problem , not our bad decisions or flaws in our system . 
  even more , these people likes to talk about the eu problem , without stating his benefit . 
  i 'm for a liberalism , but a controlled one thanks the state.i 'm for taking risks and giving those who do n't have the means to do it , the possibility to do it . 
  because of that i like his program on education and economy . 
  and being in eu who is a region full of opportunities imo , makes him a good candidate . 
  however i really do n't like that his program does n't speak about the cannabis ( france the first consumer of it in europe ... ) and not enough on ecology . 
  about security/immigration , i do n't believe france alone can face this , i believe the eu has to reinforce itself to be able to fight.this is way too big or too messy for us alone . 
  btw , i did n't utterly dislike sarkozy and hollande , but they did n't do much either . 
  contrary to some , i do n't think they ruined the country to the point of no return like some like to think . 
  i think they both had correct ideas , just poorly executed and some of them were obviously awful which as a result , made us not move forward actually . 
  but again , i do n't think they were completely awful or france would have been in a really awful situation . 
  i 'm also neither right or left because today , this does n't bring debate , it brings conflict . 
  ( i 'm usually more on the left but today , being on the left apparently mean the right is always wrong and are worst than terrorists ... i do n't want that mentality ) en marche!movement wo n't fix things in a heartbeat but i like the progressist vision and want to give it a try . 
  at the same time , it 's kind of worrying because if he gets elected and does n't get shit done , this will be a free pass for le pen in 2022 . 
  fillon is done and recently he 's doing even better to dig his own grave . 
  will probably learn more about that later . 
  what ? 
  the medef did n't enjoy her program and they 're qyuite important by example . 
  why trust le pen on economy when she can barely speak 3 sentence without bringing in mean muslim fundamentalists and eastern europeans taking our jobs when you have macron , m\u00e9lenchon and even fillon who have some serious measure on their program with numbers and answers . 
  voting le pen is taking a big risk , completely trusting the ignorance of the fn about economy just based on nationalism . 
  i can fully understand someone voting le pen ( even if i disagree with it ) but that ca n't be the economy . 
   fn has become more moderate in its approach not that much no . 
  when she 's cornered into giving explanation we see that the fn is still the fn . 
  pro catholic , anti muslim , nationalist while still being quite liberal . 
  someone from m\u00e9lenchon side said something i 'd like about it `` le pen is against world compagnies exploiting french works , she 's for french compagnies exploiting french workers . '', 
  which i found to be quite true . 
  i would love a m\u00e9lenchon-macron duel but he still has such a long way to go . 
  i hope the day of the vote , most people would have make up their mind on him . 
  i vote macron but m\u00e9lenchon has very interesting ideas that should be debated with macron . 
  m\u00e9lenchon most likely . 
  his views on europe are exactly mine . 
  our country might be strong now , but i 'm quite young and i 'm pretty sure i 'll see from my own eyes , china , usa , russia , bresil and so on `` fighting '' over the world . 
  france is such a small country on the scale of the world , how can we think we 're better alone ? the eu can be a beacon of safety , technological advancement and so on just like any major futur region of the world . 
  wether we like it or not , france is european and it 's our future imo . 
  debate ? this was n't a debate , this was a show , most of the time the candidate were just trying to sell their product and not have a debate . 
  so i 'm glad he did n't speak that much and did n't say anything new . 
  he was n't convincing at all but seriously a debate at 11 ? what do you expect , at least poutou made us applause and jean lassale made us laugh . 
  not that much anymore . 
  back then , it was `` taboo '' to say you 're supporting le pen . 
  now not that much , her supporters are very open about it and have to remind it a lot recently with the elections . 
  not me . 
  she 'll loose , we 're used to her.her score is high because of recent events the last years but that 's it , most of us do n't want her bs . 
  she 'll probably have an even worse score than in the polls ... 
  exactly that . 
  this will be our conditions . 
  `` you can add these beautiful pieces of art in our very big and rich market if it 's uncensored . '', 
  source : me . 
  on at least 80 % of what she says , she 's finding a way to accuse the muslims fundamentalists . 
  i loved when hamon was like `` n'importe quoi mais n'importe quoi ! '', 
  ( i guess the translation is `` nonsense '' ), 
  yeah please , we 'll get uncensored hentais !, 
  what ? 
  i think they should give 2 billions first then see how it goes . 
  from what i 've seen before , many times some money from the eu went back to bruxelles because it has n't been used . 
  i seriously think guiana needs a lot of investment since it 's strategicaly very well placed and has the ariane space base but just blindly giving money is n't the answer imo . 
  you pretty much nailed it . 
  it 's clearly sad because le pen is taking advantage of people who are fed up instead of explaining them . 
  really impressed merkel is still so high after being elected 3 times . 
  i guess it says something about her . 
  i do n't know much really , except that they have a game developer who made s.t.a.l.k.e.r. 
  who was my cousin favorite game at a time . 
  did n't play it myself but she was super enthusiast playing it . 
  it would definitely raise the quality of the debate . 
  i 'm voting for macron , but i 'd lie if i say there is n't some ideas in m\u00e9lenchon 's program i do n't like . 
  tbh , if m\u00e9lenchon was pro-eu like macron , i would have to choose between him and macron . 
  yeah that 's why i 'm not sure this poll is 100 % sure . 
  such a huge jump in just 4-5 days is crazy.i 'd wait more polls to be sure . 
  but m\u00e9lenchon is n't even a communist oo, 
  my pop corn is running out .
