  le pen wants fucking guards at the borders , what the fuck ? 
  because fucktard like le pen who ca n't even propose a single intelligent measure ca n't help us . 
  for fuck sake , she 's supposed to be `` pro '' on terrorism and everything related and macron did better than her because surprise : he treats the threat seriously when fucking le pen just say `` we have to close the borders '' what an embarassement she was . 
  that is good speaking ? 
  ok then , i 'll randomly throw some crap i read on videogames to win a debate then . 
  at least le pen got us some dank memes . 
  she will not be there anymore after how she failed last night . 
  i 'm certain someone else will have to take the lead ( # 2 of the fn , phillipot , is the most dangerous and by far the most intelligent person at the fn , i 'm pretty sure many thinks he should have the lead ), 
  i was thinking she was better than trump really . 
  but no , she 's the same . 
  the discord fanclub is just a small amount though . 
  honestly the le pen voters are so deluded or simply angry and desesperate that they wo n't care . 
  i expect her to loose lay be 3 % at best . 
  it would be great if she looses more but i do n't think it 'll work . 
   feed back this morning around me : 2 hard abstentionnists and 1 who voted melenchon last week same here , my family mostly voted m\u00e9lenchon ( they 're from la r\u00e9union ) and most of my closed friend were between hamon-m\u00e9lenchon-macron . out of the 7 who voted m\u00e9lenchon ,5 were going to not vote and will vote for macron now because of the same reason . 
  she 's a fucking embarassement . 
  we could n't care less . 
  34 % is still too high for such a performance . 
  seriously that was shitshow because of her , we learned that she has literraly no plan . 
  that was so fucking bad , i did n't even expect such a shitshow from her . 
  at least it really shows her true nature : a fucking retard . 
  because he 's too respectful . 
  he does n't want to play the same game , but sometimes , fighting fire with fire might be the best option . 
  at least we had our game of thrones season . 
  we still do n't know after 50 minutes how she wants to do . 
  or everytime she says something about the muslims . 
  laughed . 
  did n't think i 'd see my region of birth here :p, 
  ca n't always go to the zoo . 
  meanwhile , i still hope france can have their unemployment rate . 
  wish i was a ghost , to know the experience , but we 're not :( no , we 're just boring people because we have nothing to do here . 
  that 's just the `` hardcore '' supporters . 
  most of the voters ( the 7millions ~ ) are moderate people and will probably not vote for le pen and mostly vote for him i think . 
  not by a huge margin of course , but this is le pen against him , they understand that . 
   lepen literally has no plan to improve the lives of the french people . 
  she only spouts fear and hate in order to get elected . 
  xavier bertrand ( former minister under sarkozy ) and current president of region hauts-de-france ( a region that mostly voted le pen ) said something i completely agree with : `` le pen and fn are rising because there are issues.they have no point in fixing those issues because those issues are what makes them popular . '', 
  something along the lines.they only exist for because some people are fed up and just buy into the `` easy '' way formed by these kind of populists by le pen . 
  anyone sane enough who has read her program already know she does n't have anything to `` fix '' any problems . 
  my city :p not for long but still living there for now . 
  and most of them ( those who support her ) do n't even know why . 
  i live just next to an university and i seriously want that election over . 
  it 's just crazy the number of bs i have to hear everyday from these ignorants . 
  my gf has been insulted for trying to speak to them because she voted macron ( and will vote again of course ) . we 're both 25 y/o , they 're between 18-24 , they 're in place where they can learn and inform themselves , yet are spreading fucking bs everyday . 
  for a time he was the favorite and pro russia so may be if he was still in the race he would have probably be prefered . 
  again someone who ca n't read a program . 
  you 're seriously a sad person . 
  it 's something that exist in many countries because of the stupid medias ( only speak like france is completely crumbling ) and lack of effort from themselves to inform themselves . 
  also , gouvernment who failed to address the issues helped the fn because they use the frustration of the population , to adress them with empty words , but words they want to hear ( yeah you 're going to work , there wo n't be any eastern european taking your job nor some arab near you etc. . . ) it 's especially visible from the incident yesterday at the factory whirlpool , where she came for 15 min , took selfies , same stupid empty words and left . 
  while macron went , talked to them face to face even though they could have probably bash his head ( he had 2 bodyguard , but there was about 50 people circling him ), 
  i 'd take theresa may over le pen without hesitation . 
  you can thank the m\u00e9lenchonistes playing the desperate emo . 
  ( not all of them but for a movement that present itself as democratic , they seems to forgot democracy is in danger with le pen ) if this was some crap like macron against fillon , i would understand , but this is le pen . 
   he worked at a rothschild bank * facepalm *, 
  how is he a puppet ? 
   `` democracy is important only when my preference is available '' could n't have say it better . 
  except he went to them later and pretty much left with cheers . 
  wtf is this shit ? 
  i do n't care , he 's just a random person being a computer sputting non sense . 
  if at least he was funny . 
  most of us do n't care . 
  seriously he has the right to allow himself one night of `` party '' . if he was doing this constantly though , it would have been worrying but for fuck sake , he did it once for his first round victory . 
  since one year , he 's non stop trying to touch more and more people with his movement , so let the guy have his one night break . 
  fuck 's sake , at least critize something else , something that deserve some critics . 
  do n't bother , op is an internet warrior . 
  for some of them , yeah certainly . 
  i can understand :d, 
  ikr ? my gf right next to me is laughing her ass off to the video . 
  ( is this guy serious ? 
  ) again and again . 
  must thank that guy for at least giving a good laugh . 
  i thought the brexit effect would only show up in 1 year at best ? are n't they still in the eu for now ? 
  they get angry when you label them as german . 
  r/france is n't france . 
  the hardcore m\u00e9lenchon 's fans like to believe this ( and honestly , fuck this attitude ) but they 're not . 
  most of them are completely `` normal '' people , they know very well that macron is n't m\u00e9lenchon but that does n't makes him all bad compared to le pen . 
  heck , my whole family voted m\u00e9lenchon ( most of them at least ) i voted macron and they 're going to vote macron without a doubt.i 'm pretty sure it 'll be the same for most of them . 
  no , some of them are acting like it 's not normal that m\u00e9lenchon lost . 
  that they now have to choose between aids and cholera . 
  it 's just ridiculous , they ca n't accept the fact that their vision , while it has great idea , is n't exactly the best either , at least that 's hiw the majority felt about it . 
  majority of them obviously will vote macron but some of them are acting like spoiled kids . 
  very immature and not nice to see . 
  in 2 weeks ? no chance . 
  genuiely have no idea.may be they 're the one who feels the more `` left alone '' by how society change , the crisis etc. . . and feel that even thoiugh they 're not old , their future is n't as bright as they 'd like so they 're votign le pen because these last years were not good for them . 
  just a theory . 
  of course she will , but as long as she does n't change her party core ideals , she 'll probably wo n't have a chance unless macron royaly fuck up during his 5 years . 
  his measures are not short term measures . 
  just his economic plan is colossal because of how it will affect society ( it 's basically close to the scandinavian system ) . 
  he clearly wants some changes , will it be good changes ? we will see , no ( sane ) reasons to think it 'll be alot worse . 
  stop it i 'm still salty about this . 
  he became the lowest president in approval in just 2 months , got his travel ban blocked two times , is using public money to make some travel for his own enjoyement , is not happy about his daughter 's product being not popular ... should i continue ? because if you want / r/politics is basically a daily news for trump . 
  macron and fillon were the highest in paris . 
  we could n't care less about that guy especially since we know he 's a liar . 
  aka how to divide us even more.not everyone is the us i hope you know that . 
  no chance at all , he 's even more behind in vote 's intention in the big cities . 
   not true , most of the world has been at peace since ww2 , the thought that if the eu disappeared we would all go at each others throats again is laughable . 
  true on the fact that there is n't any world war but wars did n't diseppear at all :( but about the ue , loosing it would slow down the cooperation toward making a better future for us . 
  in term of environment , research etc. . . 
  because we have shit like marine who is downright ridiculous , fillon who keeps memeing himself with obvious his lies are , hamon who does n't have the same charisma than m\u00e9lenchon and macron who is still new . 
  it 's sad but what do you want ? i also think he speaks very well but voting for someone just because he looks , sounds and act with charisma is downright stupid and i 'm not even sorry for the people i 'm offending with that statement .
