  it 's like the people voting for marine because she 's a woman , macron because he 's handsome and young , fillon because he 's an `` experienced man '' or shit like this . 
  i do n't hate m\u00e9lenchon , the person itself is interesting and not as corrupt as fillon and le pen , but a program that is basically saying `` everything will be great '' without taking into account the external restraints is just scary . 
  i agree and this is one of the biggest reason i 'm not voting for him . 
  his plan is extremely risky . 
  i do n't know really.certainly there are some discussions but nothing official it seems or we would have hear about it . 
  it 's something . 
  how dare you ? 
  * goes on strike *, 
  he started at 18 % . 
  but then slowly people from his own party stopped supporting him to rejoin macron , and after the first debate and m\u00e9lenchon performance , more of his voters who consider themselves from the left went to m\u00e9lenchon instead of hamon . 
  the more he dropped in the polls and the more it did hurt him to the point that he 's now at 7,5-8 % . 
  frankly that 's quite sad because even though i do n't believe his program ( it 's just too optimistic and not realistic in our conditions right now ... ) he has great vision of the future imo and great idea . 
  also , he 's the only `` pro-eu '' with macron . 
  i 'm kinda sad to what happened to hamon . 
  good idea !, 
  it was also in the wrong thread and i removed it . 
  i do n't consume any of it , but i think it should be legal.it 's not an extremely dangerous drug , it 's dangerous when it 's being consumed without moderation . 
  it has medical use and here in france , i believe we are the first consumer in europe . 
  legalizing it ( slowly but surely ) would certainly allow our police and justice to deal with more serious problems than this . 
  as a good french , i hate a baguette with cheese ( ch\u00e8vre ) with magret de canard then some potatoes and a sauce made of cheese . 
  ( i usually eat something simplier but it 's the week-end :p ), 
  sorry did n't pay attention . 
  our cuisine sucks?how dare you ?!, 
  ( actually i like your cuisine but ours is still better because reasons ), 
  probably yes.unless she asks reasonable measures , nothing will really change . 
  the ps is basically divided between the leaning right ( macron like ) and the `` hard left '' ( m\u00e9lenchon like ) seriously that party could n't be more divided today . 
  and frankly , i would be damn happy if it could end the party after the elections . 
  fair point but he 's not wrong on that . 
  and our women , do n't forget them please . 
   maybe i am exaggerating , but if le pen wins , its over with the european union do n't be so certain . 
  first , she needs a majority in the parliament , something even macron can get ( he has 0 currently but with all the people joining him he probably can make a coalition at worst ) . 
  ps and lr ( left and right ) do n't match with the fn , so it 's quite certain it 'll be hard for her to get a majority and as a result , will need to do a coalition . 
  so just for that already it will be hard for her to ask for a referendum . 
  and even if she get the referendum , french are eurosceptic , not anti-eu . 
  some of them hate it for good reasons , some hate it because they 've been told it 's all bad . 
  but france is a country that has been in the ue since the beginning , many of us even though we do n't like its current form would n't like to leave it , probably a reason why macron is the front-runner even though he 's new . 
  most of our politician are still for the eu too , the risks involved for us if we leave are really high . 
  so to make it short : she needs the parliament backing this up first , something that will most likely not happen ( but hey , who knows . ), 
  and the referendum has to work . 
  so no it 's not certain that even if le pen pass , the ue will be `` dead . '', 
  frankly i believe if she pass , she 'll at best do nothing because she ca n't and her ideas are unrealistic . 
  or at worst , she 'll ruin us ( and i would be mad honestly because we 're going back on track for now ... ), 
  i 'm french and ugly and did n't get grills :(, 
  no , she 'll have to go through the parliament and she needs a majority . 
  so if she 's elected , we 'll be on stand by doing nothing for 5 years with nothing changing ... 
  clearly feels like voting to `` fix '' one problem even though it had 5 more after . 
  i do n't get that logic either . 
  many things i guess . 
  first : hollande 's measures were not all bad , just showed results pretty late ( just 2-3 months ago there was an article in french talking about it ) second : when the eurozone is going better , this can clearly affect france . 
  there are oother things but i do n't have details/enough knowledge for that . 
  i meant vote . 
  truly best argument , he 'll have my wife . 
  this piss me off so much everytime i see that.it 's like `` oh god you were in this for 3 years ? you 're a demon ! '', 
  what the fuck ? 
  their army is kind of like japan right ? only for self defense or helping the un i think . 
  no i have no idea why , probably why john oliver made fun of that sentence . 
  it 's something she said during an interview . 
  got emmanuel macron . 
  some of them already went toward m\u00e9lenchon , hence why he went up while hamon went down . 
  they 're clearly divided that 's for sure . 
  yes , that 's why i 'm saying that , i know some of my friends who are not interested in politics who vote macron just because he 's good looking . 
  at first you laugh about it , but they skip the most importants aspect like the program , the goals , if that 's realistic or not etc. . that 's kinda sad.m\u00e9lenchon looks very much like an authority figure.someone who looks and sound strong , severe etc. . 
  it appeals some people just like some people get appealed by marine le pen being a woman ( what the fuck people ? ) . 
  every candidat has an aspect like this , but it should n't be the main factor . 
  he speaks well . 
  i do n't hate him , but i 'm not buying into his speech either.voting for someone just because he speaks well is just stupid . 
  it 's like voting for macron because he 's `` young and dynamic . '', 
  that 's for sure.but frankly , i 'm quite worried about trump 's reaction.the guy seems impulsive . 
  it 's sad . 
  it 's going up in france too if that reassure you . 
  is the dialogue with north korea ever been useful ? 
  if i say no you 're going to continue on your crap , if i say yes you 're going to continue too . 
  so why bother ? 
  you obviously know better from behind your computer and your superior intelligence . 
  for fuck sake i 'm tired to explain that in the same system than france , trump would n't even have been elected . 
  still today , majority of us think she 's a threat to democracy . 
  tbh , he jsut needs to make the situation slighty better.what he 's actually promoting in fact . 
  i mean , when i hear dumbasses like fillon saying `` i will make france the first european power '' i ca n't help but laugh of sadness . 
  but even if his very pragmatic measures does n't do anything , he will definitely be an almost free pass for le pen . 
  thanks , i 'll make sure to use that haha . 
  this guy is like lurking on every thread talking about the eu just to shit on it . 
  what the fuck, 
  how do they say it in italian ? 
  why the fuck is this presented as a surprise ? 
  brexit means they 're out , is it that hard to understand ? 
  i know that , but that 's just a child act for a so called mature person . 
  as far as i know , we 're still in the eu right ? but because i 'm mdme le pen i ask the flag to be removed beucase i shall not have this in the same room than i. tf1 is a private channel and probably only speak money and visibility so unfortunately , they have to do what she asked . 
  it does n't change the fact that they still disgust me . 
  the most disgusting are the people from tf1 doing what she asks . 
  fuck her and fuck those guys . 
   most people have no idea of what the structure of the eu government looks like . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people do n't even know what their own gouvernment looks like . 
  the spokeman of hamon said `` we will join macron if he ( hamon ) looses . '', 
  obviously when he says `` we '' he thinks about a certain group , not everyone is going to macron . 
  divided , some prefer macron and some prefer m\u00e9lenchon . 
  good speaker . 
  in all honesty , fillon appeared more and more extreme since a month . 
  heard it a lot too at a meeting with my gf . 
  i went there by curiosity and heard it especially from old people ( many old people in his meeting ), 
  not close to that dude , he was at somethingh like 21 % and still going up and would have probably be at something like 25 % ( may be less with macron who gained massive momentum too but he might have been favorized by bayrou joining him and the scandal hitting fillon ),
