  fillon is becoming one too recently . 
  made my day . 
  i think most of us do n't care because at the end of the day , we just want shits to be one . 
  personally for all i care , it could be a trasngender japanese weabo or some crap that would be seen as `` abnormal '' , as long as the job is being done i would n't mind . 
  one of the reason why i was so triggered when i heard back then when there was sarkozy vs royal , that some people would vote for royal because she 's a woman . 
  gender or sexual orientation is the least of our when it comes to politics . 
  yeah true . 
  i 've been baptized and yet i 've became an atheist and my parents are ok with it . 
  i think it was more as a tradition because we 're catholics . 
  as a french , i can tell you seriously : fuck cdg airport . 
  for such a huge airport , it 's really bad . 
  anyway , i ca n't answer all your questions but i can speak about marine le pen . 
  for now , le pen ( according to the polls ) have about 25-30 % support . 
  her support definitely growed because of the immigration and the two terrorist attacks we endured.obviously because it happened , some people became very very emotive and find the current politics not effectiv and want somethign to break it down =  le front national , marine le pen party . 
  but even if her popularity growed , historically the fn never won the second round when they reach this far.ultimetaly , most people remember that the fn is a party of hypocrites and rascistes . 
  while her support clearly become more important , it 's still small and considered too extreme . 
  it 's important also to note , that in france , the more educated you are , the less you vote for the fn ( with a huge difference ), 
  i understand what he says tbh . 
  i do n't think he 's necessarely wrong but giving the history of eu , we basically always tried to ascend dominance on the others . 
  and the two world wars started in eu . 
  i think if eu breaks down , nationalism can emerge again and possibly lead to conflict or some cold war like tension . 
  in any case , i think most of us today would be against it.i refuse to think we 're dumb enough to split and leave the overall progress we made . 
  there is too many . 
  i did n't visit everything but i really enjoyed germany , cologne . 
  chill city , people were super nice with me ( my english was n't that good back then ) . overall clean city , not very expensive etc. . amsterdam was beautiful.clearly bike lands as well xd . 
  but i did n't stay long to these place , i just have good memories about them . 
  we pretty much assumed that english in the language to learn to speak to each other . 
  as you said there is so many languages , we ca n't learn them all . 
  north countries like sweden , finland etc. . and netherlands , germany have very good english level . 
  my country is iirc , the worst in western europe ( it piss me off because our country is the most visited in the world ) . but basically italy , spain are n't good either . 
  someone who will travel a lot in europe for work or just as a hobby will probably learn more than just english though . 
  i know my cousin speak 7 languages ( french obviously , english , german , finnish , italian , spanish and recently polish ) but it 's because her work made her move to these locations frequently . 
  i think most young europeans feel the same overall . 
  in the sense that most of them feel the future is with europe and not in isolationism . 
  no.it 's not `` less safe '' . 
  the chance are still low.in fact , it 's because it 's so uncommon and rare that i believe when something is happening , everyone and everything is talking about it . 
  europe is already an area that many talks about so when things like this happen , it get blown out of proportion . 
  not saying it should n't be talked about , but some people genuiely thought by example , that france was becoming a war zone . 
  that paris had terrorists everywhere with gunfights all the time . 
  it 's obviously not . 
  clean . 
  seriously i stopped there for just an hour or two before taking another flight to malaysia and that 's the first thing i thought about it . 
  in france , it 's not disgusting , but it 's definitely not as clean as i hope it would be ( well . . many people and a lot of them can be disrespectful about their surroundings ... ), 
  i do n't think so . 
  i know myself i consider myself french but i fully embrace the fact that i 'm also an european . 
  in that way , i feel concerned when something is happening in the countries who are in the eu . 
  but i 'm still born in france , i had its culture first and then the european culture got mixed in to the point that today , i ca n't think of being french and only french . 
  i consider myself french european ( as weird as it sounds ), 
  yes , jean marie le pen always had 10-20 % when he lost to chirac , he lost 18 % to 82 % then marine came in and she 's less fascist.or at least , she does n't say the same things than her father so she appears less radical . 
  but if it was n't for the recent unfortunate events ( immigration along with terrorism ) i do n't think she would have half of her support . 
  the fn historically has been seen as a bunch of hypocrite ( they critize things they do themselves ) and they 're always involved in corruption cases . 
  ( they 're not the only one ... ), 
  * heavy breathing *, 
  agreed :(, 
  as much as le pen popularity is rising , because of the two rounds system and the fact that except her stance on immigration , all the rest is too extreme it 's certainly going to be like in 2002 with chirac against le pen . 
  the majority will turn against le pen because of their extreme and hypocrisy ( our politcians are not loved , le pen is not exception ... ) in the end i 'm pretty sure she 'll end with something like 30-35 % against 65-70 % . 
  sure , things could change , but historically , people usually remember that it 's not worth to vote for the far right wing that is le pen and her party . 
  the majority of us i 'm sure , understand how delusional she is . 
  i mean , i 'm more for controlled immigration . 
  we can have them but not too much as they unfortunetaly tend to become a problem since too much of them do not integrate . 
  fillon just said he feels sorry for him . 
  the fuck ? 
  you can recreate the world with some `` if '' . 
  certainly they were all in the same bag of shit . 
  french elections this year looks like a fucking tv drama . 
  i do n't know if you 're french or not , but hearing fillon yesterday `` rallying '' his party back to him made me really embarassed . 
  that was le pen level shit right there . 
  is n't dublin , berlin , frankf\u00fcrt good ? 
  lmao , is that marine ? 
  did it like ... 9 years ago ? in high school . 
  to try to flirt with some girls : x now i do n't use it , it 's just a waste of time imo . 
  usually yes unless some scandals happens . 
  damn , i thought they had , bad memory from me . 
  is n't russia the country with the most billionnaire in europe ? 
  for information : the less educated you are in france , the more you vote for fn . 
  i have to find the graph back , but that 's basically that . 
  fn is counting on idiots.and i 'm not even sorry to call some of my fellow french citizens like this , it 's unacceptable to have people like this who have access to informations , free education and so on in most case to be so narrow minded and ignorant . 
  i 've yet to have a smart discussion with one of them . 
  i at least want to know , how they want to do half of her program without ruining our country . 
  he already did , just no details . 
  just like we knew about marine le pen intent but now we know the details . 
  he said he will show the details before the end of the month . 
  i 'm also leaning for macron because so far i think he 's the most realist and i believe cooperation with eu will make us all stronger . 
  but if his program is another bag of crap like marine , i 'm voting for someone else . 
  he speaks well but i 'll wait the details that 's sure . 
  no no , the rich she does n't care.she cares about the below average and the average . 
  she said so , so it must be true . 
  but seriously though , she 's a giant hypocrite it 's scary . 
  that 's what i dare anyone supporting her to explain me . 
  with facts , proofs , economical theory whatever . 
  explain to me how the fuck do we get better by being left on our own ?? 
  the responses : eu will not steal anymore , arabs thiefs families wo n't be ther eanymore so we 'll have more money and can rebuild our great society . 
  what the fuck ? 
  no you do n't get it . 
  she 's talking in the name of the people . 
  she knows our struggle you know ? / s, 
  if anything , i know the more educated you are , the less you vote for le pen in france.i 'll try to find the graphs where i 've seen it . 
  this basically . 
  she 's embarassing . 
  seriously she is , i mean what the hell ? she lives in some kind of bubble it 's obvious .
