  this is n't the kind of news i like to read on sunday . 
  no way i 'm coming down here friend . 
  but you are still with us :(, 
  i expected a much lower score , wtf ? 
  iirc their taxes are higher than france . 
  same here in france , i have to actually disable it before cooking or the alarm destroys my earing . 
  i know some people would die happy to see that . 
  oh my god i did n't understand what toulouse had to do here . 
  exactly . 
  it 's still our right and really does n't take much time to do so . 
  his attitude from him and his `` lieutenant '' were dissapointing to say the least after the second round . 
  wtf ? seriously wtf ? 
  let 's see how it goes . 
  my gf too . 
  as much as i like this , the others countries needs to join that `` feeling . '', 
  not like they 're against it , but let 's not forget this is an union , not just french-german relation . 
  elaborate ? 
  true german . 
  because i refuse to think a long lasting alliance can be undone with just a fucking moron of a president who will bethere for 4 years . 
  a country does n't change in just 4 years , we 're more than this . 
  i mock americans anytime really , but i still consider them our allies.their gouvernment might be `` anoying '' right now but they 're not the whole country . 
  we can say hello and goodbye if that help . 
  trump is an issue , but we should n't consider these 326 millions of citizens like him . 
  the us gouvernment sure is immature right now but the us are still some of our closest allies . 
  just an election talk . 
  as a french , we do n't need theresa may to laugh about uk , it 's just national duty / s, 
  i do n't like its floor but the rest is great . 
  hum ... at least he 's funny !, 
  na dude , she promised she would save the factory and their job by having the state buying it . 
  for fuck sake i 'm glad she 's gone . 
  i would be distracted in an office like this . 
  would prefer to lie down instead of working . 
  - perkele - land of metal bands - laponia ( i 'm not sure about its name ) is beautiful . 
  i 've also met a finnish girl recently who is like the most crazy girl i 've met ( in a good way , she 's curious about anything here in france ) and is attracting guys around her like a magnet . 
  what ? do n't you like `` the voice '' , `` koh lanta '' and others great shows like this ? they 're great . 
  ... no but seriously i 'm glad we have arte . 
  the attack on titan like city . 
  this is gorgeous o_o, 
  need to go on strike . 
  they excluded le maire and phillipe . 
  what a bunch of kids seriously , being the opposition just do say `` we `` re the opposition ! '', 
  that 's their fetish really . 
  relevant comic : http://extrafabulouscomics.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/sports.png, 
  as a person , he seems like a nice man . 
  as a politician , he 's just not that good.he 's not terrible but he 's quite disappointing . 
  after 5 years under his presidency , he did n't make the country insanely worse but did n't really help it much either . 
  we do n't care about the political wives/husbands . 
  unless they have a specific role related to politics , we just know who they are but that 's it . 
  not really , some of them are but the lr are still a `` block '' . not many of them moved from what i 've seen . 
  after all , for many of them , macron is from the left . 
  it 's like 21 here in orl\u00e9ans but it 's raining and i feel like it 's already warm x_x, 
   what the hell is up with those squat-and-shit-in-the-hole toilets on french campings though ? 
  those are gross as fuck . 
  i have no idea either.just looks like complete abandon or lazyness from the people charged of taking care of it . 
  some rumours says someone from the right to divide the lr . 
  only indication we have is : someone relatively new but with a certain experience . 
  i just think it wo n't be someone from the left/hard left , so either someone frm the right or someone like you said : social liberal/democrat . 
  valls is n't liked by many since a few years . 
  from some sources , apparently macron really did n't like him either , because macron went to convince people from the right to vote for a law . 
  for about 500 hours he tried until he finally succeed just to have valls pass the law anyway by the 49.3 ( forcing from the majority ) because he did n't want this law to be approved because of some voice from the right . 
  a fucking dick move if that 's real if you ask me . 
  yeah especially . 
  for a long time , europe was `` i have the biggest dick here ! '', 
  `` no it 's me ! '', 
  especially between french and english people . 
  she remembered that black is bad that 's why her spell did n't work . 
   to be honest i would n't be surprised ( i 'm french ) that this joke can be the easiest to trigger a french . 
  it 's easily taken as an insult for every soldiers that fought for our country can tell you all my family uncles , grandpas etc. . . who fought in the ww2 are triggered whenever they hear that . 
  some of them come from the colonies , which were heavily used by france . 
  https://twitter.com/lobs_live/status/861854691919114240?s=09 basically , someone already has his place . 
  but things can change of course.at best he 'll become a deputee , but that 's it . 
  does n't want him . 
  they accept his support but nothing more . 
  i find that many people forget that the ue is the most ambitious project ever created . 
  it 's basically bringining together a region with multiples countries and very long history so with their differences , their culture and everything together . 
  the ue is n't even 100 years old and i think it wo n't be perfectly united before a long time but we ca n't give it up just because it 's difficult . 
  together we 're strong , divided we fall , today more than anything we ca n't let ourselves scatter . 
  edit : typo, 
  because m\u00e9lenchon took some of them from le pen . 
  but the part apparently was really small . 
  as a french , i get some tears in my eyes everytime i see this classic . 
  what the fuck, 
  they 're entertaining at least . 
  i see it as a subreddit made for shitshow . 
  yeah shame , move on now , i 'm a bad person . 
  ok sorry random retard . 
  i think my gf is going to leave me and run at his legs now , she 's having an eurogasm . 
   arthur est un perroquet how the hell did you learn this xd, 
  we got you friend , 
  eh no worries , we french do n't like to admit your food because it 's true :d so i take the easy route and like both of them equally , 
  well , i like his program i really do but we still have the legislatives elections to wait . 
  i mean , they probably do n't know much about their own country so ... 
   ( inferior , but still pretty good ) i love you italian brother , but this will not go well . 
  trully a man that can unite us !, 
  she 's basically like marine : crazy and full of lies to the point that it 's obvious . 
  sure , her pretty face would definitely fit more , what 's better for the party of `` true patriots '' to have a good looking blonde lady , representing the beauty but also the strength of the frenchs . 
  but as i said , she 's pretty stupid.she 's literraly like le pen , never speaking about the project but always attacking her opponent . 
  man , internet is really great to see such retards like you vomiting their `` alternative facts . '', 
   macron want to give a big boost to our military to fight terrorism in france and outside of france . 
  not really , military for the outside of france but inside europe ( because this is way beyond our borders and he 's not the only who understand it ) he wants a lot more ways for intelligence agencies to cooperate in europe .
