  i understand very well not wanting to vote especially in france because it seems all our politicians are corrupt . 
  but then do n't complain about it after like we french are so good to do ( going on strikes ) . 
  big example this year : `` oh i do n't know who to vote for but fillon would be a terrible choice '' . 
  then vote against him ? 
  `` ah but hamon/m \u00e9lenchon / etc. . is an idiot '' it 's the type of logic that is frustrating to witness . 
  all of them has been calling the other `` not good '' almost all the time . 
  flawless argument really . 
  not . 
  i wish we had this in france . 
  something important to note is that : the more educated you are , the less you vote for fn and more for the ps or even the lr ( left and right ) . 
  fn is often seen as `` irrational '' . 
  not that the people voting for le pen are dumb ( some of them are ... but blind fanatics exist in every party ) but it 's a problem of bad informations imo . 
  every candidate speaks about security and frankly , they all have interesting ideas . 
  but for some reason , some people only see le pen , certainly because they have this irrational fear that tells them `` it 's only the migrant 's fault '' . 
  heck , macron was telling to unite with eu and have a full control of the borders , which would be a huge progress . 
  damn , i 've heard it was france but i was n't sure . 
  thanks for clearing that up , 
  i honestly think you can have a good quality of life in any of these countries . 
  there is n't a lot of differences . 
  personally , i live very well here in france , even though i 'm not rich at all ( and my gf wins less than me for now ) . 
  i think it 's good unless you have luxury tastes . 
  but i understand the confusion.canada , norway , iceland etc. . are regulary noted to be great countries for living . 
  yet , i believe french people are the most anti-depressor consumers in europe . 
  i do n't know ... i 'm happy with my life personally ( 35 hours/week work is great really . ), 
  i thought he was joking.scary . . 
  i do n't know about the others , but i remember clearly during highschool ( so learning about the french colonial empire , the world wars etc. . ) that france were absolutely not an example . 
  we learned that yes , french empire wa sbig , the second after the british but for this competition we were not `` sp ^ reading '' our civilized lifestyle or knowledge to them but just dominating them . 
  heck , we 've learned most of the french fighters during the 2nd world war were from the colonies too . 
  what i 've learned actually the most from her ( the teacher ) is that colonization could have been done much better . 
  le pen and the fn are a living scandal but their supporters do n't care . 
  heck , i 've heard some of them being proud of marine stealing money to the eu because the eu are thiefs anyway . 
  just show how some of our people in france are in a reality denial . 
  it 's frightening , of course colonization was done so badly that it can be called a crime against humanity . 
  iirc , the french colonial empire killed about 10 millions people during its time ( about 1520 or something up to 1980 ) . 
  yes it 's a long period but yes they were n't exactly kind on their colonies . 
  and seeing these people bashing on macron for stating this suck.it 's a fact , we have no responsability to it but yes it happened . 
  can you imagine what would happen if merkel or someone in politics says `` the 3rd reich did a crime against humanity '' and some germans get angry at her ? 
  may be macron did n't have to point out that it was a crime but still , getting pissy and angry for this ? 
  yes sure , let 's be angry at something that happened in the past and has never been in our control whatsoever now . 
  i just do n't get how you can `` dislike '' someone for stating a truth . 
  i would have understand more if he said something like `` yes , the french people today are not smart '' . 
  and now i 'm pissed . 
  when you love polandball . 
  i remember and even had some vhs of them . 
  but i 'm french , it was quite popular for little kids . 
  then do n't say it 's `` nice '' . it 's a sad joke if her program ever get on tracks . 
  edit : there is n't a single absolutely perfect program . 
  so at least we should be smart and not pick the one who is completely delusional especially on the long term . 
  that 's exactly that.it 's fucking sad really . 
  you obviously have n't read her program if you think she 's a good choice . 
  it 's literraly fixing one problem but add 10 more . 
  no thanks , i do n't want my country to face another economic crisis . 
  that 's sad :(, 
  the movie had me laughing so much . 
  you ca n't imagine how i find it sad that in a country like france who is normally a `` rich and educated '' country , you can have people who vote for her thinking that she 's definitely a good choice . 
  i mean , god damn , in general politicians are not exactly `` perfect '' . 
  so at least let 's take someone who is not you know ... already proven to be corrupt right ? 
  i mean it 's kind of crazy , some of the offense a politician can do that would probably ruin the professional life of a common person , but a politician can in some situation ( like here ) be barely hit by this . 
  if anything , the fn voters will say it ' `` s a good thing to screw eu anyway . 
  that 's why i said many times i ca n't have a rational discussion with any of them . 
  not talking only about the fn voters but all the voters who will blindly vote for someone no matter what happens even though this person is more or less hurting their values and sometimes their life . 
  i just . . do n't know . 
  iirc , some of the supports of fillon ( financially speaking ) already joined him . 
  i do n't think fillon is going to be voted with for the second round . 
  2 motnhs before the election and every week he looks worse . 
  but le pen is also taking a hit right now ( she 's involved in a scandal aswell and she 's denying it of course ) . 
  it 's almost certain she will be at the second round because her followers are fanatics who will vote no matter what she does . 
  but it 's very likely the other partys will unite against her since they have more in common than with le pen . 
  it 's so lovely . 
  we 'll have automatically a more `` active `` global role if we 're already strong together no ? 
  it 's funny because for the fn voters , it 's a good attitude to `` screw anything european '' . 
  is n't that obvious ? 
  the french empire as powerful and spread as it was , was n't exactly kind on their colonies ... 
  but orochis keep fucking me in for honor with my warden :(, 
  and i really do n't understand because many of these informations can be verified . 
  did n't even know there were people/anything saying that o_o reminds me after the bataclan 's attack in paris , fox news said it was basically a war zone . -_-, 
  seriously though , having sex is a benefit most of the time ( assuming it 's well done ) . 
  i mean , we 're human after all , it helps us . 
  france : orl\u00e9ans . 
  it 's shit . 
  ido n't understand them so i do n't know . 
  then how does it work ? 
  the german swiss is n't quite like german . 
  why is it `` controversial '' ? 
  it does n't seems crazy either . 
  i ca n't read all the article because my phone is a piece of shit . 
  france : most arrogant : france . 
  that 's fucking right . 
  no problem . 
  i actually would n't mind these values as i consider them to exist in other eu countries especially the `` fraternit\u00e9 '' between us . 
  but since we 're very proud , we might probably go on strike for no reason . 
  i 'd say she 's as bad as him . 
  i mean , when you reach this level of hypocrisy and bullshit , there is no worse or better . 
  there is just `` this shit '' and that 's all . 
  if you live here , you respect the country and its people , do n't try to force them to change for you and work/participate in the society , you can call it your nation . 
  since fillon clearly lost some of its follower base and is probably going to loose more ( or straight up leave the competition if he 's investigated as he said . ), 
  i 'm pretty sure most of them would be for macron though . 
  it did n't look like the fillon followers are very open for le pen though.she 's not really well seen . 
  heck , an argument among them is to vote for fillon because `` anything but le pen . '', 
  that 's bs .
