  to act as a bloc . 
  but he 's not president and has literraly no power on that , heck , many of us does n't . 
  i feel with more information from our medias , there would have certainly be some protests . 
  i do n't even know how to feel . 
  i 'll just laugh i guess . 
  it 's something like 20 \u00b0 here in france , orl\u00e9ans.it 's too hot :(, 
  i 'm pretty sure she does n't want things to escalate too fast and too high . 
  better being careful may be . 
  this basically . 
  i 'm all for europe and proud of it but we 're nowhere near usa as a statut of `` world leader `` except on the economic aspect i guess . 
  i 'm pretty sure he is . 
  tbh , i thought this was the norm . 
  i still do n't understand why it 's allowed . 
  so much for a person saying she 's anti globalist or some crap . 
  i feels like this is true in france . 
  i 've been to various place and there are always some group of `` cool kids '' consuming it . 
  i like it personaly . 
  even macron who is pro-eu is n't saying the eu does n't need a reform you know . 
  please saying she is popular toward younger people . 
  younger people are not in majority going to vote or interested by her . 
  many are also with m\u00e9lenchon or even macron so i could say the same for them . 
  the day she will present her plan with rationality and ideology toward progress instead of hiding behind insutls and vague answers , i will no longer `` hate '' her . 
  she may have her core of voters , that does n't change the fact that most of us consider her a danger for good reason considering her program . 
  having someone like her as the president will definitely bring more harm than any good because of her low approval . 
  le pen a great candidate ? 
  a candidate that want us out of the eu , bring us back to our former currency , want to increase military control at the borders and so on . 
  all of this takes money , it will be about 180 billions of euro to get out of the eu and she wants to do all these `` reforms '' . 
  but of course any time people are asking her a critical question she either : insult the media or avoid the question . 
  yes great candidate 10/10 will vote for such an hypocrite who say `` speaking for the people '' when she has never ever had to try to get into her place because her name is enough for that . 
  natural hot springs ? 
  to be honest , it does n't seems he 's getting a lot of hate anymore . 
  i remember when he presented his program , many were more like `` ok it 's not a devil or something , it 's actually interesting . '', 
  he does n't want to leave the eu if the eu speaks on his term . 
  knowing the eu has 27 countries , this sound very selfish and egocentric . 
  immigration is n't his main concern.but he spoke about it , basically saying that instead of closing our borders , it 's the eu borders who sould have a lot more supports and means to defend them . 
  immigration itself is n't bad , but it should be controlled . 
  that 's what i heard from him on a meeting , but i 'll check in his detailed program . 
  if we 're talking about the eu and only the eu ( and these are just ideas ) , macron is definitely the good guy . 
  he wants a lot more cooperation between us on military , fiscal , international aspects etc. . . 
  i mean ... i know some of my female friend who would n't mind to taste him . 
  youtube comments are full of retards/dumbass and whatever mean names i can use for this type of video . 
  she 's the leader of the national front ( front national , a far right party ) . 
   nationalists consider their country to be above others , and want to put their country first i hate this so much . 
  i know very well france is an old country with massive culture , strenghts etc. . . but some people it really get to their head that we 're actually the very best . 
  it 's so much better to acknowledge that the other countries are also good and we can learn from them jsut like they can learn from us . 
  / r/france in a nutshell ( not all of them sure ), 
  m\u00e9lenchon straight up won completely during the 2012 election i remember . 
  it 's on youtube and pretty popular . 
  i obviously didi n't see everything from her in debate . 
  but most of the time , when she 's called on some aspect of what she said/propose with facts and numbers , she avoid the question or straight up respond by saying `` but look at what you 're doing , it 's not better it 's even worse . '', 
  so no i do n't find her good , i 'm pretty sure as usual , when there will be the debate the 20 mars , she will hide herself by pointing the others , or saying `` it 's normal for you because you 're from this system the french are trying to get rid off . '', 
  the usual stuff ... politicians usually are the master of avoiding a question by telling a resume or a thesis that does n't even have a lot to do with the question or the debate just to avoid to respond to some embarassing questions . 
  i do n't fucking get it.but hearing some of the people at the trocadero place sunday during his `` meeting '' , it 's fair to say it 's just the usual fanatics any candidate have . 
  that 's still quite scary . 
  most of them do n't even know ... at least for those i 've asked ( at the university , on internet etc. ... ) just like you said it feels like many are like `` eu is taking away our sovereignty '' `` eu is useless '' some will tell you it brings unfair competitivity because of the eastern countries ( where compagnies will move their production there for lower salaries ) i can kind of agree with that but it 's a problem that is blown out of proportion like many ... 
  most important most of them do n't even know all the advantage we have by being in the eu . 
  i feel like this is more like an education problem ( and refusal to inform themselves ) eu is n't perfect at all , but hearing by example `` we have to leave eu for our agriculture '' when the huge majority of our exports are made thanks to the eu is quite shocking . 
  to think that in december , i was rooting for him ... 
  i believe we wo n't get out . 
  but that 's just my impression . 
  but realisticaly speaking i do n't know.i ca n't read the mind of so many people , i just believe that most of us do n't hate it but many are dissapointed with it . 
   how is fillon surviving ? 
  what is the counter-argument that his followers are believing ? 
  they 're basically saying that it 's an attack against him.that only him can restore france greatness , you know the usual stuff of closed minded supporters . 
  so he still have a very loyal core of followers just like marine le pen has . 
  i do n't know much about austria , but it was such a big problem ? 
  i heard more people than before went to present themselves to be able to vote at the elections . 
  but that was just at the tv , did n't see some statistics . 
  the fn is a fascist party , it does n't matter that she tried to `` soften '' the image because they unfortunately for them , have to remind it sometimes . 
  it would be foolish to think that in just 10-15 years , the ideas are completely vanished . 
  i remember macron is for a multi-speed europe . 
  do n't have to force the others to catch us on the `` big ones '' in a record time . 
  you obviously did n't read or you would have tell me to quit my job . 
  would n't it be the 3rd time she 's elected if it happens ? quite impressive . 
  and he 's a former banker.which clearly is worse than anything in the world . 
  mostly because she 's an hypocrite and irrational . 
  she 's mostly attracting people 's feelings/impressions . 
  she also refuse to debate when she 's proved wrong ( happened with m\u00e9lenchon in 2012 ) her party is so often caugh in some scandals that it 's basically becoming the norm for them . 
  but overall , she 's from the far right.her ideologies ( her and the party ) are too extreme . 
  i do n't think aswell , after all he did n't really go easy on macron either . 
  i thought we french were making more jokes about british . 
  and i thought they were making more jokes about us . 
  on economy he 's pretty liberal.not entirely , but someone who support the right could easily fit there . 
  ( already happened . ), 
  elections are the 23 april . 
  there is 5 major candidate for now . 
  there are some others but they 're way too small to be relevant unfortunetaly for them . 
  macron is only neo-liberal on economy . 
  i thought he was pretty even with merkel ? 
  but he 's gay !, 
  this group i 'm unfortunately working with are stupid . 
  hopefully we 're not in the same section as i 'm leaving the next month . 
  with the upcoming elections , everyone has their own thoughts and ideas . 
  but usually , none talks about it , except in their group of friends of course . 
  except obviously this group of fn supporters who has to voice their opinion on everything and anything and somehow links every problems to immigration . 
  so may be all their voters are not idiots , but this group is just embarassing . 
  not everything is wrong in our society . 
  some measures have just been poorly done . 
  macron program sounds more realistic and pragmatic . 
  no i actually like hearing their arguments without solid ground or facts .
