  this is so crazy that we can have people in france who seriously think she 's right . 
  i just want to ask `` how ??? '', 
  how does she wants to do all of this without ruining our country ? 
  i think as usual , most of the others party will unite against her but still , that 's scary . 
  ( btw we already have the best food and the best wine mio amico . 
  source : me and my non biased pride . ), 
  dude , he did n't show his program for now . 
  i mean , he talked a lot about it and said his desires and abit about how he wants to do.but no details for now . 
  he 's not the only one who did n't ... 
  he said he will before the end of the month , if they 're just a bag of crap like le pen , we can start bashing him . 
  i do n't follow it a lot myself , so i can only say what my gf told me ( she follows it ) : if i have to compare , she 's almost nothing like marine le pen in the sense that may be some of what she can says in under fn color , but she sounds less lunatic and more realistic . 
  but that 's it.it 's not like she 's in the same situation than her aunt . 
  polls historically in france are reliable especially when coming to the fn . 
  if the fn goes the second run , it 's basically certain most people will turn against it . 
  everyone use catchphrases.but at least there is content and for some , there is some realism . 
  stopping immigration is one thing.making all the changes she wants without ruining us economically is just impossible unless we somehow find a way to create money out of our butt . 
  if i had to choose between hamon or m\u00e9lenchon , it would be hamon for sure . 
  if between hamon or macron , it would be macron . 
  as i said m\u00e9lenchon was interesting but that 's it . 
  i watched her 1 hour meeting and i can resume it in a few words . 
  immigration is bad , vive la france !, 
  that 's it , she just uses buzzwords in her sentences to make it sound more powerful but her program is realistically impossible . 
  yeah there were a lot of eu flags , my gf was waving one haha . 
  watched it from paris , very impressive i must say . 
  i 'm still leaning toward macron for now but i can at least say jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon is at least interesting . 
  pretty sure you already are sansa , 
  is the italian `` sign language `` is because of this picture we have from them talking a lot while moving their hands ? 
   and if you think that `` french people are rude '' , please go outside paris . 
  there 's more to france than just paris . 
  i ca n't upvote this enough mon ami . 
  we do n't like parisians . 
  parisians do n't like parisians . 
  true story . 
  i will guess that a `` if it 's not affecting us , it 's not a threat '' mentality . 
  if trump continue on his road , it might get higher . 
  so i do n't have the right to be attracted to what he said ? 
  do n't get it either , i like this guy and will probably vote for him ( unless he start going full retard ) but that has very little with eu lol . 
  basically every party understand the `` enemy '' is marine and her party . 
  when i tell her supporters that she lives in a bubble they get angry . 
  my gf is currently at lyon ( where there was the meeting ) to see her family.she overheard some of her supporters with some ridiculous comments like `` france is going to be the best again . 
  '' ( what the fuck ? ), 
  note that there was n't many persons at the meeting compared to macron though . 
  great news :d, 
  can tell you if it was in france it would have been a giant trashcan . 
  not exactly that but that far away from this either : / it 's just they always have the same argument : immigration is destroying our culture . 
  so according to this , i should have flirt with my mid aged economic teacher and my english teacher since we exchanged some enjoyable conversations ? 
  damn i 'm stupid . 
  that 's my biggest issue with them . 
  emotion is one thing , but logic has to be applied when voting for a presidential candidate . 
  macron and hamon seems to have a lot of appeal in the youth at least from my university . 
  le pen is seen as a lunatic but she has a very loyal `` fanbase '' . 
  but in the end , i think it 'll do like with jacques chirac against jean-marie le pen ( in 2002 ) where he finished with 82 % . 
  i doubt we 'll have such an overwhelming result but i think it 'll still be a majority . 
  and an embarassement . 
  i 'll be fine sharing alsace , will make us french learn another language than french . 
  anytime i 'm starting to have a `` debate '' with one of her voters/followers , they get angry when i expose facts . 
  i love these so much . 
  iirc he was supporting fillon and even told him to present himself as he does n't care about the accusations . 
  in all honesty , i think it will give her a significant boost and even grant her the win but that 's just a supposition . 
  why ? 
  because when this happen , we get run by emotions , and she will take advantage of it with her trump-like speech with things like `` these people hurt our families , childrens '' and other buzzwords she can find to play on us . 
  even if she 'll bring 0 arguments to her programs . 
  when you get emotional , you do n't think logically or at least not enough.some of us will seriously think that leaving europe and closing our borders will magically fix our problems . 
  she fucks almost everything . 
  do n't know how to describe this better really . 
  that 's the most important . 
  what makes a country ( angela merkel represent germany ) the leader of the free world ? 
  honestly made me feel bad , what the hell are wrong with these people ? 
  that is sadly how limited some of our people have become after the terrorist events ... . 
  yes indeed.i just hope not bad surprises . 
  well , the most basic idea needed for most of them is to be pro-eu . 
  most of them do not `` hate '' every candidate except le pen ( a few of them who consider her though . . ) they think they all have good points , it 's just that fillon was more appealing to them overall . 
  since fillon is n't there anymore , they consider voting for either macron or hamon . 
  i do n't know who they 're going to choose honestly except for my closest friends who are definitely going for macron now . 
  sorry i just went full french :(, 
  i have some friends who were for fillon and are pretty depressed about this . 
  feel like treason . 
  most likely most of them will vote for macron or hamon . 
  i do n't know for the others , i 'm pretty sure some will vote for le pen unfortunately . 
  edit : treason , not trahison :(, 
  yeah paris is really great but you have to come with a program if you want to make it worth your time and even the frenchs who are not from here can arrive to paris and leave dissapointed ( hence the paris syndrome ) . 
  hopefully my cousin lives there so i 'm always enjoying my time . 
  concerning cologne , i went there once !, 
  but just for 3 days though , still went to the shokoladenmuseum and especially the perfum museum for my mum lol . 
  did n't visit that much though but the atmosphere was enjoyable . 
  i remember there were a lot of people with bikes and some reading books in the grass with some squirrels not too far away . 
  i intend to visit germany later anyway since i have a close friend who is going to marry a german in a year or so and want to invite us after ( in frankf\u00fcrt ), 
  and he dared spreading bs in front of cameras saying everything is legal . 
  i was watching him at the tv when he said that , thinking `` hey he looks confident , may be he 's right '' but everything went worse . 
  i would really say la bretagne ( britany ) in summer . 
  myself i went there a few years ago and it was really wonderful . 
  but it 's not `` paris '' so i think with our awful education in english , it can be hard to really appreciate everything there . 
  the region alsace-loraine is also good , strasbourg ( the main city ) is lovely and there is the proximity with germany that is appealing ( there is also europa park there ) . 
  there is a lot more , but i think la bretagne is really great to see . 
  that 's what i intend to do in 2 years with my gf normally . 
  we have this luck in europe to have so many great countries next to us , it would be foolish to not take a look :3, 
  sorry mate . 
  as a french i hope he wins but he did n't reveal his full program for now . 
  still , i share his vision who is imo much more realistic than this embarassing person that is marine lepen who think all the bad happening to france is obviously the eu and immigration x_x, 
  curious about it as well .
