   i fully understand why the french electorate would vote for her though , what happened at the bataclan was horrible . 
  if using bataclan 's attack as an argument for the future of france i would be seriously embarassed of my country . 
  if we were to listen to her , every problems that affect the country is either europe or immigration . 
  in her fantasy world , france is beautiful and is perfect on her own . 
  please do : x, 
  you 're saying bs . 
  i 'm french , i know some areas have some issues with arabs/muslims but in the big majority , they do n't . 
  france is still a `` white '' country if that 's really worrying you . 
  i 'm not sure of the grammar but : - pierogis ( that thing was so tasty ! ), 
  - golabki - potato pancakes ( i do n't remember its name in polish it was too long :d ) - zrazy there were some other things may be but that 's the one i remember the one especially the pierogis . 
  i do n't know and i do n't like it , _ ,, 
  only things i know is that they have underrated food dynamic cities the witcher . 
  other things are just my impressions because i spend one week there with my family and some friends of my aunt . 
  they drink so much alcohol . 
  compared to france , religion ( christianism ) is more present ( not in a bad way , we just have more atheists ) . 
  the few people i 've talked with were genuiely happy to speak with me , and that was surprising to me ( very different from paris ... ), 
  that 's great news :d, 
  germany , ireland , spain are doing good right now ... 
  ca n't believe shit like this can exist in `` educated '' countries ... and she comes from france . 
  kill me please . 
  fuck you , you and your not so slightly better healthcare ? 
  yes that 's it . 
  i know things ca n't be perfect , but i do n't want us in the future to be a superpower to fear about but more to share with or dream about . 
  is n't a stronger europe be able to make every of its member `` stronger '' anyway ? 
  i do n't want us to dominate the world , i want us to be one of its leader in the construction of its future and i wish all of us europeans can call each others , brothers and sisters . 
  i doubt it , all over the country , her followers in the party are quitting . 
  yeah , i 'm ready for it < 3, 
  i smell attack on titans . 
  i guess fillon is done . 
  how do you know people do n't want it ? 
  i believe most europeans at least believe that the future will be better for us if there is cooperation . 
  that 's quite obvious.especially a rich market like this one . 
  but some trade deals might be able to have a `` okay '' replacement i guess . 
  yesterday i did travel my eyes for second over the youtube video about the us ambassador for the eu . 
  facepalmed so hard it did hurt me : /, 
  that was heartwarming . 
  nice , thank you :d, 
  many of the left is following him at least.but benoit hamon is saying he 's center not left . 
  the left is divided on so many things right now ... 
  ikr ? what the hell . 
  you do n't go to quick ( soon burger king ) too much right ? 
  you buy your drink but you can refill it as much as you want after . 
  cool story bro . 
  remind me of never , ever read the comments of youtube again . 
  my fucking god i want to smash my head against the wall . 
  yeah and 2012 was supposed to be the end of the world . 
  i know i 'm exagerating but come on , we do n't know what is going to happen . 
  i do n't know what to think about this case with his wife . 
  heard him talking on tf1 ( tv channel in france ) and he was too evasive on the questions only saying that he 's disgusted by the actions of these people attacking his wife . 
  but he did n't really respond the questions , saying everything is perfectly legal and fine . 
  let 's see how it goes i guess . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  wow . 
  i like it . 
  poor italians ... 
  i doubt it , bayrou does n't seems to have a lot of voters anymore so i doubt it ' be enough but we never know : x, 
  what the hell is wrong with her ? 
  laughed so hard to the part with the build water i do n't know why . 
  i. . . do n't know what to think . 
  iirc , de gaulle was against because he thought uk was a `` american '' agent . 
  to close to us and not european enough . 
  someone correct me please because i 've red that stuff long ago : x, 
  from what i 've heard , she 's loosing a lot of supporters in her party . 
  i do n't know if it 's going to have an impact though . 
  there are many people leaving her party in france from i 've heard too . 
  true . 
  ah my daily dose of embarassement from our beloved madame le pen !, 
  it 's that bad ? 
  : / i mean , i know we europeans like to makes fun of us people but i ca n't think it 's that bad ... 
  1 . best : the food . 
  worst : the parisians . 
  2 . i 'm not sure but i 'd say basically anything that is n't paris especially for outside europe . 
  3 . bretagne in the west.i went there many times , it was n't that expensive and it was wonderful . 
  mont saint-michel is very impressiv to see and to visit ( do n't buy anything there , it 's expansive since it 's full of tourists ), 
  mostly a stereotype just like we say uk are fats and only eat junk foods . 
  i mean , like with many countries , girls shaves their armpits/legs . 
  as a french , she 's frankly an embarassement.sometimes i 'm listening to her and i 'm like `` oh it has some potential , it 's a cool idea/suggestion . '', 
  then she says some dumb shits and i have to facepalm . 
  i certainly hope not that any of this happen . 
  i swear if my country leave eu one day , i 'm leaving it aswell and join one of the eu state . 
  i 'm french and i 'm not interested in charlie hebdo most of the time . 
  i mean , sometimes i see their papers and take a look but if it 's not my taste it 's not a big deal . 
  a lot of people here are like me and just . . `` ignore '' them if they do n't like it . 
  we know very well what it is , but it does n't `` trigger `` us like some others obviously . 
  it 's ok to go there for a week or something if you have some money you want to use for vacation or something but living there must be like paris i guess : pretty damn expensive . 
  edit : living not `` leaving '', 
  i like that system a lot but i believe the issue in france is that , we do n't have many employees forming a trade union ( i 'm not sure of the word ) . 
  i was like `` wtf is he talking about ? '', 
  at first . 
  how the fuck a fucking trash newspaper like the daily mail exist ? 
  i believe there will be more and more ( mainly to france , benelux and germany ) too considering the embarassing state of the british gouvernment concerning the brexit negotiation . 
  i mean , if you do n't have a very good alternative , it 's probably more risky to remove the one in charge . 
  for months one of their main argument was `` he 's a former banker '' . 
  how do you want people to trust these guys ? 
  obviously not everyone was saying that but it 's stupid to hear . 
  the `` socialists '' get triggered whenever they read or hear `` liberal '' . 
  pretty pathetic if you ask me , macron 's liberalism is very very far away from the ultra liberalism you have in usa by example . 
   in every gare you did n't have that many soldiers years ago we always had soldiers in gare and place of high trafics . 
  the new thing right now is police squads with assault rifles and some of them with tactical shield patrolling in cars etc. . they can be seen frequently at the but for the soliders , they have always been there in every major gares . 
  i voted for him and believe in him but for fuck sake , let 's at least wait a year before praising him again .
