  well , any federation , any country , that has existed for centuries as one would be very hesitant to let its regions to separate . 
   dude the people from the girona want a catalan independent country , not joining france !, 
  it 's not that difficult to understand , right ? 
  the people democratic will ... you are from america , look at your history man xd the history of the us , just like the history of europe , is replete with bloody wars and conflicts . 
  europe lost so many during the 2 devastating wars in the 20th century . 
  we live now during the time where the country in so many ways does not matter as much as in the past . 
  especially in europe where everyone living in the eu has the eu passport , can work and live in any eu country . 
  does not mean we should not cherish and protect our culture , languages , etc. 
  and catalonia now has more ability to do all that than ever in the past . 
  the federal government will never allow for the catalonian independence . 
  it goes against their interests and their view of the world and of history . 
  so it can not happen in an organized , legal , peaceful way . 
   so your argument is catalans should shut up and be happy with being part of spain because other minorities in other european countries do n't complain ? 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  i did not say `` shut up '' or `` do n't complain '' . 
  negotiate for a better deal , better union , more respect , better tax arrangement , use the threat of independence to get a better deal for the region and for its people in all possible way , stand for your culture , develop it and cherish it . 
  but do n't actually separate from spain . 
  that would be a mistake , because it will not happen peacefully . 
  this is my point . 
   what does that even mean ? 
  xd you do n't need to translate the name of one city to x number of languages to reflect the `` cultural diversity of the place and history '' . 
  hence my comment regarding chilling out . 
  i am not giving a lecture on girona to students , and i am not the secretary of state that i need to watch my every word thinking of a deep meaning . 
  it was just a casual , semi-serious statement that you took so serious and so literally . 
  call it girona - this is fine with me . 
  and feel free to use arabic for the towns and cities in andalucia . 
  no issue here either . 
   many catalan people want to leave spain and join europe as a new state this is most likely a pipe dream , because the spanish government would be ill advised to agree to it . 
  once they allow catalonia to separate , the other regions will start asking for it . 
  the eu wo n't stand for it either , because this can prompt the other countries to disintegrate . 
  this `` happy scenario '' assumes that the spanish government and the european union will all of a sudden become receptive to this idea and will make all they can for it to happen , but in reality the spanish government will never agree to it , and if they are forced to live with this reality , they will do all they can to fight against any easy separation , because they would be afraid that the whole spain will disintegrate . 
   you say catalonia being part of spain is `` practical '' . 
  but you do n't know/name the other x hundreds reaons why being part of spain is so `` impractical '' for catalonia what i do know is that separation seems easy , but the end result may be much more difficult than those who scream and walk in the streets with the flags , would make us believe . 
   is new york city a self-declared independent city of the united states ? 
  has new york a distinct official language than the one official in the us ( english ) ? 
  in that sense nyc is not the best example , but in europe plenty of places have their own history and language , including in spain itself . 
  after all , galicia is not planning to leave . 
  the basque country has an independence movement but it 's not as strong as catalonia 's . 
  plenty of regions with their own languages in italy and switzerland . 
   maybe these people are talking about northern catalonia , a former catalan region that now is part of france . 
  so instead of separating from spain and causing all this noise about the european union membership , perhaps girona should join with france . 
   how is `` even better '' gerona or g\u00e9rone , if girona is the only official name and the english term ? 
  better only because it reflects the cultural diversity of the place , closeness to france , and this place 's history . 
  i think you should chill out a bit . 
  a glass of cold catalonian beer would help greatly . 
   girona is also a city member of the `` association of municipalities for independence '' , a catalan organization of town councils yes , and we here in new york state are very proud to be the empire state and our city ( new york city ) is proud to be known as big apple , and we are proud of our own independent institutions , yet we are part of the united states , and until catalonia is officially independent from spain , it 's part of spain . 
  and it is part of spain in many practical ways - integration with the spain 's rail network , highway system , phone lines , tax systems , legal framework , and european union laws that bind spain and catalonia as part of spain to the rest of europe . 
  most if not all countries and territories in europe have a long history and often belong to a totally different country or territory in the past . 
  in fact , just 80 years ago the map of europe looked quite different . 
  does not mean we should chop up all the territories everyone someone somewhere has an itch to go `` solo '' or become independent . 
  that 's how wars and conflicts happen . 
   aka gerona in spanish and g\u00e9rone in french . 
  even better !, 
   i think people know where catalonia is , right ? 
  no , some thing it 's in france , 
  also known as girona , spain . 
  or , girona , catalonia , spain . 
  he is threat to the national reserves of potatoes and ham . 
  nothing else . 
  do the french authorities , lawmakers and journos do something about this , i wonder ? 
   because we colonised the maghreb and they hate us since then     i 'm semi-serious , this could be one of the reasons i think it 's that , and the general feeling that france is very anti-religion with the burqa bans , limits on religious expression , and all . 
  i think these limitations make these assholes angrier and more willing to attack . 
  i may be wrong . 
  but i remember first blood with stallone and he was calm until he was provoked . 
   europe 's extremely generous social welfare state pumps money into these ghettos in hopes that the problem will just go away . 
  all it 's doing is delaying the inevitable . 
      what are all the young , angry , jobless men going to turn to when the social welfare state collapses ? 
  very good point . 
  the emphasis should be on making sure people are looking for jobs and opportunities , not live off welfare . 
   or the actual fucking reason , they have a lot of badly integrated muslims true . 
  the focus on integration . 
   because france has by far the most muslims as a % of the population of the major western powers i think the issue is not just the highest percentage but the adverse relationship between the muslims and the secular state in france , and lack of assimilation of the 2-3 generation of muslims immigrants from the french colonies who settled in france in the 50s-60s-70s . 
  generally speaking , it 's easier to radicalize those who live in public housing with little opportunity to excel and live normal lives . 
   as london 's mayor sadiq khan said about the recent london attacks : `` terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city '' . 
      just get used to it . 
  it 's the norm now . 
  if this is his attitude , i hope you elect someone else next time . 
   leftists virtue signaling on twitter with some useless hashtag \u2714     leftists declaring that there is no connection between what happened and islam \u2714     leftists proudly declaring that we must just move on as if nothing happened true . 
  why ca n't we find the middle ground and be sensible about the thread of the islamists and the radical islam without being trumpian ? 
   i feel bad for the people of europe who have to deal with this lunacy of watching your country and everything it stands for go down the shitter and being able to do nothing about it . 
  they can do something about it . 
  improve intelligence , invest in law enforcement , prosecute terrorist suspects very swiftly and harshly . 
  the brits have done that to an extent with some success . 
  another thin brits did very well is much better surveillance . 
  when something does happen there are dozens of cameras filming and their find accomplices and other related information much quicker . 
  are you guys putin ' me on ? 
  i am so happy that this b ** ch is falling . 
   they supported the action , but they have n't said they support not needing congressional authorization . 
  when obama wanted to do the same kind of attack in 2013 , he actually sought authorization first . 
  https://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2017-04-06/can-the-president-attack-another-country-without-congress `` the war powers resolution , enacted in 1973 , long after american troops began fighting in vietnam , required the president to consult with congress before sending u.s. armed forces into combat unless there already had been a declaration of war . 
  the troops could not stay more than 90 days unless lawmakers backed the decision . 
  the law also sought to give the president `` leeway to respond to attacks or other emergencies , '' ... and it is that leeway that presidents george w. bush , barack obama and now trump have used to their advantage . 
  following the sept. 11 attacks in 2001 , congress gave bush authority to attack any countries or groups involved in the attacks , which was generally accepted to mean al-qaida . 
  obama used that same authority to fight the islamic state militant group , which emerged in 2014 as an outgrowth of al-qaida . 
  trump has used that same authority to continue military action in iraq , afghanistan and syria . 
  ** the obama administration maintained in 2011 that u.s. involvement in the months-long air campaign against libya did n't require congressional permission because american forces were largely playing a supporting role as part of an international coalition . 
  ** remember that the us spent billions bombing libya together with the uk & france , and it was a real war operation as a result of which libya became a radicalized shit hole , and this was far more extensive an operation than 59 missiles that trump launched . 
   the checks and balances are n't being acted on however . 
  i 'll hold my breath for impeachment proceedings in congress over the attack on the syrian military without congressional authorization do n't forget that hillary clinton , barack obama and john kerry supported this action , as well as a bunch of democrats . 
  and do n't forget that bill clinton launched missiles without congressional authorization , and so did the other presidents .
