i still do n't understand what sort of deal the uk government think they can get that is as soon as the one we already have being in the eu ideally , the same deal that norway has . 
   however i hope the brits understand that not having the benifits of the eu while not being a member is not punishment but simply a consiquence of leaving the eu . 
  norway has most of the benefits yet not a member . 
  i think having free trade and other cooperation is good for both eu and the uk . 
  obviously , the eu does not want to encourage the other countries to split so they thread carefully , but having the norway type of relationship would make the separation from the eu virtually seamless for the uk long term . 
  i think long term the brexit will be a benefit to britain . 
  but in the short to medium run they will suffer . 
  i do n't know , when i see made in spain on wine or cheese , i feel this is the highest quality money can buy . 
  it really depends on what you are buying . 
  if something bought at ikea is made in sweden does not necessarily make it a quality product . 
   same deal as scotland . 
  it 's not clear that the secessionist groups would have as much clout if eu membership were n't an option . 
  i think it would be a huge mistake for scotland to separate from the uk for the same reason . 
  after hundreds of years together this separation is wrong headed , i think . 
  it would be an economic and logistical disruption to many people and businesses . 
   yeah , but the catalonians are thinking `` cool , i can just stay in the eu for most of those benefits '' that 's different , because us is not really the united states of europe , no matter how the leaders want it to be like that . 
  spain and catalonia share borders , history , traditions , people , business connections , etc. 
  how can you compare a union with romania , bulgaria , greece , etc. 
  and a union with spain ? 
   that 's when most federalists and moderates like yours truly said `` fuck it , there 's no motivation for major spanish parties to be reasonable with us , the more stick they give us the more votes they get '' . 
  pp went on to winning the next elections and here we are now ... well , they do have more people overall , and they do have some precedence , logically , because there is constitution and the federation logically has more power than catalonia . 
  just like in the us federal government has in many ways more power than the individual states ( not always , but in some cases ) . 
  i think the best way to proceed is to not say `` fuck it '' , but try to advance that cause , that approach - common goals , compromise , agreement . 
  it takes time . 
   i personally would like to feel included the way we are , with our language and our traditions , but it just seems impossible . 
  why ca n't we be more like switzerland or canada in that regard interestingly , quebec came close to separating from canada in 1995 . 
  i think that if you say to the spanish `` we want to divorce you '' they are much less likely to compromise with you . 
  it 's like you guys are in a bad marriage and both sides just want to say that `` it 's your fault !, 
  '' , rather than trying to find some common ground . 
   afaik the catalans believe that they are the one of the most productive regions in spain ( which they are ) and they are upset that they have to send a lot of their dough to madrid , receiving less in return . 
  fine , but that should be a good reason to negotiate . 
  it 's one thing to say - we want to ask for more money from the federal government , we want a better union , quite another to say - `` we want out , we want to separate , etc. '', 
  that kind of approach results in confrontation and is counterproductive if what you really want is better agreement and better deal from madrid . 
   so logically , we pushed to correct this inequality , demanding that knowing catalan should be compulsory , just like spanish is , and we were kindly told to get lost by the constitutional tribunal . 
  i 'd call that discrimination , would n't you ? 
  the main question is from outside , for those of us who do n't follow every little detail of the news in spain - why ca n't you guys get along ? 
  you have some legitimate grievances in terms of additional control over your language , culture , legal systems , etc. , and spain has a legitimate concerns over its constitutional and territorial order - if catalonia separates it will weaken spain as a whole , will create a lot of uncertainty for businesses , legal rules , agreements with the eu and other countries , and can weaken many other european nations where some regions would feel emboldened to separate . 
  why not try to work out the marriage between catalonia and the spanish government ? 
  seems that there has been huge progress made in the past 30-40 years . 
   sorry to break the circlejerk here , but the real reason it 's that i do n't feel spanish . 
  this is plain old nationalism . 
  many texans are proud to live in texas , and have special cultural heritage yet they still recognize the benefit of being part of the united states . 
  same can be said of the quebec in canada . 
  it did come close to separating at one point , but now the vast majority support it staying in canada while maintaining its language and culture . 
  so what is so wrong about that ? 
  in other words , why not demand some additional elements of independence , if they are so important to you , while staying in spain ? 
  there are many economic , business and cultural benefits of being part of spain , i would think . 
  if catalonia separated from spain for real , there would be a host of issues of negotiating and renegotiation a bunch of agreements and arrangements . 
  also , it would give a very destructive idea to the many other european nations and the whole europe can be destabilized ( not that you should care that much about that , but from outside it seems like a real issue for the european stability ) . 
  trump is a dummy and speaks like a 10 year old . 
  but a more adult argument would be about cars made in the united states , including the bwms , hondas , toyotas , etc. 
  the ownership of the brand does not matter if it support the jobs in the us . 
  that 's where a reasonable president could make a point that it should be easier for the us made cars to compete in europe with the cars made on the continent . 
  bmw makes a lot of cars in north carolina , mercedes has a hueg factory in alabama . 
   to be clear , i was n't trying to say that the issue was that the cars were designed/made in the united states . 
  the issue was specific to those companies and their products . 
  he is an idiot . 
  but generally , when we say that volvo is a swedish car we mean that it 's made in sweden even though the company is now owned by a chinese conglomerate . 
  the same as opel is a german car even though the brand is owned by general motors . 
   american cars are famous for being too big and use too much fuel . 
  but honda , toyota , audi and many other companies build a lot of cars in the us , but they are not very popular imports in europe because of the cost/fees/import duties . 
   ask any european what they think about it . 
  i 'm willing to bet the answer is going to be am exact opposite . 
  i do n't know how it is in europe , but here in the us many people prefer to lease the german cars because while they are new and on warranty they work , but a few years later they start to break and the parts and service is quite expensive . 
  and according to the many independent studies they lag behind the japanese brands ( many made in the us ) such as honda , toyota , lexus and nissan . 
   speaking as an american , my father had two terrible american cars in a row when i was growing up . 
  he finally swore off american automobiles and bought a honda . 
  but that honda was most likely engineered and made in the united states . 
  and in fact some american brands are actually made in canada and mexico . 
  interesting , honda and toyota make more cars in the us than some well known american car manufacturers . 
   as an american i 've never felt like we make top of the line cars . 
  i 've found more value in japanese cars for sure . 
  but many of the japanese cars on the us roads are made here in the united states , including toyota camry and honda accord - the most popular models . 
   american cars are just terrible . . they feel really cheaply made and drive awfully to be fair for a moment , the question is not about the cars made by the us car companies , but about the cars made in the united states by many global companies , and whether they can compete w/o any additional taxes and tariffs with the cars made in germany and elsewhere . 
  serious question : are there nicer , more expensive resorts in the popular seaside regions of spain where are enough sunbeds for every guest most of the time ? 
  first world problems . 
  `` we will find them on the beaches and on tapa bars ... '', 
   an independent catalonia would have a gross domestic product of $ 314 billion , according to calculations by the oecd , which would make it the 34th largest economy in the world . 
  that would make it bigger than portugal or hong kong . 
  its gdp per capita would be $ 35,000 , which would make it wealthier than south korea , israel or italy . 
  but this is a phony number because it assumes that everything will stay the same in terms of freedom and ease of trade with the rest of spain and with eu should catalonia become independent . 
  but this never works like this , especially when the rest of spain and the federal government is vehemently opposed to the catalan independence and is unlikely to provide friendly terms of exit . 
  and the many business and companies that open their factories or subsidiaries in catalonia including barcelona do it because it 's part of spain and part of europe . 
  they open have their spanish base in barcelona . 
  if it was a separate nation with somewhat adversarial relationship with madrid and the other regions in spain , they will cause some business to flee , and some workers to leave the region . 
  you can not just wave a magic wand and keep only the good things . 
   can you imagine something similar in germany with hitler ? 
  with the department of justice of a democratic country ? 
  of course not !, 
  but this is spain , and you seem to know very little about this country ... 
  i agree , i know very little , but i have been to catalonia many times and i do see that it is a free , european nation/country/province with freedom of movement , freedom of speech , freedom to work in any eu nation or any other part of spain , and where the catalan culture and language prosper . 
  and the fact that this whole independence movement was much weaker before the economic crisis a few years ago tells me that a lot of the energy behind it is caused not by real , objective issues , but by emotion and nationalist fever , which is not a good thing . 
   compare it to an unhealthy relationship . 
  wife decides to leave the husband ; abusive husband uses violence to force her to stay . 
  relationship remains intact , technically not broken , but not healthy either . 
  this is not franco 's spain - the catalans today live in the context of european union , freedom to live and work however they please , they can speak and learn their language , etc. 
  so let 's not make it look like they live under some kind of spanish oppression where people who disagree or do something different are sent to jail . 
  that 's why i think a better metaphor would be a challenging , unhappy marriage where there is a lot of arguing but in reality , there is a lot of real , objective good if couple stays together . 
   well maybe that 's why they should separate from spain . 
  why remain part of a nation that would happily use violence if you threatened with leaving ?
