  i 'll be having some soup soon . 
  also , we dine after 20:00 here . 
  just thought it 'd be good to point out because , as far as i know , nordic folks dine at 17:00 or some crazy hour like that . 
  they all have to do time , you just do n't have to do it behind bars . 
  in the article :  under italian law , prison sentences handed down to those over the age of 75 can be commuted to house arrest . 
  of course , house arrest for berlusconi is nothing but a joke . 
  he 'll be sure to keep his house filled with women . 
  less or equal . 
  priorities . 
  i only have soup for dinner . 
  whole cereals with strawberry flavoured liquid yogurt , and an expresso . 
  i was wondering why switzerland was a lake . 
  then it made sense ... eu . 
  in that regard , where are the azores ? 
  i 'll be the first one to admit i am quite economically illiterate . 
  it 's really not my area at all . 
  that said , someone with some expertise in the matter will surely explain you a few strategies that would be better than austerity in at least some specific areas . 
  but what i have to say is simple : this is not just a protest against austerity , it is also a wake up call for those in power to remember that everything they do affects millions of people . 
  the common man has close to nill knowledge on economics , but even a fisherman can see that while he is getting poorer , some are getting richer . 
  many of them politicians . 
  there is plenty of corruption in our country , and seeing politicians forcing you to pay more moving around in a fleet of 30 expensive cars for themselves and their 300 team members is nothing but a good `` fuck you in the arse '' to the people . 
  to see cases of printers bought in some town 's city hall for the simple sum of about three million euros ( i ca n't find the source now , but it was something talked some time ago ... ) while people starve ... why would n't they protest ? 
  it 's not austerity that 's the most unpopular thing . 
  it 's corruption . 
  why ? 
  basic level english is very basic . 
  in eight hours no one commented that this gets reposted every week ? 
  oh the joy of polite europe !, 
  ah well , i still enjoy comparing never-changing portugal to ever-changing germany !, 
  you sound nordic . 
  maybe it was just a sex line . 
  edit : nope , nothing about 911 working [ here ] ( http://lisbon.angloinfo.com/information/healthcare/emergencies/ ) . 
  still , funny translations in the bottom of the page . 
  edit2 : read this further down , i stand corrected , it appears it works : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emergency_telephone_number#emergency_numbers_and_mobile_telephones, 
  i dunno , sometimes i wonder where all the old chinese people in portugal go to ... 
  no idea if that was anywhere else , but if i were you i 'd post this somewhere to get on a big karma train . 
  he does n't look very roman . 
  oh , sure , the `` keep the change '' routine . 
  but nothing over 2 $ , really . 
  i do n't tip at all . 
  it 's not that i do n't appreciate the work people have , it 's just a matter of culture i suppose . 
   the memel ( in english now more politically correctly called the neman ) why ? 
  oh well , i guess you can stop calling us dirty southerners now . 
  that 's funny , it 's the first time i 've heard about the amoreiras being ugly and i 've lived 5 minutes away from it ( by foot ) for most of my life . 
  i like them . 
  it 's terrible , hence the whole `` this is where i say the bad joke '' approach . 
  this is the part where i say `` hah , you 're german allright !, 
  '' , yes ? 
  do n't get it , what 's so funny about head of iron ? 
  if it was iron penis or something like that , i could understand , but that ? 
  is there any meaning in romanian i just do n't follow ? 
  or maybe i 'm just too old . 
  europe is not as homogeneous as you make it sound , either . 
  i 'm sure we portuguese have a different perspective on children and family than a german . 
  the op is asking for countries , after all . 
  where are you from , if i may ask ? 
  i 'm guessing austrian ? 
  plus ,  my personal opinion is that if you are educated enough to worry about overpopulation , we actually need more of you , and less of the kinds people who can hardly read . 
  i 'm not saying i disagree with you in that there needs to be more education , but the world also needs simple work force . 
  sure , being illiterate is no good to anyone , but not everyone needs to worry about world problems . 
  it does confuse me , particularly in the uk , where the amount of cctv cameras is quite infamous . 
  so you 've only been around that area . 
  well , if there 's something i can tell you that is also very different from the new world , is that no country is the same . 
  i really recommend you try and visit a lot more places than that , when the opportunity arises . 
  the article needs their race in order to be / r/europe worthy . 
  have you been elsewhere in europe ? 
  the way you describe it in the op makes it sound like you had never left the north american continent before moving to munich . 
  maybe she was just really happy with him then , travelling to the states and all . 
  for some reason i read that as barcelona 's underworld ... 
  to put it simply , english is easy to learn , but hard to master . 
  which is why it is ideal in our times , when no one gives a shit about speaking fluently , as long as the message goes trough . 
  `` say '', 
   italians who can explain what the fuck is happening with your country , what the fuck is happening with your country ? 
  ya happy now ? 
  your shop will just go bankrupt . 
  were they pronouncing it correctly ? 
  first time i 've ever heard of santa living in greenland to be honest . 
   492,244 signatures collected so far . 
  help us reach 500,000 this week & 1 million by september . 
  high standards i see . 
  you 're wrong about wildfires . 
  they are not almost always caused by humans , it 's just wrong to say so . 
  i 'm not going to get into full scientific details ( it 's an area i 'm going to work in for the next six months or so ) , but there actually is a [ fire risk index ] ( http://www.ipma.pt/en/enciclopedia/otempo/risco.incendio/index.html ) that is calculated using climatology ( latest 30 years median temperatures ) , biomass calculation ( mild winters are better for plant growth than harsh winters ) and metereological predictions . 
  you 're right that there 's not much we can do during wildfire season than standby for it , but we can predict the most affected areas and allocate resources . 
  furthermore , there is a lot of terrain preparation required , it is mandatory by law that every piece of land with an area larger than whatever value i ca n't recall right now must have the borders of every sub-area , er , ploughed ( not quite but close ) as to kill and bury every plant in it in order to prevent fire spreading . 
  there 's also a lot of forest work that needs to be done . 
  there is a lot of fire that does not happen because we have men working the entire year cleaning out woods . 
  so , please , i can somewhat agree with you that , individually , people living in the always winter lands can have a different mindset for work than us happy southerners ( ` live to work ' versus ` work to live ' ) , and that because society is built by individuals , there can be a relation with latitude , or rather , climate , with society efficiency , but saying that wildfires do n't actually require work while implying that winter does ( and then saying it 's predictable , which means it does n't actually require planning , which also is n't true , i think ) is just wrong , my cold-faced friend . 
  the weather , for a day or two . 
  it 's gotten really windy , we 're not used to it , okay ? 
  he is n't eigtheen . 
  edit : i do n't like sounding like a douchebag , sorry about that . 
  i can agree with you that there still is a lot of pre-democracy paradigms of women doing all the housework , but that is mostly only with older people now . 
  younger people really are nothing alike . 
  what if i tell you that my sisters ( i have four of them ) all absolutely love cooking , and that there is not a day gone by where one of them decides to improvise something wonderful out of goddamn vegetables or some cheap bullshit ? 
  it 's true i ca n't cook . 
  not like that . 
  i can do some steaks , soup or the eventual , er , * estufado * , no idea how to translate it really , but it 's easy , but i simply do n't have the imagination to cook like them . 
  so what you could be implying is a chauvinistic view could actually just be cultural and , you know , the women be perfectly okay with it . 
  edit : this is extremely coincidental and might sound bullshit , but i have no reason to lie .
