  it was scary to me because my brother was on that plane : / [ news ] ( http://www.azorestoday.com/2015/11/15/ameaca-de-bomba-no-voo-ryanair-para-ponta-delgada/ ) ( in portuguese ) . 
  it 's probably in their protocol for fleet defense , even if isis has no submarines ( that we know of ) . 
  which one 's the fourth ? 
  we have property taxes ... http://www.portugalglobal.pt/en/investinportugal/investorsguide2/fiscalsystem/paginas/propertytax.aspx, 
  i hate it : /, 
  no , that would be the ferryman . 
   others moved as far as gallaecia ( modern galicia , in spain , and northern portugal ) and established a suebic kingdom of gallaecia there which lasted for 170 years until its integration into the visigothic kingdom . 
  i have always pronounced th as s anyway . 
  i still do n't understand the difference . 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knalxy-_sym, 
  why are they both using the everest as parent if they are nowhere close to it ? 
  edit :  for example , the encirclement parent of mont blanc , the highest peak in the alps , is mount everest . 
  mont blanc 's key col is a piece of low ground near lake onega in northwestern russia ( at 113 m elevation ) , on the divide between lands draining into the baltic and caspian seas . 
  this is the meeting place of two 113 m contours , one of them encircling mont blanc ; the other contour encircles mount everest . 
  this example demonstrates that the encirclement parent can be very far away from the peak in question when the key col is low . 
  this is a very interesting ( and very weird ) concept . 
  might have to do with saying europe the portuguese way ... 
  despite usually being shown as 90 % ish catholic , the portuguese people do n't really care much about it . 
  it 's just culture , part of their lives . 
  i 'm not saying that plenty do n't go to church , they do , but it 's not really because of beliefs or lack of but rather because it 's just what we 've been doing forever . 
  religion has close to no weight in any laws passed . 
  me , personally , i 'm too lazy for church and do n't really believe in anything anyway . 
  i do n't know , the introduction of colours in both columns seems rather historically correct . 
  i have no fucking idea how to ride in the snow as well ... 
   because it 's way better/cheaper to spend your days in france well that does say a lot about earnings in switzerland ... 
   once i moved here i scaled back my work from 40 hours a week to 20 hours a week just because the cost of living allowed it that is exactly what i am talking about . 
  you can live very well with half the earnings from elsewhere . 
  i 'd say it is a bit unfair but then we 'd have to get prices raised . 
  no thanks . 
  by all means , enjoy this beautiful land of ours and do n't forget to eat some francesinhas !, 
  being self employed on an internet job , you probably earn way more than the usual salary for a typical middle classe job around here . 
  i know a few people like that , from all over the world , and they all agree : portugal is one of the best countries in the world to live as long as you can comfortably afford it . 
  that is not the case for most young people . 
  nope , pretty sure they were all brought somewhere . 
  yes , but not every country keeps telling the others what to do . 
  well , i 'm sorry about the bad experience , we really are n't like that at all . 
  we are generally kind to foreigners and we do n't insult anyone who does n't demean us . 
  so , no offense , but you migth be a little obnoxious and they were just passive-agressive like that . 
  maybe relevant username ? 
  leave rome out of this . 
  i think chinese may be a bad example as well in either cases . 
  i 'm not so sure about that anymore ... 
  the vocabulary can be quite different , the pronunciation is hardly the same for the most part and even grammar changes slightly in brazilian portuguese . 
  no , you 're new world . 
  you 'll grow up eventually . 
  if he was n't a shitty artist , he would n't have been rejected into art school and maybe gone into a carrier of serving coffee rather than death and destruction . 
  you mean barbaric latin ? 
  a failed artist , unfortunately . 
  meh , it means overseas :p, 
  they 're basic workers , the world still needs those , albeit less and less . 
  okay mate , we 'll trade all our ultramarine colonies for catalonia , yeah ? 
  why cristobal col\u00f3n and not cristoforo colombo ? 
  it 's just the language , man . 
  maybe that 's what he means . 
  where do you do this ? 
  the result depends on your location is . 
  what would ksa mean ? 
  i assume it is slovakian ? 
  i am appaled at how many people took you seriously ... 
  they are not the only ones ... 
  so , to avoid striking !, 
  was just trying to explain what the one who answered you , which is apparently a bot , was trying to say . 
  would have , not would of . 
  i do n't think he said there could n't be a bigger one , but rather that it will be the biggest one so far . 
  no need to strike the seagull . 
   nice peninsular weather \\* looks outside * unfortunately it would seem some british tourists landed in lisbon and brought the weather with them , today . 
  it was a joke . 
  is it me ... or there is only one university from a southern european country in the ranks ( pisa at 49 ^ th in times ranking ) ? 
  what gives ? 
  if they 're free weapons , how come they cost money ? 
   i wonder why people who do work in home via internet/phone eg . 
  forex investors , steamers , some app developers etc do n't just move to a cheap country - you do nearly nothing and your life standard goes up i have a few international friends in lisbon who do exactly that . 
  they live in lisbon and work at home , in their computers , getting paid as if they were in the uk or so . 
  roman cavalry was mostly light riders for small skirmishes and enemy infantry morale disruptor . 
  they could never do anything against horse archers or heavy cavalry like cataphracts ( the predecessors of heavy european knights ) . 
  and that was pretty much what the parthian army was about , ~ ~ cannon ~ ~ ballista fodder infantry , horse archers and cataphracts . 
  in giant flats , perfect for cavalry . 
  what do you think happens to offer if demand lowers ? 
  could be worse , could be wet . 
  hot wet weather is the absolute worst of all . 
  nice weather ?!, 
  they give maximum temperatures of 19 \u00b0 c , i ca n't go out with just a shirt :(, 
  winter is coming , eventually . 
  i have no idea what canarian accent is like . 
  i can tell you that azorean accent is very thick as there is a lot of sounds from other languages because it was a center of maritime activity for centuries . 
  is it the same for the canary isles ? 
  at least 672.503.624.425.674.500.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000.000 . 
  sibling rivalry , but we love nuestros irm\u00e3os !, 
  it 's anedoctal data that is not considered evidence . 
  why is europe 's banner the white bull that fucked her over ? 
  it does not mean fair , it means free day , non-working day , such as holidays ( ** feria ** do ) and vacations ( f\u00e9rias ) . 
  it just evolved into weekday names with time . 
  there 's punctuality in professional settings ? 
  yeah man , it 's too hot to work , you know , we are all naturally lazy and shit at what we do . 
  no , really , i wish our economy was good that we could find a job easily :(, 
  fair enough . 
  you make it sound like environmentalism is retarded . 
  please do n't do that . 
  it 's for the whole country ( which is not the same at all ) , but page 24 of op 's pdf source has something related to that . 
  if i may have a word , it 's best if you find a remote job , really .
