  $ / l ( euro per litre ) l/100km ( litre per 100 kilometres ) km/h ( kilometre per hour ), 
  it 's likely not accepted pretty much everywhere , but there are often no alternatives . 
  pretty much the same here , tweaked for portugal . 
  it 's all really about media . 
  here in portugal all our movies and cartoons are subbed , whereas in those countries they do n't everything . 
  thus , we have contact with english a lot . 
  not very much . 
  it 's used mostly for stomach issues or other digestive sicknesses . 
  that said there are some flavoured sparkling waters which are rather refreshing . 
  okay , mr. hitler . 
  i want 3 - 4 , i can afford one . 
  they spend millions of euros in fireworks alone , and it 's a beautiful place . 
  there 's also many a cruise ship that specifically goes there in new year 's eve . 
  to be fair , the chinese are vastly improving their ecological footprint . 
  industrial revolutions are always very messy , so if you 're scared of china do n't even think about what will happen in india . 
  it can definitely go either way for sure , but in a nutshell diversity allows for more creativity in improving a culture . 
  the problem is many people talk about diversity of races/ethnicity as it that is worth a damn . 
  it is diversity of cultures that matters alone . 
  the isles . 
  they 're absolutely beautiful , there is no doubt about that , but if i decide to travel for a rest somewhere on a whim there is only so much terrain i can cover . 
  yeah but , that is what the law allows , thus it is lawful too , is it not ? 
  to clarify : op asks if employers needs a lawful reason to fire people . 
  that 's a moot question because this is true for every country in the world ... `` need to do '' and `` lawful '' are something of a repetition . 
  that 's a ridiculous high fine , not because it is n't deserved , but because can they even afford it ? 
  what 's the point in destroying a person 's life ? 
  definitely agree with the community service tho . 
  ca n't see flair on mobile so you can either be french or scottish ... 
  what exactly does lawful mean ? 
  legal ? 
  pretty sure you also have lawful reasons to fire people in the us , if that 's so ... 
  i just want to know i appreciate your effort op . 
  more often than not some american posts a question comparing the us to europe without realising we do n't know the us that well , but not you op , you 're a cool guy . 
  that said , why is everything in texas so big ? 
  6000 high school students , what the heck !, 
  i do n't know , i can very easily see what she meant . 
  i have no idea what any of these are . 
  i have heard of several portuguese ex-pats in brazil who were given congratulations for having learnt portuguese so fast and speak it well . 
  i ca n't even ... 
  all doors share locks but i keep all keys in a drawer except for the bathroom 's which i keep at the inside so whenever guests come over can use it without fear of someone else opening the door . 
  the dictatorship had a lot of really bad stuff in regards to freedom , like , censorship , torture and a sadistic police force , but salazar did jumpstart our country from the 19th century into the 20th century . 
  the earthquake basically destroyed the capital of a struggling global empire and set us back so much we pretty much lost most of our overseas land . 
  you should n't compare the distance from the two cities but their distance to the epicentre ( which was at about 36n 11w , southeast of the peninsula ) . 
  that makes lisbon about 350 km and seville about 450 km away from it . 
  that difference and the fact that seville is inland and thus there was a lot of dampening is what happened . 
  salaries are low , but cost of life is also reasonable low . 
  that said , i 'd rather have oil :(, 
  we 're living in the oilless countries . 
  nobody here earns 3000 $ and yet we manage . 
  what op 's asking is how much would we save if we spent the same as we do . 
  in numbers : my fiancee and i earn about 2500 together , and we manage to save about 500 . 
  if we earned 6000 , and spent the same , we 'd thus save 4500 . 
  not hard maths . 
  if it was just me , then about 3000 $ saved . 
  inferiority complex is kind of our thing . 
  yeah , only time i ever use my credit card ( which i had to get for better home loan interest ) is when renting a car , because it 's mandatory . 
  the real win is to live on a sunny , cheap country with rich country salary . 
  telework will do that . 
  and my axe ? 
  there is nothing bad about the ocean . 
  afaik it 's the closest state to europe . 
  portugal/not portugal, 
   bauleitung is that ... is that a dragon ? 
  yeah , the geeks could use a koine programming language all rigth . 
  yeah , not to sound mean but these ` hey do you do it like we do ? '', 
  without stating how you do it are actually rather common here ... 
  be that as it may , it 's still bielorussia in many languages . 
  spain . 
  that is the name of the country in many a language , tho . 
  or perhaps you should redefine yours . 
  i agree with the germans too , education should be free for all , and we should all work for it . 
  many a country still lacks that basic rigth . 
  our national theme is to feel sad about the good old times so yeah , not a happy place . 
  you got money , and you know what they say , having money does n't make you happy , but not having money makes you unhappy . 
  so they say . 
  apparently they use them for hexes so they 're scared of it . 
  it 's likely just bullshit , but many a shop in portugal has a frog at the entrance to keep the gypsy away . 
  here 's an example that actually seems to work : https://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=pt&amp;tl=en&amp;u=https%3a%2f%2fsol.sapo.pt%2fartigo%2f77785%2fsapos-o-tabu-da-etnia-cigana ( do n't mind some weird out of context translations ), 
  total population is seldom a good indicator , percentage would be better . 
  something like this : https://www.statista.com/statistics/515475/dog-ownership-european-union-eu-by-country/, 
  legally , dogs ( pets ) only just got their rights against abuse defended by law ( about a month ago ) . 
  but i still ca n't take my dog to many a park and most beaches , even on a leash . 
  culturally , the portuguese are awful . 
  it does n't help most people are pigs who treat their dogs like tools or for the status quo ( read : brutes in social neighbourhoods ) and do n't bother educating them and/or picking up their shit . 
  i 've been to italy recently and it blew my mind how dogs were permitted pretty much everywhere . 
  we were inside big stores where dogs were allowed . 
  shame , i wish i could bring her everywhere i go but i feel extremely limited for having her ... 
  gypsies around here also seem to fear them . 
  at least when i walk my black lab they all avoid us like we 're frogs . 
  yay, 
  odd , i was taught british english here . 
  gypsies . 
  but it 's okay because they get social insertion subsidies from the state . 
  it 's not a cold , it 's either allergy from whatever is inside or low relative humidity . 
  we do not understand this towel meme that goes by in spain about us . 
  how is it not ? 
  to believe humans are n't selfish other than the occasional help is to lack experience in dealing with them . 
  we will always choose ourselves or , even worse , our families , in detriment of everyone else when the occasion is most dire . 
  having faith in human nature is extremely naive by definition . 
  whatever . 
  i agree with him , there is absolutely nothing special about it .
