  two of my sisters and my 11 years old niece ( which does not live here , but has school nearby so she comes around while her mother wo n't pick her up ) just made some american pancakes for everyone . 
  holy shit they 're great and easy to make !, 
  which part of `` we move out when we find someone else to live with '' did you not get ? 
  furthermore , i think it 's a bit obvious to assume that not everyone lives like this . 
  i am not bold enough to state that most people live life my way . 
  it 's evident that there are people around here who do have their own house . 
  my brother used to until he lost his job and had to rent every room in it to smelly and noisy college students , and he 's back at home because he would much rather live with us than with said noisy bastards . 
  no one here is saying that living with your parents is a choice everyone makes . 
  in fact , i do n't think of it as a choice at all . 
  it 's always an open option , that 's it , and it is simply not frowned upon to be living with your parents . 
  but it 's obvious that people do get out of home and do get their own families . 
  how else would their kids live with their parents ? 
  and you are entirely right to do so . 
  i do n't actually blame america for my country 's problems , i blame our corrupt politicians and greedy bankers most of all . 
  i 'm just a cynical bastard sometimes . 
  so , to you , living in your parents home means you have no life of your own and you 're still a child . 
  god , you must really hate your parents , or they must really hate you . 
  i sincerely do not understand why you are so puzzled . 
  but then again , i can not even begin to grasp what it means for americans when they say their family disowns them . 
  it seems to happen a lot , be it because you turn out gay or atheist in the bible belt , or because you 're a junkie , or a lazy neckbeard , or whatever . 
  as a portuguese man , to have my family tell me they no longer want anything to do with me would be completely overwhelming . 
  it would have to be a really , really serious reason . 
  so you see , there are great cultural differences between us . 
  in europe , we love our parents , we respect all the work they ever put into raising us , and we will forever be in their debt . 
  true enough , it is not perfect and sometimes we have arguments , but that 's a perfectly natural human relationship . 
  for as long as we follow a bunch of small rules and help out with whatever we can , be it money or cleaning up stuff , we all get along . 
  to clarify what i think migun tried to say : if you have no need for it , be it because you work far away or because you found a significant other you wish to live with , why would you choose to live alone ? 
  having a house of your own is great but to live alone just sounds so sad . 
  edit : not saying there ai n't some lazy neckbeards around here who are leeches , of course !, 
  or poverty , the yankee destruction of the world 's economy does actually affect us . 
  so from a uk perspective , we 're still cool down here , right ? 
  dear me , my brain blocks so much around money i ca n't even math . 
  so did we , 1 $ = 200 $ 00 plus a few cents no one cared about . 
  of course , nowadays , 1 $ = 1000 $ 00 since everything quintupled in price . 
  so when do you do it , if not in december ? 
  january ? 
  not sure why the agressivity , [ i actually see a little piece of shit in your title ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ni5u7.png ) . 
  i 'm guessing / r/europe does that automatically on awful sources . 
  because that 's what the daily mail is , actually . 
  i mean , just take a look at the picture they used for hollande . 
  was wondering why you had a piece of shit in your title . 
  then i saw the site you linked to , and it made sense . 
  my mother is a doctor in a suburban health center . 
  there are a lot of old ladies in there , and there 's not a single day she does n't bring something simple home . 
  it 's usually stuff like eggs , or vegetables , but there 's always something . 
  i wish she had some whiskey . 
  ` venska ? 
  from google ;  `` guinea '' - the most vile racial slur that can be used against an italian-american . 
  refers to the guinea coast of africa which i believe is in proximity to sicily ; using this slur is a very offensive way of implying that italian-americans are non-whites . 
  which i suppose , they find offensive . 
   `` dago '' - an offensive slur toward italian 's who migrated to the united states . 
  many worked and were paid as the `` day goes '' like modern day `` day laborers '' . 
  hmm ...  refers to the guinea coast of africa which i believe is in proximity to sicily ; yep . 
  sounds american , allright . 
   portuguese/spanish/italian = dago do n't get it . 
  i was under the impression that the british were called that because , in world war i , we shared some french trenches with them and all they ever ate was roast beef in a can . 
  that 's not an example , that 's a generic hypothesis . 
  i did a quick google search and found this wikipedia [ article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial ) instead . 
  i think outlaws is actually a rather decent word for the ( ethnically stereotyped ) roma . 
  but not in a criminal sense . 
  they just do n't give a shit about the law . 
   debating about history can you give me an example ? 
   the do n't buy us is the new do n't invade us ? 
  yes . 
  these days , they have as much chance with one as with the other , 
  oh god , looking at ceuta 's coat of arms makes me sad . 
  it screams portugal all over !, 
  damn you , spanish , damn you !, 
  ( i kid , please do n't buy us ! ), 
  i 'm confused about that portuguese article . 
  i studied in porto , and tra\u00e7adinho was a shot , receita was something else entirely , white wine with beer and sugar and , yes , the objective is to get drunk , really . 
  i do n't see anything wrong with a protected school . 
  who knows what kind of maniacs could get into there . 
  so i do n't understand this post . 
  it is silly . 
  well , that 's what i call a twist . 
  i suppose moe is japanese for big-everything schoolgirls ? 
  basically , [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/08/obesity-waist_circumference.svg/230px-obesity-waist_circumference.svg.png ) . 
  you do n't have to be extremely fat to be obese . 
  what you 're thinking would be a morbidly obese person . 
  that subreddit in a nutshell : * male looking for friends - 0 comments * female looking for friends - 50 comments, 
  vejamox o qaso do som `` j '' . 
  a qext\u00e3o a qoloqar \u00e9 : \u00e1 alternativa ? 
   sempre . 
   iran a minority in their own backyard . 
  most american typo ever . 
  southern portugal has a very clear mediterranean climate . 
  then again so does california ... 
  damn straight , the very thought of rushing your lunch for work is unfathomable !, 
  oh hell , it never clicked before that jupiter comes from deus pater !, 
  what is ferguson 2.0 ? 
  britain has one of the world 's largest financial districts . 
  portugal has a couple flea markets in comparison ... 
   early migrants key words right there . 
  the early migrants were those who already had the means to migrate and work in europe . 
  they got it by being lucky enough to have huge amounts of oil , mostly . 
  they could very well share that luck . 
  the discovery age . 
  is n't there nuclear waste still ? 
  we must n't forget about it .
