  this is precisely why one should never talk about relative temperature difference . 
  yes . 
  yeah but we redditors are a bunch of introvert bastards for the most part , but the majority of humankind actually enjoys spending outside the most !, 
  ... yes , and i do n't see how that goes against what i say . 
  or just add gunpowder and look for the black smoke and destroyed warehouse . 
  to be fair the negative scale is also fucked up but it 's not like it 's used :d, 
   40 \u00b0 f  4 \u00b0 c naw , fuck that . 
  i see it the opposite way . 
  northerners have good productivity and work ethics because it 's just too fucking cold to enjoy doing nothing . 
  cold beer . 
  maybe there 's some joke i do n't get , but would n't he be explaining how to rush a ( russia ) instead ? 
   if google does n't pay in time , a daily fine starts that can go up to 5 % of the total revenue of the entire alphabet group revenues . 
  --  the european commission said the world 's most popular internet search engine has 90 days to stop favoring its own shopping service or face a further penalty per day of up to 5 percent of alphabet 's average daily global turnover . 
  that is not quite the same thing . 
  pretty much , but what 's with the blonde blue eyes ? 
  we 're not hylians !, 
  ( although i personally am blonde with blue eyes ... ), 
  portugal looks like a face ( chin/nose/eye ) , the face of europe . 
  it 's quite a familiar feature for us , yet foreigners never seem to see it the same way we do . 
  lifeguards . 
  out of curiosity , can you see the `` face of europe '' ? 
   swimmer savior amazing . 
  typical portuguese-english desenrascan\u00e7o translation . 
  how come the policewoman does n't get a bobby hat ? 
  sea surface temperature , among other things : http://www.weatheronline.pt/karten/sst/00040000000001.gif, 
  spoken like a potential lobster . 
  eh , at least your sweat could evaporate , try living in a humid , 100 % rh country where your sweat could go nowhere and you 'd be stuck with all that unused latent heat . 
  \u00ee spaniards in a nutshell . 
  i 'm 32 and also have yorn x. i may have had some cunhas tho . 
  maga means female magician in portuguese . 
  \\ - hey guys , i got a great idea !, 
  \\ - what is it now , steve ? 
  \\ - let 's throw this tea out of the ship !, 
  \\ - why ? 
  \\ - why not ? 
  and that 's how roughly 250 years later you have kool-aid pickles . 
  til already means `` today i learnt '' , so saying bg til i learnt is a repetition . 
  silly question probably , but are n't all billionaires capitalist ? 
  so how many are anti-capita ? 
  it 's not that , it 's a pin number issue . 
  british tourists . 
  eh , trump should be in the warm part of russian relations . 
  presidents do n't really have to know the general facts of everything , they have people to tell them that at the right moment . 
  which , in this case , have clearly failed their job . 
  and thus so has he . 
  yes , basic illegal/undeclared tourist renting . 
  why would landlords charge 500 $ per month when they can get 1000 $ per week ? 
  it varies . 
  there are those who say this government as done all the work , and there 's those who say the previous one did all the work with plenty austerity measures . 
  portuguese governments are cyclical , unfortunately , so we 'll see . 
  all those tourists raising housing prices in lisbon and porto had to have some good impact in our economy !, 
  true enough it 's been about a decade i 've been to santiago , but i 'm sure there was plenty of souvenirs around . 
  same for rome , or at most the vatican city . 
  that 's the same for all big religious places , really . 
  they 're all turistic . 
  f\u00e1tima is the same , santiago de compostela is the same , even rome is the same . 
  i have never drank pure alcohol , is it good ? 
  any chance of a list ? 
  so you all know , we had a papal visit to fatima , benfica won the national championship and we won eurovision . 
  all in one day . 
  it 's a golden day for the portuguese rednecks and us all . 
  found this on r/mapporn , not sure if it had been posted here before . 
  for mobile users , direct links : [ image ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2idgr0q.jpg ) ; [ high-res ] ( https://www.nationalgeographic-maps.com/media/catalog/product/x/n/xng197705b_2.jpg ) ; [ mapporn topic ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/697ncq/celtic_europe_2160x1624/ ) . 
  to be fair australia is huge . 
  sure , you can get just as many sunburns in the snow . 
  there are two things wrong with this otherwise spot on quote : 1 . 
  it 's not in portuguese ; 2 . 
  he was dead then . 
  odd , we do the same but swap the order : s\u00e9culo xxv . 
  i can see my house from there !, 
  i 'm more surprised that you could get that handle than that you actually created it for that purpose . 
  so i 'll never be able to measure anything longer than 12 cm . 
  please , no penis jokes . 
  what are you , canadian ? 
  i suppose we could all safely say that nobody in portugal actually gives a shit what some self-called intellectuals have to say , really . 
  i love the moldovans between 1999 and 2007 , from 3 to 14,053 , a net growth of 468333 % . 
  brilliant . 
  but anyway , as i said , we did get a huge influx of eastern europeans early in the century . 
  we used to joke about the ucranian dentist working in construction . 
  but then 2008 happened , and they 're all going away . 
  they are now , the eastern immigrants started coming here in the early 00 's , i believe . 
  can you tell me where you are checking those stats , please ? 
  i have a question for you northerners ( except norway ) . 
  both chinese questions and the gypsy one have quite bad reception on the mediterranean area . 
  this may be because there are a lot of chinese here who take our jerbs , as well as a lot of gypsies doing nothing at all . 
  so my question is , do you good folks have no big issues with those communities because you do n't have to handle them , or because you actually feel more tolerant ? 
  i 'm more curious about the chinese , really . 
  i have no idea what their distribution in europe looks like . 
  but there 's an awful lot of them down here !, 
  edit : keeping in mind , of course , this is a few hundred redditors opinion rather than the actual population of said countries . 
  serves me right that the highest i look at is messy germany . 
  like most other gifs like this , it needs dates . 
  true as that may be , the purpose is to increase productivity , not leisure . 
  edit : besides , i never said it was needed or a great thing . 
  but calling something you do twice a year and takes at most 5 minutes of your time insane might be stretching it . 
  yeah , i ca n't read that , sorry . 
  really though , i can understand it being an hassle for nordic countries , because of high latitudes . 
  but i find it useful down south , because you can really notice the difference one hour does in leaving home in the dark or sunny . 
  why is it insane ? 
  you only have to do it twice a year , really .
