  getting paid by uk standards ( for instance ) and living in portuguese standards is the best of two worlds . 
  we get paid like shit here :(, 
  oh my god i love this joke . 
  dutch in portuguese is `` holand\u00eas '' . 
  no , it is a religion , one that states , at least , that wine is forbidden , freedom is only for those who speak the words and have a dick , peace will only exist when all follow it . 
  but civility , sure , they were the prime civilisation in the world in the year 1000 . 
  ca n't say i knew either , i was thinking chains in the roads as well :|, 
  i 'm on mobile and at work so i do n't have the time to search for a better source at the moment , but here 's a similar , very recent news for germany 's case : http://qz.com/680661/germany-had-so-much-renewable-energy-on-sunday-that-it-had-to-pay-people-to-use-electricity/, 
   often times more than 100 % that has to be exported for free to spain . 
  if their net is also at high capacity we actually have to pay them to take our energy as we have no one else to give it to ... 
  it 's okay , we get our winds and rivers from spain and there 's nothing they can do about it !, 
  the portuguese also introduced firearms to japan which pretty much changed the course of japanese history . 
  oda nobunaga himself used them . 
  i understand what you mean that they did not get the same level of influence or control from european nations , yes . 
  it was one of the few countries that remained adamantly independent . 
  but that was also a consequence of european influence as the japanese began then a period of isolationism . 
  there are plenty of japanese words with portuguese origins ( [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glossary_of_japanese_words_of_portuguese_origin ) ) . 
  does that not count for some influence ? 
  i 'll have you know america has the best american italian food in america !, 
  no need explaining , you just ca n't get it . 
  that sentence litterally means `` put butter on the spinaches '' , and i guess it 's an idiom meaning `` put bread on the table '' or simply `` bring more cash in '' . 
  but thing is , the way you said it can be read as `` she became a prostitute to get more in the pussy '' . 
  edit : just googled `` add a little extra to the kitty '' . 
  turns out it actually is an idiom meaning almost the same . 
  okay , learn everything every day . 
  i also have a dirty mind :(, 
   la fillon becomes a prostitute in the palais royal gardens to add a little extra to the kitty . 
  ca n't tell if badly translated or just censoring that last word . 
  ah fair enough , cheers . 
  op , why is santos silva in your posts title when the article is talking about ant\u00f3nio costa ( the pm ) and there 's no mention of the fa minister ? 
  i go up to 90 to save fuel . 
  that 's because they have no insulation . 
  it does n't get that cold that a blanket or a fireplace can fix , but it does get hot enough in summer that it could become a problem . 
  things are changing nowadays , tho . 
  it 's not just that . 
  it pretty much helped change the paradigm that all was well in god 's ( white ) world . 
  if one of europe 's most powerful cities could fall so easily and so unpredictably , what else could happen ? 
  descartes himself made a text out of it . 
  that 's not the point , you still never say ` the ' for city names . 
  in any case , it would be port wine , here ... 
  i can understand what you 're saying , but for the love of god never drive in rome . 
  i was there last week and they do not have any rules . 
  it was pretty fun , actually . 
  we were neutral and `` helped '' both sides : http://www.nytimes.com/1997/01/10/world/nazi-gold-and-portugal-s-murky-role.html, 
  on a global scale , at least . 
  which is why we were not in ww2 . 
  brazil . 
  i do n't give a shit about this joke and i think brazilians get more offended that you do n't call it portuguese . 
  seriously , we colloquially call portuguese brazillian just brazillian here , and they get offended by that : /, 
  much of it was raised , yes , but this is n't civ , it was rebuilt ... 
  refusing colombus was actually a great move by the portuguese king at the time - this prevented spain from even trying to get to india and gave us full access to its riches . 
  it 's even debatable that we already knew about the unexplored continent on the other side of the world but did not have the manpower to fully explore and colonise it . 
  there is no concrete evidence of this because secret documents burnt down in a fire ( during the earthquake i think ) , but there must be a reason for the king to be adamant about moving the tordesillas line west , thus getting a piece of brazil . 
  you could have had 24 beers instead of the mojitos . 
  if you wo n't give galicia to us then give us to galicia and let it go . 
  but ... that 's not ... oh . 
  i have lived in lisbon for all my life minus 5 years and fuck the cal\u00e7ada . 
  it 's okay because france is both most and least arrogant , too . 
  shit , i thought it was french . 
  my bad then . 
  oh man , i tried raclette the other day , that thing is amazing . 
  curse you french and what you do with your milk !, 
  edit : sorry swissmen , i deserve to be thrown into a giant pot of fondue !, 
  well forever is a long time , we do n't know for sure if you wo n't break out of european tectonic plate somewhen in time . 
  the big ships do n't go that far , the rest does n't really matter . 
  i got used to the bee swarm i could hear from my folks ' house . 
  yeah , kids allright , us ancient people know it 's actually mccxxix ab urbe condita . 
  there is indeed no description on mobile . 
  image 10 proves we all give the middle finger to immigration . 
  sounds like something out of civ . 
  why must this always be the top comment on these posts ? 
  that probably holds some truth for every generation since the dawn of mankind . 
  do port emissions count ? 
  i guess they do . 
  indeed , i can always tell when if someone is from italy or france when speaking english if they either move their hands and sing or have a baguette , respectively . 
  yeah that 's about it . 
  the op did it back then : https://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/comments/3hdbld/portugal_in_the_style_of_brazil/cu6fd50/, 
   after you pay taxes , save for retirement , at least half your paycheck is gone . 
  half an american paycheck is still a lot more than we earn here anyway . 
  yes , americans earn greatly and spend greatly . 
  it is the very reason why their economy is so strong . 
  that and the abomination that is needing a credit score . 
  this is true , air masses come from the atlantic or europe and they 're cold to warm . 
  air masses come from the sahara and they 're hot as fuck . 
  from the king actually . 
  and the king refused not only because he already had the plans in motion to reach india anyway , but because columbus plan was bad , because we already knew how far away india was and it was not what he said . 
  he really just got lucky there was something there . 
  also , fun theory : the portuguese king actually told columbus to sell his idea to spain so they would waste their resources on what would have been a futile effort , rather than competing against the portuguese . 
  true , his name is cristov\u00e3o colombo . 
  should n't have eaten kebab with it . 
  or this one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1969_portugal_earthquake, 
  tl ; dr : you get caught with minimal ammount of drugs , you are provided with counselling and rehab if you so desire . 
  if you get caught with more than minimal , then you are dealing and you go to jail . 
  ca n't tell if actual height or net height from sea level ... 
  how do you screenshot the entire website ? 
   nsfnl that 's great . 
  yes , i do n't think even us could survive 47 \u00b0 c with 100 % rh . 
  well yeah , that 's the whole point of sweat . 
  we do n't have that a ( condol\u00eancias ) . 
  i guess we replaced the sound with \u00ea .
