  not denying any of what you said , but i would like to add that was at the time of the iberian union and most policies by the king were about spain power , so most portuguese assets were used for spain 's wars . 
  it is no coincidence you mention a 60 years war ; that was the exact duration of the iberian union ( 1580-1640 ) . 
  the english also attacked our ships because they were spain 's ships , and were at war with them . 
  then we also had a super earthquake that forever changed our country and the world . 
  lingua franca is the working language , yes . 
  that said , there are a lot of oficial documents that will need to be written in english regardless of the language 's status . 
  that 's what lingua franca is . 
  everyone gets scanner and searched but since lisbin airport is small it 's not really a hassle since there 's no queue . 
   who do n't live up to their expectations . 
  well if that 's the reasoning for disowning someone i have to say that feels extremely barbaric and primitive ... 
  well , yes , you do n't drive in the right side of the road , for once . 
  yeah , the azores is one hour behind , and that is announced ( eg : it 's 10 in the continent , 9 in the azores ) . 
  not all europeans use cet , you know ? 
  that said , there 's no need to talk timezones since there 's no continental tv network alike the us 's nacional networks . 
  [ entremeada ] ( http://c8.quickcachr.fotos.sapo.pt/i/bc91401a1/15258597_mujza.jpeg ) . 
  in this case , grilled . 
  it beats bacon by a bajillion miles . 
  i enjoyed vienna very much and i 'd say it is worth the time . 
  i do n't know about boring , tho , as i personally do n't care about entertainment in trips . 
  then again i was n't there for a week . 
  that might be a lot . 
  we emphasize how we were the first in almost everything . 
  correct , spain gets boatloads of refugees due mostly to african wars and shitty conditions . 
  that said , the current refugee crisis is happening due to the syrian civil war and those are the ones everyone talks about ... 
  i have a very thin cloth bag that i use under all my clothes ( in my side , under my arm , so it 's basically invisible , or at least , thieves ca n't reach it ) where i keep my cash and my important papers . 
  whenever i need something , i go to a bathroom and take my shirt off . 
  i 've never lost any money this way , and can avoid the retard atm fees other countries have ( we do n't have them here ) . 
  as long as we get better wages , i do n't care . 
  it sucks that to make a little over $ 10k a year is the average here :|, 
  for reference if someone does n't understand , all americans are yanks to us , but only northerners are yankees to americans . 
  we 'd be that one student that does everything rigth and with distinction early on but eventually stops doing anything relevant the rest of the time . 
  a bit late , but i 'd like to add a bit of cultural trivia here regarding jewish last names : in portugal ( after spain 's catholic kings ' request ) , there was a royal decree stating that jews would either have to convert to christianity or leave the country . 
  many jews , not wanting to leave their ancestral homes , chose to convert and had to pick a new name . 
  most of them chose a simple first name but , rather than choosing surnames related to christian saints , chose things related to natural things . 
  mostly fruit tree names like pereira - pear tree , figueira - fig tree , nogueira - nut tree , etc. 
  it could also include other things , like serra - mountain range , campos - fields , silva - brushery . 
  they are now extremely common names and i would even say stereotypical portuguese names . 
  silva , for instance , is the most common portuguese surname of all . 
  and herein lies a great problem . 
  people get an education in their country of origin , costing their state a certain amount of money , and they choose ( as is their right ) to live , work and pay taxes elsewhere , thus unbalacing the accounts . 
  indeed , wages are shit . 
  it is n't used at all anymore , sure , but ianque means american here . 
  there are people who call us spanish already ... 
  i understand you do n't like it , but it 's just how it is . 
  in portugal , the most used name for the uk , coloquially , is england and british are english . 
  we differentiate you as much as we differentiate people from different regions in other countries . 
  a south italian and a north italian , while certainly being different , are all italian to me . 
  thus , a scottishman and an english man are all british ( or english , coloquially ) to me . 
  i 'm sure it 's the same for you for other countries , no ? 
  you could say , it was nice ? 
  as long as they do n't leave their children behind and blame the locals ... 
  does the us have a law stating their national animal ? 
  did they ever swap positions ? 
  that 's arguable , but nonetheless glasses are still more hygienic than plastic cups and they can break in the washing machine , more so if they are party-type glasses . 
  not trying to be offensive either , but why would showing effort on cleanliness be a joke ? 
  not common at all . 
  but we have the `` work to live '' culture here unlike the opposite in the states . 
  on the contrary , our culture pushes us to not outperform anyone . 
  the idea is to create a helpful and humane society rather than a bunch of selfish and greedy individuais . 
  it is not perfect tho as there 's plenty of abuse from some people . 
  what ? 
  jesus birth is on the 25th , not the 24th , at all . 
  where did you learn it was on the the 24th ? 
  lisbon . 
  we use portuguese if we 're dealing with portuguese speakers , english with everyone else . 
  most attractive : italians . 
  least attractive : french . 
  i think they are n't pets . 
   people that are well off do n't have to commit crimes . 
  the entre city of lisbon , but namely the old neighbourhoods like alfama , is going to be celebrating its patron saint , st ant\u00f3nio . 
  that means there will be music , dances , food , booze , a lot of people in the streets , etc. 
  had you arrive onde day earlier and you 'd catch the peak of it ( friday night ) but you will be very pleased anyway . 
  you could n't have picked a better day to visit lisbon in the whole year . 
  enjoy , 
  i have never used hyphens for dates in my life . 
  it got obvious after a bit , but i laughed at the heritage parts . 
  `` like , it 's so , like , green . 
  like . '', 
  an alternative to botellon is good dinner in a restaurant that serves all-you-can-drink booze , generally beer or sangria . 
  followed by the night out itself . 
  can confirm , i 've never heard of it . 
  edit : on mobile so not sure if flair is correct . 
  i 'm portuguese . 
  there 's a party in portugal . 
  i think . 
  it might have died due to few members . 
  and where is this ? 
  what is 750 $ worth in terms of cost of living in denmark ? 
  barely enough , comfortable ? 
  i use it in english . 
  everything i do in my computer is in english anyway , may as well not have to change language for no reason . 
  they 'll never think you 're talking about american football . 
   and dear god your mainstream culture ( mainstream hollywood movies , tv shows , children 's shows , music and videos ) is so problematic , but it 's unavoidable . 
  it 's everywhere , it 's cheap and ever since english became the lingua franca of the world it overshadows any other cultural influences . 
  this is so true . 
  it 's not that american culture is anything great , it 's just that it 's mass produced . 
  i 'm lost , what is the stereotype about the dutch on reddit ? 
  i thought you were all stoners . 
  what else ? 
  this is n't going to work for us .
