  beautiful , sure . 
  special , not at all . 
  more than my own , no . 
  i think our women look absolutely amazing . 
  i much prefer tanned , light-eyed brunettes than any other kind . 
  that sentence is both very naive and extremely condescending ... duning-kruger at its best . 
  it could be built , but it probably would n't function rigth and collapse after a few weeks . 
  he 's simply answering your downvotes edit . 
  it 's the definition . 
  afaik , in the uk asians refer to everything asian , from syria to japan . 
  in the us it refers to the thin-eyed variety . 
  uk asians or us asians ? 
  not sure why the downvotes , it probably sounds better out of habit . 
  kinda like saying russia rather than rus republic . 
  we have two kinds of portuguese language in regards to this : you either curse casually in every sentence you say ( north ) or you do n't curse at all ( south ) . 
  many places in the countryside run their sirens at noon everyday . 
  this is an upgrade from an old tradition of churches ringing their bells at noon , and this was done to let the people on the fields know it is noon and lunch time . 
  we have a say here that people work from sun to sun . 
  sunrise to sunset . 
  that probably would n't work very well in northern europe latitudes . 
  why did you get a ticket ? 
  [ this ] ( https://www.fct.pt/apoios/bolsas/valores.phtml.en ) , basically . 
  no idea why english version only translates half of it , but these are monthly values for research-based scholarships on public institutions . 
  jobs in the private section pay about the same ( annually ) . 
  please send help . 
  just think the other way around : how would you feel about a country that elects a joke to govern them ? 
  the high slope roofs and those particular chimneys make me think this is french , perhaps paris . 
  but this is just a wild guess . 
  could really be anywhere . 
  same here really . 
  `` acabar '' = to end . 
  `` eles acabaram '' = they ended . 
  it 's cheaper to buy per month than it is to rent . 
  of course , you need to have 20 % upfront and hope the bank accepts the loan . 
  you usually use your own parents ' patrimony for that . 
  because there 's no other way . 
  have common friends . 
  that is 100 % the only way you 'll ever get a girl in portugal . 
  it is a total nightmare , i have no idea which genius thought of it . 
  to put it simple , every year all teachers that are not yet integrated into the system ( which nowadays only about 15 years of work ) enter a contest ( literally , it 's called like that ) where you get points for how many hours you have worked before . 
  you can enter the contest for full time ( 22 paid hours + all the extra unpaid work ) , or for less hours ( but more likely to get in ) . 
  obviously , young people must run for fewer hours thus taking longer to progress in the career . 
  there 's also some serious injustice as to those before a certain year ( 2005 i think , not sure ) had a much , much easier time to enter the system ( ~ 4 years ) and they 're basically unfireable and get fucktons of benefits . 
  seriously , the teaching career in portugal needs a complete overhaul . 
  now there are a lot of unmotivated professionals who never know where they 'll be next year . 
  it 's like they do n't want kids to learn . 
  my fianc\u00e9e is in that situation . 
  she 's also a history teacher like you , but due to so many people running for it she had to took a masters in teaching geography and it 's what giving her work . 
  that and lots of tutoring . 
  sorry for the rant mate , i wish you the best of luck and am glad you have a job you love < 3, 
  how do you get a teacher job in the uk ? 
  do you send r\u00e9sum\u00e9s and do the usual procedure for any job ? 
  here in portugal we have what in the end amounts to a fucking lottery , so every year is an unknown . 
  unless of course you were lucky to be a teacher before ~ 2005 in which case you 're set for life . 
  portuguese humour sucks , it 's based in imitation and humiliation . 
  very little wit about it . 
  a shame really . 
  same in portuguese , `` sair \u00e0 francesa '' . 
  we do n't run red lights on our cars ( except some people and only if they are really on top of it ) . 
  furthermore , i 'm not talking about crossing on small roads after corners with little to no visibility . 
  i 'm talking big straight roads where you can see cars far , far away . 
  i mean , there are some crosswalks with no lights at all , what should i do there ? 
  pedestrian lights are seen as an indicator of what the car light is at the moment . 
  you 're still very capable of looking around and critically thinking about crossing or not . 
  see , this is what i 'm talking about . 
  a speeding car might kill me even if the light is green . 
  yeah i was thinking mostly about pedestrian crosswalks and how they wo n't cross if there 's a red light even if there 's no car coming at all , and sneer and look smug if anyone else crosses . 
  germans respect traffic signs till the very end . 
  wtf weird people !, 
  it is not a mistake . 
  how very arrogant of you . 
  countries and towns have different names in different languages . 
  they are from espa\u00f1a , but we all call it spain here . 
  avoid milan like the plague . 
  it is a city of thieves . 
  untill they start sorting that out i really do not recommend it . 
  i honestly do n't think that 'd fly here . 
  we have two kinds of roma here : the troublemaker gipsy roma with their shitty culture of whom no one cares about and what them all gone , and the portuguese who happens to have some roma ascendence but that does not really matter , as they 're portuguese , period , and want to see gipsies off as much as everyone else . 
  what about portugal ? 
  we get the name in our letters too , but we also get flat floor and number/letter . 
  something like the queen 's english accent and a redneck american english speaking . 
  very different intonation and vocabulary all together . 
  it is understandable and it is indeed the same language , but still ... 
  i always pick english . 
  to be honest , as a tourist i absolutely love it too as there are almost no cars and you can walk freely . 
  it 's just that the signs are often almost invisible ( sometimes in places where you can barely turn around ) and completely in italian so it gets very confusing . 
  i can understand a bit of the language but still had a hard time understanding if i could or could not enter here and there . 
  not laugh , when a foreigner says they 've learned portuguese they always speak the brazillian version and i cri everytime . 
  we got you beat there by far . 
  you only mention that because there 's a lot of portuguese immigrants in france . 
  sad thing is i knew milan has a bad reputation for thieves , but my half-soul wanted to go there out of curiosity and i acquiesced . 
  sorry milanese , but my advice for anyone visiting italy is to skip milan 100 % . 
  also pay attention to the fucking [ ztl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zona_a_traffico_limitato ) s , they are all over the damn place , in the tiniest village . 
  well [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish%e2%80%93portuguese_war ) list has a few , but there were a lot of skirmishes over borders throughout early portuguese history . 
  the most taught battle is definitely the [ battle of aljubarrota ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_aljubarrota ) ( 6000 vs 30000 with the smaller team winning ) . 
  this one basically halted a complete conquest . 
  believe it or not , we have a strong relationship with spain . 
  we see you as a sibling , with all rivalries , fights and friendships associated . 
  it 's a shame that portugal is , for the most part , completely ignored by spaniards away from the border . 
  i believe you can blame franco for that .
