  both \u00e7 and a c followed by a vowel have the s sound , so sui\u00e7a and suecia sound just as close . 
  replace plan with dashcam and you 've got modern russia . 
   the racism charge was brought this week by local politician mohamed suleban this is n't surprising at all . 
   they also have smells ( pleasant ones ) they may not be entirely accurate , though . 
  what , are we one of the most corrupt countries ? 
  they should n't , sure . 
  but this information should have been sent to the appropriate channels ( law enforcement ) rather than released into the public like that . 
  wow , such diplomatic work . 
  vatican - latin , no ? 
  love germany and poland . 
  actually , the us has no official language , so even english speakers would have to get out . 
  tornadoesnt *, 
  uh , i thought we had a bunch of them here , but that number sounds about right , really ( they 're all in the south ) , but spain is overwhelmed . 
  not that it is a bad thing , to be honest . 
  i do n't really give a shit about their nationalistic grieve either . 
  it 's still dead people . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  while it is easily argued that it is n't anything as big as what americans make it , i still think it 's 3000 families who suffered that day . 
  that they may do worse every year is no excuse to call it insignificant . 
  have some common sense . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/earth volume of the ocean : 1.332 \u00d7 10 ^ 9 km ^ 3 . 
  volume of the earth : 1.08321 \u00d7 10 ^ 12 km ^ 3 . 
  this amounts to 0.122 % . 
  so , okay , i was off by an order of magnitude . 
  still , that said , the oceans amount to about 99 % of total volume of water in the world , so maybe that 's where the confusion comes from . 
  water makes for 98 % of the earth 's volume , what ?!, 
  it makes something like 0.01 % or something . 
  they speak spanish in spain . 
  that is pretty nasty , i 'd say . 
  the funniest part of this video was his ` oke ' after every language . 
  the isles are n't showing , the fat king of madeira would like to have a word here !, 
  not really , he 's threatened independence but no one there wants it . 
  why fear for europe ? 
   it would have taken away the ability for the queen to engage in military action without parliamentary consent . 
  i know what you mean , but i still love that sentence for its literal meaning . 
  i know , hence why i capitalized it !, 
  man , how old is your grandmother ?!, 
  i thought this was a , do n't know , renaissance thing . 
  the colour is called orange after the fruit , not the other way around . 
  i dare say this is true for all of europe , but i could be wrong . 
  til beer comes from pie !, 
  please ... 1000l is about what my family drinks every year . 
  per capita . 
  children included . 
  not for the baby , no , but kidnapping is far worse for the parents , no ? 
  it 's the same here . 
  i know a 80 + years old gypsy woman who is an absolute blast of a person , works a lot ( at that age ) , cooks like an angel , and i love her . 
  she was n't born in the town she is now , but she went there very young , at about 20 , and has proven herself a great part of the community , and has absorbed every part of our civilized culture . 
  she will be absolutely missed by everyone . 
  then you have the ghettos in the big cities , or the caravan isles in fields , where their culture is just complete garbage , and those gypsies are mostly thieves . 
  i do n't have much issues with gypsies , and i do n't immediately stereotype because then i think of that old woman . 
  but , living in the big city , sometimes it 's really hard . 
  saying this , it is a problem of integration . 
  it really is n't money . 
  they have a fuckton of money , which you can see with the bmws and whatnot . 
  the ` gypsies are baby kidnappers ' fiasco . 
  what exactly is a chemist and what does he sell ? 
  or is that how you call pharmacies ? 
  i 'd like to try new zealand , it 's kinda like portugal with mountains of stone and sheep . 
  you 're right , it seems so . 
  i wish the photographer would have taken a better shot at that part . 
  electrified wires . 
  i 'm trying to understand what it is that the eagle is looking at , ie those flying robots atop the sheep . 
  since i ca n't speak russian , is it actual terrorism or just a maniac ? 
   `` our clients ' claim is that ` we never abducted this child , we just adopted her ' in a way that was not legal , that we can confess , '' said mr katsavos . 
  i 'd just like to point this out :  police have found the woman had two different identification documents and other papers suggested the couple had up to 14 children , but six were registered as having been born within less than 10 months . 
  in : http://in.reuters.com/article/2013/10/21/us-greece-girl-court-idinbre99k0gp20131021, 
  the cross of saint adolf . 
  what the fuck do you people do to high schoolers ? 
  part of it is an exporter , part of it is an importer . 
  i guess part of the bluemerang . 
  i guess \u00e7 is acentuation ? 
  why were you surprised people are bothered by cigarette smoke ? 
  i do n't know the irish anti-smoking movement . 
  what does moral have to do with it ? 
  because i agree that smoking should be controlled for health and non-smoker comfort reasons ( it 's really annoying to be in a place with smoke , tbh ) , but i in no way feel superior to smokers . 
  polandball . 
  well that 's easy then : our comfort food is everything our mothers cook !, 
  i do n't understand , what is comfort food ? 
  i ca n't think of a portuguese dish that does n't comfort me , to be honest . 
  it 's okay , if we had to buy energy from spain after the 5 o'clock novela we 'd be even less fortunate now . 
  that would be a plutocracy . 
  they 're all from central europe , barely knew any , 5/20 . 
  what exactly do you mean , `` modern '' ? 
  i reckon it is in quotes for a reason ... 
  yes . 
  ... not in the example given . 
  science is global and should be treated as such . 
  a ranking of five for every question makes it look like / r/europe gives the middle finger to a lot of issues . 
  they are a kingdom . 
  they have greenland . 
  they had vikings . 
  if i recall correctly their young are really shitty and nasty tourists . 
  i thought you were talking about sea-port ... well , to be honest , is n't the entire map based on new york anyway ? 
  i 'll admit to have never seen newton with short hair/wig . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  is n't a port a thing ? 
  one thing i do n't understand is why americans keep underestimating european military might . 
  sure , we may not have your numbers , and i really am not saying we are stronger than you . 
  but do n't downplay us like we were a leaf in the wind .
