til ombudsman . 
  goddamnit english language . 
  maybe the hiring person does n't want competition . 
  that you normally support russia in its uninvited foreign space surveys . 
  so the russians first flew nuclear bombers close to portugal , now they may be mapping a place to hide a nuclear submarine ? 
  the cold war nuclear fear has never really reached portugal , but it seems the russians are bent in us catching it up !, 
  i was n't even talking about national colours or something of the kind . 
  a light blue nation bordering the ocean is barely visible . 
  i get the same feeling when i drink wine . 
  maybe that 's it ? 
  that 's a shitty colour for belgium . 
  that 's where it comes from . 
  i hope they fired him using a warship . 
  try the koprulu sector . 
  in a way , what / u/100courics said is that kind joke where everyone sees the obvious and does n't talk about it , so everyone is giggling like little girls at each other . 
  the obvious part here is the beginning of the title : the white flag of the french . 
  hey , nobody said anything !, 
  this is hilarious . 
  you really read way too much into comments . 
  that 's sad . 
  see , that 's condescending . 
  i have n't done it . 
  why in heaven 's sake would i ever agree with you ? 
  we 're from two different cultures . 
  you 're not wrong , i 'm not wrong . 
  it 's different . 
  i understand what african-american means , but you asked in the first question what you meant about emphasizing , and i 've tried to explain it . 
  the example i gave was the closest i could think of about how race is seen around here - it is n't . 
  really , i had no idea we were trying to convince each other of anything . 
  i sure as hell was n't . 
  but winning is winning i guess . 
  what 's the prize ? 
  calling someone african-american is racist in that you are differentiating people . 
  you 're trying to say that their race matters , or at least that it is a relevant part of the deeds they do . 
  it is n't . 
  listen , as an example , i do n't know if you watch dr. who . 
  it 's a british series . 
  you should pay attention at the races of the actors . 
  they 're generally white because there 's more of them , but any black actor that shows up plays exactly the same role he 'd play if he was white . 
  this is n't a pretentious way to show they 're equal - there just is n't a difference at all . 
  there 's no yoyo ghetto culture , no special african role , nothing . 
  they 're british , period . 
  there 's white teachers , there 's black teachers . 
  there 's white thugs , there 's black thugs . 
  there 's white aliens , there 's black aliens . 
  race does n't matter !, 
  wherehas in any american series , asians are invariably the genious/quick of mind ( or body ) people , blacks are fast and more often than not the joke , hispanic have strong family values and white (  implying hispanic are n't white ) people are the smart guys . 
  this is pretty much standard anywhere . 
  what am i trying to say ? 
  in your culture , entertainment or not , race is important . 
  as a cultural background ? 
  sure , call it whatever you want . 
  in our culture , it is n't . 
  at all . 
  yet i always see them called african-americans , not just americans . 
  this is the point : you emphasize the race , for no real good reason . 
  i 'm trying to understand if you 're implying that finding a person from another race is such a rare event that i 'd bat an eye ... 
  i hope you are n't , because i would n't . 
  thing is , believe it or not , i see all of them as portuguese . 
  that they are black/asian/innuit is irrelevant . 
  i think that 's exactly what he means . 
  racism is talked a lot in the us , it ia given a lot of emphasis . 
  in here , we do n't really talk about it so much . 
  once in a while there 's some scandal , but that 's about it . 
  it 's just not that important . 
  besides , racism in europe is n't based on race ( ie physical appearance ) but on culture . 
  a white chav or a black chav are the same . 
  roma is the race , gypsy is the culture ( eg , irish travelers ) . 
  the issue is that you generally should not judge one individual based on the actions of other with his background . 
  i for one agree that the gypsy culture is awful and the bad parts should be eradicated , but i do n't judge one gypsy because of it . 
  or hate him . 
  it 's not hate of race , but culture . 
  so , not racism , but , uh , culturism ? 
  no , that 's not it ... 
  if stinking would be enough to get some sense put into putin , i 'm all for some national fart fest . 
  the moon is large is also a true statement and just as relevant . 
   in 1945 , he received a german surrender offer from heinrich himmler , though the offer was ultimately rejected . 
  wait , what ? 
  what is this about ? 
  speak for yourself then , it is amazing to hear while drunk !, 
  then there 's also [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2fccjc/some_seriously_awkward_old_album_covers/ck801ax ) . 
  should have read african-american . 
  or african-german , fine . 
  edit : guyses . 
  is joke . 
  but can they be saucy ? 
  then you should read the post you were responding to ... 
  international even ? 
  i have n't actually read that anywhere , just that they went west of portugal , but that 's pretty vague . 
  what about migration numbers ? 
  what does that have to do with them being women ? 
  they 'll just spam polders . 
  paintbrush in portuguese is ` pincel ' . 
  it never clicked to me how close it is to ` pencil ' , and how they 'd even be related !, 
  i love these maps . 
  actually , utc ( coordenated universal time ) is the standard , not gmt . 
  it 's something like [ this ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/foodspotting-ec2/reviews/4428727/thumb_600.jpg?1390749979 ) , although that one looks a bit on the dry side . 
  like all cheeses , it does n't look like much , but it 's a godsend to your tastebuds !, 
  no idea what they are called in english , but there are some sheep cheeses in portugal that are served pretty much everywhere as an entrance ( with bread ) that i just ca n't get enough of . 
  i ca n't seem to find a decent picture of it , though : /,
