  all i get from google are different versions of this article ... 
  i ca n't , i was being obnoxious like op . 
  finnish-americans *, 
  http://goeurope.about.com/od/europeanmaps/l/bl-country-size-comparison-map.htm edit : also , if you really want to compare sizes , how about florida and scandinavia ? 
  quite surprised to see germany and austria like that . 
  any particular reason ? 
  people can lose their jobs if they do n't do it . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  you do n't have to be american to have that reaction from rotten herring , really !, 
  also , what are those blue chips ? 
  ah , germanic humour . 
  oh i personally do n't mind that . 
  before 2008 that could be true , but now they found out there 's no gold in poortugal . 
  no , what is annoying is that because brazilians laugh weirdly on the internets ( huehuehue , kkkkk , rsrsrs , huashaushsdh , etc ) , we portuguese do it too , like i 've seen in polandball . 
  please , we 're europeans , we laugh as poshly as we can : lol , rofl and hahaha . 
  to be honest , north america is the only place in the world , bar antartica , where the portuguese have no influence whatsoever , and whatever history of the discovery age you get is mostly about spain and columbus , as if that one journey was of great importance at the time ( one could say that 's a bit offensive to us , but that 's mostly good old jealously and * saudade * ) . 
  but for a more direct answer : no , of course it 's not only americans . 
  in my defence , i thought i said mostly , but oh well , my bad . 
  actually , the other day i entered a conversation with a bunch of americans regarding whatever topic ( think it was guns ) on facebook , and at a moment i said ` you americans ' and i got trashed it . 
  for the actual use of these two words . 
  in the end , it seemed it was for grouping all of you in two words . 
  like , ` there are lots of different people on america , you americans makes no sense , blah blah ' . 
  i was quite puzzled , it seemed i was being offensive and that was never my intention to . 
  to this day , i 'm still not quite sure what happened . 
  huehuehue edit : also , ` are n't you a part of spain ? 
  ' , but i reckon that 's really only americans who say that . 
  the ignorant ones . 
  well , to be honest , this national unity can and has been used by your leaders to bring war upon foreign nations . 
  i 'm not saying this will be so in this particular case , but nationalism can be a terrible weapon , just like vondi said . 
  you know , i could say it 's not entirely obvious if you 're talking about americans speaking about europe or europeans speaking about america . 
  i do n't find it weird at all . 
  it 's unity against a common foe , that can be a sign of strength . 
  that said , that such strength can be misdirected by their politicians ( iraq ) is a bit scary . 
  i almost fear for the czechs . 
  a small note , their unity is based on history being made in the present rather than our national unity , in europe , which is very much based in our rich , but past , history . 
   i 'd also be harry, 
  you do n't have to be sorry . 
  happy cake day !, 
  what exactly will this do ? 
  it 's not like the uneducated will read this . 
  do n't worry , we do n't all think americans are all morons . 
  this is funny and sad nonetheless . 
  you should post this in / r/erasmus and / r/portugal . 
  well , what is your opinion as an american , then ? 
  what is the definition of a major economy ? 
  i mean , i love my country , of course , but  this achievement by portugal is likely to be a world record for a major economy . 
  does this make sense ? 
  it 's okay , come summer , if it 's hot , all that green will be yellow and burn . 
  to anyone wondering , the text mentions it :  use the interactive guide below to explore ** the top 20 most wanted professionals ** and the countries that want their skills . 
  so , do n't be surprised if your profession does n't show up . 
  is n't that the same thing ? 
  you can either say that people are entering another eu country from germany , or that they 're leaving germany for another eu country . 
  check first post , it seems you 're not the only one . 
  yes , that 's immigration . 
  i asked emigration . 
  in the bar graphs , the countries of origin are shown , and both the uk and germany are reasonably high . 
  of course , having no scale , i have no idea if that 's absolute or relative terms . 
  why is emigration that big in the uk and germany ( according to the bar graphs ) ? 
  edit : guys , i said emigration . 
  not immigration . 
  to clarify , check image : http://i.imgur.com/fvlnppv.png why are both germany and uk in there if they 're also the countries more people go to ? 
  i find it odd . 
  unless it 's people returning home or something . 
  frankly , the only city of the four that is probably well known internationally is amsterdam , because of hollywood . 
  and the red district . 
  and weed . 
  edit : by known i mean that people know what the city looks like , not that those other capitals are unheard of . 
  that 's racist . 
  he could well be white for all you know . 
  all of them stole your bike , even . 
  do people really call germans nazis outside of godwin 's law ? 
  so you see , it 's not only on / r/europe we complain a lot . 
  semester comes from latin . 
  it means , exactly , six months . 
  likewise , trimester means three months . 
  they do not mean either half or a third of a period , if you look at it literally , but they are used like that mostly in the academic world ( or others ) . 
  in fact , a semester can mean two things in portugal : six months , or half an academic year , just like yours . 
  trimester has the same meaning in pregnancies , but that is because it 's three months , not because it is a third of nine months . 
  that 's just a coincidence . 
  we will also laugh at being made fun of . 
  then complain of you damned foreigners . 
  so , skin colour , it is an illness ? 
   what 's the deal with this muslim persecution !, 
  if that is a question , it should have had a question mark . 
  you see , i ca n't tell if rape/sexual crimes in india are increasing , or the reports are . 
  this is very anecdotal , but i have felt a few times that i see more good cars in portugal than i 've ever seen before . 
  this is to say , i 'm not sure if this does n't mean that there are less shitty cars because poor people are getting poorer and more better cars because the rich are getting richer . 
  i do n't give a shit about religion . 
  it still scares me quite a bit that it is the second occasion that people are given something to eat and it turns out there is something in the food they did not buy . 
  this issue is far beyond the delight of atheists over some muslim children tears and their fathers ripped beards , it 's about the lack of control over the food industry . 
  you said it yourself :  3 . 
  an electoral system that balances the will of both the general population and states through a system like the electoral college , so as to , once again , avoid the executive branch from being dominated by the eu3 or more-populated american states . 
  how is a system that benefits states rather than people democratic ? 
  not in the last month . 
  with `` market '' above . 
   apparently it 's healthier too . 
   how so ? 
  well , we dine a hour or two after sunset . 
  i guess you do follow the same trend ... edit : on winter , that is . 
  on summer we both eat before sunset !,
