  yeah , i do n't think i 'd get anything at all , at least not directly . 
  oh man , i ca n't even imagine the stuff i can do with my 5 cents !, 
  what 's going on in there ? 
  to foreigners , you mean . 
  i have plenty of responses for this depending on who asks . 
   nordic : cold ftfy, 
  if i recall correctly from last time i 've seen this , it 's actually because it is a relative number and those regions have much less people in them , which means that the same number of murders has an higher impact in this index . 
  it does n't excuse them , of course , but in absolute numbers the other regions have more homicides . 
  it does work , i see . 
  [ i 'm sorry ] ( http://i1095.photobucket.com/albums/i476/nzeffer/davidtennantcryingintherain.gif ) . 
  how would that make us insular , though ? 
  which is still in the uk . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ too ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ soon ? 
  the colonizers are viewed as insular ? 
  what ? 
  i do n't know , at least portuguese culture has a lot of african and indian influence . 
  well that one 's a joke . 
  but there 's probably several other examples which just are n't . 
  how many times must this be posted ? 
  have you considered that this is the one corner on reddit we can be european ( whatever that means ) ? 
  every other subreddit here is absolutely dominated by americans , with your american point of views , your american life styles , your american cultural traits , your american political choices , your american shitty puns . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have nothing against any of that and i find it interesting in an exotic , foreign kind of way , but then if i comment that , `` as an european i do this '' , more often than not i get some flak . 
  i even get a lot of `` reddit is mostly american '' , which is n't even true . 
  so if we seem to sometimes be harsh to americans here , it 's in a `` mind your own business , let us talk about our own '' kind of way . 
  you 're free to tell us your opinion , but you 'll probably be ignored , unless you sound like a bastard , which will then have a response , like pretty much any other nationality . 
  now , i disagree with you that we are more prejudiced . 
  i really do n't think we are , or not much at least . 
  if anything , we care less about political correctness ( unless you 're swedish ) that comes along with any argument about minorities , because it does n't really make sense . 
  and it most certainly does not change the validity ( or lack of it ) of many an argument we may have . 
  as for free speech , that 's a matter of culture indeed . 
  to me , the american version of free speech is incomplete . 
  the idea is to protect people from government persecution , which makes all the sense in the world , and to let people voice their opinions and counter-opinions to create an healthy version of the old roman forums . 
  however , that 's not really what seems to happen , giving the oft-cited example of wbc and how you , as a people , do n't really have the power to stop them from picketing funerals . 
  do correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  our version ( which differs from country to country ) is not quite the same . 
  mind you , i am still absolutely free to say anything i want ( which is something sometimes it seems americans ca n't understand ) , but if some people have to be protected from some of that speech ( like the families of funerals wbc picket ) , then that responsibility may lay in the government which is , after all , supposed to be the will of the people , who can try and work against those decisions if they want . 
  if it 's perfect ? 
  of course not . 
  but it makes sense to me . 
  which is why i 'm saying it 's cultural . 
  in the end , we just have very different ideas of what being offended means . 
  your opinion is still most welcome , but expect a response you may not be used to in america . 
  he 's scottish . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  yes , we do have a lot of people from brazil , angola , and all the portuguese-speaking world . 
  why does portugal only have one country ? 
  i agree . 
  it is an epitome of the old , international saying , '' * grass is greener in the other side * '' . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.dw.de/is-portugal-the-new-india-of-europe/a-17266320 ) would be a reason . 
  we have a fuckton of international call centers here . 
  i guess it helps we do n't dub every tv show . 
  learn with it , spain !, 
  well , let 's see . 
  [ rakia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rakia ) has about 40 % alcohol ( assuming it 's an imported bottle and not homemade like stated in there ) . 
  since it takes a swede about one shot ( ~ 50 ml ) to get drunk , that would give us 20 ml of pure alcohol . 
  since an average human has about 5 litres of blood , op would therefore be about 4 \u2030 bulgarian . 
  you were not far off at all !, 
  since the iberian peninsula kinda resembles a head , i think portugal is the ugly face : /, 
  well technically he is n't wrong . 
  what obvious reasons , snow ? 
  the virgin mary in fatima did not happen in the spanish-speaking world !, 
  oh man , a shame you ca n't hear it in zulu . 
  algarve 's the popular area , so it is covered . 
  definitely agree , though , everything else should also have a route , but hey ... 
  we 're poor , things are cheap , but we have a first world quality of life for sure . 
  still looks like the portuguese flag . 
  no it did n't . 
  the woman was called palmira silva , a very portuguese name , but the police believe she was italian . 
  there 's your multiculturalism !, 
    suicide rates  does n't really apply to most people . 
  i do n't care for the spain vs uk argument , but that 's an odd thing to say . 
  i 've heard loos called thrones before , i guess this is where it comes from ? 
  i agree , but the throne , on the other hand , looks great . 
  this is new to me . 
  i ca n't think of one city the whole country makes fun of . 
  northern people make fun of lisbon , southern people make fun of porto , and then again not really . 
  maybe a region , alentejo ? 
  skirts , an use for male nipples ... scotland , the original feminist country . 
  as portuguese . 
  that i am european is implied , and i see no point in stating it . 
  race ( if not visible ) and religion are irrelevant in introductions . 
  team work , i guess . 
  a sail ship requires a lot of coordination . 
  also it 's navy hispanic , not white !, 
  i wish blue eyes were the only requisite to joining northern europe . 
  you also have to speak extremely weird languages and be a cold person . 
   i got your back , friend . 
  fascist dictators tend to be . 
  does n't matter , fisherman fished a wife . 
  this is one of those posts you look at and just know the poster 's british . 
  for some reason i found it funny . 
  imagine how we handle rain around here !, 
  is there a tallest structure that ca n't be seen in the distance ( unless blocked by mountains , of course ) ? 
   particularly unusual names sometimes draw legal attention even in english-speaking countries . 
  in 2008 , a judge in new zealand ordered that 9-year-old talula does the hula from hawaii 's name be changed and stripped her parents of custody . 
  other names unacceptable to family court judge rob murfitt included stallion , yeah detroit , fish and chips , twisty poi , keenan got lucy and sex fruit . 
  talula does the hula from hawaii . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's awful or awesome ... 
  portugal : yes . 
  it 's a nice little country , he 'd enjoy it here .
