  indeed , one can only expect the best speeches of caution and humanity from our beloved appointed leaders . 
  nationality first . 
  i figured with all the cynical text , but i would not be surprised if people actually thought that . 
  but i guess i bit it a bit too hard , yes . 
  so tabloids publish bullshit and all of a sudden all of us hate germans , eh ? 
  it seems [ / r/europe ] ( / r/europe ) is a liberal socialist atheistic heaven . 
  i like that . 
  but i wonder how many people selected more than one age group and gender . 
  there should be plenty more languages . 
  there 's a variation of portuguese/galician spoken in a town of portugal , the [ mirandese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mirandese_language ) . 
  i just checked both of those boxes . 
  not ideal but it 'll have to work . 
  i could be wrong in saying this , but is n't that because the area is so small while still containing a large city ? 
  i mean , all the dark purple layers are tiny , for that reason . 
  language difficulty : asian . 
  i am just a layman in politics and economics , but i can try answering this : nobody here ( portugal ) actually views germans as arrogant , but people do resent mostly two things . 
  neither is actually completly german , and we actually blame france the most : first comes the obliteration of our fishing fleets , and other production quotas we often reach , resulting in waste and loss of profit so much more fertile central europe can profit instead . 
  yes , we do get paid for it , but it does nothing for national pride . 
  which is actually hurt by the second cause of resentment , the constant name calling - piigs , lazy southerners , etc. 
  we 're not actually lazy . 
  everyday i take the bus , and everyday it is filled . 
  even at diferent hours . 
  we do try to walk around , but the difference is that we mostly just prefer to spend our money rather than invest it . 
  we also have less productivity , although we work more than , say , germany , because of different cultural attributes . 
  it just seems , sometimes , that we are penalized for it , when it is cultural difference that makes europe richer . 
  we 're actually a bit sensitive , and proud , about that . 
  after all , northeners usually pick the south for vacations , for good reasons  that said , and this is my sincere opinion based on reading news and listening to bus talk as a reasonable source of popular hearsay , we do not consider the german people arrogant , at all , although the price for help is considered very high , but we 'd certainly appreciate if you leashed your top politicians so they do not mutter bullshit about the south 's inferiority , and please do not allow merkel to raise the spectre of war as an argument ever again . 
  edit : fixed some typos and added paragrahps for easier reading , it 's hard to type big texts in my tablet !, 
  why am i from mauritania ?!, 
  portugal can not into soviet new order :( also , i quite enjoy the friesland flag , but it should have been a chip !, 
  edit : should have disabled inbox replies , goddamned spammers !, 
  porto 2 . 
  they used to exist , not too long ago . 
  as far as i know it never worked too well and some people managed to catch fire or get soaked in petrol . 
  yes , because kids use them for homework . 
  ca n't do that if books stay at school . 
  books often have exercises as well as theory itself , and kids would use it for homework . 
  ca n't do that if the book is sitting idle at school . 
  if by frozen food you mean meat bought in bulk when there are discounts and frozen in separated bags to be unfrozen and cooked later at will , then sure , i live from frozen food . 
  how do kids do homework ? 
  for the latter , you can also see the original version rather than the portuguese version . 
  fiat is n't american . 
  which country in europe ? 
   armenia : ca n't tell if paste did n't went through before hitting submit ... 
  my dad used to take care of his own lawn but now that he 's old he just hires someone . 
  much to his dismay , the grass has never looked better , even tho he has a degree in agriculture . 
  oxal\u00e1 in portuguese . 
  if it was evident , the top post would n't be asking what do you mean . 
  cork is my countries domestic product with a lot of international impact ( the majority of the world 's cork comes from portugal ) , but apparently that 's not what you wanted . 
  but not caragors ? 
  it is for the media . 
  lisbon . 
  nothing depressing about it . 
  edit : for foreigners that is . 
  just the newest fad for some young people to vent their frustration of being , in the end , powerless . 
  shit , yeah . 
  ... or maybe we do n't remember the touching part without the sound !, 
  mnemonic for glasses touching each other . 
  yes we actually go around saying tchim-tchim when toasting . 
  tho we can also say `` sa\u00fade '' . 
  it 's a management issue , not a work one . 
  managers in rich countries are well worth their money , managers in poorer countries are worth jack shit , and only care about getting as much as they can . 
  to be different from the rest of this thread , there is this place called oliven\u00e7a which is righteous portuguese clay , but there 's an homoousious place called olivenza in spain . 
  nah they think we speak a weird version of portuguese ( not true , they do !, 
  speaking portuguese . 
  i would think it would be more in the lines of the husband lifting her up while doing all the work . 
  you could call it the liftwife . 
  to help communicate . 
  english is a * lingua franca * to be sure , but the french are pretty bad at it . 
  keyword there would be `` just '' . 
  europe is so much more than its geography . 
  that said it still would n't be a peninsula because the supposed isthmus would be too large . 
  oh i can easily do more than that . 
  i 've been in milan before , it was a shitty city back then too , definitely not for tourists . 
  but now it is even more infested with thieving parasites . 
  the only reason we went there is because my fianc\u00e9e had never been there . 
  now i 'm just telling everyone who asks for opinion to absolutely avoid it . 
  it is 100 % not worth it . 
  it does close to nothing but i feel very good knowing there are tourists who would avoid that piece of shit city , not only for their safety but also because the city does not deserve tourist money . 
  it gets all it needs already . 
  i 'd say `` manga \u00e0 cava '' actually . 
  1 $ is 200 $ 482 , so prices everywhere naturally went from say 1000 $ 00 to 10 $ 00 for a smoother transition . 
  in other words , they doubled . 
  had a road trip in italy just this year , but in our very first stop our car was broken into and all our belongings there were taken . 
  all our clothing and hygiene items . 
  this was in milan . 
  then we went a week around italy , after buying stuff , and it was great . 
  oh i use public transportation , i 'm one of the alternative users . 
  but i do understand , even if i do n't like , why people park where they should n't . 
  not to me they ai n't , america is one continent . 
  this is definition really . 
  you 're probably rigth because of tectonics . 
  out of curiosity , what would you do in a situation where every decent parking spot in a 3km radius was taken ? 
  just circle and circle untill someone leaves ? 
  that 's what we do too , for a while , but often there 's just no point . 
  our cities have terrible parking planning . 
  yes . 
  often those alternatives ( among others ) are not available . 
  not everyone lives in flatlands and/or cities with decent public transportation . 
  africa : egypt america : canada asia : mongolia europe : my own oceania : new zealand i also find it interesting so many people split the american continent .
