  so you see what i mean with curious concept in that you have ignored portugal . 
  we just do n't feel the same , 
  conquer portugal . 
  we learn in our history classes of a few failed attempts , and it would seem you have never heard of them . 
   for the most time of our `` shared '' history we 've ignored portugal . 
  curious concept , for all we know you tried several times to conquer and always failed , and only succeeded with a sort of united kingdom . 
  all in the trunk . 
  sure , we both carried small backpacks with all our serious belongings . 
  still , it hurt : /, 
  i started my road trip in italy by renting a car near milan , and went there . 
  forst thing i do . 
  when i came back , i no longer had my bags or any clothes for one week . 
  the car , with no indication of being a rental , was broken into . 
  italy is great but man fuck milan . 
  in many languages , country and nation are interchangeable . 
  this might be the issue . 
  i guess i also say gin like that , i 'm guessing you mean like djinn ? 
  i speak it like in gin , the v sound makes no sense to me ... 
  eh , i guess peasants have that resentment against their capital overlords in every country on earth . 
  there 's plenty of indians , pakistanis and chinese immigrants around . 
  uk cars are n't on the small side , us cars are on the big side . 
  you have gigantic cars . 
  tide goes up , tide goes down , and we can explain that . 
  yes . 
  it 'd be fine as long as we keep the name . 
  what the fuck , $ 8 for a cup of coffee !, 
  new york is translated to nova iorque . 
  no , it 's columbia here . 
  probably ` mar ' ( sea in portuguese ) or ` oceano ' . 
  portugal : an emmigrant . 
  sounds about right :(, 
  it 's a commercial e , where e is the portuguese word for and . 
  the time there is no disruption of normal business hours , yeah . 
  what day is it then ? 
  and is it a holiday or normal workday ? 
  to be fair , elections are usually held on weekends . 
  just to point to out , spain does first own name -  second own name -  father 's family name -  mother 's family name . 
  here in portugal we switch the last two . 
  also it 's not compulsory , just tradition . 
  we did it . 
  both . 
  nah , most people have only two , same as spain but opposite . 
  of course it is . 
  breeze . 
  because they 're almost all brazillian , hue . 
  we still have vets around since our last war ended 42 years ago . 
  my uncle is one of them . 
  but nobody thinks of them like that . 
  we do n't have siesta :(, 
  climate can fall under geography so i 'd argue with that . 
  but we use tickets , not really queues . 
  hey i just did a quick research and it turns out there is !, 
  https://ciberduvidas.iscte-iul.pt/consultorio/perguntas/avos-e-avoss/19372 to put it simple , these portuguese words have roots in another words that had acute sounds in the middle , but while their evolution changed slightly in that av\u00f4 lost that sound , their plurals kept about the same . 
  to use the spanish words as i 'm pretty sure they share common roots , you have an acute sound in abuelo/a . 
  if for any reason they would change to something like abu and ab\u00f3 ( i dunno , hehe ) , maybe their plural would n't change either . 
  av\u00f4 = grandfather , av\u00f4s = grandfathers ; av\u00f3 = grandmother , av\u00f3s = grandmothers or grandparents , depends on context . 
  \u00f4 sounds like the o in old , \u00f3 like the one in other . 
  what is the word for grandparents ? 
  in portuguese , everything is the same as spanish ( plural uses masculine gender ) except for grandparents which uses feminine except it actually refers to both [ male ] grandfathers . 
  there 's a lot of countries around the world that have english as official language . 
  india , for instance . 
  i only miss madeira and western azores . 
  that is n't the most widespread , as it only really happens in lisbon . 
  if would have to say a country-wide legal scam going on , i 'd have to say water filters . 
  basically , they go to old people 's houses in the country side , explain to them that the water ( that they probably drank all their life ) is not safe to drink and back it up with a small lab they carry around and technical mumbo-jumbo the old people do n't understand . 
  then they make a few thousand euros by selling some bullshit machine to them . 
  why ca n't you ? 
  they do exist . 
  for example , http://quevedoportwine.com/signing-a-contract-when-getting-a-double-magnum3l-or-imperial6l-of-quinta-vale-dagodinho-2008-vintage-port/, 
  why would we ? 
  we are a mediterranean country in everything but the sea itself . 
  not really . 
  they 're too crafty for that . 
  they are n't selling anything in the open , they just approach you and ask . 
  there 's no evidence for a formal campaign . 
  it 's a gypsy clan that keeps doing that , they basically press some laurel and go around trying to scam tourists . 
  police ca n't do anything about that because they are n't selling drugs and they also are n't selling high quantities of anything . 
  that seems to be a bad location for married men too !, 
  you can if you 're friends with whoever 's buying . 
  wherehas in the south if you swear once you 're doing it wrong . 
  i guess we go against the current and actually teach colonisation . 
  then again we start it ( the global one ) , and that 's pretty much our only achievement as a country , so we got ta learn some thing ... 
  it 's a weird question because it has a simple answer . 
  to use ml is as valid as dl or cl , it 's just the magnitude that changes . 
  i guess i just do n't understand why it puzzles you . 
  also you make it sound like those units are not in the si , which they are . 
  edit : unless you 're actually talking about a decikilogram ( dkg ) and decicentiliter ( dcl ) which would indeed make no sense . 
  dollars are not accepted as currency here , except in maybe some niche stores , so why would i have any of it ? 
  no offense , but it 's quite ironic that you mention that when american `` authentic '' restaurants are anything but authentic . 
  1 french cent . 
  my southerner grandmother also said that . 
  curious . 
  should be called greater portugal tbh !, 
  nope , we 'd rather speak english , because we can , than feel the awkward embarassement of someone else speaking spanish as their second language . 
  also we 're not spain . 
  i think we rather like them . 
  there were all kinds of wheeled vehicles before the dar was invented . 
  you 'd probably understad portuguese as well . 
  it seems like an american survey . 
  indians are asians in the uk , and i 'm white , not latin .
