  so they needed a quick-and-dirty solution for their housing problem . 
  ten years later , when the economic upswing began and the once dirt-poor country began to prosper , many of the tinkered houses were demolished and new buildings were raised . 
  but to this day , countless unexploded bombs slumber in our soil , waiting for the day somebody wants to build a bigger house and needs to dig deeper for the foundation . 
  and every year or two one of them explodes when it is unearthed , or when the specialists try to disarm them . 
  but due to the evacuations , there are seldom losses of lifes . 
  the last one i am aware of were three bomb disposal experts who died 2010 . 
  in the central area of my city more than 95 % of all buildings were destroyed or damaged . 
  i would be eager to know how you would manage to get enough building material in a post war city like this to just tear down and start new like `` america does '' . 
  i was abducted in cappadocia . 
  that was before the raise of mobile phones . 
  i had managed to get lost in the streets of a small town . 
  some men , who sat together in a garden , in front of a tv ( a very important football game was about to begin ) saw that i came along their house for the third time . 
  they approached me and asked me something in turkish . 
  when they saw that i did n't understand them , one of them got his car and they told me to sit in the back seat . 
  they drove me out of town . 
  for around 15 minutes i saw only dust - then we came to a carpet store , where the nephew of one of my abductors worked - and he spoke german . 
  he helped me to get into contact with my host for the day , which was a bit of a problem , because i only remembered his first name ( i _ may _ have been a bit of a daydreaming dumbass back then ) . 
  after the carpet dealer had phoned the friend of the friend of a cousin , he managed to find my host , who had to leave his tv to pick me up . 
  the car that had brought me to the shop was long gone , they had left with double the allowed speed to get back to galatasaray vs. be\u015fikta\u015f . 
  so i insulted the carpet dealer by offering him money for his help . 
  dl ; dr : i knew before the visit that turks are a hospitable bunch . 
  but even so they exceeded my expectations . 
  edit : maybe i should explain why i wrote that i was abducted : as do germans , turks seem to believe that , if somebody does n't understand you , it helps to repeat yourself louder and more emphasized , which makes the language pretty harsh . 
  at the beginning i was sure they wanted to help me , but when we left the town and they still yelled at me , i ... tried to be still sure . 
  but nobody will get the political message if i raze the seat of the grafschaft hohenlohe-waldenburg-schillingsf\u00fcrst . 
  there is only one country between the eu and north korea , so ... 
  i also live in the past . 
  that 's why i pick up a torch on sundays and try to burn down castle neuschwanstein or some other seat of a noble leech . 
  some people are dicks . 
  europeans are people . 
  so some europeans are ... richards , actually . 
  do n't call me dick , i have a name and i do n't like it when people shorten it like americans love to do . 
  ... actually , my name is not richard , but the rest is valid . 
  it is a little thing , but it shows that there are cultural differences between usians and , in my case , germans . 
  and that is awesome , because the world would be a terribly dull place if we were all interchangeable . 
  but for us , these differences is what makes people us-americans , or italians , or germans . 
  ( besides the passport , of course . ), 
  so if you are from the usa and you say that you have european ancestors , that 's fine . 
  but if you say you _ are _ half german - half italian - 1/16th cherokee , we are a bit weary . 
  weary does n't mean harsh . 
  so why do some europeans become harsh about this ? 
  i do n't know for sure because i do n't think it is a big deal . 
  but i have three hypotheses : 1 . 
  some europeans do n't like the idea that you are part of a certain nationality because of your ancestry . 
  the idea of having `` german blood '' , which somehow makes you german ... let 's say been there , done that . 
  the 3rd reich enforced the concept of `` volksdeutsche '' , people who lived in non-german countries but were still deemed german enough to serve in the wehrmacht or even the ss . 
  ( but even then it was stated that to be counted as a fully-fledged german , you had to be a part of german culture - by speaking german , having german customs etc. ), 
  by saying you are german because your grandfather was german , and not because you still speak the language or sing german christmas songs , it might be claimed that you refer to this idea of blood trumps nationality ( and no , the christmas pickle does not count ) . 
  people who fit in this category are not offended if you claim to be german . 
  they just want to make sure that they do not like the idea of muh german blood , so their reaction might look a bit harsh . 
  however , if you claim to be italian because you have black hair and love italian food like stuffed crust pizza , every italian is legally obliged to drown you in boiling olive oil . 
  there are americans who just seem to be oblivious to the most basic facts about the national group they claim to be a part of . 
  this can be exhausting . 
  if you claim to be german because your grandparents emigrated from amsterdam ... well ... 
  i know the dutch have a line in their national anthem that says they are of german blood , but they do n't mean it . 
  my last , but best-documented hypothesis : some europeans are dicks . 
  sorry about that . 
  edit : words, 
  d\u00f6nersaft - well , at least it is better than wurstwasser . 
  some of the old humanist gymnasien still have latin as a first foreign language , then english two years later . 
  i do n't think that you do your kid a favour with this , but they exist . 
  so , if you smell some shit , maybe you do n't have to look that far . 
  we like to imagine the dutch going crazy about tulips instead of enslaving people when it comes to the 17th century . 
  somehow , the tulip mania made it into our school books , but the enslaving thing did n't . 
   and german media is foreign media in austria  i am aware of this , thank you . 
  i like to read the nzz , as they have a perspective outside of the circle jerk of the german media . 
  it 's just that i have visited several european countries , and i never felt more alien than in front of the most pompous , pretentious pricks i 've ever met - the smug austrian waiters . 
  soo ... you watch game of thrones in english because there is n't an austrian translation ? 
  we had them , but we were lucky . 
  our right-wingers were either dumb enough to be too far out ( e.g. 
  fap , the freiheitliche deutsche arbeiterpartei - yes , we had tv spots with a red flag , white circle , in the circle the word fap in black , gothic type letters ) , too stoned ( ronald schill , the founder of the law-and-order party schill partei , enjoyed his coke a bit too much ) , or too full of themselves to team up ( franz sch\u00f6nhuber and gerhard frey , the faces of `` die republikaner '' and the `` deutsche volksunion '' vice versa , could n't agree on anything , so they split up the right votes in the late 80s ) . 
  sadly , our luck runs out atm . 
  `` i vote fdp , but i think for you people we should reopen the kzs ! '', 
  yelled at me by a bland , middle-aged man at a demonstration in 1988 . 
  but you are right . 
  there are some brown attitudes that are suddenly ok to show . 
  things are said openly that in the last century i had only heard from my great-uncle , the ortsgruppenleiter . 
  it is creepy . 
  edit : also , i am at a loss at the moment when i try to figure out how to fight this . 
  in the 80 we had booths at the town marketplace , where we protested against the nationalzeitung when they denied the holocaust - again . 
  nowadays this seems kind of futile . 
  i imagine standing in front of our house , with a sign that protests against the facebook post of aunt gerda . 
  there are some dutch here who might want to swap apartments . 
  you wish . 
  burning foreigners was one of the first established traditions of unified germany . 
  hoyerswerda , rostock , m\u00f6lln , solingen - klingelt da was ? 
  i 'm sure the quran does n't say anything about gay porn . 
  maybe the hadiths ... 
  `` unmasked islamist was porn actor '' a suspected islamist who had managed to get a job at the federal office for the protection of the constitution made some money on the side with naughty movies . 
  and nikola . 
  and anna . 
  they told me that creepy is the polish word for `` nice guy '' , so it 's all good . 
  you are not your country . 
  you are not the history of your country . 
  you have the right to `` whine '' about anything you want . 
  dot let people bring you down with the `` your country - your fault '' routine . 
  huh . 
  most polish women i met were beautiful , warm-hearted and intelligent , but unfortunately not needy at all . 
  soo ... hermione has a danish accent ? 
  nope !,
