  carry on . 
  i will keep that in mind when i attend an umzug at any place - which will happen when somebody makes me drunk and gets me in a regionalexpress while i ca n't fight back . 
  ( no offense , but i was born in westphalia with lower saxon / east prussian grandparents . 
  karneval is creepy for me . ), 
  i just wanted to support the point that it is _ not _ a left versus right thing . 
  i do n't think that the second trump float is funny at all , even if you know the spiegel cover . 
  edit : word . 
  dammit . 
  have you seen all of the floats ? 
  there have been more than 60 in d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  [ this is a float from 2001 with chancellor schr\u00f6der . 
  ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=schr\u00f6der+karnevalswagen&amp;oq=schr\u00f6der+karnevalswagen&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57.7737j0j4&amp;client=ms-android-samsung&amp;sourceid=chrome-mobile&amp;ie=utf-8#imgrc=t1kvi2rrffj3am: ) they make fun of everybody , or at least they try . 
  karneval ~ ~ trains ~ ~ floats are meant to bring home their jokes like a sledgehammer fired from a mortar on a three feet distance . 
  edit . 
  word, 
  well , they are not the real politicians ... 
  the bigger festivals , like cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf , try to make fun of everybody , which is fine . 
  but i do n't want to lord over anything . 
  you have to think for yourselves !, 
  you are all individuals !, 
  neither were the first and second , one an obscure mess , the other run into the ground by cannon boat willy and his redneck nobles . 
  now we just try to relax , but everybody expects us to sneakily be the eu overlords and to lead the free world together with canada . 
  do you know how much work that is ? 
  we do n't use that verse anymore , somehow it is not politically correct . 
  naa . 
  been there , done that . 
  ice-cold , with a shot of democratic resilience , please . 
  no thanks , but some turkey and a pair of blue swede shoes , please . 
  every great movement had its marginal setbacks . 
  puppets of the noble leeches and the mainstream church , both of you . 
  thomas m\u00fcntzer is the man who will lead us into a bright future . 
  here we have two towns with similar names 150 km apart from each other . 
  sometimes drivers got the wrong one in their satnav and are pissed . 
  i just imagined a truck driver on the pacific shore who just found out that the letters d.c. matter . 
  the last minutes of babylon 5 were a moment for men 's tears . 
  but i was even more moved by somebody 's not-death : a jewish-russian commander who was part-time comical relief , part-time tragic heroine , who was denied a hero 's death and had to live with the knowledge that somebody sacrificed his life for her - which was unacceptable for her , although she , as the embodiment of personal loyalty and honor , would have gladly done the same for anybody she cared about . 
  there will always be a special place in my heart for ivanova . 
  peace . 
  was our last , best hope for peace , dammit . 
  great that somebody remembered it anyhow . 
  it was the dawn of the third age of mankind . 
  and eurocrat schulz was the last , best hope for ~ ~ mankind ~ ~ peace . 
  if you insist ... champollion sucked at linguistics and was just lucky . 
  if i were in mexico right now , a wall between me and donald would make me feel safer . 
  i 'm okay with it as long as there wo n't be narco-corridos at the eurovision song contest . 
  most of the contestants already have a coke nose . 
  they do n't need to be encouraged . 
  no you have n't . 
  [ on the berlin - moscow route , the coaches get regauged in brest . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/od_4bpt4jfk ), 
  [ '' ` bild ' said german ex-politician could join a celebrity tv show . 
  ex-politician says she never said that she wanted to join . 
  i am a bit proud that most germans did not obey bild 's order . 
  reinoldi is not even the oldest church in dortmund . 
  this is shoddy even for fake news . 
  it works nevertheless . 
  do n't forget that the mainstream media try to cover up merkel 's mistakes and do n't report the full truth . 
  we had this game with more than one local news fake story . 
  please excuse me while i use my in-door to flatten my forehead . 
  homegrown in finland ? 
  do you get enough sunlight ? 
  i always thought cannabis needs roughly as much light as vine . 
  they have tombolas on saturdays . 
  you can win a helicopter ride . 
  finland 's police does n't seem to attract the best and brightest ... 
  yes . 
  is it ? 
  i never had one . 
  do n't you look down on us tree climbers , ya fancy , skirt wearing chin shaver !, 
  mead is not made from grass , ya know ? 
  we do n't need your posh technology thingies . 
  do you know that writing words down instead of memmerizing them causes authorism ? 
  also , in a double blind study it was shown that 10 scribes do n't stand a chance against 10 illiterate berserkers , if they have to leave a sinking ship with just one lifeboat for 10 people . 
  although i still say it was a bit of an overkill to first gauge their eyes out and then let them wear blindfolds . 
  but we wanted to conduct this experiment by your sciency standarts . 
  i think the voc did a bit more than drug trafficking though . 
  ` the new vw janissary - it will strangle your gas expenses ! ', 
  they already got at 40.000 feet in 1972 ? 
  that 's crazy . 
  that 's completely new to me , thanks . 
  ... and had their engine croak at 40k , so that they had to land without a running engine . 
  in a helicopter . 
  from 40.000 feet . 
  humans are amazing . 
  til two things that i deemed impossible . 
  i bought them when i worked in a walk-in clinic . 
  was never disappointed . 
  but i seem to have missed that it has become a trend . 
  i used to buy their shoes , kasaks and pants for work , great shoes , but i did n't get the memo that i am now allowed to wear them when i succumb to wanderlust . 
  that 's why he never accompanies her on state visits !, 
  he has too much on his hands plotting our demise . 
  dammit , i did n't see it . 
  and he even became professor to mock his nemesis . 
  [ are you sure ? 
  if yes , i would give a hand . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w4kagmytwkw ), 
  can we cram in an allusion to cockroaches or rats ? 
  then it would make joseph proud . 
  sure about that ? 
  i think she wants to bang you , but she is quite high maintenance .
