  but there are firms which show that it can work . 
  yep . 
  that 's why you have employers ' heros like helmut naujoks . 
  yildiz is history , but naujoks keeps on earning money . 
  tl ; dr : naujoks is a lawyer who specialises in removing workers council members , pregnant women or people with chronic diseases from their jobs . 
  all these groups are protected in germany , so you have to be creative . 
  he works with private investigators , frivolous lawsuits that aim to wear down people and nastier tricks . 
  of course it is , at least here in germany . 
  that 's why there are law firms in d\u00fcsseldorf that specialize in coaching employers in how to fire union members without firing them because they are union members . 
  they teach how to change a job description to make the workplace shittier without being sued for harassing , how to argue that somebody is mentally unfit for his job or how to influence their coworkers so that they do the harassing . 
  fortunately , many employers here still think that this is a terrible idea for both sides in the long run , but times are changing . 
  he can just fire them , if you do n't have some kind of protection against it . 
  and even then some employers go out of their way to make it difficult . 
  i think it should be mandatory for an employer to accept employees becoming union members , though . 
  which country ? 
  while i 'd always encourage to join a union , i think it would not be a good idea to make it mandatory . 
  a union should be compelled to do a competent job . 
  if membership is mandatory , this is not the case . 
  as a german , you sometimes have to deal with `` i hate germans , because all germans are racists . 
  why are they racists - well , because they are germans . '', 
  so i kind of can relate to you . 
  if it is an international company , it is - well , not so clever , i 'd say . 
  i 'd say it depends on the view of spanish natives . 
  if it evokes the connection to the genocide , then it is pretty dumb . 
  if it were a german slogan , i 'd say some germans would find it offensive , many would find it thoughtless . 
  it is a different case if there is assumed malignance . 
  [ this was an election poster of a nationalist party ] ( http://blog.zeit.de/stoerungsmelder/files/2011/08/screenshot_npd.jpg ) . 
  they knew what they did . 
  ( `` gas geben '' = to give somebody gas , to accelerate ), 
  ( hitler was a poor pig , he did n't have a driver 's license , with driver 's license = f\u00fchrerschein ; it jokes on the word f\u00fchrer without being poltitical ) i tried to think of something english that resembles these german puns . 
  but i hope i am not the first person in the internets to think of this . 
  edit : well , fuck me . 
  bad pun , terribly executed . 
  for most people ( that i know of ) , in an informal setting like the evening out with friends , it is considered ok to joke about hitler or his goons , as long as it is done in a pejorative way . 
  you insult those people , which is fine . 
  a joke about auschwitz or other concentration camps is considered making fun of the suffering of the inmates , not making fun of the culprits . 
  this makes it a 2 : usually you would hear anything like this from a sympathizer of the ns time or at least a quite far right person who tries to test the water : will people laugh about something like this ? 
  if yes , he has found like-minded people . 
  if not : `` it was just a joke , duh . 
  do n't be so politically correct . '', 
  level one i 'd say . 
  silly play on words . 
  you may say that there are three settings of telling bad nazi jokes , which would lead to different outcomes . 
  the first one would be just a silly joke without any political undercurrent . 
  let 's say something like ` pb is lead , but hitler was leader ' . 
  if a normal person told this , it would n't be a problem at all , unless you cross some very uptight person . 
  if merkel told this in a political setting , like a debate , i think people would ask who invited this impostor , because merkel is not known for telling jokes , even bad ones . 
  other than this , it would just be considered bad taste . 
  then you have the ambigous jokes , usually told by far right-wing people who want to test the waters . 
  years ago a ~ ~ bimbo ~ ~ dumb quiz channel host told a caller that he should be a bit more enthusiastic . 
  then she asked `` whats the matter with you ? '', 
  he answered `` i have to go to work soon . '', 
  she : `` come on , be more enthusiastic . 
  work sets you free ( arbeit macht frei ) '' then she laughed hysterically . 
  a few minutes later [ she was not so happy anymore . ], 
  ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lbu2ztdeaps ) there are some words and phrases that are just not used anymore because they are poisoned , due to their usage in the ns time . 
  ` arbeit macht frei ' is the phrase equivalent to a sidney funnel-web spider . 
  you can argue that it should n't be possible that one spider is able to kill a human , but you better not touch it . 
  if merkel made a joke like this , it would probably be a career ending move . 
  it may seem drastic , but using this phrase means you are a nazi sympathiser , a comedian with very dark humor , or an ex tv host . 
  and last and very least , the are the openly racist jokes . 
  ` the schulz has a big nose . 
  you know what they say about big noses - they are made to smell bitter almond ' . 
  this would be an instakill . 
  edit : and , like the other ones , will never happen . 
  spanish : el ping\u00fcino , \u00fc stresses that the u is not mute . 
  as above mentioned , it is used differently from turkish and german . 
  sch\u00e4uble as the master of the ancient german art of applied hyperbole humor ... it all makes sense now !, 
  most households here have a bathroom with a toilet close to the sleeping rooms and an additional toilet close to the entrance . 
  similar to your concept , but with a second loo . 
  two toilets , double fun . 
  if it was his apartment , as you wrote , this is impossible . 
  your landlord is not allowed to show up in your rooms without your permission if he did not make an appointment with you . 
  the tenant 's rights in germany are extensive . 
  either the man was paying his share of rent to the actual tenant , his room mate , who then kicked him out , or the story is bull . 
  a friend of mine has several flats . 
  it is all but impossible for him to evict anybody as long as they pay . 
  i have a bathroom with a shower and a toilet . 
  if you do n't close the lid while flushing , the invisible spray radius is more than 2.50 meters . 
  that 's enough for most bathrooms to contaminate your toothbrush . 
  the amount of spray water in the outer ` fallout zone ' is negligible for most germs , but there are certain viruses , like noro , who need a surprisingly tiny amount of viruses or bacteria . 
   what makes the difference when it comes to cleaning the floor . 
  i want to be able to use my bathroom barefooted without feeling icky . 
  and when i am overburdened with work , the bathroom floor can wait a few days without being a biohazard . 
   some droplets of the toilet water ( ... ) will get out 2 . 
  that 's why you close the lid before flushing . 
  otherwise you have the spray water on your towels , your toothbrush and everything else . 
  this is not a problem as long as you and everybody else who uses the toilet is healthy , but if you have somebody with noro anything similar , it is a good idea to not having committed yourself to hygiene standards of the 19th century . 
  but my bathroom floor wo n't be sprinkled with pee . 
  you may think that you do n't spray , but as long as you do n't have an extraordinary penis , you are wrong . 
  that 's a lot of words for saying `` why would you invest 10 seconds per pee for a clean bathroom floor '' . 
  i think i wanted to answer a different post . 
  you are right of course . 
  why would you stand when you can sit ? 
  somebody has to clean the floor , so either i have a urinal or i sit . 
  if there is a way to urinate into a wc without a spray pattern , most men have not learned it . 
  i have lived together with people from various nationalities - it seems that nobody knew the secret . 
  it maybe weird , but i do n't think the ` shelf ' is for inspection . 
  the feces do n't fall into a puddle -  no dirtwater spraying your buttocks . 
  bidets : i prefer wet wipes - again , no water spraying .
