  i do n't quite remember why - it was something we had talked about in history classes . 
  but since everybody else has forgotten about it , it does n't seem to be important . 
  but that was n't intended to be ... oh . 
  < steroids  i , personally , prefer to go unarmed between two fighting turkish / libanese gangs to pick up the losers , like the paramedic i used to be . 
  or dangle my ass in front of cars that go by at 140 mph on the left lane of the autobahn , while i try to ram a tube into a throat that belongs to a fucking idiot who failed at driving his porsche . 
  what do _ you _ want to tell me about courage ? 
  been there , done that . 
  administrating an evil empire is a lot of work , and we are not as hardworking as people think anymore . 
  it was a pro-europe post in a ` europe ' sub with information that was new to me . 
  and it warned not to prefer one side of the political spectrum just because it is your side . 
  you are wrong . 
  which were from today 's denmark ? 
  that is a problem that has nothing to do with germany . 
  again : do you think that it is fair that you do n't pay to use german roads , but germans pay to use austrian roads ? 
  so , as you pay higher taxes in austria , you should be entitled to use german roads without paying for it ? 
  you do n't get it . 
  at the moment , people living in germany pay for using german roads with their tax . 
  austrians pay for using austrian roads with their road charge . 
  germans pay for using austrian roads with road charge . 
  austrians pay for using german roads - nothing . 
  and germany wants to change that . 
  a road has to be financed . 
  how do you think that german roads are paid for at the moment - fairies ? 
  my , that 's so fucked up ... austria would never introduce road charges for foreigners ... wait , they have . 
  what a hypocrisy . 
  people living in germany pay for the roads with their tax , not with a maut . 
  but they pay . 
  so there wo n't be any substantial difference to austria after the introduction of the german maut . 
  shut up , damn you . 
  some of us make a living out of this . 
  a third ? 
  i thought it was less . 
  but you are right , `` carried on '' was not a good expression . 
  `` changed it from sar to border patrol '' would be correct . 
  the migrant crisis started long before summer 2015 . 
  people came although they were not given a welcome party . 
  lampedusa and other islands were full of refugees before merkel 's change of mind . 
  the eu works with the governments of north africa - if there is any government left after the failed arabic spring - to deter people from crossing the mediterranean sea . 
  spain works with morocco to take care of the problem around ceuta and melilla . 
  morocco puts the people who try to enter those spanish exclaves in buses and gives them a ride south - into the desert , from where they can walk home to subsaharan africa . 
  the idea that the eu is welcoming migrants is wrong . 
  it was ordinary to let people drown , because that meant fewer refugees . 
  that was why the merkel cabinet lobbied against the italian operation ` mare nostrum ' . 
  italy tried to rescue as many people as possible . 
  the german interior minister and politicians from other countries criticised that . 
  so ` mare nostrum ' was carried on by the eu border patrol agency frontex as ` operation triton ' , but instead of patrolling the sea the ships and planes only monitored the areas close to the shores . 
  more dead people , fewer refugees . 
  everybody was happy until the pesky newspapers showed the picture of a drowned child . 
  i disagree . 
  how do you come up with noticeable satire when you ca n't distinguish between a wh press release and an onion article ? 
  but i guess you did it because you were nosy , not because obama . 
  why ? 
  if you had read up about merkel 's politics before summer 2015 you would know how wrong you are . 
   lt would n't surprise me if you said this was promoted within groups like the ss , if you were an ss-member and wanted to be promoted , you had to leave your church , so i guess it was not an issue in the ss . 
   but on a normal sunday in 1942 in some lutheran church in a small town in a rural part of germany , did the pastor have to promote this line of thinking ? 
  it depended on his allegiance . 
  the deutsche christen were a far-right protestant church party which was founded in 1932 and managed to assume power in several landeskirchen ( regional church bodies ) as early as 1933 . 
  in the same year they started to fight in internal struggles about the exclusion of jewish born members . 
  the result were several movements with a varying grade of idiocy . 
  so if your pastor was a member of one of the more extreme strands of nationalist christians , he would promote this nonsense from his pulpit and in his confirmation classes . 
  note that extreme does not mean rare - they were backed by the regime , after all . 
  on the other side you had the bekennende kirche , an association of priests who were appaled by the perversion of the christian doctrine . 
  they did not fall for the new ` theories ' , which would kill many of them during the 12 years until ' 45 . 
  they could not be prosecuted just for teaching that jews were people , too , so the gestapo tried to get them for any other ` crime ' , like being critical about the regime or party . 
  sometimes they got them , but sometimes the pastors were lucky enough to have support in their community . 
  in the town where i was raised , the pastor during the ns-era was a member of the bekennende kirche . 
  the patron of the church was a supporter of the deutsche christen . 
  unfortunately for the patron , he could not fire the pastor . 
  he was the main financial supporter , but the pastor was hired or fired by the presbyters , the elected local church leadership . 
  they liked the pastor and refused to sack him . 
  so the patron fabricated a case of adultery between the pastor and his housekeeper . 
  the gestapo investigated ( adultery was a crime , i think it was gestapo and not normal police because he was a priest ) until the presbyters told the patron that they would rather take a pass on his money than on the pastor . 
  as several of the presbyters were members of the nsdap , who just liked the pastor , the accusation was dropped and he stayed free . 
  others were not so lucky . 
  not joseph , of course . 
  he was a jew . 
  but he was n't the father . 
   jesus himself was a jew . 
  the official doctrine of the ` deutsche christen ' , the ns-christians : galilee had been settled by aryans before the jews came . 
  so mary was an aryan . 
  jesus ' father was a mercenary from germany . 
  jesus was an aryan . 
  they took the new testament , a book about a jew coming as the christus to the jews , accompanied by his jewish buddies , and managed to make the jews the perpetrators . 
  i wished that daily mental exercise would have the same reputation as physical workout . 
  the frightening thing is that i could follow you . 
  i was ready to defend wheat - because i think that it is demonized atm - but then i read the comments above again . 
  they do n't exercise because they eat bread ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  yes ? 
  as in a place where grapes are grown ? 
  edit : especially cappadocia has a 7,000-year tradition of winemaking . 
  so , where is the problem ? 
  and there are raisins and grapes as fruit , of course ... 
  yeah ... somehow this anatolian farmers are too lazy to hit the gym after 10 hours in the vinyard . 
  no worries . 
  most germans are quite forgiving towards language mistakes as long as you do n't greet them with a hearty `` heil !, 
  we are happy people if somebody shows interest in the language . 
  damn . 
  ` not ' is not a word that you should omit . 
  popcorn is ready .
