i did n't downvote , because i think that this should n't be an answer to an expressed opinion . 
  however , many people in europe born before 1990 have experienced soviet style government . 
  to compare the eu , with all it 's faults , to a communist dictatorship is just hysteria at it 's best . 
  you need help . 
  maybe you can set up a self help group ? 
  or give seminars for managers who are sent to germany - `` just say what you think 101 '' ? 
  i am from dortmund , a former mining city . 
  no kissing here with the exeption of young people with turkish roots . 
  it is different in munich , their posh people do kiss . 
  that is one of the reasons that we do n't . 
  we do n't dislike our turkish neighbours , but we do n't like posh people . 
  that seems to be a very reasonable compromise . 
  i applaud you . 
  we see it on tv , but when it happens to us , we are like `` shit - they really do that ?? '', 
  as a german visiting south america for the first time , the greeting-kisses are somewhat offsetting . 
  last week i was at a party and asked if any of the people had had problems with this kind of greeting when they had been abroad . 
  a chilean girl then told about her first trip to finland . 
  when she arrived , she started cheek kissing the people waiting for her . 
  after kissing the third person she recognized some awkwardness and asked : `` how often do you kiss for a greeting ? '', 
  then she saw the sheer horror on the faces of the nordics . 
  i love russia and the russian people . 
  it 's just that your politics suck even more than ours atm . 
  and it is a bit unnerving to see students training like an american militia group . 
  they were invited !, 
  i am no war expert , what i read about the french hq and their decisions was mostly condemning . 
  but for the sake of the argument let 's say that , seen with the armchair 's historian 's hindsight 20/20 , their decisions were wrong . 
  that does n't invalidate my argument . 
  imagine an american who lost a family member in irak . 
  imagine his friends ' friendly banter about the soldier 's cowardice : `` do you really think jesus could walk on water ? '', 
  `` rob 's uncle could . 
  he ran from bagdad to denver after he heard the first ied going off . '', 
  `` damn . 
  i forgot my purse at lauren 's place . 
  do n't want to go ask for it after our fight . '', 
  `` man , you are just like your uncle . 
  i mean , he forgot his fucking legs in fallujah and was too afraid to go looking for them . '', 
  imagine how your average veteran himself would feel about this friendly banter . 
  i understand that most americans do n't hate the french , why should they , but imagine sitting in a football stadium in alabama and tell the lines above to the locals . 
  if you can tell me that they would find it funny ... then nevermind , i did n't say anything . 
  edit : spelling, 
  germany lost a great number of its tanks and planes in the french theater . 
  there were countless acts of individual bravery of french soldiers . 
  i will never understand why the polish army gets credit for fighting valiantly ( and rightfully so ) , while the french troups are spat upon . 
  they had terrible leadership , their strategy was really , really bad , but many ordinary soldiers fought and died , just to be the butt of our jokes . 
  ww2 was not the cause . 
  i ca n't remember this amount of ridicule before 2003 , when france and germany decided not to take part in the irak war . 
  oh , we know . 
  seldom your countrymen let an opportunity pass to be a jerk about it . 
  i tried to understand why , but nowadays i do n't care anymore . 
  i can be offended by something and at the same time not condoning banning it . 
  i can be offended by a work of a satirist who i believe is allowed to offend me . 
  i can stand against a ban of the hijab in schools , although i find the idea of religious leaders coercing women into wearing it distasteful . 
  so yes , muslims had the right to be offended by the caricatures . 
  but most muslims did n't kill the artists because of that . 
  people express that they found a joke tasteless . 
  without killing anybody . 
  what is the bigotry in this ? 
  `` louis , people are a bit pissed , because we made fun of the earthquake victims . '', 
  `` no nono , we did n't make fun , it was a sophisticated criticism of ... well ... help me out here , it 's italy so , ... '' `` pope ? '', 
  `` of course !, 
  how could n't they get it ? '', 
  it sounds so , but the rest of the male patrons just gave us three a smile when they entered the restroom . 
  it was a pub in a small town , maybe everybody knew chatty charlene and her new husband . 
  it is a bit surprising , because the majority of the spectators at the game 2014 showed great sportsmanship . 
  they were devastated , but honorable in defeat , you could say . 
  when i visited ireland , i found irish people quite charming when they were drunk . 
  sometimes obnoxious , but mostly charming and relaxed . 
  you could find yourself in a conversation in the men 's toilet for half an hour when suddenly a lady entered the room who was looking for her newly-wed husband , found him talking to you , and just joined the discussion in front of the stalls . 
  lovely people . 
  midday sun and ganja ... `` guys , you know what ... what if we just go to san ... san whatshisname and just ... like ... take the statue and do our own procession ? '', 
  `` dude , i am still in my boy scout uniform . 
  that would be ... you know ... '' `` i do n't give a fuck . 
  let 's do it . '', 
  so ... is he a really yummy fajita ? 
  man , best of luck . 
  we have our own problems with rising sympathy for authoritarianism in many eu countries , but nowhere as bad as what is happening atm in turkey . 
  i visited ankara and anatolia in the 90s . 
  great places , great people . 
  people who would see a stranger who got lost in the small roads of a village and who did n't understand a word of turkish . 
  they would shove him into a car and drive him out of town to a carpet store , because there was the only person they knew who spoke a foreign language . 
  and then left without waiting for a `` thanks , guys '' . 
  maybe your government is a shithole . 
  your country is n't . 
  do n't give it up . 
  yeah , but to be fair , they won the second joke war with some help from general `` a horse walks into a bar '' patton . 
  yeah , we got it , too , but as germans are quite cheap , we got only enough for the east . 
  after kids marching in brown shirts , we got kids marching in blue shirts . 
  at least they looked less shitty in blue . 
  we do n't march to war songs any more . 
  ve are peaceful now . 
  all those old feuds about who is the greatest ... no more !, 
  in fact , we will soon be the most peaceful nation in ze world !, 
  we are dedicated to work hard , until we are the most peaceful , humblest , and pacified country on earth !!!, 
  march to the tune of the harp , minions , and let loose the passive-aggressive german frown !, 
  off to take my meds . 
  peace out . 
  there were times when the german secret police were masters of knock-knock jokes . 
  do n't know exactly , but somehow it was connected to my grandpa travelling to poland without a free movement treaty . 
  people were angry and shot at him . 
  i have a bad feeling about that .
