  nope . 
  ca n't help him with his fiets either . 
  tell him to ask the snobs in m\u00fcnster . 
  according to breitbart i live in a no-go city . 
  our crime rate is pretty high compared to richer german cities when you look at petty crimes ( although lower than in an average us city ) ; if you look at killings and sex crime , our numbers are lower than those of wyoming , which has about the same number of people . 
  so , if you are traumatized from your experience in the yellowstone park gangland , you can come to our sharia law cesspit for r&r . 
  only if you are one of the 500 . 
  haha , now you are being ridiculous . 
  a narcissistic pop culture star who always talks about ... how ... great ... he ... o god . 
  if you do n't understand that there is a difference between ` the americans ' and the american government , you are part of the problem . 
  on which american should i be tough ? 
  the l.a. teacher who voted for sanders ? 
  you are not your country . 
  you are neither as big and strong and superior as your country , nor are you a blathering idiot , just because your head of state is one . 
  ... berlin-warshaw-cracow switzerland somewhere in-between , if he likes mountains and has some money left . 
  that 's an abomination . 
  and it is n't used or does n't even exist in most fonts . 
  do n't you dare eating d\u00f6ner . 
  that 's almanc\u0131 heritage . 
  in the 90s i would have said wilhem tell , but in the age of talent shows , definitely nessun dorma . 
  it does n't make me a helicopter if i call myself a helicopter . 
  the german democratic republic was not democratic . 
  the holy roman empire was not holy . 
  the national socialist party was n't socialist . 
  they mean it should n't be replaced by sz if you write in all-caps . 
  ` gro\u00df ' -  ` gross ' , not ~ ~ ` grosz ' ~ ~, 
  before 2015 merkel , like other non-south european leaders , did hardly enough to support italy and greece with their refugee problem . 
  the italians were even told to reduce their sar-operation in the mediterranean sea to discourage people from coming to europe . 
  to say she opened the floodgates is nonsensical . 
  yet in 2015 she did not close the german borders , that 's true . 
  the alternative would have been to shut down transit from countries like austria and hungary , which would have produced multiple situations like the calais jungle . 
  i am surprised that you as an austrian think that this would have been the better idea . 
  maybe next time . 
  edit : typo , word, 
  that 's a pity , really . 
  my after-lunch tiredness is worse than it is for other people , so i would love a job where i could take a siesta . 
  it just feels natural . 
  lol ? 
  she could have walked to dublin in a week . 
  well , they are working on it . 
  30 years ago , around 1986 to 1989 , there was a heated struggle between historians and philosophers in germany , called the historikerstreit ( historians ' quarrel ) . 
  it was an intellectual dispute between right-wing - and left-wing academics , on both sides some of the most well-esteemed scholars of their field . 
  it began when a speech of ernst nolte ( right corner ) was published in the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung , in which he argued that the holocaust was not a unique atrocity , but comparable to stalin 's crimes , and if you looked at the international situation at this time , the german race killings were a reaction to stalin 's class killings , the nazism a reaction to the threat of bolshevism . 
  so stalin 's crimes , so nolte , were worse than the atrocities of the 3rd reich . 
  tl ; dr : mistakes were made , let 's move on . 
  left-wing historians answered sharply , but not because they defended stalin . 
  they agreed that stalin had reigned with terror and murder , but they argued that the extermination machine of the 3rd reich was unique in its sinisterness , because the killing of jews and other groups was the intent of the political and military actions , and not a mere byproduct . 
  this quarrel lasted for several years , with with articles in the leading newspapers and magazines , published books and tv discussions . 
  and while the core of the quarrel were the nazi crimes , stalin was always hanging around : for the conservatives he was the benchmark for wholesale murder , and for the progressives he was either on the same level with hitler or one step below him - but everybody agreed that he was in the top 5 of evil imperators . 
  this was 30 years ago , but the core viewpoints are still around , albeit a bit dulled . 
  iirc , the quarrel ended more or less when the german unification overshadowed the dispute and the historians suddenly recognised that history was made before their eyes . 
  but if anybody wants to understand the struggle of germans with their past , and their different viewpoints on nazi and soviet atrocities , i recommend reading about this quarrel . 
  i think i have an idea why this war lasted so long without casualties . 
  it is in the top ten of historical hapless hagglers , together with caesar , who berated the pirates who had captured him that the ransom they demanded was insultingly low . 
  somehow this conflict is pretty great pr for both countries . 
  keep it civil . 
  he should add some brawndo . 
  so a german manufacturer read that the usians have christmas pickles that they consider german - and jumps on the train . 
  how wonderful pratchettesque . 
  it is difficult to say `` only in my country '' . 
  but this feels quite german : while i worked in a drug help center , there was one police officer who was the most hated cop among our clients . 
  while other officers used to be lenient if they found small amounts of drugs , he did everything by the book . 
  you had a dust grain from afghanistan in your pocket , he 'd book you . 
  he would control every bush in the park and every public toilet , while his colleagues tried to go easy on junkies as long as they did n't interfere with public health or safety . 
  the same man was a member of the city council for our small liberal party . 
  he was one of the most adamant supporters of our help center and every other support institution . 
  he would push the drug legalisation agenda and rallied for the legalisation of controlled distribution of heroin for long-time users . 
  when asked about this , he explained , that as an officer of the state he would fulfill his duty as scrupulously as possible . 
  and his duties were given by the law , if he liked it or not . 
  but when he did n't wear his uniform , he would fulfill his duty as a citizen and a human being . 
   in most traditional households the christ child comes instead ) . 
  the christkind was invented by luther or during luther 's lifetime as a surrogate for st. nikolaus . 
  beginning at the same time , the gift-giving day changed in many parts of the german speaking countries from st. nikolaus 's day to christmas eve in the next centuries . 
  nikolaus became the weihnachtsmann and he and the christkind shared their duty - weirdly the lutheran christkind became popular in west and catholic southern germany , while the weihnachtsmann held his ground in the protestant north . 
  so , no . 
  coca-cola has nothing to do with it . 
  general science . 
  schools in my part of germany can decide for themselves if they want to teach general science or physics/chemistry/biology as separate courses up to a certain grade . 
  some schools start in 5th form with separate courses , some have general science up to the 9th grade . 
  in these schools you can have a ch/p-teacher who has no clue about biology trying to teach you the food network of a pond while he is barely able to distinguish between a carp and a dragon fly . 
  in which part of germany have you seen a school that has smoke breaks ? 
  smoking is prohibited on school compounds for students and teachers , so smoking students and teachers have to leave the premises without seeing each other - which leads to some weird situations . 
  so which school does have smoke breaks ? 
  ruhr valley here , you may know us as one of the weird wonders of civilization vi . 
  we have the extraschicht - long night of industrial culture . 
  it takes place in 20 towns and cities in the ruhr valley simultaneously . 
  around 50 places , many of them usually restricted , open up for street art , musicians , impro theater and others . 
  you will be able to see acts , some weird , some old-fashioned , some really cool , in old street cars , factory halls , newly built sewage tunnels and ancient winding towers . 
  around 190 shuttle buses will give you a ride from one place to another . 
   i think it 's more the general rudeness and impoliteness of many people in the netherlands . 
  i do n't think that this is something that a german could complain about . 
   they do n't speak dutch ( though they sometimes pretend they do ) , well , if you try to learn it , it is difficult to find somebody to talk to . 
  nl type 1 will switch to german or english as soon as they recognize that you struggle to find the right word , type 2 will pretend not to understand you regardless of your efforts . 
  type 2 seems to be the majority , which is a bit sad , because most of us like you . 
  which seems to be pretty much one-sided , too . 
  ah , now i understand your post better . 
  the words `` you had to build '' are important : the cities were destroyed , there was no money and no material to just start new . 
  there was n't even enough coal or wood to produce cement . 
  so people had to work with what they had got : the bricks of the destroyed buildings were cleaned and reused . 
  more than half of the people in the bigger cities were homeless ( `` bombed out '' ) , and there were additional ten million refugees , people who had been driven away from their towns , farms and cities in the eastern part of the country , the part that today belongs to poland and russia .
