  different wehrmacht diaries show that they really liked belgium while they invaded it . 
  no need to cancel a friendship over a small strategic necessity . 
  that ... that was darker than the kitum cave . 
   138 algerien suspcts accused of rape ? 
  according to u/blindpeese , it 's 148 , so it seems you are on to something . 
  gee , no shit sherlock . 
  we have had to deal with those cunts for quite a while . 
  it 's some time since i was told to volunteer , but iirc , banned symbols void the vote . 
  so a penis instead of a cross is ok , a swastika is not . 
  but maybe it depends on the type of election : [ this article ] ( http://www.mdr.de/thueringen/wahlen-politik/wahlen/kommunalwahlen-2014/kommunalwahl_thueringen_stimmzettel100.html ) says that in th\u00fcringen a smiley voids the vote even if it is in a box . 
  we would have counted it as legit . 
  unprecedented . 
  not uncontracepted . 
  this is really spot on . 
  that 's the only good thing about tweets . 
  there is no context . 
  the author is responsible for bringing clarity without having this excuse . 
  once one of my professors was run over by a car on his way from his parking space to the university building at around 8 o'clock . 
  an ambulance car brought him to a hospital . 
  at around 11:20 he came into the lecture hall where we were waiting for him since 11:15 , as we had not heard about the accident . 
  his arm in a plaster , he apologized for his 5-minute delay . 
  i always thought that behavior was normal until i tried to attend a lecture in a different faculty . 
  usually i would ask for a source other than peta or udo pollmer for a claim about nutrition . 
  but when a certain level of absurdity is achieved , i do n't care anymore . 
  today ` herr ' is the form of address for men , like ` mister ' . 
  when churchill used ` herr hitler ' , he denied him any title , like f\u00fchrer or chancellor . 
  in the past ` herr ' or ` mein herr ' was used to address superiors , as you would do it in english by using lord : the medieval squire used it for his knight , the peasant for his landlord etc. 
  it is also often god 's title in the bible , e.g. 
  in the opening phrase of the 10 commandments : `` ich bin der herr dein gott , ... '' ( i am the lord thy god ... ), 
  ` herr ' would be german for lord , which derives from a different old high german word than heer . 
  heer derives from old german ` heri ' , which already meant ` army ' . 
  the oldest finding of the word , according to kluge 's etymological dictionary , was in 5th-century runes . 
  so it literally has been meaning army for at least 1600 years . 
  do n't give up now !, 
  still wrong , but you are almost there . 
  [ i 'd like to point out that it 's not only on the list , but it 's number 2 on the list ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xgosk ), 
  they also have the ministry of schools and education . 
  people are very unsatisfied with education politics at the moment . 
  according to the polls this was a bigger topic than refugees and security . 
  i am not an economic person . 
  can somebody elistem , please ? 
  well , i have an idea why it is not prevalent among male weebs ... 
  but the paper is the sun . 
  i think that 's what many of the diplomats on both sides try not to say at the moment , although they really , really want to . 
  family speak of mixed-languages couples is often adorable . 
  my aunt and uncle managed to ravage four languages in one sentence . 
  i have bet for the ownership of [ this puppy ] ( https://www.kenyabuzz.com/media/image-uploads/2016/04/27/landscape-1457107485-gettyimages-512366437.jpg ) against my vietnamese friend that indonesia will remain an example for moderate islam . 
  my friend is from north vietnam . 
  he claims that he eats every animal that has 0 to 100 feet . 
  the life of this puppy lies in your hands . 
  people were asked about their opinion . 
  i fail to see how a collection of opinions can be an insult . 
  edit : trump did question the value of nato . 
  he back-pedaled , but you ca n't blame people for taking him seriously . 
  edit2 : gramma, 
  it depends . 
  have you two sorted out that pope thing in avignon ? 
  `` hasta la vista , cunt ! '', 
  `` that 's not a knife ! '', 
  schwarzenegger always cracks me up . 
  it has been 16 years since 9/11 and we still feel its repercussions . 
  imagine how most of france looked at germany in 1962 . 
  the mother of my brother-in-law was ousted from her french hometown and place of birth because she married a german in the early 70s . 
  we have come a long way . 
  while adenauer and de gaulle surely both had their own reasons for this , it was one of the nicer moments in the history books . 
  sadly we tend to focus on the bloodier parts . 
  [ de gaulle visited germany for the first time ] ( https://de.ambafrance.org/charles-de-gaulles-rede-auf ) 17 years after the war , when many people in europe still did not trust germany and many germans did n't expect this to change , and for good reason , the french president came for a 6-day long state visit and had 14 public appearances where he spoke the language of the former enemy . 
  people were enamored . 
  german-french friendship became a thing . 
  iconic , not ironic . 
  do n't be . 
  because of your banter , i learned that it is a meme , too . 
  the reason is that the british confused it first . 
  dutch was the english name for germans until the 1600s . 
  the word derived from the same root as today 's ` deutsch ' . 
  then , after the dutch republic had achieved independence , the meaning began to shift , so that after a while the term only described the people of today 's netherlands . 
  it 's not you , it 's them . 
  well , you managed to reserve the english term ` dutch ' for yourselves in the 1600s . 
  no wonder the english-speakingers are confused . 
  childhood is scary enough . 
  my parents tried not to add to that . 
  in german it was more politically correct : if the last line of a paragraph was printed on a new page , it was a ` hurenkind ' - child of a whore , not boy or son . 
  maybe we should ask the english about that . 
  do n't worry . 
  it was a joke . 
  there is only one country between the eu and north korea , so ... why not . 
  not wirmer himself , but part of the resistance against the ns regime would be considered far-right themselves today . 
  you had monarchists and nationalists who were antidemocratic themselves but feared that the nsdap would ruin germany . 
  that 's what the german identitarians picked up . 
  goodness , yes . 
  it is the ancient picture of saint or whore , the woman as a trophy of purity or as some_thing _ that can be defiled - but not as somebody who makes their own choices . 
  my home city has about 25 % people with non-german roots , the majority of them turks . 
  we were one of the central hubs during the refugee crisis 2015 . 
  the crisis did not make any impact in the long run . 
  we have street gangs with foreign roots , there are problems with a part of migrant students . 
  i worked here as a teacher in some mor robust schools , so i do n't have any illusions about that . 
  but we had this problems before the refugees and we will work on them in te future , too . 
  we have several subcultures here which are opposing our idea of a modern state . 
  some of them are islamic fundamentalists , sponsored by saudi arabia and pakistan , others are white nationalists . 
  both flavours of anti-democratic activism are small in numbers , but nontheless dangerous .
