  you got us . 
  more than 700 million people , and not one of us is educated enough to grasp this difference . 
  maybe it is because we always generalise everything . 
  this lets us lose the sharpness of our minds ; thus we are not able to take part in a real discussion . 
  so we have to post loaded questions in shady subreddits as a poor excuse for a debate . 
  yes ? 
  and i answered . 
  for choral music - russian . 
  i 'd become a communist for the soviet hymn . 
  i mean sightseeing in bikini , i. e. strolling around the town or entering churches wearing one . 
  some of you have problems with that , and that 's ok . 
  it 's sunday morning . 
  do you expect me to think twice already ? 
  while the french are still sleeping , i want to point out that their pickpockets will know that you are americans , regardless of the hair . 
  they have a trained eye for this . 
  if you just do n't want to piss off the locals , do n't go sightseeing in your bikini and do n't shout in the churches . 
  your hair will be no problem . 
  \u00d6rks . 
  did you actually have to pay these 3cm-fees ? 
  i always hear stories like this , but i do n't know any schreberg\u00e4rtner myself . 
  so i assumed what i heard was exaggerated . 
  the university of bochum is one of the biggest in germany and offers more or less every subject you can think of . 
  the reputation is mixed , but in several departments they are considered as quite good . 
  bochum is in the ruhr valley , which you could call our rust belt . 
  former mining and steel area , now struggling . 
  which means cheap housing and cost of living . 
  the city is ... well , you do n't come for the view , but it is not as bad as the rest of germany will tell you . 
  nice night live . 
  no chance of joining the military , though . 
  the university has german courses for foreign students , but you will have to learn german thoroughly if you want to succeed . 
  and you will be pretty much on your own if you do n't actively look for help . 
  no tuition also means no cuddling - you wont find much of the assistance that an american university provides . 
  there are - at private universities . 
  you have to pay for them . 
  they do n't speak arabic , genetically they are the descendants of central asian turkic tribes and indigenious indo-european inhabitants of central anatolia and their architecture is different from styles in arab countries , but other than that , yeah , they are totally arabs . 
  you are right , of course . 
  the big difference is that people who are now in their forties or older have or had parents or grandparents who were involved in the war . 
  it does not feel like ancient history when your opas were part of the troups and your oma lost her kids on the fl\u00fcchtlingstreck . 
  for our next generation , it will be part of their family history , similar to the ancestor who fought in austerlitz . 
   it may be true for some of our oldest , but for everyone younger than 40-50 ( ... ) i do n't like you . 
  i do n't want to look like somebody who bears a grudge , but you _ did _ support germanicus in his raids in germany . 
  i am a german living in germany , and i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  edit : do you refer to mandatory benefits like parental leave or child benefits ? 
  ca n't be , since they are not a campaign . 
  still at a loss . 
  you need just one youtube video of a black or arab man hitting a blonde woman . 
  just one , and they have enough fuel for a week . 
  real numbers do n't matter anymore . 
  great . 
  way to purge reddit of the germans . 
  germany : especially in 2015 , during the refugee crisis , there were some incidents where people were taken to court about comments on facebook . 
  the comments in question were death threats or comments that were a criminal offense under \u00a7 130 stgb ( volksverhetzung , ~ ~ which is roughly similar to hate speech ~ ~ see mistermysterios ' answer for an explanation ) . 
  under \u00a7 130 , it is forbidden to threaten to kill people because they belong to a certain ( ethnic , religious ... ) group , or to suggest that a group of people , like muslims , gay people , etc. 
  should be drowned in the mediterranian sea . 
  this happened in these offensive posts . 
  you are not allowed to do this in any media , so doing it on facebook is an offense , too . 
  every country has got some idiots . 
  france and ireland are countries . 
  so , maybe there will be some people who will snub you . 
  but that can happen to all of us , at least in france . 
  most irish people are the nicest bunch , even when they are drunk . 
  i personally never had a bad experience in france , although i am german and there are still people in france who are a bit salty about the blitzkrieg invasion thing ( sorry about that , btw . ) . 
  so i really do n't think they will hostile to you . 
  but maybe they will be curious . 
  in many west european countries people are more open to discuss politics with a stranger than in the us , at least if you are roughly the same age . 
  so it is possible that you are asked about your opinion on trump , guantanamo bay or something else . 
  once i had a 45 minute talk with a complete stranger about the irish president - in front of the stalls in the men 's bathroom of a pub in westport , ireland . 
  many of us do n't know that many americans feel uncomfortable to share their political views . 
  furthermore , in the hostels people are used to american visitors . 
  you wo n't be the only one , you wo n't be the first one they see after your election . 
  if you do n't behave like a stereotypical american tourist ( loud ) , people will like you . 
  there was one guy who claimed that we will joke . 
  you answered by calling all of us assholes . 
  by this logic , i should ask you about your illegal emails . 
  the us taught us how to not give a shit about international treaties . 
  late to the party , but i want to ~ ~ procrastinate work ~ ~ contribute : 1 . 
  your presidential race . 
  i did n't want to mention that anywhere on reddit , because it is already flooded with this topic , but ... well , most of you that i met are so wonderful , positive , warm hearted people who would steal the fire from hell to help a friend . 
  or go out of their way to help a stranger . 
  why is the race so full of vitriol and hatred ? 
  and how did you , with so many wonderful , people at hand , end up with candidates that are disliked by their own parties ? 
  you are better than that . 
  you deserve better than that . 
  if i had to buy the prescription drugs i need myself , they would cost me around 220 euros per month , in a country with prices that outside of health care are comparable to the prices in the us . 
  in the usa , the very same drugs , from the same manufacturers , would cost me around $ 1400 with coupons . 
  the 220 euros are the actual price , that is what i would have to pay without an insurance , and the pharma companies still make a nice profit . 
  those drugs are sold around the world , and when i am abroad , i look up the prices in the different countries . 
  my drugs cost more or less the same worldwide , with the exeption of the us . 
  wtf people ? 
  you are getting robbed . 
  i know that the companies need money for research . 
  but that 's not the reason for this pricing . 
  we had it for some years up to around 20 years ago . 
  people preferred the tetra pack , which is a pity , as the bag is the lightest , i. e. ecologically best package . 
  in germany : `` mittelaltermarkt '' , `` mittelalterliches spectaculum '' or `` historischer stadtmarkt '' are some of the titles of our version of ren fairs . 
  the range goes from 5 booths around the town church with an inebriated juggler to weeklong events with hundreds of actors / sellers / musicians . 
  / u / werschafs ' link seems to feature most of them . 
  many people say that it is because we like law and order . 
  i think it is a matter of social pressure . 
  if an irish crosses the street while red , they wo n't be recognized .
