  as for the islamophobes thing - most islam critic that i read here does have racist undertones ( and yes , i know that islam is not a race ) . 
  so one way to change that would be not to mix islam critic with broad assumptions about cultures that we know very little about . 
  then we could speak about this topic without having to deal with all those nazi accusations ( which are thrown around too often , i agree on that ) . 
  edit : [ the comments in this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/69o7ga/do_syrians_commit_a_lot_of_crime_in_germany/ ) are a good example . 
   that germans seem to think we austrians especially like them amongst all our other neighbours do n't worry . 
  i do n't know how you got this impression , but every german who has been here - or in austria - for more than a quick look knows that nothing could be further from the truth . 
  you have enough people who make sure we get this . 
  the children do n't . 
  so if adults do n't sexualize breasts , the only thing that happens is that the children know how normal women 's breasts look like . 
  of course . 
  but my father and his ancestors grew up around verden , so it is a bit of family tradition to find karl not so great . 
  perfect , as long as we can stay . 
  baker schut wanted the clay , but not the people . 
  please speak for the majority please speak for the majority _ please _ speak for the majority i know that he is not the perfect candidate but please speak for the majority i promise to buy a french car please speak for the majority, 
  how about just rheinland , ruhr valley , west westphalia and emsland ? 
  i know we are not the economic powerhouse that we once used to be , but the southerners will be happier with austria , and east germany can make east germany great again and build a wall while we try to figure out how to get a football league running with borussia dortmund and eindhoven . 
  only if we agree on a good trans-germanic beer treaty . 
  i can live without bavaria , but it would really suck to lose oberpf\u00e4lzer beer . 
  as a half breed saxon - let 's do it , yes , but not for the war criminal . 
  lidl is already there , although not as big as aldi . 
  as the rest of europe gives in to populism , germany holds up as the last , best hope of europekind for reason . 
  at least that is what the bourgeois , middle class left will believe , myself included . 
  but the number of believers will decrease , not because we change our line of thought , but because the middle class itself will perish . 
  while germany still has a solid economy , more and more jobs earn less than they used to , the gap between the have-plenties and the have-less gets wider , the population gets older and there will come the day when we have to admit that the financial security that we took for granted is a thing of the past . 
  people do n't need to suffer to get desperate . 
  if they have less than they used to have , and they expect to lose more , even those who are better off than many others become angry . 
  and where there are angry , desperate people , there 'll be the snake , promising simple solutions , exposing the enemy who did this to us . 
  there will be no war because of this , we are not _ that _ stupid . 
  instead of speaking about lebensraum in the east , the snake will talk about keeping to ourselves what is rightfully ours , abandoning the union that costs us too much and that is the culprit , the failed uber state . 
  instead of turning against those who made bigger and bigger profits each year , those who ate all but one piece of the cake and told us that those southerners want to grab the last one , we believe in the snake and , as a good boy does , turn against those who are cheated by their snakes as we are by ours . 
  not in war , mind you , not in riots and blood spilling this time . 
  we just all agree that we need our borders back , and our currency . 
  we begin to demonize those who try to help , declare that saving the lives of refugees just makes matters worse , that the morally good way is to let them drown . 
  the next refugee crisis wo n't be a problem , we will just do what is the reasonable thing to do : shut down our borders . 
  we will see the videos of the salzburg jungle , congratulating each other that we did not let in those savages . 
  italy and greece will have to deal with their refugees without us , we do n't have a border to north africa , so why should this be our problem ? 
  it 's not like we were in some kind of community together . 
  astonishingly , our quality of life will still get lower . 
  so there has to be somebody who steals our money , as we are so hard working people that it is impossible for us to be in worse shape than our neighbours . 
  maybe we should cancel the remaining treaties so that we can renegotiate . 
  oh , and we should get rid of all those turks . 
  ... no , not what you think . 
  they will just have to go home , join their beloved erdogan or whoever will be sultan . 
  sometime later we will find out that inexplicably our society has lost many young people , has aged virtually over night . 
  the social system is in even worse shape . 
  who did this ? 
  the snake has an answer to that question . 
  the young people , those spoilt post-millennials , just do n't work enough , are lazy , besmirch the german virtues of diligence and honesty . 
  or the old people are leeches , reeking in what they do n't deserve . 
  i do n't know which it will be , but the snake does . 
  we will turn against each other , the society will crumble at last . 
  and the snake will play an imaginary fiddle with its imaginary hands , while the center of europe burns . 
  if you pull this off , you deserve every key in the country . 
  but it is a bit bold to call it easy . 
  i just answer your questions . 
   you are a the_donald poster , and a le pen supporter , with a 24 days old account . 
  thanks . 
  i forgot reddit rule number 1 . 
  so you really do n't get it . 
  that would n't be a problem if you were n't so priggish about it . 
  edit :  got someonthing constructive to say look up , around two posts above your op . 
   western european countries , or i should say individuals , still generalise as well . 
   again , read . 
  i did . 
  you answer to someone who tells you that op is american . 
  your answer is that _ western _ europeans generalize , too . 
   western european countries , or i should say individuals , still generalise as well . 
  yes . 
  totally a _ western _ european trait . 
  might want read op next time . 
  basically , you put all of europe 's people into two groups of several 100 million people each and judge them wholesale . 
  that is a bold move . 
  eastern europe consists of 12 to 18 countries , depending on what definition of eastern europe you use . 
  how many of them have you visited ? 
  which ` western european society ' did this here ? 
  the western european society of african americans ? 
  switzerland : we would explain that there was some rule that said we _ had _ to start a war , so we had to start a war . 
  they are the only ones that will understand . 
  germany was just reminded by the eu that they have to abandon passport controls at the border , which were introduced during the refugee crisis . 
  what a way to treat your supreme leader . 
  that 's not unusual . 
  i have experienced more hostility from austrians than from polish people or any other nation . 
  it is bizarre . 
  the german cities that are mentioned here up to now are all in the southern part . 
  [ l\u00fcbeck ] ( https://www.google.de/search?safe=off&amp;biw=1571&amp;bih=963&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;q=l%c3%bcbeck&amp;oq=l%c3%bcbeck&amp;gs_l=img.3..35i39k1l2j0l8.70323.71701.0.72206.6.6.0.0.0.0.134.554.5j1.6.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.6.552...0i67k1.u3a5en8xjfg ) and [ schwerin ] ( https://www.google.de/search?safe=off&amp;biw=1571&amp;bih=963&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=1&amp;q=schwerin&amp;oq=schwerin&amp;gs_l=img.3..0i67k1j0j0i67k1j0l2j0i67k1j0l4.12482.13464.0.13549.8.7.0.1.1.0.112.732.2j5.7.0....0...1c.1.64.img..0.8.742...35i39k1.8hifoxceoje ) are in the north . 
  i am a proponent of adding modern buildings to old town centers instead of faking some fachwerk . 
  there are many ways to let the different buildings tell a story that spreads over centuries . 
  and then there are architects who got hold of [ a bird liver that was destroyed by tuberculosis induced hepatitis ] ( http://greifvogelhilfe.de/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/tbc-maeusebussard-adult-leber-625x415.jpg ) , slammed it on a city map and submitted the dripping mess to an architecture competition . 
  afk to buy some naoh and an eyedropper . 
   it is important that these people are protected , but there are also circumstances where these protected people abused especially that circumstance , and as an employer , i would also try to get rid of such a person . 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  friends of me have a small business with 5-6 employees . 
  they have good times and bad times ; if they had somebody who sabotaged the firm by dodging work , it could ruin them . 
  i used to work in a copper tube plant during the summers while i was in university . 
  metal labor has strong unions here , so everybody was unionized and got good money . 
  the union workers could have abused their power and the employer holding could have moved the plant to poland , where you have skilled workers for less money . 
  but the employer wanted to stay in germany , the workers knew that they would only earn money as long as the company was in good shape . 
  so everybody tried his best to come to mutual agreements . 
  if somebody like the person you described did a stunt like this in that plant , and it was clear that he was simulating is disease , it was detrimental to the company - so the other workers made sure that he either got well very soon or that he was not able to bowl anymore . 
  edit : basically i try to say : it sounds naive if you say that it is good for everybody if everybody agrees not to be a dick .
