  i ca n't find a flaw in this . 
   we certainly were n't the easiest or nicest neighbours well , i can only speak for my family , whose ancestors were dispossessed and expelled from salzburger land for being protestants . 
  so you have a point there . 
  that would be nice , yes . 
  unfortunately , you ca n't just choose not to have a shared history . 
  every single fucking thread . 
  it 's like that distant cousin who only knows one bad joke , but everybody tolerates him because of what happened to him in that horrible accident . 
  the question would be if his words can be considered to qualify as [ volksverhetzung ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volksverhetzung?wprov=sfla1 )  whosoever , in a manner capable of disturbing the public peace :  incites hatred against a national , racial , religious group or a group defined by their ethnic origins , against segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population or calls for violent or arbitrary measures against them ;  or assaults the human dignity of others by insulting , maliciously maligning an aforementioned group , segments of the population or individuals because of their belonging to one of the aforementioned groups or segments of the population ,  or defaming segments of the population ,  shall be liable to imprisonment from three months to five years . 
  so it is not enough to say that you do n't like a group . 
  you have to a ) make a threat or b ) insult them in a way that disturbs the public peace . 
  it is not volksverhetzung is you say that you do n't want moroccans in germany . 
  it is , if you write in a facebook post that we should make sure that more africans drown in the mediterranean sea . 
  also , we would tell people in the other buckets how they have to improve their escape routines . 
  we 'd totally do this because we want to help , and not because we are a bunch of smartasses . 
   does germany have a traditional general education , then split into specialties after age 18 , like the uk or us ? 
  germany has primary schools up to 4th or 6th grade , depending on the state . 
  then up to 10th grade , you attend one of the different types of secondary schools . 
  after that , you either stay at a school of general education until 12th or 13th grade , where you get the abitur ( or fachabitur ) that allows you to attend a university ( or university of applied sciences ) . 
  or you can enter the [ dual education system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_education_system ) , where you work as an apprentice and attend a school that specializes in your trade . 
  there you will have lessons in ` normal ' subjects , but you also learn the theoretical part of your craft . 
  this way you get your training before you are 18 . 
  you can also enter an apprenticeship when you are older , of course . 
  the low percentage of college education : as i understand it , in the us you have many occupations where part of the training is absolved at a college , whereas the same training in germany will take place at a ` school ' . 
  this is the case for nurses , among others . 
  while this does not say anything about the quality of the education , it means that german nurses will not be part of the statistics of people with college education . 
  if you consider the fact that there are 3.3 million registered nurses in the usa , it may shed some light on the tertiary education numbers . 
  sneaky romans . 
  built the pula arena without being seen . 
   that is satan 's cum i will take your word for that . 
  you can plan to change the constitution , but not if the change goes against the fdgo . 
  this has been hard coded into the constitution by the [ ewigkeitsklausel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternity_clause?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  so if you want to abolish democracy , the republic as the form of government , or basic human rights , you have to do it after a coup d'etat or after placing your goons as judges in the constitutional court , which then have to break their oath and go against the core of our law . 
  a party that openly wants to revoke the fdgo will be banned . 
  about 30 m per year . 
  that 's why you are so annoyingly right about them . 
  some of you manage to move slower down the road than wanderbaustellen . 
  stop jamming our autobahnen with your woonwagens and we 've got a deal . 
   so far only 2 parties got banned did you forget the glorious fap ? 
  edit : ah . 
  nevermind . 
  not forbidden , just declared ` not to be a party ' , then banned . 
  after an unfortunate event in the last century , we now have the concept of ` freiheitliche demokratische grundordnung ' ( fdgo ) in our constitution . 
  it defines the irrevocable core of state and government and demands that every political action has to follow the lead of dignity , democracy and [ rechtsstaatlichkeit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rechtsstaat ) . 
  by definition , a party that opposes this foundation can not be a party inside the fdgo and will be dissolved . 
  the only court that is allowed to do this is the federal constitutional court . 
  since 1949 , some communist and fascist parties have been judged to be illegal . 
  usually i try to explain to people that my ruhr sprawl is better than almost everybody thinks , but now i am a bit surprised . 
  we have outstanding theatres and a university is the biggest employer in a city with 360.000 people . 
  but if you ask the rest of germany , they will tell you that we have migrants , football and trash tv protagonists . 
   do n't get me started on older tourists from your country sunbathing i used to work as a paramedic at a life guard tower . 
  thank you for not starting . 
  well , i have seen several tits of women who had been out in the sun too long with a small bikini . 
  so they were indeed red and white . 
  but i do n't want to talk about the black , red and gold ones . 
  i always find it weird that you can show your support for your country by wearing its flag on your crotch . 
  i think you will get more serious answers if you are more specific . 
  even if may and the 27 stay stubborn , i doubt that a uk citizen will be worse off than a canadian or usian in the eu . 
  and some of them are working here , too . 
  we do n't know what will happen , maybe do n't buy any houses for the next two years , but other than that - have fun . 
  and do n't read the daily mail or wprost without having sedated yourself . 
  fascinating . 
  so many things to troll about and it chose - peanut butter ? 
  i had fun with my nissan , so is renault ok ? 
  i think i always respect french everywhere except a poker table . 
  there i dread their level of crazy . 
  i never had problems with french people . 
  but you are not alone in terms of austrians . 
  already troll season again ? 
  it seems that some people from munich do it , at least that 's what i read here . 
  other than that , people do n't care . 
  uhm ... amusing is not a word that i would have used , but i am glad you can see it this way . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ there was an interview with a member of the temple from june last year , two months after the attack . 
  basically he said that after 2001 there is the occasional ` taliban ' or ` bin laden ' shout ( * ) . 
  he answers by talking to the insulter and explaining sikhism . 
  other than that , ` the imam of the mosque next-door is a nice man , we greet each other ' . 
  they work with the muslim communities in inter-religious projects . 
  the general mood in the sikh community has not changed after the attack last year , acoording to mr. singh ( duh ) , because the perpetrators were caught very quickly . 
  ( * ) i must mention that other germans think of us as a quite blunt . 
  ruhr district : usually people wo n't give two thoughts about your head wear . 
  but there are 5 million people in this area , so we have our share of idiots . 
  there was an explosives attack on the sikh temple / house of prayers in essen by islamic extremists one year ago . 
  while this is despicable enough on its own , it was an isolated incident as far as i know . 
  but i am not a sikh , so it would be more helpful to ask the people of said temple about their experience in everyday life . 
  i used to see austria as more than a random neighboring country , not because ` one of us ' , but because there is more shared history than the 7 years . 
  but there were plenty of people who made sure to let me know i was wrong . 
  unfortunately gij\u00f3n is one of my earliest childhood memories about sports . 
  no wonder i never got any medal . 
  c\u00f3rdoba on the other hand is not seen as anything special here , i think . 
  we had our fair share of humiliating games , and c\u00f3rdoba is one of them . 
  that was not a great day for football . 
  but we could finally stop complaining about wembley . 
  hot , high , wide , very different landscapes close to each other and breathtakingly beautiful . 
   most people that have a strong opinion about this are men this goes against my experience . 
  in germany we have either people who are against it because they do n't think it 's part of their culture and people who do n't care or who are for it because why not - the latter ones mostly in east germany , where nudism was more common in the socialist era . 
  so while it may be a relict of the patriarchat , it is even more common that women complain about nude women on the beach . 
   silly ~ ~ men ~ ~ people amazingly , women do this , too . 
  you are answering to a troll account . 
  please take everything with more than a grain of salt . 
  large parts of the european left have a long tradition of dogmatism and close mindedness , and i say that as a european left . 
  i do n't know why you think we needed the americans to be this way .
