  discouraging trolls by refusing to acknowledge the sarcastic / condescending undercurrent has been helpful for me in several groups . 
  british = chewing gum us = hot potato orkney = who let the vienna guy in ? 
  no you do n't . 
  the frisians ... well , i am not a man to hold a grudge , but they collaborated with drusus , so i guess you are right . 
  yes ? 
  that 's what i am talking about ? 
  if you actually look at the map , you 'll see that today 's sachsen is called the original sachsen , what it is n't . 
  and actually , they did n't move south - some noble leeches , i.e. 
  the askanier , got their fingers on the eastern part of the herzogtum sachsen , and when they lost it again , they kept the name . 
  the name moved , the people did n't . 
  well , the aller river flows through the former eastphalia and engern gaue , so maybe we have to ask charle-so-called-magne . 
  it would n't be that annoying if there were n't this dialect . 
  imagine english as a language partly derived from fake-saxon . 
  quiet . 
  and a bit slow . 
  it 's great , but i see the fake saxons have again succeeded in passing as the original saxons . 
  yes . 
  i have big dreams . 
  edit : i like to visualize the weight loss with 0.5 l bottles of water . 
  a shelf with 100 of them just looks better than 50 one liter bottles . 
  ( and doubles the nice moments when i add a bottle ) . 
  my problem with him is not that i deem him extremely right wing , although he would be if he were a politician here in germany . 
  but there are some red flags in my eyes : 1 . 
  he openly endorsed torture , which is a deal breaker for me regardless of political orientation . 
  it was one of the greatest achievements of the western world to abolish it . 
  i know that we only know his media personality . 
  so he might be a brilliant mind . 
  but he tries hard to be seen as an uneducated anti-intellectualist who is not able to handle criticism . 
  these are not good perks for anybody , but especially not for somebody with his amount of power . 
  he sounds like a man-child , which is frightening . 
  his inconsistency . 
  i would be a very happy hippo if somebody would make sure that assad did n't need oxygen anymore . 
  and you could argue that trump only followed obama 's red line when he bombed an airfield in syria . 
  but he had made very clear that he condemned obama 's ` meddling ' in foreign countries and that he is an isolationist . 
  so if he is ready to go against the core elements of his own politics on a whim , it is frightening , too . 
  edit : 4 . 
  his press secretary . 
  since yesterday , i have no words to describe this blathering idiot . 
  i am sure they are better than our local beer . 
  i am from dortmund , the beer brands around here are the mcdonald 's of alcoholic beverages . 
  with one exception . . 
  i ca n't name an austrian beer ( other than fucking hell , of course ) . 
  i 'd say wine , obstler and stroh 80 . 
  the german cheese accepts your apology . 
  disclaimer : some years ago i used to weigh in at 150 kg . 
  i lost 50 pounds , so i managed to lose some , but i am still fat . 
   have you heard of `` fat shaming/fat acceptance '' outside of the internet no . 
  there is the occasional `` look at this fat cow / fat sack ( fettsack is the german go-to insult for a fat male ) , but not in the sense of shaming them into action , it 's just an insult like any other one . 
  and i never heard it used against me - people are much more critical of women , and i have broad shoulders and a resting grumpy face , so people are not eager to insult me . 
   what 's your opinion on it , if any ? 
  fat acceptance : today 's beauty standards are absurd . 
  if you consider a woman fat because she has the slightest curve across her belly , you are an idiot . 
  on the other hand , a bmi of 40 is detrimental to your health . 
  you have to accept this . 
  if you think that beauty comes in any size , i am ready to send you some photos of my beautiful 150 kg from 2008 . 
  i heard the cia printed them on the towels they use for waterboarding . 
  i do understand if somebody resigns and just tries to live their life without the constant struggle against their own weight . 
  for most people , losing weight is not as easy as it sounds when you read all those ` my journey ' posts on r/fitness et al. 
  and sometimes it is better to live as healthy as you can with your weight than doing the yo-yo again and again . 
  but do n't try to convince other people to see something they do n't . 
  fat shaming : if there is one thing that almost every fat person lacks , it is not discipline - it 's self-confidence . 
  if there is one thing that you need the most to lose weight , it is not discipline - it is self-confidence . 
  if there is one action that destroys any self-confidence that is left in a fat person , it is fat-shaming . 
  by fat-shaming , you do not empower people but you take away the most important tool they need to change their habits . 
  a fat person does not need to be told that they are fat . 
  or that it is unhealthy . 
  they know this . 
  but if they do n't have the confidence that they are able to change themselves , they will not lose weight in the long run . 
  we have free speech . 
  you are entitled to call somebody fat if they are fat . 
  but do n't fool yourself into believing that you do it to improve society . 
  you do it because you are an asshole who prefers pointing his finger at somebody else instead of trying to look after his own faults . 
  in a tube ? 
  what kind of abomination is that ? 
  i am not rattled , but i take my cheese quite seriously . 
   it does exist and it is called schmelzk\u00e4se . 
  i did n't say that it does n't exist , i said i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  while i would never defile my breakfast by putting schmelzk\u00e4se on my bread , i have never seen it in a tube . 
  the cheese aisles in german supermarkets are quite big . 
  in bigger markets you have a cheese counter , too . 
  you can choose out of 80 to 150 different kinds of cheese from germany , france , the netherlands , switzerland denmark , uk ( only cheddar though ) , italy , greece and other countries . 
  and you chose to eat some chemical paste that most of us have never seen . 
  i was born in the 70s in west germany and drive less than one hour to paderborn . 
  i have no idea what you are talking about . 
  you were in germany once , in one town . 
  and now you think that every german eats some disgusting designer food . 
  that 's a hell of an extrapolation, 
   but that germany does n't exist anymore he drove from belgium to the gdr to buy sausages ? 
  never heard about it , it 's not a thing here . 
  last day of the proms is a thing , at least for some people . 
  what ? 
  i have never heard about this one . 
  and i think i disagree . 
  oh boy , you blew it . 
  until this i was on your side . 
  i 'd like to add that there is a line between naked people and erotica . 
  in germany it is ok to show nakedness before 10 pm , but not in a sexual act . 
  is chaquetear a familiar slang for all spanish speaking countries ? 
  or is there something like a spanish internet slang , words that may be not native to everybody between andorra and tierra del fuego , but are used by hispanohablantes from every direction ? 
  so the eu would finally be as efficient as the hre ?
