  but to put it into perspective - our city has ad many inhabitants as wyoming , but half of wyoming 's numbers concerning murder , sex crimes and other serious crimes . 
  that 's why i am a bit exasperated when an american tells me about how fucked we are . 
  those us pro-europeans would add to one of those problems if they were actually here . 
  so as long as i am concerned , they can fuck off and hopefully stay in their shack in sisterhump , kentucky . 
  i 'd really not enjoy driving that van . 
  i am a big guy , i think i 'd get claustrophobic . 
  it looks as if it is kind of smelly , too . 
  borrowing a trailer is quite cheap in my town . 
  also , my go-to hardware store delivers for a fee or lets you use a delivery van for free for two or three hours if you buy for more than 200 euro . 
  let 's see ... 
  i 'd say that the regime would have never been overthrown , because all in all , the nazis were quite good in handling inner-german resistance , and your ` historian ' seems to think that the unification of europe would last in spite of the fact that the subjugated peoples would hate our guts . 
  today 's slavs would never have been born , so i doubt they will regret it . 
  i , as a german , would have had my time in a concentration camp because i refused mandatory military service . 
  or i would have chickened out , done my military time and now were a proud partisan hunter and kids ' executioner in the ural mountains . 
  i have to think about it , but i tend to say that i prefer not to kill anybody . 
  portugal and spain arguably would still be dictatorships without the democratic impulses from the rest of europe . 
  and so on . 
  but hey , we would be a global powerhouse with our own nukes . 
  in the hands of a fascist regime . 
  yeah ... no . 
  moot point , nitpicking , not worth a discussion . 
  usually it is about something that is only of interest for people who speak that language . 
  so i know i can stop reading ( and probably should have stopped 50 posts north of it ) . 
  there are some castles that you can rent for events like this . 
  they get money . 
  which is not annoying . 
   do you think that german people no they do n't . 
  i never said `` it 's weird that czech people '' . 
  and no , i do n't know much about czech politics . 
  but if something czech concerns me , i will at least try to look for additional information . 
  as i said - it is weird that people have such a short , selective and false memory . 
  let me get some popcorn . 
  which is weird because merkel opposed any extended rescue mission or other help until summer 15 because she was afraid that it would encourage refugees to come . 
  this changed only in the summer when they were already coming to the north . 
  the alternative would have been to close german borders and leave austria / hungary and the rest alone with their problems , like it had been done with italy and greece . 
  frankly spoken , this is not what i expect of a drama queen . 
  mistakes were made . 
  let 's move on . 
  he was an imperialist who was ready to sacrifice lives for the british empire , he thought that white people should rule over the non-whites , he drank too much alcohol and he smoked . 
  he was also courageous , had a sharp intellect and he was able to lead the last european democracy ( * ) against the german storm . 
  one should acknowledge the achievements of a man , even if he has his dark sides . 
  ( * ) yes , i know - the democracy did not extend to the colonies . 
  but that was the land that churchill was born into . 
  he was a patriot in a good and in a bad way . 
  switzerland : the house of the patient peasants who have endured all quarrels of the noble leeches , finally have enough of it , hang all those bastards and purebreds on various trees and live happily ever after as the eisengenossenschaft . 
  oh yes , i forgot how our bavarian colleagues reacted when they realizad that there was no alcohol in our lifeguard station . 
  it is not weird at all . 
  your liver , your choice . 
  in the smaller villages of the area my father came from it used to be a problem for sober alcoholics , because the social conventions expected you to drink , but that has changed after enough people had been open about their experiences . 
  if you call someone a liar about a matter like this you should be very sure about yourself . 
  first of all , i am sure everybody i know will agree that there is nothing benevolent in letting your kids do whatever they want without establishing some rules and placing borders . 
  there was a fad called ` antiautorit\u00e4re erziehung ' after 1968 , which , if done badly , resulted in what you describe , but it emerged out of the anti-imperialist , anti-american left . 
  on the other hand i resent the idea that it is ok to beat your kids because they have a tantrum . 
  it is possible to raise a kid , including setting limits and teaching good behavior , without violence . 
  meaning what ? 
  ( do you have bags in front of the door at home ? ), 
  - being stupid : `` dich hat der esel im galopp verloren '' ( you were lost by / given birth by a galloping donkey ) both become old-fashioned , which i regret . 
  the fugger family ran an international company that had almost a european monopoly on copper in the early 1500s . 
  their forefathers had been weavers 100 years before jakob fugger bought himself a duchy . 
  one of the unpunctual germans . 
  my co-students had a unit of length of time named after me because people claimed that it was the minimal time i was late . 
  i also did n't like football and beer and , as a veggie , did n't eat sausages or german wiener schnitzel . 
  in university some of my co-students were a quiet us-american , a lazy japanese and of course many germans who always managed to be late . 
  the east german girl did n't complain about anything and the gay guy was a conservative with a bad fashion taste . 
  while the greek was kind of a genius , he never yelled `` eureka '' . 
  and he was so good at personal finance that he was able to travel across india on beer money . 
  i think i was part of a social experiment . 
  can we gave one thread without him , please ? 
  nobody said gringo though . 
  yes , please !, 
  although i do n't know if i would trust hollywood with it at the moment . 
  i would n't want him to fight thor and loki in warsaw . 
  i want the eu to be more than a common market . 
  i oppose any new membership at the moment , because it seems already next to impossible to get anything done outside of economic regulations or bashing greece . 
  i am sure that turkey would gladly help with the latter . 
  thanks , we 're good . 
  i was mistaken for a us-american in south america many times . 
  it was a bit sad to see how people opened up when i told them that i am not . 
  well , i have heard it . 
  in contrast to austria , germany abandoned its nation wide sirene system in 1990 . 
  some larger cities still run their sirens while paying for them themselves , most cities do n't have them anymore . 
  in view of recent terror attacks , the federal office of fubar problems tries to come up with an ersatz system , but up to now we have to rely on twitter in my city . 
  i second `` auf gut deutsch gesagt '' , as mentioned above . 
  i myself do n't use it , though . 
  when i cursed in front of adults in a non-cursing environment , i said `` entdchuldigung '' . 
  in front of older students `` ups '' ( oops ) , in front if younger students - i think it only happened once . 
  i decided to slap my hand on my mouth and look embarrassed . 
  it worked . 
  yes , i 'm sure what is good for you is good for everybody . 
  it is totally not a dumb generalization when you give your unsolicited advice . 
  fortunately for your criminals , we have kurdish clans , a bulgarian mafia and romanian gangs of thieves who feed our xenophobes . 
  did you throw out the good ones ? 
  i have a hard time coming up with a polish person in germany that i really disliked , at least when i think about ex-coworkers or students . 
  there was one physician who hated me , but even he was n't an asshole , just an idiot . 
  thank you for your honest answer . 
  why do you think that turkey is now more democratic than under president erdogan before the referendum ? 
  they are part of a genius line of thoughts : `` there are muslims who are terrorists . 
  how can we fight terrorism ? 
  we alienate the moderate muslims and other people who just happen to be from one of dem carpet countries until they go back to muslimland . 
  no terrorists . '',
