what grey ? 
  you say that like it 's a bad thing . 
  we will build dykes around lesbos and we will make the lesbians pay for it, 
  why ? 
  it 's lovely . 
  they have mountains . 
  mountains . 
  holy shit , you can actually see the maasvlakte from space . 
  uh , i do n't get it . 
  wait , what ? 
  did this happen recently ? 
  did not know malta was this small . 
  woah , that 's a lot of names i 've never heard of . 
  no , but there are other subreddits where we can all agree how fucking evil and sick this is . 
   notably the fact that it is ill defined and inconsistent . 
  you have some catching up to do on my comments . 
  like your previous claims ( because good lord , you sure do like throwing around words ) , these ones are also quickly disproven by evidence of the opposite - in this case , the fact that i 've been relatively clear about what europe is and is n't . 
   not wanting to try a new android app because of those permissions god , the permissions . 
  just let me say no to them . 
  i consider and weigh all that i know when i commit to making a point - and i do know a bit of history , so when i choose to ignore it that 's not `` ignorance '' or `` closemindedness '' , but rather a very deliberate choice not to overestimate the face value of it . 
  it can not be either of those things if i 'm well aware of the historic perspective . 
  i do n't have enough substantiated proof for your claim that my definition is not recognised by anyone , so i hope you 'll understand that i highly doubt that it 's a valid point in any way or degree . 
  and insults wo n't help either , because it devalues other , meaningful arguments that you may have been making . 
  i understand , and from a discussion standpoint , i agree . 
  you need to understand that i do not care about the historic perspective , not in the slightest . 
  i care about things that matter right now , and if i 'm going to involve anything that happened in the past , it 's going to be a post-wwii time period . 
  and i 'm not going to take responsibility for the instances of past injustice that you mentioned , because they have no palpable relation to what we 're doing now . 
  i do n't define europe , in this context , as a continent . 
  you seem very insistant about geography , but there is no geography involved here , besides the rough overall location of the actual european landmass on the planet . 
  so in my definition of europe , i do acknowledge that new zealand could never be european , despite being `` european '' . 
  but that does n't mean that the rest of european parliament disagrees , does it ? 
  no , and that 's my point . 
  it 's not about geography and i do n't agree with the suggestion that it ever was . 
  no fascist , neo-nazi state could ever have any relation to the eu . 
  georgia could , and i do n't think georgia has such barbaric practices going on , but chechnya could never be european . 
  the countries of europe , as one collective group , are deeply associated with certain traits . 
  our high living standards , our rich histories , our religious and cultural diversity , our beautiful nature . 
  some of these countries in particular can be distinguished from all the others in the world . 
  some countries have it so good , that they 're really in a class of their own . 
  places like norway , sweden , denmark , switzerland , the netherlands , ireland ... few nations outside of europe have it so good as these ones do . 
  many other of europe 's countries also have high living standards et al , and most european nations do in fact enjoy high living standards , period , but these ones are above that still . 
  and the high living standards and the rich cultures are such an important part of the european identity that i believe that europe is more a way of life , or , if you will , perhaps a seal of approval for successful societies in this part of the world . 
  i ca n't see it as a geographic thing , because that simply does n't describe europe as a collective of nations . 
   europe is a geographical concept , not an ideological one . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  it is n't up to you to decide what is and is n't up for debate . 
  and while turkey may have at one point been the link between two geographical continent - despite the fact that i think it 's ridiculous that asia starts that far west - they have absolutely lost that status with their contemporary policies . 
   and there 's a part of turkey that 's in europe and that 's not a matter of opinion . 
  no , there is n't . 
  and indeed , no it is n't . 
  i was going to say that they 're * obviously * european , because they 're in eurovision , but god dammit the mods beat me to it . 
  so okay , i know their language is fuckin ' awesome . 
  commonness is not a valid parameter . 
  the majority of the world population is religious , and therefore that 's the most common state , but that does n't mean that irreligion is n't the default and most scientific form . 
  and even then , i 'm not required to subscribe to the most common definition . 
  agreed . 
  turkey is not europe geographically , and the others are a matter of opinion . 
  like i said , if belgium or switzerland persecuted gays and hunted down critics , i would n't consider them european either . 
  i would n't consider the netherlands european if we were that kind of scum . 
   europe is a place not a religion , if a place is muslim that does n't stop it from being europe . 
  then why are there no primarily muslim territories in europe ? 
   the netherlands did not legalize gay equality until 2001 we did n't legalize gay * marriage * until 2001 . 
  gay equality is not something you can wholly achieve through lawmaking , though the laws were already permissive of it well before 2001 . 
   chechnya is in europe just like we are no , it is n't . 
  and there is no valid reason or argument for saying it is . 
   can we seriously just say that north korea is n't in asia because it 's far too shitty ? 
  absolutely , asia is pretty bad as a whole . 
  the good , developed , wealthy parts of asia are a minority , mind you . 
  it should speak for itself that that does n't count , and that i was n't speaking in the past tense . 
  my definition of europe is not underdeveloped instable shitholes like russia . 
  but apparently that 's just me . 
  now i know jack shit about eastern europe , but i think i 'd even make some cuts there . 
  it 's horrifying and disgusting , but what is this doing in / r/europe ? 
  no state or territory that treats its citizens like this will ever or should ever be considered european . 
  chechnya is a muslim territory , it 's not truly part of russia , and therefore i strongly recommend that no one considers them european in any way . 
  and let 's consider that chechenya is located well outside of europe geographically . 
  if anything , the opposite is true . 
  hehe , it wishes . . 
  i hope so , because i have no idea what you 're on about . 
  i know ; i simply disagree . 
  out of principles and out of respect for european values . 
  why is the most sensible thing i 've said in this conversation so far supposedly trolling ? 
  i need you to explain that to me because i 'm just trying to make a point . 
  kindly fuck off . 
  i do n't joke about these things . 
  because it 's not funny . 
  the idea that there are such unliberal , unfree , untolerant countries and regimes within what is the traditional definition of our continent is not funny . 
  i mean , the protests in belrado or wherever it is , that 's not european . 
  that 's south america , that 's banana republic stuff . 
  is the formerly communist part of europe ever going to enter the modern era or are you going to keep dabbling in corruption , conflict and oppression ? 
  but these things are n't even enforced properly . 
  i do n't care what specific meanings others may give to certain terms . 
  a corrupt ogliarchy without lgbt rights is not , and will never be european . 
  they could be right where belgium is , and they 'd still not be european . 
  but they can not have the same freedoms as the rest of us . 
  same , but i 'm not as preachy about it . 
  and the people in question are about as rigid as spock , being completely oblivious to figures of speech , nuance , implications , humour , tongue-in-cheek et cetera . 
  virtue signalling is n't enough . 
  marching , blockading , going on strike , threatening to set their workplaces on fire is . 
  fuck off with the sarcasm .
