  and no , of course i 'm not advocating the shooting of any trump-aligned politician , but i 'll definitely buy you a pint if you do it anyway . 
  yeah , one guy . 
  try again with a hundred . 
  we should never forget what happened in ww2 , and with slavery and everything , but i think it 's about time for everyone to stop feeling personally responsible for it . 
  i do n't ; i just do n't want it to happen again . 
  yes , them too . 
  always bitching about their second amendement and shit , but now that they really need it , everyone 's dead quiet . 
  it makes sense for eu institutions to be somewhat spread out . 
  it does not make sense for an institution to move around willy nilly because of one eu member 's ego issues . 
  in fact , i believe strasbourg will eventually kill the eu , if they do n't drop it . 
  it 's utterly ridiculous , and it 's an enormous waste of money . 
  as just a rod in the clockwork that is the eu . 
  their ego is way bigger than it has any right to be . 
  yeah , the french need to go learn their fucking place . 
  looks dope though . 
  impressive , i 'd say . 
  hundreds of thousands ? 
  this is n't america , you know . 
  that 's odd , because you just told me everything i need to know to be sure you 're a horrible person . 
  it 's literally a specific post on a specific subreddit , you thick fuck . 
  then do n't look at it . 
  no , it 's not , you 're a horrible person , and get the fuck out . 
  fuck off then . 
  two things : 1 . 
  you homophobes only ever pay attention to the dudes . 
  if you did n't , maybe you would n't be so hateful . 
  2 go fuck yourself . 
  name and shame the bigots ? 
  i 'm sure it is . 
  it 's not sexism if everyone is of the lesser sex . 
  obviously the courts can still dismiss a case or deem it ridiculous . 
  remind me to illegally pirate season 5 of boston legal . 
  to be fair , would anyone really be sorry if they succeeded in doing that ? 
  ... how ? 
  yeah , but no one listened . 
  as always . 
  the kind that gets shit done . 
  i like it . 
  if i recall correctly , our debate was essentially `` dude , what if we let the gays marry ? '', 
  and then everyone went `` yeah dude , let 's do it '' . 
  and then we did it . 
  and kees van der staaij has n't felt god 's love er since . 
  i think . 
  never . 
  you change . 
  [ likewise ] ( http://img.xooimage.com/files90/2/d/d/img_2471_1-3d541bb.jpg ), 
  but by that logic , flevoland is the result of climate change too . 
  [ not so fast . 
  ] ( https://cdn.theatlantic.com/assets/media/img/mt/2017/04/rtx341qe/lead_960.jpg?1491850019 ), 
  sounds like you do n't know how bad bing really is . 
  it 's the vista of search engines , the zune of mp3 players . 
   implying they 'll find anything , as opposed to just breaking down into tears and giving up, 
  correct . 
  maybe some other ones no one has ever heard of ... 
  hey , that 's pretty good . 
  but i ca n't wait for it to be just as hideous as the old one is now in 50 years . 
  but last time i went there it looked as if no one had given it a lick of paint in 30 years , so you know what , it 's an improvement either way . 
  found the amsterdammer . 
  thanks for this post , amsterdam is seriously overrated . 
  certainly not a dutch thing . 
  i for one love all if it , in every form . 
  even almere . 
  i can . 
  internet germans : proving every stereotype about them to be 100 % true since at least 1994 . 
  and / r/thenetherlands does n't allow memes . 
  awh , it 's so diddy . 
  had n't heard it until now , do n't like it . 
  they should trying having the good songs win sometime . 
  and the more contemporary it sounds , the better . 
  what are these `` ads '' you speak of ? 
  good . 
  good . 
  america , limburg ? 
  i 'll happily be annoyed by both , and i 'll continue to be a strong proponent of women dressing however they want to ( unless it 's skirts and heels because that 's oppression ), 
  i do n't know , i thought they spoke hungyr in hungary or something . 
  or hungarsk . 
  hungari\u010de . 
  no , it 's not . 
  i just thought magyar is what they speak in malaysia or something . 
  jean-luc has his own language ? 
  wtf ? 
  i thought magyar was east asian . 
  i personally hope it will be removed right now . 
  and i hope we 'll do it . 
  i was thinking a hydraulic press , but fair enough . 
  ca n't wait for the finnish champion . 
  randstadrail is light rail despite mostly running on heavy rail , so why would n't this be ? 
  not yet , but it 's scheduled to start shortly . 
  most of the track is already in place , it being a disused goods line , and the rest will be done by 2021 . 
  absolutely . 
  it may be a shitshow , but it 's our shitshow . 
  cookies !, 
  all kinds . 
  candies too . 
  i could never not be dutch . 
  if i were european , i 'd be the same as everyone else . 
  and not only a brit , a swede or a frenchman , but also a rus or a turk . 
  they 're also building one from maastricht , nl to hasselt , be . 
  no-fact zone, 
  yeah , but it has donald trump in it .
