  shit . 
  of course . 
  do n't you ? 
  whether trump 's a cunt or not . 
  the british did it , no problemo . 
  and if we can sail up the medway and steal britain from the british ( it 's technically still ours ) , we can tell a yank with ego issues to go fuck a rake . 
  i seriously doubt that . 
  france did n't take sides . 
  i wish i could call you nice . 
  instead , i 'll have to settle for `` bloody dreary '' instead . 
  you have no right to speak on behalf of europe after hosting trump . 
  and that 's exactly why we should have more of it . 
  because we 're not boring fun haters like you . 
  just imagine if the 70s , 80s and 90s never happened . 
  that 's not a world anyone deserves to live in . 
  fit in or fuck off . 
  i go to / r/europe to explore europe and get to know the cultures of my fellow europeans . 
  yes , that is what i want this sub to be . 
  screw you , op . 
  you 're wrong . 
  you 're just too arrogant to admit it . 
  dude . 
  you have a beer named vergina ? 
  * vergina ?!, 
  banana for scale ? 
  those are n't even real letters . 
  and heineken is shit . 
  so majestic . 
  and she 's been around so long ... i ca n't really imagine her dying . 
  i was n't around when she got the job , nor were my parents , and my grandparents were teens then . 
  step 1 : shut the fuck up step 2 : pay our fucking money back step 3 : freedom of speech kicks in again, 
  love it when people take my stupid , low-effort comments seriously . 
  what 's the point in having an idea if you 're not gon na follow up on it ? 
  and during the 30s , someone had the idea of building two giant spiralling roadways on either sides of the tower , so that cars could drive up to the top . 
  one is evil , the other leaves me entirely cold . 
  ca n't imagine it . 
  i am `` older '' already , and i 'm a big supporter of `` think before you post '' . 
  but nice try , i ca n't imagine what it must be like to be a trump apologist and thinking you can lecture others on maturity . 
  they 're not , protesters want to be sympathized with and viewed as the good guys . 
  the protesters where there to make a message . 
  i do n't care what the hoodies were there for , or the cops , this is about activism and it must be allowed . 
  i do n't `` think '' he is . 
  i know he is . 
  everyone knows it , some just do n't care or deny it . 
  i do n't care , they should n't be there . 
  shoot them with real bullets for all i do n't care , as long as the real protesters are left alone . 
  the cops could have chosen not to show up , so it 's their own fucking fault . 
  this does n't look like a good thing at all . 
  well , they were n't . 
  they were randoms looking for shit to destroy , and they hijacked the whole thing . 
  and yet they hosted trump . 
  so whatever they may say or do now , they are not pro-european . 
  yes , you 're enabling facism by not only allowing it a platform , but by actively choosing not to protest it . 
  and why not invite duterte or erdogan while you 're at it ? 
  \\  implying redditors have any power over anyone, 
  oh look , a pole . 
  was saddened to learn today that you people are fascist scum . 
  right . 
  the only thing trump realistically could be beating is his wife , and we know that does n't happen either because he never even sees her . 
  who else could it be ? 
  well , at least she 's on our side . 
  wow op , you really hate it when people come together to have fun , do n't you ? 
  well there 's your problem - donnie 's making it so that his job is losing its importance . 
  i was gong to say that protesting is a great way to inspire change , but these assholes can go catch a bullet for all i care . 
  imagine being the leader of the free world and getting talked down to by a bunch of corrupted , power hungry assholes . 
  wonder how long it 'll be before godwin 's law kicks in . 
  it is , is n't it ? 
  because we 're not that fancy . 
  it 's not a hipster thing , it 's the name of the country . 
  i love how every country has `` that part '' . 
  every one of them . 
  ours is called brabant , it 's ... something different . 
  high , you mean . 
  the numbers represent the % that do * not * approve of homosexuality , 
  yes , and we 'll have flying cars and a free pony for everyone . 
  hey now , it is slow . 
  it 's railway . 
  do n't do math , kids . 
  the italians have bought them now ... they 're going to get a facelift , better internals and a new paintjob . 
  thank you , that answered all my questions . 
  not gon na lie , it looks seriously sweet on paper . 
  it 's actually 140 ( unless you live in one of them rural places where it 's 130 or even 100 in groningen ) and we 'll be going up to 160 and 200 soon . 
  getting shiny new ones soon though . 
  have it on high authority that they wo n't be as ugly . 
  kinda like it , to be honest . 
  suck 'n' fuck it , finland . 
  damn !, 
  foiled again . 
  lucky for you then that the 80s are in fashion this year . 
  uttered , of course , by a dutchman . 
  do n't think we have any such thing nowadays . 
  i suppose it 'd be fun to have in one particular place . 
  neon ? 
  tacky ? 
  god , no , neon is classy . 
  you ca n't truly know a time or an era until you see its streets in full , living colour . 
  i happen to already be pretty familiar with the 80s but if anyone has anything from back then , hit me up . 
  especially late 80s . 
  fuck you , we 're freeeeee people, 
  then hurry up and get it off the bill of rights .
