  i am actually quite curious especially since before the war germany was one of the most fertile countries in europe . 
  danish politics in general are a lot more sensible it seems with a wider spectrum of ideas represented , whereas swedish politics has a very narrow range which is all left of centre . 
  being forced to give your fingerprints after being arrested is standard procedure in every country on earth . 
  why is germany so old ? 
  i know it 's because of low fertility but * why * is germany so particularly low ? 
  you could add a realistic sex scene in a movie without having actual sex - if we could make spider-man swinging from building to building look realistic we can do that . 
  having actual sex in a film seems like of those ` edgy for the sake of edginess ' scenarios , like when the script writers unnecessarily inject the word ` f ** k ' into every line even when it adds nothing to the substance of the dialogue . 
  it is my understanding that in essence bosnia is * already * a failed state in the sense that it is only held together by the tenuous dayton agreement which threatens western intervention if the croats - 15 % and the serbs - 35 % try to break away . 
  if it 's just two people rolling around on top of each other than why would n't they just simulate it ? 
  the only reason i could think of is if they 're showing actual * entry * and then it qualifies as porn for me . 
  when it goes from simulated to actual intercourse it stops being a regular film and becomes porn , i do n't want to go the cinema to see porn . 
  i do n't think refusing to be fingerprinted after being arrested falls within the realms of free-speech regardless . 
   yeah and at some point your ethnicity should combine with the country your living in . 
  you came as a serb and became a bosnian whats wrong with that ? 
  that 's the most insane thing i have ever heard - there is the assimilation argument with immigrants but never with the indigenous population . 
  you do realise they did n't ` come ' anywhere - they were there long before muslims were there . 
  let 's take the uk , there are people who are welsh by ethnicity , and british by nationality - they are both welsh and british . 
   if you dont want to assimilate with the country your living in you should leave . 
  there is nothing to assimilate too , * they are the native culture of the country * . 
  because bosnian is a nationality - croat , serb and bosniak/muslim are an ethnicity . 
  plenty of people call themselves bosnian serbs . 
   however if your such a patriot and you dont want to be considered bosnian then why dont you just leave to your country ? 
  because they 're in their country - why should they leave the land they 're native to because of your bigotry against them ? 
  it 's not like they immigrated there and are causing problems , they are just as native to bosnia as you and have always been there . 
  yes , i know that but it 's their country just as much as yours . 
  they are the relatives of people who did n't convert . 
  croat and serb identity are inextricably tied to religion . 
  serbs are orthodox , and croats are catholic . 
  these are not just nationalities , they are ethnic groups . 
  they are indigenous to the region of bosnia and they have no reason to leave their home . 
  christians ( so serbs and croats ) were living in the region called bosnia before muslims were , so why should they leave ? 
  that 's like me saying that all the catholics should leave northern ireland - yes they 're a source of frustration for unionists/protestants like me at times but this is their home just as it is mine . 
  but germany is not a place that people leave , but a place many people immigrate too . 
  a win would be to win the largest share of the vote - so if they got 33 % and the next party got 27 % they would be the winners and their leader wouls become pm but they would have to form a coalition . 
   nope . 
  you are completely wrong and there was no tension even at the british colonial era , until people get sick of the british rule and britain went with her own ways . 
  turkish and greek ethnic tensions were n't from us . 
  they existed for long before that - that 's why greeks fought a war against the turks for independence ...  from whom ? 
  well turkey will never invade the rest of the island since we are there ...  and why should we love the fact that uk is free to bomb every nation that it likes to bomb from our island why should you even care ? 
   because that bases are not on the lands and they 're not territories but just some sets of data on some british computers ? 
  no it 's definitely real but you 're acting as if the royal army is a malevolent occupying force, 
   britain 's divide and rule policies mate ; so the british made turks and greeks hate each other ? 
  funny , i thought those tensions existed long before into ottoman times ... you should love the fact that you 're protected , we are n't holding land on cyprus we have a base . 
  that was the most bitter and melodramatic thing i have ever read . 
  if we leave you will become a turkish province . 
  this is complete insanity . 
  the war is over , let the old man die in peace . 
  i 'm sure there is a legal way to do it - call them a neighbourhood watch group etc, 
   do you realize how many people get drunk in america and wake up in jail ? 
  do you realise that we have our own degenerate drunks to deal with ? 
  even if they win an election , i assume that no other party will work with them and thus have to government from a minority which will lead to them being ousted in 10 minutes . 
  alternatively the parties opposing sd may even become a joint electoral list to keep them out . 
  unless they can get an absolute majority they 're screwed . 
  and ... ? 
  why should we trust someone who could n't follow the law to come here and follow the law . 
  even if you personally disagree with the law , breaking it demonstrates that a person is irresponsible and has no respect for authority - exactly the kind of person we 've too much of . 
  at least here in northern ireland and the rest of the united kingdom . 
  that 's all fine and well but should we be encouraging foreign criminals to move here ? 
  outside of asylum laws which are far too lenient - our immigration laws are quite strict for people outside of the eu . 
  most immigrants to this country ( the uk ) come via asylum , family unification , and eu migration - outside of this you need to be a skilled worker and i doubt this person has a useful skill since he is a criminal . 
   maybe he lives in the wrong state and got caught with few joints in his pocket . 
  and what makes you think i want any more drug users here than we already have ? 
  nobody is giving you a visa to immigrate to a country while you have an open criminal case , we have enough of our own trash to deal with to be honest . 
  i do n't think your case officer would allow that either . 
  what makes you think that a convicted criminal is a desired new edition to our societies ? 
  perhaps the most diplomatic way to handle this to please both sides would be to simply remove the monuments without destroying them - and give them to the russian government ? 
  that way polish people do n't have to look at them or have them on their land , and russian people do n't feel that monuments are being desecrated ? 
  destroying them seems childish . 
  the two biggest parties here are christian parties and would use the petition of concern to block that kind of legislation - since the court did not rule that infanticide on demand is part of human rights then that will be passed without issue . 
  the chicken egg that you eat is * not fertilised * . 
  you have no argument so you 're just being vulgar , there is no reason to go on with this conversation . 
   a fertilized egg ca n't think , feel , love , create art , paint a picture , drive a tank , murder a child , fuck a donkey , pilot a spaceship , build a large-hadron-collider , win the world cup , file for bankruptcy or usher on the singularity . 
  but it is ** actively ** in the process of becoming something that can do those things . 
  i do n't see how conception is an arbitrary line ? 
  it 's when the foetus begins being a living thing . 
  i 've been quite constant . 
  life begins at conception . 
  is that supposed to be funny ? 
  that 's like saying there is no difference between making an egg sandwich and slaughtering a chicken . 
  one is alive and one * has the potential to be alive but has not had life brought into it * . 
  false equivalency . 
  you 're not squirting out fertilised eggs . 
  no but i do get upset when i think of all the precious lives lost and think about the fact that so many people who could 've greatly improved society never got to exist in the name of ` choice ' . 
  all that the united states does in europe is to show force to russia - it 's not even a partisan issue . 
  * sigh * what an absolute mess . 
  what a disgusting spit in the faces of the victims and their loved ones . 
  the united states would not a balk at a chance to prominently display their ego at russia . 
  i 'm not agreeing with you at all that this is a good thing , it 's not for me but it 's just less horrific than it could be . 
  their internal politics and emotional arguments have no place in these kind of discussions . 
  the city where he was hiding at first was on lock down . 
  in this instance i would hope that all the borders of the eu frontier are guarded , if not then than is incompetence and a direct danger to the life of every eu citizen . 
  there was a manhunt for this man , he had to have been helped . 
  i come from a place where terror was an every day fact of life for many years . 
  it 's horrific and destroys lives . 
  an inquiry needs to be done because the only way this man could 've not only gotten out of brussels but out of belgium , the eu and the continent of europe is through sheer incompetence or a traitor on the inside . 
  that is a problem that must be dealt with . 
  there needs to be a huge inquiry . 
  this is unacceptable and i feel unsafe . 
  how in the hell did he not only skip town but get all the way to syria ? 
  do we have that many leaks in this ship called the eu ?
