  they could sit back and do nothing and america would still come to their rescue because they 're right up against russia . 
   ah , the great irish - pardon - british wisdom strikes again are you trying to stir things up ? 
  saying things like the above cause a lot of problems for people have some respect . 
  nato is not the eu first of all , and i do n't see how troops in mali can contribute to european security . 
  their interests are best served contributing more to their defence . 
  france is obligated to stand with lithuania as they are in nato in the case of invasion although french help or not would be irrelevant as that would be handled by america . 
  it just seems like a big waste . 
  if i was a lithuanian soldier i would n't want to risk my life in mali for france . 
  autocracy would assume that his party was not elected ( it was , overwhelmingly ) and that he is not popular in hungary ... 
  made me think of a bad joke . . 
  why ? 
  [ this style works well for the mediterranean i think ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/murcia_cathedral.jpg ), 
  well yes , they have - they are emulating the original islamic empire of the prophet mohammed . 
  so you 're saying that salafism did not develop from islam but is our fault ? 
  the principles of the islamic faith are the main cause of isil , yes there were environmental factors but the ideology is part of a continuum of thought started with mohammed and built upon by wahhab and qutb, 
   switzerland will use a `` safeguard clause '' that will take effect if immigration reaches a certain threshold , the government in bern said in a statement on friday . 
  it will seek a solution acceptable to the eu , yet will implement the restrictions unilaterally if no mutual agreement can be reached . 
  i think this is a proper course of action . 
  should n't they be defending their border with russia - is n't that more important to lithuanian national interest ? 
  why get involved in the gigantic mess in africa when you 've no stake in the region ? 
  speak to your child in your native language at home that way they wo n't learn the language of the country you live in with a foreign accent . 
  if the parents speak two different languages let each parent speak to the child in their native language ( portuguese dad speaks portuguese , german mummy speaks german ) and then choose the language both parents are fluent in to communicate as a family . 
  they will pick up the outside language perfectly ( if you teach them basic communication of course ) when they start school . 
  no real desire too , tbh . 
  and then they built their wall . 
  in english , saying someone is ` an example of ' in this context is saying ` this is what should be emulated ' , hungary is better than bulgaria on this front as bulgaria has had several breaches . 
  hungary is a better example mister pm . 
  appropriate name, 
  good for them , the patriot act in america is a piece of legislation that - while controversial - was worth it . 
  so they are poor and desperate refugees that have time and money get tattoos before they leave ? 
  i do n't remember many photos of bosniaks getting tattoos while they were fleeing the serb army ... or jews getting tattoos as they fled germany ... 
   that 's because that style is long out of fashion . 
  aesthetic styles are very much tied to their respective time periods . 
  we do n't do baroque anymore because it 's not the counter-reformation any more ( for example ) . 
  well style is usually something that is built on over time . 
  you can look at buildings from different time periods in europe and see continuity - modernist architecture seems to seek only to destroy notions of beauty not develop upon them . 
  there is nothing beautiful about flat surfaces and sharp lines . 
   and i would rather see little britain fuck off and leave the eu alone than trying to destroy it for the rest of us out of spite . 
  okay , that 's fine . 
  i would prefer to see the eu go the way of prussia or the soviet union but as long as i do n't live inside of it , it does n't matter . 
  you do realise that 's all we every voted for in the 1970s , was a trade bloc . 
  the eu is a cancerous institution to me , and anything to actively undermine it - to actively undermine europe even if it hurts the continent - is something i support . 
  the eu is bad simply because the idea of foreign people ruling over you makes you no better than a colony . 
  we wo n't . 
  but it would still be a trade bloc which is what we voted for anyhow ... 
  how about no ? 
  how about germany or spain or wherever can prioritise their citizens for benefits and we can prioritise ours since a government 's primary responsibility is to look after their citizens . 
  i would never support * another * european institution being created . 
  no , not necessarily better at all . 
  but this is britain - so it stands to logic that british citizens should be prioritised in britain because this is our country foremost . 
  i have no issue on a personal level with there being restrictions on claiming benefit for newly returned british citizens who have n't paid in - but to make that a condition of renegotiation is not acceptable . 
  one is our own , another is foreigners - of course there should be two separate standards because those are * our * benefits in * our * country . 
   st. albans was under the impression this is just an affluent town in the london commuter belt - what is to see there i 'm genuinely curious ? 
  yes , of course styles change and develop but they were also mostly improvements on each other , building as time went on . 
  post war architecture it seems has tried to distance itself from traditional notions of architectural beauty and instead seeks to be as vanguard as possible . 
  it feels dead and unnatural with the sharp edges and flat surfaces and when you have a whole city full of it , it feels less . . inhabitable . 
  i would definitely like to see a revival in the more classic styles simply adapted to modern needs . 
  well of course real estate is always location - but to actually build something it is less labour intensive to do it the modern style . 
  well time does n't change what 's beautiful and what 's ugly, 
  i have always seen the anglosphere as one civilisation distinct from the continent . 
  the legal system is different , the approach to government and economy is different etc. 
  and * we are not secular like france at all * . 
  we have a church supported by the state in which the monarch is supreme governor of . 
  we are more similar to canada than to holland . 
  i never said they did n't have an affect on the culture ( although thanksgiving was created by the pilgrims , just using indian foodstuffs ) but we are talking about the built environment which is largely british influended - how many wig wams and long houses do you see ? 
  not many . 
  so what you 're saying is that we have some obligation to spread the freedom around ? 
  that 's insane and not how geopolitics work . 
  we are n't going into syria because the islamic state is evil just like we did n't declare war on germany because they were evil . 
  both were/are simply because they 're a threat to national ( my case , british ) interests . 
  we have no obligation to improve their quality of life , whomever we install there will probably be just as bad to the syrian people but he will serve our interests and that 's what matters . 
  you sound like an idealist , and that 's great but it 's not reality my good friend . 
  the indians had very little role in shaping the built environment in colonial america . 
  perhaps it want uncertainty but a desire for more sovereignty - perhaps the danish people are certain that they want more control of their affairs because they are unhappy with the eu . 
  so what you 're saying is that because our system has some undemocratic elements we should accept another layer of it ? 
  williamsburg was built by british colonists in 1632 , long before the idea of america being a seperate entity from us culturally was even a thought . 
  williamsburg was built by englishmen in the style that was popular at that time in the uk adapted to the landscape of virginia . 
  oh well in london you wo n't feel like an outsider being foreign - half the city is from somewhere else it seems . 
  if you want more ` traditional england ' i suggest you take a day trip out of london - i went to oxfordshire once and it was quite nice . 
  i 'm from northern ireland so i 'm almost like a tourist in that region too . 
  i hope you enjoy yourself in our lovely country !, 
  cheers !, 
  then you should really open a book . 
   ok , you could have just said that you 're scottish . 
  no , my ancestors were scottish - i 'm an ulsterman . 
  of course america has influenced ** the uk ** , but when you are talking about 18th and 19th architectural styles it is us who influenced you . 
  it was n't until the 20th century when american cultural influence became prominent . 
  i can only speak for the uk - you 're not going to have much culture shock really , we may be a bit more reserved . 
  as for tipping , i usually just round up ( if the bill is # 17.50 i will leave # 20 ) and if you 're in a really nice place it 's customary to leave something if the service was good but unlike america it 's not an imperative because we pay workers the same - not a reduced wage that factors tips in . 
  however , this country is a big place - there are vast differences between london and manchester and glasgow and belfast for instance so where are you going ? 
  he must be ... * i hope he is * . 
  i do n't think that there is such a style as scottish style coffee , but how is that relevant to the statement you 're replying to ? 
  it is more costly to find craftsmen to do the work to get the same quality that older buildings have - mass produced is cheaper . 
  [ about 15 years according to some ] ( http://www.abo.net/oilportal/topic/view.do?contentid=2000557 ) but i think that 's a bit fatalistic , certainly before i 'm an old man they will run out . 
  objectively , starbucks coffee is too bitter and egregiously overpriced - mcdonalds has good coffee though . 
  i had cuban coffee the other day when i was in belfast , it was quite good - but i still prefer my coffee to come from a glass jar titled ` nescaf\u00e9 instant ' like a good british boy . 
  because england is a constituent nation of the uk . 
  you are just trolling at this point . 
  also , i do n't live in ireland , nor did i mention it - i said in northern ireland which is as british as london . 
  there is heavy irish influence in the northeastern part of the states but it is n't as heavily reflected the built environment because the irish came to america in large numbers after it had been well established .
