  i live in ulster which spans two seperate nations . 
   in france , and i 'm wiling to bet in most of the world , economic courses at high school and university are right-wing liberal and capitalist propaganda disguised as science and left-wing economics are mostly marginalized or ignored . 
  what planet do you live on ? 
  that is not true at all . 
   what do you say about that kind of indoctrination ? 
  should we also not teach economics at all because it 's also matter of opinion ? 
  no , but we should cover marxism and capitalism and all the other philosophy in tandem . 
  just like when you teach world religion you teach all impartially . 
   if you dare tell me economy is a science so it 's normal to teach right wing propaganda , what 's stopping me from saying feminists ideas are backed by scientific facts , because they are , so it should also be taught in school ? 
  economics are not taught as right wing propaganda at all though , i 'm in uni now ( which is different from going to school as a kid ) and economics all lean far to the left in my courses - people like keynes for instance . 
  how is feminism based on scientific fact ? 
  the fact that calling the genders equal ? 
  that 's called egalitarianism - egalitarianism was a feminist issue 70 years ago . 
  the patriarchy is an opinion , the gender pay gap has been disproven . 
   no , like i said , we decide as a society what and where we teach things . 
  it has nothing to do with science and everything to do with the society we want to shape . 
  perhaps that is your view - but schools are for learning not indoctrination . 
  i 'm so glad that i live in northern ireland where schools are segregated mostly and this kind of thing would n't ever be acceptable . 
   property is not intrinsic , it only exists in relation to society and society determines the rules . 
  the right to private proposer is a basic human right . 
  it is something that many people died for . 
   are you telling me the uk is anarchocapitalist ? 
  are you really equating believing in the free market with being an ancap ? 
  i believe in a small state not no state . 
  if you want to talk about `` european values '' my economic philosophy comes from austria . 
   it 's just as much a welfare state as any other european country . 
  unfortunately the state is much too large here but we have the most economic freedom of any eu nation besides southern ireland . 
   your nationalism is made very clear by your flair . 
  where i come from nationalism means irish republicanism . 
  i did n't know having pride in your flag and country makes you some kind of evil . 
   i was talking about the general deterioration of this sub . 
  what 's deteriorated ? 
  that we all are not eu federalists who love socialism !? 
  you 're really comparing indoctrinating youth to paying taxes ? 
  why even have children if you ca n't raise them the way you want ? 
  teaching the equality of the sexes , that we are equal human beings deserving of respect is facf . 
  women and men are not inferior to each other . 
  the patriarchy is pure opinion , like teaching kids about jesus in school . 
  the gender pay gap is a debunked theory . 
  no place in school . 
  theft is taking something that is not yours . 
  there is also a big difference between paying tax for the roads and communism - having the things you worked hard for expropriated from you . 
  communism is n't any kind of essentially european value unless kiev in the 60s is your standard . 
  left wingers usually get mad when someone disagrees with them , which is why the gulags existed . 
  for the record i never talk about european values because i 'm not european - i am a british person from northern ireland , and the values that made this this country great are the fact that everyone had an equal shot to be successful via their own hard work because of the free market . 
   it 's not a question of science , it 's a question of beliefs . 
  what beliefs do we as a society think we should teach our children ? 
  which should be taught by school , which should be taught by families , which should be taught by the social environment ? 
  the only things taught in school should be things unquestionably known to be true . 
  ottawa is canada 's capital , the earth is 70 % water etc. 
   we decided that we believed in evolution and that schools should teach that beliefs . 
  in the world , mostly , we decided that gender relations should be taught ( or more often not taught at all ) by families and social environment . 
  we did n't decide about evolution - it 's an established fact supported by science . 
  feminism is an opinion . 
  i 'm an anti-feminist , i believe in egalitarianism . 
  i do n't believe that ` the patriarchy ' is anything that is real , or that the disproven pay gap is real etc. 
  values like this belong in the home - not in taxpayer supported schools . 
  when you take someone 's wealth and redistribute it , that is theft - yes . 
  communism is for thieving , slimy , ` worthless people who can not make themselves successful so they steal from others . 
  the old feminists like emmeline parkhurst were , perhaps but modern feminism is all about ` the patriarchy ' , ` male privelege ' and other fake concepts like the pay gap . 
  it is all ideological bullshit . 
  schools are not indoctrination centres - you send your child to school to learn maths and reading and chemistry etc. 
  if a parent wants to raise their child to be ' a bigot ' in any way , that is their right - just like it is every parents choice to raise their kid catholic or protestant or muslim etc. 
  and the only homosexuals who face constant bigotry are the ones who make who they like sexually a central part of their identity . 
  that 's less because they 're gay and more because they 're odd . 
  that is beautiful !, 
  it looks like an ancient city !, 
  established science is not the same as propaganda !, 
  the ` need for feminism ' is wholly subjective . 
  yes it is . 
  it 's an arrogant statement not grounded in reality . 
  yes , we actually should . 
  as a gay person i think ` lgbt acceptance ' is something you learn ( or do n't learn ) from your parents . 
  feminism is not a civil right . 
  egalitarianism is not feminism . 
  men and women are equal but that has nothing to do with modern feminism . 
  i consider myself anti feminist because modern feminism is a complete farce . 
  banter is one thing but those things have cause violence here in my part of the uk, 
  the lift, 
  still i think it 's inappropriate . 
  gender equality is not the same thing as 3rd wave feminism . 
  the genders are equal , when my mum was a teenager the two most powerful people in the country were margaret thatcher and the queen . 
  feminism in its classical sense is now a 3rd world issue . 
  i 've always wondered why the modern far left are such putin fans , is it just the history ? 
  or is it because putin is unabashedly anti-western ? 
  it does n't make sense otherwise because russia today is not communist at all . 
  so is his party actual communists that want to go back to soviet days or are they just social democrats who call themselves communists ? 
  a communist and a thief ? 
  colour me shocked !, 
  well he was our pm for over a decade and was important in our history , most elder statesman get treated this way . 
  he 's pretty much universally hated by tories like me and by labour members, 
   ulster is in the ireland by the way , so being called ulster scots , is technically the same , by the terms of geography , with northern-irish scots , and of course irish scots . 
  although , well , i can understand the thing with the word `` irish '' . 
  and canada is in north america , and southern ukraine like crimea , odessa and novorossiya were historically russian but you would n't call those people american or russian . 
  a lot of russian trolls like to call ukrainians the same as russians and denigrate their identity . 
  a lot of irish republicans and their supporters like to call unionists ( not loyalist - there is a difference ) irish , when it is an insult to their identity , culture , religion , language and heritage . 
   whoa , i better stop . 
  i may cause a lot of problems for people ( ! ), 
  it 's disrespectful , like calling a ukrainian russian . 
   this is generally well perceived in the international community , and may aid their cause in the future , if needed .
