  our treaty obligations have no numbers attached to them . 
   in other words its leaving people to die under crazy dictators and jihadists groups because your economy would be damaged and its not even really a big strike . 
  how would it benefit us though ? 
  how would it grow the economy and benefit our infrastructure  if a country like turkey can look after 3 million refugees , richer eu countries than turkey easly could do the same . 
  turkey is not doing well , and that 's their fault for ` biting off more than they can chew ' . 
  they made a bad decision and they 're paying for it , and that 's their government 's fault . 
  by saying we ` could easily do the same ' you 're putting a moral imperative on what is essentially a race to the bottom . 
  we could easily do lots of things but would they be beneficial to our country and infrastructure ? 
  if not then we should n't do them . 
  emotional appeals are best reserved for interpersonal relations not national policies . 
  you must sometimes do things that are n't very warm and loving for the benefit of the country . 
   they are people not a burden . 
  they are people that are a financial burden . 
  i 'm thinking purely in how this can benefit my country - improve the economy and infrastructure - all fact based empirical evidence thus far has suggested that non-eea migrants and especially asylum seekers are a net drain to these . 
  appeals to emotion are irrelevant and no way to properly run a country . 
  also , i 'm from northern ireland - we went through a protracted conflict which could be called a war . 
  i 'm too young to remember the worst of it but everyone here has a direct relation to the conflict in some way including myself . 
  i 'm not unsympathetic , but again sympathy is a subjective emotion and you should not conduct national policy on emotion . 
   no , pensions - no matter what system you take , are always relying on the productivity and generation of wealth by the currently working people . 
  yes , the pension system is a ponzi scheme but it is not free . 
  i am paying my grandmothers pension right now , and my grandchildren will pay mine etc. 
  you are simply being paid back with interest for what you 've paid in , it 's not charity . 
   this is a moral judgement no , it is n't . 
  there are empirical measures of what is a good and bad economy . 
   i think they might that 's not good enough . 
  i think the sky might turn purple tomorrow . 
  i want empirical , fact based arguments . 
   how can taking care of elderly and sick improve the economy we are n't taking care of them for free . 
  pensioners pay into the national insurance , people pay into the nhs . 
   what 's a bettering of the economy is a highly ethical question no , it really is n't . 
  you can definitively say that germany has a good economy and greece has a bad economy . 
  it 's about economic growth , job creation , lack of debt etc. 
  you 're now making ` what if ' statements . 
  i want facts , numbers etc. 
  these are all things that can be measured . 
  the onus is on you to show me from an empirical and definitive standpoint . 
  annnddd , you 've nothing . 
  we can simply stop accepting them at our borders , either as a union or as individual countries - do n't let them enter our territories . 
  you 're being inane now . 
  i 'm not whiney and scared at all , i 'm practical . 
  if it will be a net benefit demonstrably i concede as i said . 
  i am willing to take syrians who have recognised medical qualifications , engineers etc. 
  i am not willing to take something that will be a burden on my economy and my public services . 
  for the record , most of the mines are closed and if they reopen the lines of unemployed british miners to take those jobs would stretch from hull to bristol , and we do n't have carribean holdings - we have overseas territories that are fully self governing and ** want ** to remain overseas territories . 
  you ca n't turn refugees away from their first safe country of entrance , this is true . 
  however unless they take a boat here directly from syria * my country * is never the first safe country they enter . 
  you could call them that , but you would be wrong . 
  pensions do not negatively affect the economy because it is not free money , it has been paid into . 
  my position is based purely on the tangible benefits of unskilled non-eea immigration to our economy and infrastructure of which there is none . 
  there is tangible negative actually . 
  so you 're saying that syrians - many of whom are unskilled and illiterate can run the nhs , even when studies have demonstrated the non-eea migrants are a net drain on the economy and have higher rates of unemployment and welfare dependence than the native population and eea migrants ? 
  most of that cheap labour we exploit is from eastern europe these days . 
  i am not opposed to taking in doctors , nurses , engineers etc from syria at all . 
  the question is how many of the refugees are skilled workers and how many are a net drain, 
  your constitution places no upper limit on refugees , international law is completely silent in regards to numbers so therefore a country can take 1 migrant and be in total compliance with international law . 
  and this makes it our responsibility how ? 
  because it 's ` the right thing to do ' ? 
  that does n't matter to me at all . 
  how can it help the economy ? 
  how can it help our infrastructure and public services ? 
  if someone can answer those questions i concede . 
  the morals , or some concept of the ` right and proper thing to do ' means nothing at all . 
  i asked the questions already - the only two questions that matter . 
  how can taking refugees improve the economy ? 
  how can taking refugees improve our infrastructure ? 
  these are things that can be measured without ethics . 
  it is not a legal obligation to take in an unlimited number , for all of the countries that are n't germany and do n't have it written into their constitution ( for the record , the uk has no constitution ) - so therefore after we have taken in what we deem our share ( which could be 1 or 1m ) it is charity . 
  we are talking about the cost of taking care of them now though , while they are being supported by the state they are not generating wealth and going by statistics of immigrants already in the eu they have high rates of benefits usage and unemployment so they are also not generating wealth . 
   sick and old people are also a burden . 
  that 's not an argument , and in no way realist like you claim it to be . 
  this is an ethical decision . 
  they 're also our citizens , and in the case of the elderly they 've paid into the system . 
  i did n't ask how you personally benefit . 
  i 'm not asking about your feelings , your feelings are irrelevant . 
  you 're giving me more moral arguments . 
  i will ask again , any tangible and objective arguments that appeal to reason and not just moralising and holocaust guilt ? 
  if i controlled the economy i would create economic opportunity for poor people via the free market which has lifted millions out of poverty , but i do n't unfortunately - so i am working with what we have and saying that if i have to pay tax i would rather my tax help british citizens in need first and the rest of europe second . 
  when it does not have a net benefit to the country financially and is actually a burden that is by definition irresponsible . 
  i have * tonnes * of intelligence . 
  i was using an example . 
  i think for my country the united kingdom of gb & ni - which is where i am most concerned - 10k is an acceptable number of people if they 're all families and prioritised from oppressed minorities . 
  what i was saying is that we are under no obligation as per geneva or dublin to take a specific amount . 
  so it is all an appeal to emotion and moral imperatives ? 
  i 'm sorry , but emotionally based arguments hold no water and moral imperatives are subjective and have no place in responsible governance . 
  we wo n't . 
  the law does not set an upper limit but it also does not set a minimum , like i said we could take 3 people from aleppo and have our geneva obligations fulfilled . 
   the law see above  morality moral imperatives have no place in good governance . 
  it 's an analogy . 
  this should be something entirely voluntary but it 's being made into an imperative . 
  you 're appealing entirely to emotion and moral imperatives which is meaningless . 
  this is just one more reason to vote ` out ' . 
  i think the british terrorism needs to be handled by mi5 , german by the bnd etc etc. 
  i am not confident enough in european institutions to trust them with my safety however i do trust the mi5 . 
  that 's the same logic as catching the flu and giving it to all your workmates because it would n't be fair if only you were sick . 
  i love kids , kids are the future . 
  it 's not about being a good samaritan . 
  that 's another appeal to emotion which is meaningless to me . 
  my logic is best conveyed in an analogy . 
  you 're my mum , i ask you for # 10 . 
  you do n't want to give it to me in general , but if you must give it to me you want it spent on lunch and not on cigarettes .
