you ca n't deny that the reason we live in such a wealthy country is because we were enterprising . 
  this country was built on business and trade . 
  in this country a man can start with a thousand pounds and become a billionaire if he tries . 
  i did not know that , so let 's say a finn or a swede wanted their child to have a religious education ( by that i mean a bible education in school for people who believe in creation vs evolution for instance ) the state will pay for that ? 
  and literature of value , and history , and languages etc. 
  i just do n't think political things are the realm of state schools and yes teaching feminism without having an anti-feminist counterpoint is political . 
  okay , what ? 
  i called you naive and attacked your statement that it was selflessness that led to the interventions in the middle east . 
  i did n't even attack doing them . 
  afghanistan was necessary - pulled off badly - but necessary . 
  and no , the states is not in control of our border policies because we are led by inept morons however you can not deny that there would be less coming if it were n't for the interventions in libya ( which open up all of africa to a direct route to italy ) , or iraq which left a vacuum that got filled by wahhabists , or by encouraging the non kurdish rebels in syria which led to the creation of the islamic state . 
  i wish we would be a lot more isolationist in our policies and simply do things that are of pressing national interest . 
  defeating isil is one of those things but that wo n't happen unless us ( nato ) work with russia to stamp them out and then come to a political settlement similar to world war 2 we should join together and then divvy up the region into western , neutral , turkish and russian spheres of influence . 
  i never once attacked americans you seem insecure . 
  i love americans and america . 
  of course social services exists here but i think the purpose of that is to safeguard the physical wellbeing of a child - like beatings or rape etc. 
  as for state schools , not everyone can send their children to fee payer schools but it is still not proper imo . 
  the parents should at least have the option to have their kids be exposed to this and ask that they are able to go to another room while the subject matter in question is being taught . 
  i would not have such an issue if that was an option or along with this book they read a book with the opposing viewpoint like ` the myth of male power ' . 
  i said nothing about climate change here in this . 
  i said that unnecessary half arsed hack job wars are not good ideas . 
  climate change has no affect on the war in syria regardless of what hrh prince charles says . 
  it was caused by the ideology of islamic extremism that has always existed in that region but kept in check by a strongman - weakening that strong man allowed that to flourish . 
  so the rights of the parent to raise their children as they see fit does n't exist in scandinavia ? 
  i simply believe in freedom and limited state involvement in our lives . 
  what 's the point of reproducing there if you ca n't make choices about the values you will give your child ? 
   feminism is a civil rights movement for equality , open a dictionary . 
  and that right to be legally equal has been won . 
  there is no 21st century reason for feminism to exist . 
  3rd wave feminism is a cancer . 
   makes it ironic you oppose movements for equality as was pointed out before , given your peoples plea for equality lol . 
  simple really . 
  but once the legal equality has been attained there is no more reason for such a movement to exist . 
   i 'm curious are you opposed to black civil rights groups ? 
  or just wom in the context of the uk in the 21st century there is no need for a black civil rights group . 
  blacks came to this country legally equal and are still legally equal . 
  america is a different story but there is n't a reason for that in this day and age either . 
   how do you think you go those ? 
  from battles that have been won , * in the past * . 
  there is no reason for it in this day and age - at all !, 
  women , gays and blacks have all of their equal rights under the law now . 
  it 's over . 
  close the book . 
  move on . 
  want to talk about women 's issues ? 
  fgm is rampant in africa , as is rape . 
  want to talk about equality issues ? 
  jewish and muslim boys are mutilated as babies and nobody does a damn thing for them . 
   feminists do n't hate men , they just want special privileges over them . 
  women have been legally equal for a long time . 
   and i 'd bet money you are a mra pretending to be a homosexual given how inconsistent and hypocritical you are being . 
  i 'm not being inconsistent nor hypocritical - i do n't have to prove who i sleep with to you , and i do not identify as an mra . 
  want some more insight into my views ? 
  look up milo yiannopoulos , he 's a greek-briton gay man and anti-feminist . 
   edit : oh and there is absolutely a pay gap , not that a likely mra troll will ever accept this . 
  not for women under 40 there is n't , which means they in 20 years any vestiges of sexism will be gone as they leave the workforce . 
  can you provide a non biased source contradicting me ? 
  also , how does having a different opinion than you make me a troll ? 
  do you really believe that your words are so sacrosanct that nobody would disagree with you ? 
  to me that sounds a bit ridiculous - i think those beliefs are something that belong to the parents to teach . 
   pay gap is not fake , that is misinformation and none of the concepts you are citing are in any way `` fake '' . 
  again i invite to actually read the definition of term rather than some straw man . 
  i 've done extensive research on this !, 
  when taking into account the different careers women tend to do , the fact that they might take leave etc. 
  women under 40 have no pay gap with men in the uk . 
  the pay gap existed in the past that 's why there is a discrepancy with older women but not now . 
  would you like sources ? 
  or would you like to contradict me with sources of your own ? 
  and by sources i mean sources not a feminist website . 
  the patriarchy is not real , the claim that men have more priveleges than women is complete bs . 
  feminists do n't want equality , they want superiority . 
   since when is civil rights education and basic history indoctrination ? 
  stop embarrassing yourself . 
  feminism is n't a civil right , equality is and women have legal equality . 
   at this point i think you are pretending to be homosexual because i ca n't fathom how someone could be a huge hypocrite . 
    education is the best tool for combating bigotry , amazing a homosexual like yourself fails to see that and is threatened by it . 
  so because i have sex with men i have to fall into your far left social justice paradigm ? 
  i believe in personal liberty and the rights of the parent . 
  parents have the right to raise their kids however they want . 
   more like homosexuals are persecuted everywhere where education and civil rights movement are n't allowed to exist . 
  the gay rights movement in the west is obsolete . 
  we have our rights as human beings . 
  the only people who are persecuted anywhere in europe for being gay are the people who basically beg to be treated differently . 
   literally you are demonizing the kind of thing that prevents bigotry against you and live life unharnessed . 
  i live my life safely !, 
  i have all my legal rights !, 
  that 's all that matters at the end of the day . 
   massive hypocrite or men 's rights cringe lord is my opinion of you at this point . 
  so being an mra ( which i 'm not , i am an egalitarian ) is cringe but being a radical man hating feminists who wants to indoctrinate young children is n't ? 
  my god you 're full of yourself - what was selflessness ? 
  lying about wmds to invade iraq because saddam was going to stop trading oil in dollars ? 
  same thing with libya . 
  do you really not think the world would be better ? 
  maybe for americans since you 're protected but people in europe are suffering with this terrible migrant crisis because of what america ( and my country because of nato ) did in thay region . 
  you ca n't be so naive to think any war is selfless and that the world ( my part at least ) is a better place because we replaced secular strongmen men with anarchy and islamists . 
   the day the state comes into my house and wipes my ass is the day i stop opposing small government . 
  okay ? 
   northern ireland does n't have a flag . 
  ulster is a political statement . 
  this was the flag of northern ireland for a long time - it is also the flag of the ancient province of ulster .
