  come off it . 
  can we stop with the passive aggressive relations , neither country is going to attack each other so it 's just childish mudslinging at this point . 
  russia was wrong for violating turkish airspace , turkey was wrong for overreacting and shooting the plane out of the sky . 
  we all need to give it a rest . 
  no , you were n't - you were a british colony . 
  a lot of the settlement in the americas was from other parts of the uk - for instance southern culture especially outside of the coasts is a direct continuation of the culture from my part of the uk , northern ireland/ulster . 
  reminds me of [ 70s housing estates ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1d/trellick_tower2.jpg ) - such an ugly style , an affront to the eyes imo . 
  i know nothing about vancouver , but to me it really is a shame about the state of architecture today . 
  i do n't want to become one of those ` wrong generation ' types but in earlier days people built things with beauty and craftsmanship foremost in mind and now structures are foremost utilitarian . 
  you will never see a [ railway station like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/60/st_pancras_railway_station_2012-06-23.jpg/911px-st_pancras_railway_station_2012-06-23.jpg ) built in modern times , for instance . 
  no , my friend - i 'm saying that it is a ** british ** ( not english , i 'm not english ) style that was brought to america . 
  they did n't come to america independently , but through the uk as at that time the united states was a colony of ours and even afterwards was the main cultural influence for decades to come . 
  do you think america just sprang up ? 
  we colonised it - we sent people there , we imparted our culture and tastes etc. 
  the styles from the early days of america came across the ocean from the uk . 
  to look at a building from london and from virginia of similar age and come to the conclusion that the style was copied in this country from america means that you 've no historical context, 
  i do n't think you 're being serious - american architecture from the colonial period is just interpretations of british building style its plain to see . 
  the building on the right of the photo i posted would be called tudor style in america , where do you think tudor style architecture came from - texas ? 
  it reminds me of those 60s/70s/80s brutalist monstrosities you see a lot in english towns that lost a lot during the blitz and had housing built on a mass scale . 
  i 'm not a fan of modernist or post-modernist art or architecture , there 's something about it that i really do n't like . 
  i like the ornate styles of georgian , edwardian , victorian , even tudor architecture to the clean lines of modern architecture which seem so cold and impersonal to me . 
   18th century american architecture you do realise that 18th century american architecture was basically copycats of our established styles adapted to the american landscape , right ? 
  i hope you 're being sarcastic, 
  i do n't like it - however i 'm an architectural traditionalist and if i had my way the whole world would [ look like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f8/herbert_crescent_-_geograph.org.uk_-_645507.jpg ), 
  no , i 'm serious why, 
  d'you have a problem with ulster ? 
  not what i 'm implying at all , what i 'm saying is that our connection with france is n't more prominent ( or should n't be ) than our connection to america , or china , or south africa - it 's just another country to trade with and travel too if you get what i mean . 
  i 'm from northern ireland in the uk , i would say close to a majority of music and movies we have are from the states . 
  i like american stuff but i wish local things got more air time simply to support local culture and artists . 
  okay , we have a connection to france via artificial means - what does that mean ? 
   culturally what does the uk share culturally with the continent ? 
  different legal system . 
  different values . 
  different civilisation . 
   technically i mean , we are on the european plate . 
  but as for eu citizenship , hopefully not for much longer . 
   what an argument . 
  `` eu is dictator because we dont vote on every euro spent , but nobody dare criticize the glorious british voting system '' i 'm critical of it , i prefer pr but as a society , a nation we have n't come to the table to change it so it stays . 
  within the european system we can not come to change it as a nation because we are many nations , it feels like foreign rule . 
   `` i 'm british not european and i do n't . '', 
  nigelic cry baby . 
  what is that supposed to mean ? 
  i am genuinely not a european , i do n't live on the continent and i 've little affections for europe in general . 
  for instance , our attacking isis in syria is framed as helping france after they were attacked - that was n't convincing for me ** because the attack on france had no more emotional affect on me then an attack on baghdad ** . 
  because i feel no special connection to france , it 's just another country to me . 
   i would worry more about your shitty `` first past the post '' system , which , quite frankly , is made to destroy minority groups . 
  talking about dictates , eh , mate ? 
  that 's * our * voting system for * us * to decide on though . 
  if she was really such a desperate refugee she would have given birth in one of the other countries she passed through . 
  sorry but to keep going on when pregnant is not responsible of her and makes her seem like a fortune seeker, 
  it 's absolutely undemocratic . 
  it 's the council that has power and we do n't vote for them - additionally for states without an opt out you are bound to dictates you voted against that your people do n't want . 
  if europeans want that , fine . 
  i 'm british not european and i do n't . 
  yes we share many things - what do we share with france and germany ? 
  a history of killing each other ? 
  the european union has a lot of power but is much less accountable to the people than national governments . 
  most eu decisions are made or shaped by the eu commission which is led by unelected commissioners and run by an appointed bureaucracy . 
  the democratic element of the eu model - the european parliament - has fewer powers than a national legislature and rarely influences eu decisions . 
  turnout at european parliament elections is so low that it is difficult to proclaim its legitimacy . 
  the other key decision-making body - the european council - is secretive , often meeting behind closed doors to thrash out deals . 
  all of this demonstrates contempt for democracy and a reluctance to engage with voters . 
  very sad and all but how the hell did a pregnant yezidi woman get to estonia without passing through other safe countries ? 
  democracy is lacking in the eu, 
   it still doesnt make sense . 
  i mean it does , because they 're still contributing more . 
  but as i said - i support a flat tax , perhaps 12.5 % on amon earnings/income above # 15k regardless if it 's an individual or a business and no tax besides ni contributions ( which are capped ) below that . 
   very rich pay less taxes proportionally sure , but 20 % of 10m is not less than the standard tax rate on 40k numerically . 
  i like a flat tax . 
  money has always been and always will be in politics . 
  it 's brought america into the greatest economic power with the most opportunity on earth . 
  people who complain about ` corporate rule ' are people who are mad that they do n't have the drive to own their own large corporations . 
  that 's right - chicago school . 
  my bad , it 's late . 
  weaker unions leads to more economic growth . 
  compare between the u.s. states - union heavy states like illinois are stagnating while places like texas , georgia and florida are flourishing . 
  i 'm into austrian economics -, 
  you get the government you vote for . 
  if someone voted for * lets say * marxist-leninists , and then they got in power and established ` dictatorship of the proletariat ' that would be democratic because that is what the people voted for . 
  our taxes need to be lower but the deregulation of the economy since the 80s is a good thing and needs to continue , additionally our unions are significantly weakened but we do need more work to completely break them . 
  european is an identity . 
  i as a british person from northern ireland do n't have that identity - i feel a connection to australia , canada , america , and even some of the poorer commonwealth realms like nigeria and jamaica before i feel a connection to someone from sweden for instance . 
  russia 's population is for the most part europe but rarely will a russian talk about europe as something that they belong to . 
  constrained by all powerful unions , insane taxes and over regulation . 
  they 're not the soviet union but they are n't free markets . 
  we will , i 'm hoping for more catastrophic gaffes by eu authorities to push the fence sitters . 
  but , look at the polls - something like 30 % of british people think of themselves as european . 
  obama 's democrat government is quite internationalist , and they see us as ` their man ' inside since we are their most reliable ally in europe . 
  i am not saying we should be subservient to the states - we should emulate their economic model . 
  i doubt a republican president would make a similar statement by the way . 
  why europe wants us in astounds me . 
  we do n't have the same vision for any eu we will be in anyhow . 
  you want federalisation , we do n't for instance . 
  we want to keep the pound , stay out of schengen , keep our seat on the unsc , keep our military autonomy etc. 
  the franco - german vision of a federal europe will never work with us in the union . 
  the average uk citizen does n't see themself as european , feels little connection to the continent and a good amount actually feel contempt for continental europeans . 
  the united states is an amazing country , unhinged by lofty foreign diktats and the home of free market capitalism . 
  we should be more like them . 
  they 're not dismantling democracy - they 're putting people who subscribe to the democratically elected party 's beliefs in positions of authority which is what poles voted for . 
  it 's not good but we are still the [ fastest growing in the g7 ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/95c6322a-1f05-11e5-ab0f-6bb9974f25d0.html#axzz3tiqwvebb ) and unhindered by brussels our growth will skyrocket .
