  personally i do n't really feel it 's out of proportion when people are just amazed at the lack of a reaction ( well excluding sd 's meteoric rise from nobodies to third largest party in three elections ) but then i do n't tend to take it personally either . 
   i 'm also guessing that statement did n't really reach swedish news or did it ? 
  it did not as expected . 
  in fact it was only really published in a minority paper aimed exclusively at ethnic turk culture iirc , i only really found out about it through the internet . 
  the social democrat voters who hate sahlin does n't necessarily know about any of that ( they would never find out about it from the papers or newscasts ) they just know they despise the woman . 
  our entire media sector could n't be trusted to honestly report on the act of paint drying to be honest . 
  if she was talking about non-swedes/non-whites then sure , but the hate speech laws are n't really applied equally here . 
  some groups are * more equal * than others as orwell satirized . 
  but i doubt even a conviction would stop her or the popularity of her within her own party 's disgusting top to be honest . 
  this is the same person who unashamedly said `` if you 're a social democrat , then you think it 's cool to pay taxes . 
  for me , tax is the finest expression for what politics really is . '', 
  after she was caught with tax fraud back in the early 90s . 
  it 's worse than it seems from that post actually . 
  mona sahlin was party leader of the social democrats , our largest party , when she was spouting stuff like that . 
  ( `` it 's us the white majority who is at fault '' is another one i remember ) thankfully she brought the party down to a historically low vote . 
  people of all ages who had voted for the social democrats their entire lives said `` fuck that noise '' when she was put forward as party lead . 
  ca n't say i 've ever noticed that among regular people in any european country i 've been to . 
  it 's always some politician or other media figure , or more often figment , who gets red-assed about it . 
  christ , all of this is so reminiscent of the swedish situation in the last few years it is n't even funny . 
  you only need to replace the names and all of this could easily be talking about sweden and you would n't be able to tell . 
   without fail , declares her policies as `` without alternative '' the absolute worst thing a modern mainstream politician can do in my mind is proclaiming that there `` is no alternative '' to their proposals . 
  it is simply a blatant disgust shown for the voters and for democracy as a system . 
  strange . 
  i ca n't find where in my post i argued in favor of internet forums at all ? 
  irrespective of your strange deflective defense of them said journalist 's actions has led to the result that their profession is the least trusted out of all with only 24 % of people having any confidence in them . 
  we do the same thing . 
  `` down on the continent '' is a common way of referring to europe . 
  he speaks in platitudes mostly . 
  i wonder if these people having near-public breakdowns over more restrictive european immigrant policies , which are still hugely liberal compared to europe even just a few years ago , realize they 're essentially justifying every position of the anti-eu groupings ? 
  it 's literally all about pushing their americanized ideals \u2122 on europe 's people to them and crying whenever europe 's actual people stand opposed . 
   as special representative on migration to both the united nations and the holy see  was approached a year ago to become the pope 's special representative on migration issues . 
  and there the last bit of francis credibility on the issue of eu migration went out the window as far as i 'm concerned . 
   the un is very much against stateless people . 
  the un is wholly in favor of whatever benefits the organization itself as can be seen with it 's handling of it 's various slaver states it gave free reign over it 's human right 's council . 
  call me a cynic but i 'll bet this kind of evasive phrasing  identified so far means they have n't actually identified the man who was recorded as having crossed through leros as a refugee . 
  i 'd say it 's mainly the `` diversity '' people who do it towards east europeans . 
  here one of the best ways to get the average media-leftist to show their true bigoted self is to mention the serbs in a positive light . 
  how is it not okay for people to judge who they consider german or not ? 
  that fraud of a `` journalist historian '' arnstad prat that the media and s pushes constantly has said pretty much exactly that sort of stuff about finland . 
  yeah , i mean who wants to be in the top 4 economies of the world and have native population numbers in the realm of 127 million to 1.34 billion . 
  clearly we must import more people to prevent this great disaster from happening . 
  let 's hope it 's the latter . 
  the man 's a walking argument against even basic co-operation among states much less a serious project like the eu . 
  swedish papers are even worse than the sun on average coupled with a holier-than-thou attitude that would seem smug even among the likes of the guardian . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine a country with worse papers than ours . 
  this is the first time in my entire life that i 've heard someone say anything positive about the million program . 
  it 's commonly viewed as a major embarrassing fuckup . 
  and the `` new modern affordable homes '' are literally just various shades of concrete commie blocks . 
  architecturally speaking they 're a blight . 
  that he 'd easily get characterized as partisan because both his area of study and the funding he derives to pursue it is wholly dependent on the eu . 
  pretty much . 
  a sizeable chunk of kids also just go out to eat real food if they have the money . 
  most of the arguments seem to rely on the notion that nothing will get pushed through without the full acceptance of all member states , which is an issue as we 've seen before how those rules are n't strictly followed at all as with the pushthrough of the lisbon treaty . 
   why was this guy never on question time , etc ? 
  aside from the fact that qt is garbage it 's probably because he 's a jean monnet chair whose funding comes straight from the eu . 
  strange how he tries to portray himself as a neutral observer in the first few minutes of the video when he 's actually a [ jean monnet chair ] ( https://eacea.ec.europa.eu/erasmus-plus/actions/jean-monnet/jean-monnet-chairs_en ) eligible for upward of 50 000 euro in eu grants . 
  the picture of her lying there in three separate pieces is something i 'll never be able to forget . 
  i wonder how many people pretending to be upset about this picture being published said anything when the syrian child was plastered on every newspaper and tv channel known to man . 
  not nearly as much frothing-at-the-mouth over `` journalistic integrity '' and other fables went on back then . 
   who will join such a union ? 
  sweden and germany ? 
  i would n't bet on it . 
  our election next year is shoring up to be a competition over who can be the most immigration and economic - `` refugee '' hostile . 
  ( and the likely winners are n't exactly known for their fondness of career eucrats like schulz ), 
  pistvakt is a cultural treasure and a 110 % true representation of all northerners . 
  we 're prepared for a hojt with lennart j\u00e4hkel at any time . 
   j\u00e4garna , crime thriller set in the rural north : well it 's more like a stereotype of the american south juxtaposed on the north , it 's rather like deliverance meets mississippi burning , a hilarious take ( to us northerners anyway ) on a part of the country the director did n't have the slightest clue about . 
  decent flick though . 
  if by credible you mean knowingly lying repeatedly to suit it 's political agenda , famously over the sandviken and oecd reports , even after having been called out on it by a number of people . 
  it 's credibility is nowadays in the gutter along with tabloids like expressen and aftonbladet , in large part due to a gutter-press journalist like wolodarski taking over the paper and changing it 's editorial line to be what he calls `` agenda journalism '' or what honest people call propaganda . 
  unless you count all the people actually living there . 
  what blatant political opportunism . 
   that 's why you 're not being skeptical right now . 
  and why should i doubt a direct claim made by burg about his political ally when the same statement that puts him in a positive light in israel now makes him look horrible elsewhere ? 
   extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  i see nothing extraordinary about the claim that an anti-nation state eu-nationalist like schulz values other nation states above his own , he 's already been pushing the same line of rethoric within the eu itself for a long time . 
  ( in his own words he wants to go even farther than barroso 's call for a federation of nation states )  you have an extraordinary claim and literally one dude going a senior politician and political ally writing it out in plain text that he told him as much . 
  no doubt your feelings should take precedence over that inconvenient little fact though . 
   an israeli politician in an israeli newspaper twisting something to be pro-israel ? 
  funny tack to take . 
  i take it you think we should keep the same exact yardstick when listening to eu politicians like schulz ? 
   for an odd quote of that caliber , people want a little bit more to show for it , yes . 
  right , it 's not just that you want the politically uncomfortable citation to go away now that schulz is getting in the limelight . 
   it 's double hearsay . 
  it 's the direct statement of a senior israeli politician speaking in very fond terms of him . 
   world of difference with actual evidence . 
  feel free to call burg a liar if you want . 
  it would be far more honest than this tip-toeing around doing so and at least your ad-hominem would be targeting the actual source . 
  that is the source of the quote , from a former speaker of the knesset and interim president of israel , and is as good as any source short of schulz on video or in writing stating it . 
  if he wants to clarify it , or deny it ever happened , that 's fine . 
  i wo n't take your word for it against that of avraham burg though . 
   takes all the blame except in monetary concerns . 
   and never talks back . 
  as evinced by him blaming the nation states for the blame game unilaterally in this post when the eu is perfectly content to shift all the blame of the monetary issues , that exists to serve the federalist project , on individual states . 
   but nothing on the quote above . 
  it 's from this [ article in haaretz ] ( http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:gb3xdmxdxa0j:www.haaretz.com/opinion/.premium-1.574332+&amp;cd=6&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=uk ) by [ avraham burg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/avraham_burg ) , specifically this bit :  and fourth , martin schulz , the president of the european parliament , is a close friend of mine . 
  on most issues connected to the israeli-palestinian conflict we disagree . 
  he is closer to the israeli mainstream , and his positions resemble those of labor party chairman isaac herzog . 
  he once told me , during a frank and stern conversation , `` for me , the new germany exists only in order to ensure the existence of the state of israel and the jewish people . '', 
   there is n't actually any credible source on that , you know .
