they were the only party with a credible and consistent eurosceptic stance . 
  he 's a silly internationalist who supported the crazy greens when he still lived here so probably not . 
  from the article ( note the ridiculous use of `` we '' ) :  `` i have n't lived much in finland , no , '' he told ars . 
  `` but i follow finnish media , i go there often , i have family and friends in finland . 
  but it does n't really matter . 
  i would rather see myself as a representative of the one million finns living abroad . 
  we also need to be heard anyhow . '', 
   you got ta get out more dude . 
  i get to travel quite frequently due to work and nationality is easily one of the most common subjects you get to talk about with new people . 
  how people do things differently here vs there , what 's it like back there in general and quite a hefty dose of good-natured national stereotyping . 
  do you travel much or do you just pose as a world citizen on the internet ? 
  swedish definitely . 
  europe is always `` the continent '' in my mind and even then i like `` the continent '' and it 's curious inhabitants far more than i do self-styled `` europeans '' and their pet political project . 
   but i sort of suspect the problem is more a `` curvy bananas '' type where some small ruling somewhere has been taken totally out of context it 's more of the case of a very small but loud minority of people from the same cosmopolitan area tend to get a lot of newspaper space for their radical views because many of them are journalists . 
  generally they do n't get their laws through parliament and their craziness tends to stay in that neighbourhood though . 
   in either case , what does the swedish far-right think about women and their rights ? 
  they do n't have much of an opinion as far as gender goes beyond mentioning that they think men and women are born with different traits that in many cases complement each other in a part on their family-politics and rejecting gender quotas as discriminatory and patronizing . 
  they 're pretty mild by european standards . 
  they want to normalize our immigration intake with the rest of the eu and they think we 're too soft on violent crimes . 
  their most conservative view is wanting to lower abortions allowed to the 12th week with exceptions for medical reasons . 
  increasingly i 've come to the same conclusion . 
  it 's either that , the far-left who 've flip-flopped on the eu before or the others who are almost all radically europhile . 
  the major issue with our press is how very biased it 's reporting is combined with how extremely likeminded and divorced from the general population the people in it are . 
  even the people from the state media svt have an [ extreme overrepresentation ] ( http://politikfakta.se/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/svt_partisympatier.jpg ) for the two most extreme left-leaning parties with 70 % of the state media supporting them as opposed to 17 % of the population . 
  as far as i know most immigrants are actually a drain on the state resources . 
  the norwegians ( actually breaking it down by country ) , dutch and danish ( generally just how much money they saved on cutting it down ) states put out some numbers on it a while ago iirc . 
  the nordic countries creating a swiss-style confederation . 
  the eu returning to a simple co-operation of nation states . 
  they 're being very lenient even in cases of extreme unrepentant use of violence . 
  some 6 to 10 `` youths '' beat a 61-year old into a two-month coma ending in brain damage and blindness in one eye and even posted their smiling faces on facebook during the trial . 
  result : two of them charged with 60 respectively 100 hours of community service and a 14 thousand euro fine . 
  the lowest sentence ever handed out for a crime of it 's nature . 
  it 's why the nationalists second most important issue after immigration is the justice system . 
  the people i know do n't really trust it to do anything anymore , now that all they do is pander to extremists who believe in `` rehabilitation '' at all costs regardless of the consequences . 
  hardly surprising since scotland is about as ethnically homogeneous as japan . 
  it 's not really surprising . 
  i do n't make all that much and even then the government makes me question our tax rate every time they cut the healthcare budget and push another few billion to the migration board so they can pay off the people running migrant housing at way above market value . 
  and what 's worse , all the big names talking about `` solidarity '' in the media own shell companies to pay as little tax as possible . 
  i do n't know a single person who still labors under the delusion that there will be a state pension worth the name in another 40 years . 
  if i question what the tax rate does for me at my middling wage how do the people making tons feel about it ? 
  i see no real concrete positives for us in the north . 
  the same yearly net loss , other people 's corrupt politicians getting a say on our land and a larger government detachment from the people such as the case of the federal government in america . 
  there 's no real strong support for the eu among the population for that matter . 
  and that 's just us . 
  i think with the rest of the eu being forced into a federal state you have a recipe for another war or even several . 
   if sweden keeps its 2 pirates unlikely although i guess it could happen considering just how few people actually vote for our eu elections . 
  the pirates new party leadership more or less changed the party from a focused one led by middle-aged it people and enginers who wanted a change in copyright law into an unelectable `` we value open borders over cooperating on it issues '' greens-lite mess led by people whose highest technological merits consist of actively blogging abut lgbt issues . 
  hatred of antifa , much like neo-nazis , tends to cross party-lines in europe . 
  people to the right of revolutionary communists are fascists by our particular afa 's definition . 
  there was even an attempt to bomb a mcdonalds a couple of years ago to fight capitalist `` fascism '' . 
   and believing that violence against supporters of fascism is justified . 
  not that they keep it restricted to `` supporters of fascism '' anyway . 
   antifa and neo-nazis fight and one of them suffers permanent damage ca n't bring myself to care . 
  here they 're practically the same type of gangs . 
  they 're both cast in the same browncoat molds as far as i 'm concerned . 
  sounds like a good reason to switch provider . 
  goes both ways . 
  i 've never seen a sober adult swede harassing a woman in broad daylight yet i ca n't say the same about mena immigrants . 
  i ca n't recall hearing racial slurs against foreigners in real life either but i have heard and have had aggressive non-western immigrants on the street take to calling out '' [ insert insult here ] svenne '' . 
  i went pirate last time and while their new direction in becoming greens-lite ( complete with open border fanaticism as a `` goal '' ) under troberg has soured me on ever voting for them again i can still recommend [ christian engstr\u00f6m ] ( http://christianengstrom.wordpress.com/ ) on the eu front . 
  probably the only politician in there who did n't end up dissapointing the people who voted for him in the least . 
  he still pushes some ideas on the local-side i disagree with ( medborgarl\u00f6n ) but eu-wise he 's doing pretty okay . 
   lobbyists are n't involved . 
  representatives from companies who have been requested to give their input are . 
  but so are ngos . 
  you do n't want ngos involved in the discussions ? 
  as if there 's a practical difference between the two . 
   the only way to make good policy is to get the input from stakeholders . 
  in which case it 's doomed since the vast majority of europeans , the people who will actually end up affected by the deal , are actively excluded from it . 
   they probably have to get more than 50 % to actually get any power , right ? 
  in theory . 
  in practice the other relevant parties are bleeding core voters to them and will face rebellion in their ranks well before that . 
   but not as radical/borderline racist as sd . 
  i take it most the rest of europe are basically led by nazis by your standards then ? 
  considering sd 's goal is to get immigration rates on par with the rest of europe . 
  that 's one way to make sure sd gets an absolute majority i guess . 
  ca n't find the actual link at the moment but according to [ svt ] ( http://www.svt.se/nyheter/inrikes/sd-okar-kraftigt-hos-lo-medlemmar ) it 's tns-sifo 's april poll of lo which puts sd at 26 % with s at 36 % . 
  that 's from over a year ago . 
  according to [ the pollsters ] ( http://www.di.se/artiklar/2015/5/8/sd-stodet-okar-bland-lo-medlemmar/ ) the current lo support for sd has been over 20 % the last three months and s support has dropped to around 36 % . 
  there 's something like a 10 % -16 % difference which is amazing considering the organization itself is almost symbiotically linked to s. 
   is ` working class ' opinion in sweden different ? 
  not really . 
  sd is the second largest party in the huge blue-collar union [ lo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_trade_union_confederation ) despite the fact that lo is practically another arm of the social democrats . 
  claims by attention whores about as credible as the princess diana conspiracy theories . 
  there 's been similar stuff our media has made up for ages like how he hung out with neo-nazis and widely-published photoshopped pictures they bought off petty criminals . 
  it 's ridiculous really . 
  england has the shy tory factor does n't it ? 
  we 've had the ceo from one of our polling agencies claim , with some credibility in my opinion , that sd voters actively distrust pollsters enough that they either wo n't speak with them at all or simply claim to vote for someone else which is why their estimates had been several percent below the actual election results more than once . 
   anti-feminist and politician in sweden is very much like atheist and politician in the us . 
  not really , a significant chunk of the moderates are non-feminists , kd probably does n't have one voter who self-identifies as feminist ( particularly with their recent conservative turn ) and sd has consistently said they 're not pretty much every time someone asks them . 
  it has n't hurt any of them in the long run . 
  it 's in my opinion mainly the metropolitan wings of v , s and mp who obsess over feminism . 
   the fuck is `` feminist foreign policy '' supposed to mean ? 
  mainly that the social democrats could n't justify renewing the weapon deals with saudi arabia to their image-concerned coalition members and since those were liable to make a fuss they could n't sneak it past their own voters either so they 're trying to pass it off as a ` principled stand ' against those third world dictatorships . 
  somewhat more funny is that the nationalists , the only party who as a whole outright denies they 're feminists , are entirely behind them on not dealing with the saudis . 
  never happened . 
  it goes swedish -  scandinavian -  nordic . 
  to be a bit uncharitable about the whole deal it seems to mostly be a thing with people who do n't identify with their own nations and are keen on co-opting the few bits they like from everyone else 's . 
   sometimes it seems like a popularity contest on who hates sweden and native swedes the most , but i guess a lot of it is blown out of proportion aswell . 
  depends on your viewpoint i suppose .
