hangul has only 24 alphabets . 
  2 less alphabets than english alphabet . 
  did you try to learn it on your own ? 
  and how did you do that ? 
  it would be quite mistery if you could n't learn it in 1 hour . 
  and no , you are not and you wont be . 
  nice . 
  your promotion is so promising . 
  you can the most welcoming person in germany . 
  lmu ( munich ) , university of cologne , humboldt university of berlin or frankfurt school of finance & management are top class for the economy , i think . 
  they require testdaf or dsh certificate . 
  no they are not . 
  compare to american federal state , bundesland has almost no power to make any laws . 
  ofc they can change some criminal codes and administrative procedure , education acts . 
  also we dont have governor . 
  government of bundesland is a just small version of federal government , parliamentary cabinet system without upper house . 
  all european countries can do : nothing . 
  then complaing about why there is so many refugees . 
  read the history !, 
  georgia !, 
  ukraine !, 
  we did nothing . 
  are you saying that db machines in munich require no pin ? 
  really ? 
  shocking . 
  you could find lot 's of anti-american sentiment mostly in formal east-germany . 
  but after obama , almost everybody loves usa now . 
  this can be changed if trump bacomes next president . 
  there is no anti-chinese sentiment , yet . 
  maybe some racist joke . 
  anti-russian sentiment is uprising . 
  russian anti-lgbt policy and cream conflict are on going thing . 
  you can always ask if you can pay with credit card before purchase anything . 
  mostly the counter would ask you only an autograph . 
  with machines ? 
  you need pin , 100 % . 
  cab driver wont accept credit card in europe . 
  i dont understand how you didnt get a pin ??!, 
  so anybody can use your card if they could have it ? 
  how do you withdraw your cash with your credit card ? 
  dont you put any pin ?? 
  but be careful in uk after brexit ... 
  you can buy tickets from the counter . 
  1 . coup on friday night . 
  2 . advertising their coup on tv live show even before taking a real control . 
  0 government politician arresting 4 . 
  0 government building capturing 5 . blocking most treffic bridge at 20:00 in istanbul 6 . 
  erdogan did n't land on ankara ( capitol ) . 
  instead , he landed on istanbul airport which was bombed by terrorist several days ago . 
  other intelligence service is irrelevant here . 
  even they have multiple evidences , they would not open it to the publicity . 
  also you are not thinking about how the media works in turkey . 
  this is way too late to be a ` trend ' . . brexiters ' wet dream has gone . 
  moveable types were already invented in east asia before 1200s . 
  both wood and metal . 
  what is your point ? 
  you are just echoing my first words . 
  did i reject some facts ? 
  or did i faultify something ? 
  weird way to downvote someone . 
  chinese claimes their ancient seal and stamp was the first printing ever in human history . 
  that 's why many experts are doupting their claims . 
  however korean was the first nation who printed books with wooden and metal type . 
  also they invented the first movable metal type . 
  actually the print was invented in eastern asia ( korea and china ) . 
  what germany did was importing their technology and making the printing process much easier with the press . 
  the video 's subtitle says the ` nationality of the people are unknown ' . 
  so please tell me , how did you know that they are german ? 
  so did not the republic of turkey or republic of russia . 
  bundesrepublic deutschland was also not completed until the reunification . 
  this whole map has different standard on each countries . 
  bs map . 
  there were also danish and norman . 
  and now german kings and queens !, 
  in fact , hi discrimination policy is beyond lame . 
  because donald trump discriminate against lgbts ? 
  do you even read news or do your country censor everything about gay ? 
   the rising sun flag is historical this is why korean and chinese do n't teach about swastika banner . 
  almost nobody in europe do give a 0 shit about the dangerous meaning of the ` rising sun flag ' . 
  this numb guy here are the alive evidence that lot 's of wapeniacs are finding the japanese facism ` cool ' . 
   rising sun flag this is why korean and chinese do n't teach about nazi . 
  since nobody in europe do care about the ` rising sun flag ' . 
  thid numb guy here are the strong evidence that lot 's of wapeniacs are in fond of japanese facism . 
  then tell me , where your ` old institutions ' come from . 
  is it the roman civil law ? 
  or the assyrian law ? 
  you know , one of them allows you same sex marriage since 4500 years ago and other law wo n't give a shit since you are not a roman citizen . 
  is your old institution a slave marriage ? 
  well , slovenia was so close to legalize same sex marriage before . 
  ` old institutions ' ? 
  did you even read bible , lad ? 
  do you know that your ` old institutions ' includes rape marriage and polygamy ? 
  lol . 
  how about they give it back to korea and close the deal . 
  no more fight and happy ending . 
  well , they could have thought that korean is better alliance than italian . 
  lol . 
  after all , korean have a huge defence industry and needs . 
  wow . . just , wow . 
  this is just nazi 's anti-semitistic propaganda , if you change refugees to jewish .
