  i wonder what this type of people , who made such a garbage , are thinking about nazis ' poland invasion . 
  local government itself is established by members of state parliament . 
  and they are indeed directly elected . 
  i said they are not part of federal government . 
  sigh , there is no wonder how you guys are so fond of distrution of democracy . 
  you guys have no clue about democratic system . 
  democray is dying with their applause . 
  keep blaming eu or germany . 
  that does n't make the dirt look like a diamond . 
  bundesrat ( the federal council ) is a upper house of german legistrative . 
  the member of the bundesrat is given by local state ( bundesland ) government which is directly elected by people with state parliament election ( landtagswahl ) . 
  and the state governments are not part of the federal government . 
  fully authoritarian ? ... 
  since when do we have a government controlled puppet media and court ? 
  are we fear-mongering our own people against the eu and refugees ? 
  at least we investigate the multiple catholic involved sexual assault cases . 
  seriously ?? . . 
  what about women and lgbt rights on their aspect ? 
  were you sleeping over 900 years ? 
  why do they even have an election ? 
  this is a 147 % joke . 
  in sciencific aspect this ban is irrational . 
  that 's why many other countries allow msm to donate their blood whenever they want . 
  hiv test is simple and authority is doing the test every single blood bag already . 
  this is matter of discrimination rather than epidemic issue . 
  now they realized the lack of blood since less people are willing to donate their blood . 
  desperate people are desperate . 
  finally someone shows us a real deal . 
  thank you . 
  chaos in russia and end of multiple civil wars around the world , i belive . 
  the weak & diversed putin 's opponents will fight each others . 
  also putin 's entourage will fight each others too . 
  it 's a good news for ukraine/georiga and a bad news for assad and russian tourists in ukraine . 
  i do n't know if it 's possible but if so , what would come next ? 
  russian will finally adopt full democracy ? 
  or there will be another tyrant ? 
  he is brainwashed in poland . 
  how can we blame him ? 
  that 's the god 's ultimatum plan ? 
  you call 'em atheist ? 
  they were just a materialist . 
  modern word of ` atheist ' is amlost equal to the humanitarian . 
  undemocratic countires are jokes . 
  and the dictator supporters would be mad and more radicalized after they find out that everybody were laughing at them . 
  is this kind of negative feedback of loser 's low self-confidence ? 
  lol putin was doing this shit long before the german law . 
  pity on framing . 
  strong and stable !, 
  we do n't need their opinion anymore . 
  spd+fdp ( or the left ) + the green is possible as much as cdu/csu + fdp . 
  but i believe this will be either close call or the most likely another cdu/csu-spd government will be established , since both side of coalition does n't have stable absolute majority on the poll . 
  who dare you , turkey !, 
  how could you ever try brainwashing public without any aestetic quality !, 
  i guess , sodomite was not entirely same with the modern term : homosexuality ? 
  lots of well-known gay/bi people are in ` limbo ' category . 
  it 's not even an introduction of the punishment !, 
  we can start it with changing every ` c ' to ` k ' in english words . 
  my suggested punishment is not a punishment . 
  your punishment is brexit and it is already delivered . 
  however my suggestion has one purpose to make you wo n't stay here . 
  did n't i tell you this already ? 
  that 's right . 
  nordic countires should eat vegetables too !, 
  it 's healthy !, 
  look !, 
  how healthy finland has became !, 
  we can start with you , denmark , then sweden too !, 
  how on earth do n't you understand , ` leave now or we will force you to leave . ' ? 
  you demend ` reform ' but we hear it as ` more opt-outs ' . 
  if you want to stay after all this shitshow ? 
  fine , then please give up all the regulation opt-outs and accept the euro . 
  so this graph is bs , huh ? 
  then where is australia ? 
  australians are the most alchoholic people according to who and oecd . 
  are they competting with serbia ? 
  a meeting between pis and trump ? 
  is that a family reunion ? 
  there are common decency . 
  if erdogan tries to ignore it , then turkey will suffer from the consequence . 
  germany will play diplomatic . 
  being enemy against almost every first world countries are not wise choice for their economy and military defence . 
  ofc trump wo n't give a shit and putin will gain some benefits . 
  i do n't think this is ` world wide ', 
  is it possible that the maltese language has no specific gender norm ? 
  lots of non european language do n't have gender norm . 
  seehofer , the spoiled kid alert !, 
  you are proundly confessing that you do n't know the difference of complain/criticism and verbal abuse . 
  what a nice public and home education system you have !, 
  well , there is no official title as ` whip ' on their law , so he should n't have called him as a ` whip ' . 
  but hey , we all know that he is speaking gibberish to cover his own homophobic ass . 
  being ` free ' comes with an obligation . 
  you are not ` free ' to harm any other human being . 
  it 's that simple . 
  neither in germany . 
  if hard working man has lived in germany and paid taxes over 8 years , he is german . 
  you know , most of modern hungarian has no blood ties with hun people . 
  your ancester were just a slave or a peasant who had to be blended in their ruler 's culture and in this case , in the hungarian culture . 
  the concept of ` ethnics ' and ` nations ' are just pre-modern inventions . 
  that 's why the most of nationalist are disperate to be in the society which is frozen in 19th century 's image . 
  the internet is broken .
