  we let them do whatever they wanted and what we have now ? 
  hate speeches , trolling , fake news , gas-lighting , personal attack everywhere . 
  we thought this aweful things are limited online , however pegida , brexit and trump have happend . 
  because the internet has munity in name of ` free speech ' . 
  people has lost their patience . 
  ` the social media companies ' is what i was referring as ` them ' and ` they ' in that context . 
  yeah ofc , sexism homophobe or racism are nor real , huh ? 
  block, 
  what is ` gramtic ' ? 
  any media platforms are binding to the law forbidding any hate speeches . 
  facebook and other social media should not be an exception . 
  old law could n't force against them because they are using several servers which are locateed outside of germany . 
  mostly the most hateful words and fake news are coming from afd , which is not a government party . 
  and your ` argument ' is quite similar to their propaganda . 
  so congrat !, 
  you have found your party !, 
  now join them !, 
  almost every countries in western europe has hate speech law include volksverhetzung . 
  intolerance for intolerance . 
  criminals are being persecuted . 
  recently over 25 persons are detained for posting hate speech on facebook . 
  is this google now ? 
  says greek . 
  like your government 's story about how stable spain is ? 
  real life hate crime is not a ` sarcasm ' , mate . 
  sure , if you are a better being than others . 
  your ` criticism ' is like kim jung un 's concern over american obersity problem . 
  and that 's a joke . 
  offline hate speech has been banned decades ago . 
  where were you then ? 
  this thread is too salty !, 
  xenophobe , homophobe , transphobe , islamophobe , sexist , racist and nazis are crying because they lost their only playground !, 
  ` switzerland ' , 
  bunch of transphobes , who do n't even pay taxes in uk , are complaining about taxes in uk . 
  i believe this is some kind of medical trials ? 
  do n't you see any possible outcomes ? 
  there are women who lost their womb because of the cancer etc. 
  they will get some benefit from this . 
  dollar ' ? 
  in uk ? 
  and you do n't even have a national health care . 
  what a joke . 
  i see what you did there  go-go-zone for go-go-boyz !, 
  yeah and that was written on the rock huh ? 
  nope it 's not . 
  if marriage was anything but other than civil one , what the hell is other non-christian civilization 's own marriage ? 
  some how all religions on this planet invented same legal contract coincidently ? 
  also did you know that bible allows you slavery marriage , rape marriage , incest marriage and polygamy ? 
  do you even try to be a ` good ' christian ? 
  and stop with your ` seperate but equal ' bs . 
  you can build your own apartheid society in the middle of hell with your fellow christian fundamentalists . 
  actually not . 
  for example , adoption right . 
  you have forgotton those ` demo f\u00fcr alle ' losers . 
  you are right . 
  it took us 16 years to catch our neighbour up . . 
  but you know , germany has huge euro-politic influence . 
  this will help to boost the domino . 
  slovenia and croatia will hopefully try again !, 
  domino !!, 
  next : swiss , austria and czech republic !, 
  spd had promised legalizing same sex marriage before the last election and then they failed it . 
  so they lost lgbt people and their allies ' trust . 
  this move can bring voters back from the green or left party . 
  south korea has been imported wines from eu without taxes since 5 years ago . 
  and they are infamously the biggest achoholic nation . 
  france and italy made some money from that but i 'm not sure if ` this ' trade deal will boost european wine industry or japanese sake industry . . 
  and muslim fundamentalistic immigrants will avoid your country  it 's an win-win . 
  now you can into eu . 
  you are right about that polish people doesnt understand western european situation and cultures . 
  the first world made a huge benefit from the globalisation between ww2 and the end of the cold war . 
  not only the biggest economic growth we got but also the pop cultures , world tourism and multicultures . 
  we invited people from all over the world . 
  lots of people had enjoyed foreign cultures like sushi , jeans , yoga , peruvian folk music etc. 
  that 's why almost everyone in the first country was extreme happy about ` one world ' . 
  even after recent countless terror attacks , many people still believe the golden era will come back . 
  because we witnessed and expreienced it , unlike the people from the second world , we ca n't give it up . 
  it 's almost like a nostelgia . 
  ` safe and cool life ' like being in catholic priest 's private room ? 
  `` we , western europe need to protect our secular and humanitarin culture from this polish catholic fundamentalist . 
  the first world is in danger !!! '', 
  is also valid arguement in this context , huh ? 
  yeah ofc the orthodox people, 
  and we can see that the real religious enemies are upon us . 
  well , you know , they call themselves ` great britain ' ( britannia major ) not because they think themselves as ` great ' but because there is ` lesser britain ' ( britannia minor ) in geographic term . 
  nowadays people call it as ` brittany ' . 
  that was a joke , mate . . 
  the unionists ? 
  nope . 
  the only thing they do n't want is granting ni special statue for eu-uk border zone . 
  because that will make ni alienate from the rest of the uk . 
  sinn fein ( nationalist ) is the one who wants soft brexit . 
  comey yesterday and uk 's election today !!, 
  this new series has great taste of global issues . 
  now , the only remain way out is scotland 's independence . 
  and you have to be on board before it happens . 
  dup is the unionist & christian fundamentalist party in northern ireland . 
  they are against gay marriage & abortion and denying climate change & evolution . 
  so what may is trying to do here is inviting 10 trump clones in her government to rule uk . 
  and this will trigger the ( irish nationalist ) sinn fein 's rage and lead northern ireland 's future in the ashes .
