  but you must keep all information between you and i alone . 
  now real estate business is growing rapidly , i decided to contact you for investment partnership . 
  if real estate business is not profitable enough and you have knowledge of business in the following sectors : real estate , tourism , stock speculation , film industries , mining , oil , transportation and tobacco or a solid background and idea of making good profit in any business , we can invest the funds . 
  i do not know for how long we will remain here in kabul afghanistan , and i have survived two suicide bomb attacks , which prompted me to reach out for help . 
  please if this proposal is acceptable by you , kindly respond back to me and we shall discuss about the conditions and terms . 
  thanks and waiting to hear from you richmond, 
  of course you post on / r/edefreiheit - not even surprised, 
  80 million journalists are imprisoned in china ? 
  now i 'm thirsty for that source m8 . 
  you mean one of those protesting in morocco ? 
  'cause it might be related to that sooo ... 
  ah yes , an election statement . 
  everyone knows it 's illegal to do so and there will never be even a proposal to put this into effect . 
  thanks for the source anyways . 
  there is already a database for right-wing extremist , are you suggesting the same thing should not exist for the opposite side ? 
  considering it already exists for neo-nazis and the like , i guess the government are already fascists ? 
  source ? 
  also , they can say a lot of things , all of these matters are unconstitutional . 
  otto-brenner-stiftung loves themselves a good scandal that they fabricate themselves . 
  they have done so in the past with the dpa and ard or even wikipedia . 
  not even to mention that their `` scientific analysis '' of these past topics were rather ... * creative * and little else . 
   `` the media coverage of the crisis was very far from the actual perception of a large part of the public '' was it though ? 
  the question remains what they chose as a basis for that . 
  i very keenly remember there being plenty of different sides to it shown on those papers that are more center . 
  ( would n't expect something like that on the sz or taz since they are as left as it gets . ), 
  to me anyways , and again , that is merely my personally experienced viewpoint , the obs paper claims a disconnected perception by the media , when they themselves do the same thing . 
  kinda pathetic ... 
  fuck off , this bs does not belong here in this specific thread . 
  plenty others to talk about that . 
  since there is no indication of that except what you are strawmanning together , yes , it is one . 
  especially considering that i do n't know you , at all . 
  low-quality strawman . 
  but nice try, 
  the comparisons become invalid once you claim it 's about rape and sexual assault only . 
  ah nice , another statistic without context that neither op nor most people on this subreddit fully grasp . 
  small hint : `` straftaten gegen die sexuelle selbstbestimmung '' is a lengthy list of things and not just rape and sexual assault , as op claims . 
  considering that i have already made multiple posts in this thread , i do n't think there is a need . 
  well , tough , with that argument we should n't consider any european nation helping in mali or afghanistan either because `` they have less numbers and less troops on the ground '' . 
  not my problem when people only look at numbers without context . 
  itt : people who do n't understand the topic at all , but have very strong opinions on it regardless . 
   a myth talk numerous time by pierre servant , the presentator of france 2 every year for le d\u00e9fil\u00e9 militaire du 14 juillet . 
  and a regular expert on france 5 . 
  oh god , please tell me you 're trolling ... 
  ah yes , which is why there are german troops and air patrols in eastern europe for over 10 years now . 
  `` we do n't trust you so fuck off '' `` ugh , germany and france will do * nothing * for us , help daddy us ! '', 
  make up your mind . 
  that is not entirely correct for multiple reasons . 
  first of all  countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers is an extremely short-sighted statement , something that royal navy command is well known for . 
  aircraft carriers are dying out and both the us navy and the royal navy have been widely criticized for their moves to invest so heavily into a dying weapon . 
  now , why is it dying ? 
  the simple answer is , missile and drone technology are advancing . 
  rapidly . 
  and carriers are massive targets that require a lot of concentration of force , while being vulnerable to cheap and relatively simple weapons . 
   by 2020 chinese have more capabilities to help their allies than eu countries and the gap is only getting bigger as their carrier program steams forward . 
  that is , again , quite simply not true . 
  chinas carrier programm is very limited and so are the capabilities of the liaoning and jiadong , one of which is not even a proper aircraft carrier but only a training vessel . 
  their aircraft carrier project has nothing to do with capabilities to help their allies , of which china only has very few to begin with , but rather to use them as a measure to be able to somewhat oppose us navy influence within the pacific and the south chinese sea . 
  what china and europe * both * lack , is long-range airlift capabilities , which is the real dealmaker when it comes to lending assistance to other nations and project military power . 
  for now europe has no need of an aircraft carrier , as our military and foreign interests that could require intervention are all well-within range of air transports , with our interests overseas being very limited . 
  are you from the future ? 
  cause last i checked it was n't 2018 . 
  that whole `` you did n't listen to the people !, 
  '' - stuff is complete garbage and only true in the slogans of those populist parties . 
  that 's not exclusive to serbia . 
  the croats , bosniaks and albanians sit in exactly the same boat and all have a place at the table of `` ethnic cleansing '' . 
  oh look , an edgy right-winger . 
  anyone who is actually german knows about the connections and deeds of our ` verfassungsschutz ' , the very entity that is supposed to combat political extremism , and their extreme right-wing bias . 
  going so far as to assist them with terror attacks in the 90 's . 
   as far as i know you know very little . 
   with government ministers openly talking about how anything `` right wing '' ( not far right , just right wing ) is evil which makes no sense considering that we have a center-right government since over 12 years now . 
  but nice try . 
   working to ban right wing parties while left wing ones are allowed to operate unmolested etc. 
  left-wing parties are equally banned if they break the law and are a threat to the constitution . 
  since there currently are none who fall into that spectrum they may also work unmolested . 
  just like any other political party , regardless of political orientation . 
  so nice troll attempt but this is like claiming the earth is , indeed , flat . 
  ah of course , which is why there are branches of the military who specifically train for such scenarios on a constant basis and also why the police has special units for it . 
  thanks random internet person . 
   you are angry because people suggest that those rioting comrades of yours should be controlled without silk gloves . 
  since i do n't associate with the `` schwarzer block '' at all i have to give that a pass . 
  i 'm actually angry because you 're still talking shit . 
  crowd and riot control requires a lot of skill and training , correct . 
  it 's not just `` beat someone with a baton '' . 
  and no , regular members of the military have no clue about riot and crowd control . 
  and yes , it is science . 
  which is why we have specific police troops who do that sorta thing . 
  so quit talking shit . 
  not call in the army because it 's illegal to do so . 
  dunno , probably call the reds to help . 
  then again , i do n't usually compare myself to our former , little north korea in the middle of europe . 
  but hey , you seem to be a fan . 
  ah yes , because germany is literally rural and oppressive india . 
  please , do f - off and find your playstation . 
  i can not think of a single place in germany where all of these examples apply . 
  public transport is usually very good , except when you live in the most remote and rural parts , far away in a forest . 
  crime rates have been going down , especially violent crime . 
  garbage disposal works perfectly fine and is not at all applicable to any part of germany . 
  yes , even the rural ones . 
  `` lots of crazy people running around '' - where ? 
  berlin is considered to be pretty `` crazy '' and there are n't a whole lotta loonies here .
