  and ghettos exist in the same fashion to a very limited extend as they exist in every larger city . 
  although , `` ghetto '' is very relative . 
  so no , he is talking out of his ass . 
  i 'm sorry what ? 
  soldiers are not trained for riot control or tactics . 
  they are n't universal `` i can do everything '' machines , play a few less video games perhaps . 
  because the g20 does n't bother them as much and hamburg is n't their hometurf . 
  try the same thing in dresden , for example . 
  the real world is not gta , dude . 
  with what ? 
  shooting blanks in the air ? 
  and what 's the military supposed to do ? 
  stand around and look daft ? 
  quit talking out of your ass . 
  it does n't matter if it 's far-left , far-right or pink clowns , the situation itself does not change . 
  must be ... * interesting * living in that little fantasy world of yours . 
  because none of the things you describe apply to germany , not even to some of the worst parts of berlin . 
  edit : 1 hour old account , low quality trolling . 
  certainly but did they not produce newer variants of at least the sa-6 ? 
  not like the patriots are any younger . 
  those things are 33 years old by now . 
  ( upgraded and modernized , of course but still ), 
  no , romania has nato troops from the uk and us while a german-led force is in lithuania . 
  the point of this efp deployment , across eastern europe , is to dissuade any aggression and not leaving any countries without coverage . 
  it 's less about the specific countries and more about the region . 
   if romania was attacked , would germany fight as an ally with us ? 
  romania is both a part of nato and signed the defense clause in the lisbon treaty . 
  so regardless if what you believe in , germany is obliged to assist you and any other eu member and nato member in a conflict . 
  `` benevolent '' is hardly a word i 'd use . 
  more along the lines of `` give and take '' , the us got plenty out of these foreign policy steps and still profit massively from them to this day . 
  it was n't done merely because they wanted `` to do good '' . 
   some neighbors are nice and the relation is mutual beneficial and some neighbors are always following their own interest . 
  then why do we have troops in eastern europe if not to give those eu members a guarantee for safety ? 
  and before you answer , we were not obliged to do so , it was a voluntary force . 
  they have their own national guard as well as their own interior policies as well as foreign policies on a lesser level . 
  ah yes because germany never had any issues with the far-right , long before 2015 or the 70 's . 
  how is life in the alternative history bubble ? 
  a mixture of incompetence and far-right support masking as a government agency . 
  unable to deal with left-wing extremism , unable and unwilling to deal with right-wing extremism and now supposedly a good source for attacks ? 
  nah thanks , i 'd rather put my trust into the ministry of the interior . 
  source ? 
  ethnicity does indeed exist , just not in the sense that you seem to favor and advocate for . 
  simple fact of the matter is that ` ethnic germans ' are n't a thing anymore since the 30 year war . 
  arguing otherwise requires a widening of the definition , in which case the argument of ` germans being replaced ' becomes moot . 
  since ` ethnically ' german does n't really exist , unless you wish to quote ` aryanism ' , then not really applicable to those numbers . 
  so no one . 
  cool . 
  yeah just like they can trace their lines to outside of europe if looking at other branches - and people from north africa or the arab peninsula can often trace part of their lines to europe . 
  jesus christ , the absolute definition of a fallacy right here . 
  considering that mass inter and extra european immigration has been a thing since ... well , since the human race in its current form has existed , no , no one is being replaced . 
  hate to break it to you but the people that are now above 70 sure as hell do not directly descend from the ` germanic tribes ' ( nor has anyone in at least 500 years ) or are ` pure blooded ' as you like to suggest . 
  `` authentic germans '' - excuse me ? 
  seriously now ? 
   and now when the majority on this sub shits on kaczynski and pis i can not help but have a deja vue feeling , like i 'm reading the russian press and the comments below it again . 
  ah yes , another day , another fuck up by the bamf . 
  who gives a damn ? 
  if he does not wish to participate in political events then that is his choice . 
  no one cares . 
  yeah , they do . 
  by enjoying life and getting the morning pill . 
  ( for example ), 
  still , who the hell is calling anyone racist for making sensible suggestions ? 
  it 's merely a bunch of retards claiming that after whining about being called racist for saying `` all dem muzzis shud all be gassd if it were my choice ... not even racist though '' so fuck off with that `` aww everyone is being called a racist nowadays '' bullshit, 
  because brainwashing is one hell of a tool to be used and extremists are very good at it , no matter the political or religious leaning . 
  spiegel article on defense matters ? 
  ** avoid at all cost !, 
  ah the `` cultural protection force '' is out in large numbers today, 
  okay ? 
  yeah guess what , that 's how a finance hub works . 
  when there is people from all over europe , north america and asia in the city then they also tend to work there and have families . 
  then again , anyone who brings up that point is n't interested in a lack of ` british ' people in london , but rather implying a lack of ` white ' people , is n't that right ? 
  ah yes , because why give women freedom when they can also serve the men in serfdom !, 
  aside from you being right , you talk like you 're straight out of r/atheists - which is rather sad . 
  did you ... read the article ? 
  please read the article . 
  i mean , you could have also read his comment and come to the same conclusion . 
  but i guess that would have included two second of thinking about it . 
  oh god , converts . 
  yeah well , i would n't take anything from converts serious to be honest . 
  sure but was it a random person , drunk , maybe high as a kite ? 
  'cause with the last two i might understand such a stupid opinion . 
   is one of the more critical subs well , they are also a massive default sub , so i thought someone like that might turn up there . 
   but in real life i have been told jesus , what was the circumstance ? 
  cause whoever that was must have been drunk as hell . 
  it 's not like saudi arabia is trying to hide it even ... 
  where ? 
  worldnews ? 
  'cause that 's a simple fact and i ca n't really think of any reason why someone would ignore that ... aside from being an idiot . 
  okay ? 
  and what does germany have to do with that , that 's like saying `` your great-cousin committed a crime , now turn yourself in ! '', 
  considering that one side has extensively studied ecology , biology and specifically the lives of forests and what is needed to sustain them - i think it 's a relatively easy pick . 
  nah i would n't say that necessarily . 
  it 's mostly these sort of threads that get instantaneously brigaded by people who post on no other topics other than migrant/muslim/brown people related . 
  if you could actually construct an argument instead of mindlessly rant without making a whole lot of sense except `` damn muzzis , liberals , leftists !! 1 ! '', 
  then it might be worth listening to you . 
   to start talking about preventing the next attack ah if only . 
  exactly what i said , to a point , yup . 
  not at all distorted / s hey !, 
  by that logic we should just nuke ireland because of the correlation between their nationality and terrorism in the uk . 
  man , thanks for that hint ... fuck 's sake .
