  now , changing * that * bit first would make sense , but then again the whole catalonian issue is all about being edgy and not about making sense . 
  garbage economy , garbage infrastructure and shitty social policies . 
  but i 'm sure those are all somehow the fault of the west anyways . 
  these rights are for colonies and similiar , not for an autonomous region that already has self-governence . 
  and demand that western europe should pay for the history/mistake of others . 
  oh no wait , we 're already doing that . 
  cool , so go against democracy and just ignore the constitution ? 
  sounds like a * great * way to start off . 
  this entire discussion is about the capabilities of the un peacekeepers and the ethnic tension . 
  but apparently that 's somewhat lost to you . 
  you ... are aware of srebrenica ? . . 
  oh yeah the un peacekeepers worked great during 1995 , perfectly as intended . 
  ah yes because the un peacekeeping force did a real stellar job . 
  no but ethnic tension is a thing , in case you had n't noticed . 
  it 's not like the area would have just gone back to `` oh no we 're best friends again ! '', 
  no , it would n't have changed anything due to the touareg being active in the region since decades . 
  no historical , lingual or cultural relation ? 
  now ** that ** is a damn funny joke . 
  good job . 
  sure so that in 10 years the same thing happens again . 
  great contingency plan . 
  not really applicable to turkey since a large amount of people who vote for erdogan are from the rural areas where the internet really is n't a thing . 
  ( also old people ), 
  oh god huffpost writing on nato and defense matters . 
  what a trainwreck of an article :  nato has become a self-parody , including countries such as montenegro , which has 2080 men under arms -- fewer than the number arrested by turkey in the coup 's aftermath . 
  yeah because that 's what its about ... military size . 
  can we just ignore this and move on ? 
  keep in mind that the verfassungsschutz also had an interest in amis amri and was supposed to be watching him , with allegations going so far that they interfered with possible arrests against him . 
  so this might very well be part of it , although two lone police officers would be pretty sad for the verfassungsschutz . 
  no , the refugee status stays . 
  as with every new venture on such a massive scale there will be difficulties , especially considering that such a large amount of nations were involved . 
  however , valuable experience was and still is gained . 
  in the end , the eurofighter turned out to be a very capable machine and the a400m still needs its issues figured out . 
  but that 's the price you pay for a domestic , independent and high-quality defense industry , of which fighters and logistical craft are an integral part . 
  would be a shame if we were buying american again , would much prefer a european design . 
  especially now that the first fighters are out it 's a great time to make it state-of-the-art . 
  an m113 is still just an apc or a missile carrier at best . 
  a vbl is not an ifv , merely a light scout/support vehicle . 
  an ifv would be smth like the us bradley , german puma , swedish cv90 etc. 
   the addition of an atgm system makes the tank really strong which all leopard 2 users can use via the lahat missile system ... that 's not special to the hel version . 
  the only thing that makes them any different from a regular a6 is country-specific communication systema and the camo used . 
   `` built for mountainous greek terrain '' * right * now i 'd be curious how exactly are you supposed to make an already existing design , that is only license-build in greece , magically `` for greek terrain '' ? 
   i would rather have a leo 2a6 hel than any turkish made tank , that is for sure . 
  considering that the turkish altay is a licensed version of the south korean k2 black panther . 
  considering that the k2 is only in production since 2013 and is equipped with the newest , fanciest stuff korea has on offer , it 's not a stretch that the capabilities are also more extensive . 
  well , the leo2a6 hel is just a regular a6 with some small changes really . 
  no doubt an incredible machine , but it will remain to be seen whether the altay will surpass this performance . 
  ( personally i doubt it , but who knows what they cooked up with the koreans ), 
  nice rant , zero contribution to the topic though . 
  the same goes for the hellenic forces , a difference that is getting considerably smaller with the altay entering production this year and the first batch already being larger than the amount of a6 hel the greek have . 
  greece also does not own any ifv 's and iirc turkey is procuring spg 's currently . 
   people supporting your country against an agressive and unstable neighbor ? 
  there is a pretty large difference between support and calling for war . 
   turkish military aircraft in greece airspace can be counted as an act of war . 
  i 'd love to see the clause that says that , i 'll be waiting . 
   turkey is provoking as in we could actually go ahead and label it as an act of war that 's not how that works . 
  keep in mind that turkey is no different . 
  wow a triggered gypsy !, 
  lol t_d and actually living in europe ? 
   the definition does n't say what you think it says . 
  really ? 
  let 's check :  a heavy armoured fighting vehicle carrying guns and moving on a continuous articulated metal track . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure it says exactly what i think it says . 
  not my problem you are in dire need of glasses . 
   besides , we are talking about military terms . 
  no , we 're talking about a definition you mong . 
  `` the dictionary and definitions are wrong because i say so . '', 
  cool story bro . 
   yes , not instantly , but when their asylum request is approved or after 15 months . 
  of course , but that is a pretty substantial time . 
   according to der spiegel and other source it 's 143 $ . 
  that 's odd , 'cause i know for a fact that it 's less than that here in berlin . 
  weird , but thanks for the source . 
  ( on a sidenote , i personally think more than 150 $ per month would be excessive )  compared to the czech republic ( where you get 360 crowns ( $ 15 ) a month ) it is a cash cow . 
  well , i do n't know how much 15 $ buys you in the czech republic ( i 'm assuming not a whole lot ) which is in and of itself a pretty damn sad situation . 
  ( and not really helpful for integration either ), 
  new arrivals do n't get hartz 4 . 
  they receive basic accommodation and around about 50-80 $ , to spend every month . 
  hartz 4 is not granted until later into the process . 
   ifv is not a heavy armored vehicle . 
  yes it is . 
  anything above an apc or mrap is generally considered to be a heavily armored vehicle . 
   in military jargon , an ifv is never refered to as tank because it 's an ifv and is thus specified as such . 
   because it 's not a tank . 
  yet it is still a tank . 
  does n't matter whether you like the definition or not , an ifv is a tank . 
  just like an mbt is a tank , with the slight difference that the commonly used phrase for description has shifted in favor of calling an mbt a tank . 
  ( that does not change the fact that they are both , in fact , tanks . ), 
  [ good thing you know jack all ] ( https://en.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/tank ), 
  ah yes because such a large majority became terrorists , really makes you wonder why we had to few attacks when there should have been millions of them ... weird eh ... 
  a bmd is very much a tank , since the word is used for both mbt 's and ifv 's . 
  a cash cow ? 
  you do realize that migrants get next to nothing in money ? 
  people seem to have an odd perspective on what a background check actually is ... 
  it 's not some kind of magical ritual where you peer into the crystal ball and determine the future , it 's about finding out jihadi ties by checking with a few databases and their alleged country of origin . 
  good luck with the second one especially . 
  read again what i said and then reconsider what you just wrote . 
  did n't know the worlds most influential terror organization is currently fighting a massive war through the entirety of eastern europe ... yeah i guess they are different in that case . 
  ` tis a joke and now stop overdosing on salted cod . 
  if only , can we switch them please ?
