  last i checked there was n't a statistic on that  you can disagree if you want but i do n't really give a fuck if you do because who defends that shit ? 
  yeah who defends that if most of what the telegraph lists is complete bullshit , like the dresscode that no one gives a fuck about . 
   all those raped women must have to work on being more intimidating right ? 
  christ . 
  are you retarded ? 
  intimidation does not necessarily have to mean they they 're all scared of women or some shit , but rather that it makes the whole gender divide issue even more extreme for their peasant minds . 
   they are therefore considered inferior in islamic culture . 
  they do n't have to do that in syria , egypt , israel , turkey , tunesia etc. 
  as i said , you like to generalise . 
   the word is rights and women in islamic countries are denied those rights by the men that live there . 
  sooo , exactly what i said . 
   more and more like a misogynist with each comment . 
  aww , i 'm sorry if your head hurts from not being able to brush everything the way you 'd like it to be and that the middle east is n't a single entity . 
  but hey , as someone from ireland you must know all about misogynists , so guess you 're an expert !, 
   many treat women like garbage and i do n't want them here aaah , there it is ... 
   europe is secular . 
  ah alright , so when europe was n't secular everyone had the exact same culture . 
  got ya . 
  wait , no ... that 's not how that works ...  have laws and culture that make women the property of men . 
  i can think of afghanistan , iraq , * maybe * pakistan but that 's a 50/50 . 
   iran is still a theocratic shithole and many women there are the de facto property of their fathers and then husbands even if the official law does n't state so . 
  goes to show how much you know about iran . 
   so many treat women like shit when they come here . 
  the exact opposite tends to happen , actually . 
  since the gender divide is so large in certain countries , many are intimidated by women when they come to europe . 
   islamic culture instills in men the belief that women are inferior to some degree uhm , no , it does n't . 
  however , it is a patriarchal society in which the gender divide is massive . 
  so just like men have to play a certain role , so do women . 
  but since it 's patriarchal the male part has more ` freedoms ' . 
  so first of all , no , islam is not a culture . 
  that 's like saying christianity is a culture , yet * somehow * all of europe has not the exact same culture . 
  aside from that , the rights and views on women are differing drasticly from country to country . 
   iran but last i checked iran is a theocratic republic that is bound by sharia law so not the best place for women who enjoy their rights either . 
  was talking about the `` property '' aspect mostly . 
   a region where the predominant culture holy shit the generalisations are real . 
   considers women to be property do iranians count into that ? 
  not a strawman , more like ridicule . 
   it 's disgusting how sweden is letting so many of these troublemakers in to rape and assault the natives !, 
  muh white genocide , europe rape capital reeeeeeeeeeeeee / s, 
   it 's a form of male bonding in some cultures and which cultures would that be ? 
  oh , with proper sources please, 
   not exemplary in context of rights of sexual minorities . 
  would you mind to give an example of an ee nation that has such rights for sexual minorities ? 
   do n't forget that russia is not that poor * russia * is n't , but the people are in comparison relatively poor . 
  both wealth and power are centered with the elites to a degree , that most of us can probably hardly fathom . 
   there are dozen of cities in russia with over 1 ' 000 ' 000 people and improvement in most of them has been visible . 
  russian economy saw a huge surge in early 2000s . 
  well , i 'm not saying there are n't improvements , afterall some have to be made eventually . 
  but it 's nowhere near the same developments or advancements that the rest of europe enjoys . 
  and again , the wealth distribution among the populace is ... well ... not great . 
  this has gotten much worse after 2008 and is really bad nowadays with the russian economy in shambles . 
  hell , i 've send over money to some good friends just so they could pay their rent and eat `` proper '' until there were new jobs on the horizon . 
  ( funny how much 100 $ are in russia nowadays ), 
   turkey was never too close to membership . 
  developments in the early 2000 's would disagree with that . 
  turkey might not have been the ` perfect ' member and there was always conflict about the topic , but they could certainly have joined and were relatively close . 
   attitude towards democracy has gone down with putin . 
  it 's being played as a western tool that masks evil domination goals . 
  certainly , however , it 's important to differentiate what vocals on an online-board spout or what your average russian thinks . 
  from my experience , they are indifferent at this point and considering that the movement of people wanting to and successfully leaving russia , it would point towards a certain dislike within the population . 
  but you are of course right , there is not enough since , as i said before , russians never had a democratic system . 
   with anti-western sentiments now highest since cold war , that might be a direction they 'd like to take . 
  some , perhaps . 
  but then again that path will fail in russia just like they failed after the collapse of the soviet union . 
   and how well is that working out ? 
  we have an entire separate online community that believes its own truth . 
  that 's no different to any other nation . 
  hell , 15 % of the german people are dilusional enough to believe all the shit that is thrown at them and gobble it up . 
  even more if you look at the uk or the netherlands . 
   gives little incentive for russians to learn english . 
  not much different from any other ee nation ( excluding the baltics ) then . 
  hell , on a percentage base nowadays russians probably speak more english than bulgarians , as the language becomes more common in russia . 
   that has created some sort of media bubble where russians create , read and spread their own information , making an alternative separeted community . 
  not much different to the us then , just with a different spin on it . 
  the average american who is consuming us media is no more ridiculous in their opinion than the average russian , from my experience with members of both countries . 
   estonians use facebook , russians vkontakte . 
  estonians use gmail , russians mail.ru . 
  and trust me , their views and values are often very different . 
  and that 's people of the same country . 
  oh definitly and while i am aware of the issues with the russian-bordering population of russians , it is not unheard of . 
  this comparison might seem a bit dodgy but bear with me . 
  germans with a turkish background tend to hold some very extreme views which leads them to be laughed at in turkey ( well ... not anymore these days ) and ridiculed in germany . 
  expat communities tend to be more extreme and hell , if they live directly on the border in their own little `` ghetto area '' , that they and the state themselves created for them ( the idea that `` it 's all the russians fault ! '', 
  is utterly ridiculous ) , makes it much easier to revert to some `` good ol' values and news from home !, 
  where everything is better ... ''  not exactly exemplary countries if poland is n't * the * examplary country for eastern europe then who is ? 
  o.o  even with economic development , even with living standards improving a lot , not much has changed . 
  and it wo n't change until something drastic happens , that 's unfortunately how it is and how it will always be . 
  whether that drastic change comes from within or from without will remain to be seen . 
  and standard of living as well as economic development has barely improved . 
  for moscovites perhaps , but the rest of the country ? 
   let 's be honest , that 's not really a realistic option . 
  it would be an even more difficult task than including turkey and we all know today they wo n't become a member of eu , even after decades of pursuing that goal . 
  well , turkey * could * have become a member without a dictator at the top and a party sabotaging that process every two steps . 
   it would dominate eu 's structures and pull the union 's gravitational center strongly eastwards . 
  that may be , then again with italy , france , germany and poland in the west there is a very strong opposition to that . 
  furthermore , any eu membership would not be possible unless russia aligns itself with the rest of europe and goes through some serious reforms . 
   we already have many that think eu has taken too many `` easterners '' and it should been exclusively a western european club . 
  which is a retarded , uneducated view on things by people not understanding what the eu is and tries to accomplish . 
   russia would be also a nightmare for eu funds . 
  the country is very inequal and poorer parts would require huge funds for any kind of harmonization .
