  wow , that was difficult . 
  especially when people expect `` mass deportations '' are even a possibility in this day and age ... 
  that largely comes down to where you live . 
  there are certain areas in afghanistan which are a huge shit-show and semi-active warzones . 
  in other areas you 'll hardly notice it and will be perfectly safe . 
  determining what is deemed `` safe '' is rather difficult and i 'm glad that the government overruled the bamf in their ridiculous statement , which would have made it impossible to pretty much deport * anyone * who is n't from a western nation . 
  yes , out of the 250.000 afghans that came to germany since the conflict in afghanistan , 12.000 deportations in one go is a * massive * number . 
   is not exactly easy or fun or feasible for the people in question . 
  not particularly difficult to go into hiding if the police is not allowed to properly search for individuals as well as lacking the resources to do so . 
  crime rings and the mafia are always looking for new recruits and members . 
  a norwegian could say the same about greece :d, 
  can i just say that i love this exchange - that war is not too long ago yet the people who fought in it can talk about it like civil and normal human beings , while others see the need to insult or threaten the `` other side '' without ever seeing the war . 
   yeah well you see islamic attacks almost monthly in western europe . 
  really ? 
  now i 'm wondering where there was an islamic attack in november and october . 
  must have missed it . 
   they are not deported unless it is certain where they are from , and even then the home country has to accept them . 
  they are , the bamf uses interpreters and refugees/migrants willing to cooperate with it , to figure out where exactly someone is from . 
  only rings true nowadays for afghanistan and iraq . 
  every other country , like algeria , egypt , pakistan and so on take the deported back . 
   160.000 geduldete fl\u00fcchtlinge that 's not `` hundreds of thousands '' . 
  aside from that , the bamf is a shit-show in every way in that regard , which i 'm rather confident will change soon-ish . 
  you got a source for that claim about germany ? 
  plenty of ways to figure out your nationality anyways ... aside , hundreds of thousands ? 
  really now ... cmon . 
  do you know how courts work ? 
  they ** apply ** the law . 
  thus , if a court decides that said law can not be applied in that instance , the eu looses the court case . 
  the uk always had the exact same option . 
   that is an entirely logical and reasonable approach that should make sense to practically everyone on an intuitive and moral level . 
  no , it does not . 
  one is part of a larger entity , whos countries share a single market with you , create laws with you , uphold similiar values and so on . 
  they are also eu citizen - the same thing applies for british people abroad . 
  treating eu migrants the same as a migrant from china simply does not make sense . 
  not necessarily , the germany is about to pass a new toll law , only for foreign trucks . 
  that is a breach of eu law . 
  the eu sued germany and lost thus germany may apply the law . 
  same goes for the uk as well . 
  and considering that most eu laws are in the best interest of a well-functioning western democracy that values the freedom and rights of its citizens , that should hardly be an issue ... unless you go full tory-mode of course . 
  every country can make any law they want unless it goes directly against the european values . 
  like your own , british patriot act that was passed not too long ago . 
  sure , if it was not the anti-foreigner rhetoric then it was most likely the `` we want to make our own laws '' bullshit . 
  completely ignoring that the eu has only intervened three times with the law-making process in the entire history of uk 's membership . 
  in the end , imo it comes down to a misinformed public with one side telling her that they will all be slaves to the eu and foreigners will take all their jobs away , while the other side brands everyone as a nazi and turns the eu into some kind of deity-like organization . 
  that does n't change that the british public swallowed the pro-brexit campaign , based around a very strong `` anti-foreigner '' message , willingly hook , line and sinker . 
  if you 're going to make a comparison , make one that makes any sense . 
  for example `` that is like saying there will be a time when the bavarians in germany get their own country as well '' - well , i 've got news for you ... 
   kurdistan is `` region '' like anatolia and thrace . 
  a region that just so happens to be densely populated mostly by kurds . 
  weird eh . .  berlin will be highly populated `` turkish region '' next years . 
  now i 'm curious , how will they increase the population up from 100.000 to over 2.9 million ? 
   that 's a very bold claim . 
  what 's your source on this ? 
  jumped in the lines a bit , [ it 's 0.5 , so around about that of a b-2 ] ( http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/stealth-aircraft-rcs.htm ) then again , this all changes as soon as you actually load something into the f-35 , which ruins its rcs . 
   actually , it is , by a fairly significant margin . 
  source please . 
  there is very little difference in the end in effectivity of the different armor types . 
   there 's a very good reason the abrams and the challenger are regarded as the best-protected tanks on the planet . 
  the challenger might be , the abrams sure as hell is n't . 
  then again , half of that is dailymail and the sun jerking each other off on how great it performed literally everywhere . 
  odd that that danish and canadians say the same thing about the leopard 2 , for example . 
   not really . 
  carrier fleets are n't about capability to deploy , they 're about how fast you can deploy . 
  which matters very little the more missile technology ( and others ) advance . 
  we have already reached a point where a single aircraft can sink a carrier with a bit of luck , not exactly great value . 
  the us has had the advantage of not having to fight any kind of military that would have posed a real danger in the last 20 years . 
  the falkland war , for example , goes to show just how vulnerable carriers are to aircraft . 
  they 've allways been unpopular due to their politics which focuses more on economical liberalism and businesses , but at the same time free values . 
  generally speaking , it 's weird . 
  one of their big issues has always been a lack of popular politicians , the last being guido westerwelle who died to leukemia in march this year . 
  under him they also had one of their best elections ever in 2013 , reaching 14,6 % ... and then jumping into bed with the cdu and not doing * anything * . 
  as i said , beneficial tumor of the cdu . 
  so yeah , why vote for a party that is pretty much non-existent and not really needed ? 
   the eu27 does n't even have a stealth fighter of any sort or tanks with chobbham armor . 
  ever heard of the eurofighter ? 
  around about the same radar signature as the f-35 . 
  chobham armor is also not the be-all-end-all of armor types anymore . 
  the leclerc has its own highly effective armor type , the ariate has a special armor and so does the leopard 2 . 
  chobham is generally hyped up as `` the greatest tank armor ever ! '', 
  but it really is n't any better or worse than any other western tank-equivalent . 
   not if you do n't plan on developing a carrier fleet and putting as many bases around the world as possible . 
  carrier fleets are becoming more and more outdated as times and technology move on . 
  the base aspect is what sticks in the end , if you have the logistical means to quickly deploy and move troops and material to all party of the world , you have a thing called -  power projection . 
  ( carrier fleets are of course also nice ), 
   do you know what turkish nationalism is ? 
  it 's insane . 
  oh yeah , but that does n't change the fact that nothing is forever . 
  not even erdolf . 
  it also does not change anything about the fact that the larger population centers are not nearly as badly indoctrinated by nationalism . 
  the point in time will come , eventually . 
  that 's a statement that you simply can not make unless you have some kind of precognitive abilities , which would be a first for mankind . 
  also , turkish nationalists are not `` the turks in turkey '' , as in the entire population . 
  except `` kurdistan '' has existed for more than [ a thousand years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kurdistan#ancient_period ) . 
  not even to mention that the entire region is mostly populated by these people who form their own society , it 's not a stretch to give them independence . 
  unless you 're a turkish nationalist with a raging border-boner . 
  looks like [ you ( turkey ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide ) and belgium have a common ground then , eh ? 
  obviously poland is literally heaven . 
  i mean , look at it !, 
   the eu needs to start carrying their weight . 
  leading to :  the netherlands can start by buying back their tanks .
