  you have an interesting post history and openly talk bullshit , but alright . 
   vastly richer in what ? 
  if you mean political dissidets then yes . 
   if that is n't a hallmark of success then what is ? 
  perhaps things that are n't a given in the circumstances presented ? 
   left it as the first country in space yeah ... that was under khrushchev though . 
  sputnik 1 was in 1957 , 2 years after khrushchev took power . 
  even semyorka , if you want to consider that `` space worthy '' only became operational in 1957 . 
  `` good policy '' as in `` let 's enter the 20th century ? '', 
  yeah nah , the real advancements happened under khrushchev with social housing , more modern education reforms , art liberation , the soviet union opening to foreigners and so on ... you can circlejerk about stalin all you want , but pretending like elevating the soviet union from a rural hellhole into `` not a complete shithole '' is a great achievement , then i 'm sorry for you . 
  especially considerin the surrounding effects , for every step forward taking another step backwards in another area . 
  ( travel ban , for example ), 
  not sure how this relates to iran when we 're talking about europe but okay . 
  nice agenda m80 . 
  it 's not really a track record for living standards . 
  it outlines some of the developments under stalins rule , which were only fully realized and funded later on . 
  generally an upgrade from `` complete shithole '' to `` below decent '' is not really much of an upgrade . 
  their modern silk-road project will be interesting to see , as it will piss off russia properly . 
  and i agree to your points , but would like to add another one . 
  relations between china and russia are not great , especially since amur and khabarovsk are somewhat overrun by chinese workers anyways . 
  having the eu as a potential ally in any future conflict as well as backing them should russia try something , would be beneficial for both . 
  ( especially considering how much the eu is in need of chinese products ), 
  uhm , yeah no . 
  u/xtacdk is very much correct in his statements about the living standarts . 
  stalin did , arguably , more damage to the soviet union than good through his reign . 
  think it has to do with portrayal . 
  stalin was georgian and , iirc , georgia did n't really suffer all that much under the soviet union ( disregard the 1924 uprising ) and thus there is n't really much of a reason to `` hate him '' there . 
  if one wants to play the guessing game as to why they do this , well , china is * very * interested in the eu as a strong trading partner . 
  ( and ally ! ), 
  investing into ~ ~ eastern poland ~ ~ greece could be seen as a way of assisting to stabilize the eu further , while also paving the way for china to gobble up stuff in greece . 
  if you are interested in such developments , [ here ] ( https://libya.liveuamap.com/en/ ) is a very good livemap for libya , syria and even ukraine . 
  as you can see ( and what is backed by most sources on libya ) is that the tobruk government and the gna control most of libya . 
  isis still has a presence , but they do n't hold territory . 
   but there are many more that are not fine with it and are trapped in toxic , forced marriages that oppress them through violence , belittling and shaming source . 
   why ca n't people see this and fight for these women yes , fight for something no one asks anyone to fight for . 
  except triggered sjw 's of course . 
  cool story bruh . 
   its a symbol for a pretty shitty religion most people are too dumb to differentiate between a hijab and a jewish mitpachat or an orthodox headscarf . 
  even then , the hijab is worn for many reasons that are not necessarily religious . 
  fuck , my neighbour wears one because `` it looks cool '' - whatever fashion people want to wear i guess . 
  what ? 
  no they do n't :d, 
  really now ? 
  libya has two governments , the un backed one and the gna ( i think ) . 
  both have the capacity to enter talks with the eu , both have the ability to propose a solution . 
  they do n't though . 
   tell me why is mali 's situation more serious than libya 's ? 
  because libya never asked for help , unlike mali . 
  nor does it ask for help now . 
   well , we did n't sign up to be the cops of the world . 
  good , because a european military is n't and should n't be that . 
  but since stability in north africa is a key interest of the eu in general , ( just like stability in the east is a key interest ) using power , influence and other means to guarantee the best possible situation for southern europe and the eu in general , is surely something you can agree with ? 
  yes it does affect you !, 
  portugal is tied to the eu just like the rest of the countries , hell , you are even closer to mali itself than most others . 
  only reason why you are n't getting a whole lot of migrants is , in part , due to morocco being a stable state - furthermore , a terrorist state in western africa ? 
  that 's gon na be great !, 
  did you just ... literally skip over everything i said ? 
  first of all , we were talking about the eu as a whole and not specific countries . 
  so do n't change the entire setup . 
  now , look at a map . 
  do you see where mali sits ? 
  yep , right in between that whole cluster of nations . 
  i 'm sure you can imagine what were to happen if mali turned into a rogue state ... next up , the history of mali . 
  mali is , since 1992 , probably one of the most democratic nations in the region and while poor , still a beacon for change and evidence that such a system can indeed work . 
  furthermore , mali is very pro-western which makes it an important ally for the eu . 
  and if you wan na go deep into the speculative rabbit-hole , mali is also a bufferzone for any economic migration trying to go through it to algeria or morocco . 
  so a stable mali is , in many ways , in all of our interest . 
  the eu , as a whole , has a ** shitton ** of interests in that area . 
  the average joe just does n't know about it since he rather gobbles up the media circlejerk about mali, 
  manlets all around, 
  but a comparison to afghanistan is somewhat ridiculous . 
  i 'd put money on it ending before 2020 , due to a multitude of factors . 
   what would you do with wars in afganistan and eritrea ? 
  afghanistan is a complex situation that will likely never really fix itself , but since germany is already deporting to afghanistan , it is only a matter of time . 
  the same goes with false asylum applications ( or not false , rather , unfounded ) from sub-sahara nations like eritrea . 
  ah racists and retards out in force again . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  yeah well , this was to be expected . 
  the german labour market is extremely restrictive and so is the migration program as to when , how long , how much you are allowed to work . 
  ( for example , you are only allowed to work after around about 11 months of residence as a refugee ) next up there is the language barrier and , of course , also the lack of quality education - not speaking english or german is a pretty big issue in a company . 
  however , whenever the syrian war is over , those who decide to stay ( which will be a smaller percentage , see yugoslavian wars for a comparison ) will likely be considerably better integrated once the system is unclogged and the next generation is properly educated . 
  i love my ananas on pizza . 
  ah , sweet curry chicken pizza , 50cm for 14,50 $ , home delivered . 
  sometimes i like not living in central berlin . 
  okay ? 
  i 'm not talking about groups though , i 'm talking about individuals . 
  unless you want to make a point that * everyone * from those groups is a criminal and has criminal tendencies ? 
  or being used as expendable material in another war . 
  or barely having enough to eat 'cause you 're a mere peasant . 
  or having some mercenaries come through , again , rape , pillage and burn your village and hut . 
  really , the place to live !, 
  question | answer -- | -- where are you from ? 
  | germany , born and raised . 
  what languages can you speak fluently ? 
  | german , english , rusty russian . 
  what is your usual timezone ? 
  | cet/utc +1 have you had previous experience as a mod inside or outside of reddit ? 
  | been a moderator for the official r/europe discord for a while now as well as past experience in such matters for videogames . 
  what do you like the most about / r/europe ? 
  | the exchange between people ( good or bad ) as well as the continous flow of information and cultural exchange .
