  oh bullshit , no matter where you are most people lack a healthy dose of `` critical thinking '' . 
  you can see it here on reddit just like on fb . 
  many speak english , not french or german . 
  why would germany care about that ? 
  lol, 
  cnn is not attempting to influence german elections and political opinion directly . 
  and ? 
  him being now dead serves them better though , it means they can mystify him for propaganda usage and spin conspiracies around him . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm glad he died of a sudden lead overdose , but it might very well had been better if he did n't . 
  well , keep in mind that they burn out their recruitment tools very quickly . 
  they ca n't keep repeating the same message over and over but require new `` fuel '' every now and then . 
  they ca n't do much with a guy that is sitting in prison and did n't actually become a martyr or hell , even spilled the beans about why he did it and what his background was . 
  oh but they do !, 
  for what ? 
  that morale bombing does n't work ? 
  pretty common knowledge , it had the exact same effect during the blitz . 
   their beer consumption [ mfw ] ( http://www.festivalsallaround.com/fest2014/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/092014oktoberfest_1280x720.jpg ), 
  murder , terrorism , intent of dangerous harm , association with an enemy of the constitution etc. 
  and it had the exact opposite effect , increasing morale . 
  so many civilians dying for nothing . 
  yeah 'cause nazis can only be found in germany !, 
  :d sorry if your illusions do n't pass as reality in the real world . 
  ah i see , you 're just a fan of neo-nazis . 
  sorry but `` volksverhetzung '' and hate speech is a real thing that will be punished , does n't matter if you call for jihad or for the murder of refugees . 
   jail a citizen who put some anti-refugee remarks on fb ? 
  calm down breitbart . 
  good thing that never happened . 
   the person is illegally in the country no , they are not . 
  yeah and fill up the prisons to the brim , overstretch the court system , all at the cost of the tax payer . 
  aside from that , it ai n't even illegal . 
  he was not trying to tackle him but rather followed him while talking to the police on the phone . 
  * slight * difference . 
  very common phrase that is used outside of religion as well . 
  think of it more in line with `` oh my god ! '', 
  and similiar . 
   he will became foreign minister 2017-2021 the office of the foreign minister is the `` dead zone '' for german politicians . 
  once their time ends , they get that office ... so please , do n't make schultz foreign minister . 
  * right * , so when people present their opinions as facts and others dispute that , they are nazi apologists . 
  how did it go again `` everyone i do n't like is hitler '' ? 
  aside from that , no , killing combattants while not wearing a uniform is illegal under international law . 
  the end . 
  under international law , no , it is not legal . 
  the difference is that , while this may not strictly be a `` german '' school , it employs teachers from germany , shares part of the education system and is ( partly ) funded by the german embassy . 
  hah , they did the same with germany . 
  please , just fuck off akp . 
  well , she is for someone who has restraining orders against every female under the age of 50 in their neighbourhood . 
  [ now read the articles ] ( https://lmgtfy.com/?q=bbc+drone+strikes ) seriously , they are as neutral as it gets . 
  they also link to plenty of opinion releases that take different stances on it . 
  there is also a huge difference between targeting and killing active combatants and specifically sending hitman after civilians . 
  ( did i mention that this is a bbc magazine release ? 
  the article will be easier to digest for readers , thats the point of a magazine . ), 
  since bin laden was fighting a `` holy war '' as well as inciting the war on terror and being the highest commander in an organisation that actively takes part in armed conflict , yes , he is most definitly a hostile combatant . 
   but the difference in reporting from bbc . 
  the bbc reports just fine on the drone killings . 
  and criticises it quite a bit as well , but unlike other political outlets it holds a neutral stance and does n't have to finance itself through ridiculous headlines and political stances . 
  only because the pakistanis are upset that one of their favorite puppets was killed , does n't mean that international law was broken . 
  quite the contrary , that wikipedia article actually gives no evidence whatsoever to your claim . 
  but hey , it 's the us so must be evil something something . 
   the death of dr. laden himself , also allegedly in violation of international law . 
  holy . 
  shit . 
  til communism = `` sure , they 're redistributing the wealth in any chance they got . '', 
  [ mfw ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/016/729/large.jpg )  like being the us backed militia tak is a us backed militia ... could n't make this up if i tried . 
   no not cooperation , budget cuts . 
  so the budget cuts started in the 60 's ? 
  interesting . 
   we have no meaningful cooperation with each other . 
  german and dutch command would disagree . 
   cooperation is good with some countries ah nevermind , you just got a particular hate for germany . 
  have a nice day then . 
  wuuu , isolationism !, 
  oh and not the result of budget cuts , but rather cooperation . 
  but yay nationalism . 
  `` we 're totally not communists/fascists ! '', 
  -  goes ahead and does communist , revolutionary stuff . 
  totally not communists . 
  the dutch and german security forces and militaries are already working hand-in-hand . 
  our security is your security and the other way around . 
  fuck off please , thank you . 
  that is not logical ... at all . 
  russia could just walz over europe , without anything that we could do about it . 
  we ca n't nuke them , but they can just nuke our high-command or other strategical important sites . 
  a single nuke does n't turn the entirety of europe into a wasteland ffs . 
   they 're hardcore leftists ? 
  last time i checked communism , revolutionary and borderline-anarchy tendencies all fall under the definition of `` leftist '' . 
  ah , the virtue of the post-fact debate in a perfect display here . 
  if he can not read what he wants to read , he 'll just pretend you said it anyway ... 
  dude , you got some issues :'d, 
   german thinks someone should be arrested and jailed for holding `` wrong '' opinions nah , but hey , cool way of interpreting something . 
  you always this radical in your approach ? 
  i might just have the party for you !, 
   you are very aware op did n't specify europe . 
  good thing this is n't r/europe then ... oh wait . 
   does n't take away from the fact far left wing governments have been the most murderous entities of the past century since you are so hardbound on circlejerking about that `` fact '' , as you call it . 
  you might want to look at south america while you 're at it . 
   with tens of millions of victims in europe as well . 
  so just like right-wing governments then !, 
  man , who would have thought that political extremes are a bad thing ... til / s, 
  no one did anything `` to greece '' . 
  quite to contrary believe there are a whole bunch of economics arguing that greece is doing a lot better than it seems ... but you do n't win elections with that .
