  or perhaps you vote for your president ? 
  what about the ministers , do you vote for each of them ? 
  they fulfill a representative and historical role which is undeniable . 
  most royals do not have any power nor do they really do anything other than being a national-mascot and a remnant of times past . 
  okay ... and what does that have to do with the eu in this context ? 
  last i checked membership is voluntary and the benefits are quite extreme for the eastern nations ... but oh well , `` muh soros money amiright '' huehuehue ... 
   the eu going hard on the eastern countries which have historically known subjugation/islamist oppression when has poland ever known islamist oppression ? 
  is this some new `` alternative history '' ? 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  this is not some kinda banana republic where visas are issues by some miracle on a full moon ...  good luck with passing language test ( f.e. 
  ielts ) with needed results . 
  yeah not all that difficult , but i guess the people still appreciate you wishing them good luck . 
   english speaking freeloaders ? 
  [ oh no ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/012/900/c9b.jpg ), 
  and why exactly would they suddenly stop emigrating ? 
  a work visa is only specifically for working in the country , you can still immigrate regularly . 
  not really how it works . 
  isis propaganda and recruitment needs to be based on something , while there are certain nutjobs who just need to hear `` jihad '' and get ak-signs in their eyes , many more ( especially younger ones ) are very much on the fence . 
  which is why isis * loves * attacks on muslims or legislation directed at islam , since it gives them a legitimate thing they can parade around without having to pull it out of a camel 's arse . 
  that 's a very good question , i 'd also love to know how he got it . 
  aight , let me say it another way . 
  `` in theory '' it is their job , in practice i have yet to see any of that . 
   go to your disciplinary superior and ask him to redo the whole education about `` beschwerderecht '' , if you honestly believe what you just said . 
  oh i 've been out for a bit now and no , i 'm not one of those people who says `` thank god '' . 
  and while the beschwerderecht is applicable , that does not mean that your life wo n't be miserable . 
  it 's the same as anywhere else , technically you are protected , in praxis that translates very differently though . 
   the assumption that the wehrbeauftragter is not going to do anything is ridiculous . 
  you will always get an answer !, 
  while true , i actually have an example of this from my own experience . 
  guy send a letter to the wb about the way one of the officers conducted himself and treated the recruits , physical threats etc. 
  - about 2 weeks later , the hauptmann reads the letter , word for word , infront of every zug and basically asks `` who the hell is snitching '' and we better not think about writing something like this again , good times . 
  and yes , this was part of an educational and mandatory lesson that the entire zug had to attend . 
  while i do not like talking about our military in a bad way , there are certain things that are still going * very * wrong . 
  especially with certain officers and those who have been in a unit for longer getting a lot of leeway and `` good will '' that seemingly never runs out . 
  so i 'm rather thankful i went to a fresher regiment that had n't been around all that long . 
   and ask your `` officer friends '' why they are not doing anything about that situation . 
  as is their job . 
  no it is n't their job . 
  they can report them but since the system is setup in such a way that `` doing something about it '' will result in everyone knowing about your actions - the alternative is writing anonymously , but in that case nothing will happen . 
  and even * if * something happens , far-right offenses are not taken serious in the bundeswehr . 
  hell , it is illegal for an officer to try and influence his subordinates politically and ideologically , guess what our zugf\u00fchrer said in our very first lesson during basic training : `` a proper german soldier has to vote right , not for any of that left-wing scum ! '', 
  guess what , no one cares about it . 
  nothing would stop them of moving there , quite contrary , the influx of people would become even greater . 
  agreed , just like a large part of the ns elite deserved death . 
  but they got a proper and ( relatively ) fair trial . 
  that 's the important bit . 
  executing people because you can or with a showtrial is jumping from one extra-judical government to another ... 
  which is no different . 
  at all . 
  but i am sure that partisans and the clna made a great jury , judge and executioner . 
  pretty sad statement , one that says more about op and other in this thread than some might think . 
  mob justice is never justified , no matter against whom . 
  we hold ourselves to a certain standard , with no exceptions . 
  anyone saying they are european , in a geographical and more importantly cultural and moral sense , should probably think about if they really uphold the values they praise , when looking at such a picture and agreeing with mob justice . 
   increasing the number of of large conventional weapons adds virtually nothing to to our security and the security of europe . 
  such a ridiculous and flat out false statement . 
  they have the same issues with erosion . 
  however , mali is even more punishing and extreme , as the ground and sand is very , very fine and almost impossible to filter . 
  yet it does n't . 
  there was a single occurrence where such a complaint occured , and that was the infamous `` karfreitag gefecht '' in which german troops where in a high-intensity firefight for multiple hours without support or relief . 
  and yes , in such a scenario the barrel will eventually begin to warp after you fire multiple hundred rounds without giving it time to cool down . 
  as i said before , the complaints came from bureaucrats and people not knowing what they are talking about when it comes to the weapons . 
  a german squad is already equipped with mg4 's , g28 's and , hopefully , mg5 's soon . 
  ( karfreitag gefecht still had mg3 's in service on a squad level ), 
  the complaints from the bureacrats and people who know jack-all about weapons or how to use them . 
  no shit the barrel is going to warp if you send 120 rounds through it in the span of 45 seconds in 40 \u00b0 c !, 
  aside from the fact that israel is n't surrounded by 50 hostile states , i am not quite sure how illegal settlements relate to a safer political situation for the country . 
  actually , it does the exact opposite . 
  or any other military ever . 
  dingos were partly made specifically for those environments , guess what , they still break down a shitload because these regions are extremely harsh on the equipment . 
  yep , like i said . 
  some serious issues . 
  hey , i can be edgy as well - why did n't serbians get mass-raped and murdered in the 90 's then ? 
  afterall they got their genocidal tendencies down , 
  nah he is just a well known extremist with his `` anti-german '' agenda . 
  it 's kinda pathetic , really . 
  you wan na get nationalism ? 
  'cause this is how you get nationalism . 
   sigmar `` welcome refugees '' gabriel nice troll attempt  if netayahu wnated to meet pegida in germany . 
  that is his choice then . 
  not sure why exactly he would do that , but then again , unlike netanyahu german politicians are n't taking a page or two out of ` early-stage erdoganism ', 
  damn son , you got some issues . 
  harsh climate conditions and terrain are the bane of all heavy ( armored ) and advanced vehicles ? 
  colour me * shocked * . 
  in other news , water has been found to be indeed wet . 
  which is still complete and utter garbage , thanks spiegel !, 
  hint : do n't trust spiegel on defense matters , their writers are a bunch of idiots . 
  considering that the british media has been hard at work warping the public perception since the 90 's , i highly doubt that . 
  furthermore , the ` leave-campaign ' would just have found something else to sway the vote on ... hell , the refugee crisis was n't even the biggest factor . 
  oh come on , if not in 2016 it would have been 2018 or any other year in the near future . 
  earlier might even be better for the rest of the eu . 
  keep in mind that , as the article states itself , this list is not comprehensive of the entire arsenal nor the complete amount of vehicles . 
  this is largely a bureaucracy issue that evolved out of splicing the military and their aquisitions too much with politicians and civilians . 
  also does n't help that the navy helicopters can not yet be replaced by the nh-90 , because it has been ruled `` unsafe '' for maritime operations ... even though every other nations does just fine . 
  that 's germany and the military for you - not like anyone cares , most people are happy never to have the military mentioned in their presence anyways . 
  makes them feel less * comfy * . 
  the author is skipping over a very significant part of the conclusion though and that is that they seem to underestimate the potential of germany throwing mad amounts of money at their industry and military . 
  hell , there are hundreds of tanks still mothballed and dozens if not hundreds more at the manufacturing plans of kmw . 
  his political connections in the german government can shift the attitude of the government and push them to further action against turkey . 
  jesus , cmon people this is not rocket science .
