  has russia done the same for the attack in berlin ? 
  in westminster ? 
  or france outside of the bataclan theater ? 
  and mh17 still does not sit well with a lot of people , nor their war in ukraine . 
  one can moan about it but the reality is that this would be a one-sided and unappreciated gesture , for a nation actively opposing europe . 
  kadyrov rules as a puppet and can hardly be considered a hardcore salafist or ideologist . 
  he is a corrupt pos and little else , doing whatever he has to do to stay in power . 
   i 'm sure well , you 'd be wrong in the sense that there exist no radical islamic areas within europe , at least none that i know of . 
  rather if anything , it is state sanctioned bullying as in countries that value the `` good christian values ! '', 
  `` inconvenient '' in this case basically means economical disaster . 
  well , first of all we 're not belgium . 
  but yes , i 'd actually support such a law ... if it were n't unconstitutional and would never pass , especially not in the cdu as it 'd also invite similiar laws for all religions in the country . 
  and oh boy , the csu would be pissed about that ... 
  very interesting and well researched article . 
  it 's interesting to see how large they make themselves and thus , create a much bigger presence of themselves than they actually have while reader - and viewership declines or stays the same . 
  i 'd be interested in how many views these websites get from outside latvia . 
  ah , it truly is election season . 
   should n't have participated in bombing of yugoslavia then , given the complex history between two countries . 
  lol wut first of all , it was a nato operation and secondly , history plays no significance in those events . 
   the interests of germany are n't always the best interests of serbia . 
  just like serbias interests are n't the same as germanys , like , is this news ? 
   the first use of luftwaffe after second world war and reunification ? 
  yeah 'cause there was no prior need to use them - or do you believe that germans went out of their way and said `` no no , we have to reserve this special moment for serbia !, 
  we hate them so much ! '', 
  it 's in a similar state as any other air force is in . 
  equipment breaks and has to be replaced , which takes time . 
  a considerably better state has been achieved with around 60-70 % of euro fighters available and ready within 2 days . 
  another 30 ( or more ) are on constant alert and can be scrambled within minutes . 
  this is largely due to russia, 
  that bullshit again ... 
  inb4 poles talking about how they are being `` raped economically '' by everyone / s, 
  yes , rather accurate . 
  thank you for your contribution . 
   germany needs a reputable right-wing party we have the cdu , so thank you for your concern but we 're happy with that . 
    * scoff * are anime sounds a thing now ? 
  here is some [ medical advice for the problem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5bmyz3emxg ) . 
  yes , populism . 
  ya know , without the '' . 
   while the americans , french , english , saudi , qatari , israeli , turks , and others were not invited to intervene . 
  they actually were . 
  there was a un security counsil resolution that was supported by russia and china as well and began the mission . 
   and if he has any proof that the russian army is fighting in ukraine , i 'd like to see it . 
  it 's called `` google '' . 
   name a single west european non-islamist party that actively has islamophobia as part of its agenda . 
  that 's really not a hard one but ok .  it 's almost as if she and her father are two different people . 
  lol . 
  and it is n't you twat . 
  there is a homosexual character in it , big fucking deal . 
  no problem . 
  anti-jewish propaganda and mindsets are once again represented and accepted in europe on two fronts , the islamic one , which is largely represented on the internet and holds a relatively small ground and the right-wing / `` alt right '' nationalist ones which occupy the internet similiarly while also holding a rather significant public presence . 
  considering how , especially the latter , is allowed on talk-shows again and even a rise in elections , it 's no wonder many jewish people are rather concerned . 
  hell , a member of one of the most anti-jewish , pro-holocaust political dynasties has a chance to become the french president !, 
  they have declined quite significantly since the last 20 years ... 
   i 've got lgbt friends sure thing bruh  because they are just normal people ... and what makes you think that it 's any different in the movie ? 
  which i already clarified as not being the thing that i meant . 
  rather , i agreed with op but misunderstood his original comment . 
  that 's not happening though . 
  there is nothing to `` get '' . 
  your comparison is uncalled for in this situation and not anywhere nearly applicable . 
  in your scenario , it would be perfectly fine to start yelling at the police officer about `` oh really all laws ?!?!? 
  waddabout the nazis ?! '', 
  when he says `` oh well , the law is the law . '', 
  ah another person who dislikes the concept of laws , interesting . 
  yeah why follow laws ... actually , why have them at all ? 
  you 'll just look petty and small-minded !!!, 
  fuck off with your nazi comparisons . 
  now what i meant ... at all bruh but ok specifically was referring to people from the specified area , like india , pakistan bangladesh etc. 
  being `` asian '' and not at all from the middle east . 
  might wan na ask someone who lived through that about it instead of this `` alternative history '' and `` muh good old days !, 
  no , just the name of the area . 
  sorry but most of the world does n't practice `` alternative geography '' . 
  edit : jesus christ , i misinterpreted the comment as saying `` yeah it 's now normal to say that instead in the uk !, 
  apologies for that . 
  uhm ... no . 
  ah so nothing about iran then . 
  and the tanks ended up not being sold but okay , you are `` special '' i see . 
  an incident in such a high-security area of this kind is always treated as a terrorist incident until more information become available . 
  shoot me a source about selling weapons to iran . 
  aside from that , turkey is the one showering the saudis with weapons and enterprises , so no moral high ground for you , 
  doubt that tbh , pakistan is in such a fucked position and india would immediately capitalise on that . 
  ok ... how is that a world war or `` the most vile one '' . 
  that 's actually a pretty gross statement considering what happened in ww2 . 
   pakistan is such a big fan of turkey , they have yet to recognise armenia lol . 
  eh , pakistan has the head stuck so far up its own bum that they still think they could go toe to toe with india . 
  which is why specific input by others is important to paint a proper picture imo . 
  eh pakistan is too busy bitch-fighting with india to be of any relevance outside of financing and housing the taliban . 
  only mentioned azerbaijan because it was regional , it 's not like anyone cares about them . 
  hell , when it comes to countries who dislike em , we can add iran to the list . 
  which is a stupid way of thinking when looking at multiple things . 
  anyone who is actually interested in discerning information , is willing to look at things on a case-by-case basis . 
  austria is certainly a bad example but hungary and poland objectively are n't . 
   overly dramatic and maybe childish ? 
  yes . 
  do i care ? 
  see and with that kind of thing you discredit yourself . 
  please . 
  read the comment chain you are responding to . 
  since he/she only mentioned austria as * part * of the comment , saying it discredits all of it is just ridiculous . 
   saying it refuses to do anything helpful is asinine , stupid and plain wrong . 
  cool , coulda pointed that out without `` discrediting '' the entire comment .
