  could you imagine if it were the aleksy kind ? 
  since i was talking about individuals who are suffering from psychosis , i suppose those who try to emulate terrorist activities . 
  it 's mentally unstable people seeing a way to get on the news or having some weird fantasy . 
  does n't even relate to the refugee crisis since the person is a germam citizen . 
  but does it matter on r/europe nooooo ... 
  he is a german citizen, 
  seems more like a nutjob . 
  we had one recently in berlin as well , was standing around and shouting ` alahu ackbar ' while threatening to stab people with a knife . 
  police arrived , tried talking to him , he attacked one of the officers and got shot . 
  ca n't really comment about the second article but the third is nothing special , sadly . 
  happens all the time in berlin between the russian and arab mob . 
  or the maczedonians , or the romanians and turks . 
  pick your poison . 
  only the first article says something about the person being an illegal immigrant . 
  the other 2 are just stabbings, 
  our musical overlords !, 
  take yoga classes and become flexi man - seriously , friend of mine is 2m and had to sit in a bus for 24h ( school trip ) . 
  my legs were completely fucked after that , he was fine, 
  the irish government was supposed to regulate lending , not the ecb . 
  just like the ecb is n't responsible for the lending process with other countries . 
  ireland 's government failed on policy and regulation in that regard . 
  that the ecb then decided to put more pressure on ireland was most likely a mistake . 
  here is another nice part towards your numbers of 42 % , a rebuttal from your rebuttal ... i guess ? 
   `` it does represent the irish as paying 42 % of a particular kind of cost involved in europe 's bank bailouts , but so ? 
  that 's like claiming we paid `` 42 % of the cost of everybody 's meal '' , when what we really paid was 42 % of the cash ( as opposed to card payments ) , which we laid down for just our own meal , and which came about only because other people mostly did n't use cash '', 
  it was not the eu 's fuck up , not by a long shot . 
  also , your numbers are false - [ here is a comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/2abp0c/you_are_aware_that_ireland_bailed_out_the/cith8nk ) that explains it a lot better than i have the time right now, 
  greece was fucked long before it even joined the eu . 
  economical stability and prosperity leads to peace and avoids conflict . 
  that is exactly what the eu does . 
  mix it with some very generous funding for infrastructure and cultural projects as well as exchanges between countries . 
  or general health care . 
  or some of the strongest consumer protection on earth . 
  the eu may not be perfect but it 's an amazing thing that has the potential to change our continent for centuries to come . 
  uhm , germany is rather pro-eu and so is france ( with a strong opposition , but still in the vast majority ) . 
  you have ireland , pro-eu and the baltics which have all kinds of issues currently . 
  in times of crisis the voices of critics tend to be much louder . 
  or you could pull your head out of your behind and look at the different statements made by organizers , police , city hall etc. 
  then look at some pictures and , with a little bit of effort of your ` thinky part ' , you might realise `` well damn , that 's probably around 100.000 people or even more ! '', 
  what a bunch of non-sense, 
  it really is n't but that may of course change depending on the country . 
  organizers tend to exagerate quite a bit , however police ( at least in germany ) tend to hit pretty close to numbers reported in national news and other independent sources . 
  this is n't some kind of teenage boy we are talking about but a massively important organisation that has ensured continued peace on our continent for the longest period in history to this date . 
  the eu needs strong voices to guide it and that can only be achieved if a country stays in and does n't make up excuses to get out ** for no logicial reason other than vote fishing **, 
  not about what you said but the implications that you are making . 
  and ? 
  in the 70 's and 80 's majority of modern day terrorists were irish and germans . 
  where they all krypto-muslims ? 
   family with 10-year old son . 
  a relative could have applied for asylum and have their family follow them later . 
   how much politically active one needs to be in russia to get asylum in norway ? 
  dunno but all things considered they must have had a pretty good reason , since norway is rather harsh with asylum applications . 
  ah yes , because wahabism and regional differences as well as cultural differences are all the same . 
  wait ... was there not a thing called `` shias '' and `` sunnis '' ? 
  or nations in the pacific who practice islam ... weird , i must 've been dreaming that . 
  til that all terrorists are muslims , apparently . 
  do you know how he looks ? 
  because i do n't . 
  did n't know all muslims had to subscribe to the same ideology as some other muslims . 
  til . 
   why would a non muslim russian 17 year old who came to norway as asylum seeker do this ? 
  political reasons , for example . 
  but hey , somehow i am not surprised finding * certain people * posting the * most important * bit of information in a thread like this . 
  the article was n't misleading merely a very short write-up of the available information . 
  plenty of reasons you can apply for asylum if you 're from russia , considering that there is open discrimination against homosexuals , political activists etc. 
  funny how quickly people turn into `` not my nationality ! '', 
  maybe it 's time we accept the fact that germans are the reason for nazism ? 
  weird , it 's the same kind of generalisation that does n't work for the larger picture . 
  what a stupid sentiment, 
  of course a polish newspaper would say that ... 
  like granting the judiciary body the ability to kill you - or those wrongfully convicted . 
  very few cases are 100 % . 
  but there are many more issues with it , all of them readily available and widely discussed . 
  of course it is . 
  our resident alt-righters and such rub their hands in glee whenever such an event occurs , it 's the only times they 'll get upvotes in r/europe after all . 
  while it has a certain propaganda touch , none of the things said are necessarily wrong . 
  pkk * is * a terrori organisation afterall . 
  so it 's okay to add another thing to the list ? 
  jesus dude ... 
   to everyone who will cry : it is nothing to do with this sub , it is local crime -- try to think why they bury her in israel . 
  she is french . 
  her family members are french . 
  they are doing it because their france is no more . 
  ah so you have asked the family personally for their opinion ? 
  'cause burying the dead in israel is a pretty old practice ... 
  damn , smells like agenda-pusher in here . 
  you just did . 
  or do you suffer from spontaneous amnesia ? 
  ah alright so gay people and women are a nuisance . 
  very 16th century of you . 
  here is the deal : read and use google . 
  well , that is very unfortunate but predictable . 
  georgia still has a long way to go ... but not like that is unusual in europe . 
  cool , i 'd like to discriminate against slovenians in my country as they are obviously not fit for our country . 
  / s perfectly fine right ? 
  what a surprise . 
  it 's election bullshit that goes directly against the constitution - so yeah , not gon na happen * in that proposed way * . 
  neither npd nor afd are a religion . 
  furthermore , neither of them are ` regulated ' . 
  reminds me of the questionaires in fascist nations during the 30 's .
