  uhm ... but poland has the pis government , sooo ... 
  brexit did not even happen yet, 
  not merkel , but sigmar gabriel . 
  i identify as a business man and capitalist , respect muh rights !, 
  seriously though , are you mentally challenged ? 
  australia is really bad , but then again it 's also a country the size of a continent . 
  the issue in germany lies with the cables . 
  basically , the entire country still runs on copper cables . 
  now those were a solid option two decades ago and * can * be upgraded , as was done in the forms of adsl , adsl2 and adsl2 + and further recently with vdsl , which combines fibre optic cables and copper cables and on which the telekom has a monopoly . 
  now you might think to yourself `` but wait , is n't there something missing ? '', 
  and you would be quite right , there is no completely fibre optic variant . 
  while i know that it exists , it 's more of a pink unicorn than anything else . 
  the big decider is , that the german government has decided to not get evolved in the development of the network and has handed such development over to the telekom . 
  the telekom has the absolute monopoly on the market , with other providers having to pay * them * to use their cables . 
  the telekom is , of course , very happy with this status quo , as they can not only dictate the prices but also keep all the developments in check . 
  in both eastern europe and scandinavia , the state put down enough money and everyone else chipped in for faster internet , a solution that worked wonders . 
   on the point of apps , germans do seem more `` risk adverse '' to a paperless or money-less society as i said , it 's part of this technical/cultural stagnation in terms of the internet . 
  without there being cheap , easily available and fast options for anyone , there will always be enough people who just do n't use the internet as an active part of their life . 
  ( one also has to mention that the conservative side in germany is very strong and riddled with old people who do n't use the internet anyways ) happy `` neuland f\u00fcr uns alle '' , the 3 year anniversary of one of the most ridiculous statements ever made . 
   but then why not ban other likewise harmful symbols or uttering ? 
  they are . 
  if you get yourself a tattoo saying `` all chinese deserve to be culled like the filth they are ! '', 
  then you will probably be in a similiar situation . 
  that depends on the comparisons you want to draft . 
  for example , romania has just made 1gb/s available for 9,99 $ . 
  in germany , the absolute maximum you can currently get , is 400mbit/s from kabel deutschland for 45 $ . 
  it 's extremely unlikely however , that you have access to such speeds . 
  i currently live in berlin , the capital for gods sake , and here i ca n't even get 100mbit/s . 
  this gets worse and worse in rural regions , some people do n't have access to internet at all or rather do have access ( like , 2mbit/s ) and have to pay ridiculous prices for it . 
  this situation is not only impacting the economy , as larger companies are more and more dependant on a good internet connection , but general culture as well . 
  having been to sweden for example , paper bus tickets did n't really exist any more , most things were done through your phone and apps . 
  a concept that would be and sadly is considered ridiculous by many germans . 
   a few elite professionals interpret the law `` britons have had enough of experts ! '', 
  while true , very few of these factors apply to modern turks in germany . 
  while i 'm no economist , [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/publication16004_en.pdf ) is a short publication i could dig up on the topic of financial crisis in turkey . 
  although it mostly concerns itself with 2009 , it also mentions the previous crisis , in the 90 's . 
  since it was the failure of the government during that time , one could argue that * any * government that took two pages out of `` economy for idiots '' could have achieved the same thing . 
  it was also a fortunate time to invest in turkey , as it was much cheaper labor wise and production wise than in central europe , while still being close enough for very short transfer distances . 
   your kindergarten-tier education of your own country 's history really does not impress . 
  hahaha , that 's really cute in context . 
  nice try though :d  your northern neighbors who 's been here since the ice melted . 
  all your ancestors lived in denmark since the ice melted ? 
  you have a lineage that you can trace back roughly 12.000 years ? 
  my , that * is * impressive and also ridiculously unlikely . 
  and now , please , educate yourself before making any more statements on matters that you have little to no knowledge in . 
  oh okay , because in that case germans do n't exist . 
  the german ethnicity has mixed itself through sooo many wars , that you can hardly recognise it anymore . 
  entire generations were mixed in the thirty-year war due to huge amounts of rape from sellswords that were roaming the lands . 
  italians , polish-lithuanians , scandinavians . 
  did i mention that the area of germany has always been a hub for trading ? 
  meaning many ethnicities could be found in the cities , creating offspring and enlarging the genetic pool . 
  so no , there is no `` natives '' argument here . 
  just like there is n't one for the baltics ( mostly ) or most other european countries . 
   we hate erdogan but it would be complete nonsense to deny the economic developments . 
  it 's highly questionable if erdogan had much to do with it though or if these developments had come by themselves as well . 
  that 's funny , means a large amount of americans are n't actually americans . 
  did anyone tell them ? 
  `` opinion piece '', 
   it 's a muslim country , that 's all . 
  well italy and mussolini are obvious , i mean it is a christian country , that 's all . 
  hitler in germany and austria , easy explanation , they are a christian country after all . 
  what did you think would happen ? 
  josep tito is another easy one , i mean he was part of the balkans , pff . 
  what else could have happened . 
  finally , stalin , lenin , mao ... obvious , they are all communists . 
  only one way how that could go . 
  ** / s ** and now please , bugger off with your bullshit . 
  do n't underestimate the stupidity of religious nutjobs or fanatical idiots . 
   when the inner-works of european politics is all behind the closed doors of the council and nobody knows what is said , done , agreed or disagreed . 
  italy gets the exact same treatment but hey , do n't let me interrupt the circlejerk, 
  someone is gobbling up the erdogan dessert very nicely . 
  unless you go * deep * into southern germany you wo n't find very many racist people ... 
  germany is not responsible for their citizens and how they conduct their life . 
  if someone sucks in school , tough shit you 're probably not gon na end up studying . 
   yet in germany , you will be hard pressed to find a single turk in a university . 
  bull . 
  shit . 
  take a look inside berlin 's universities , hell , the son of my local kebap shop owner is getting his masters right now . 
   most finish their education at elementary level , if they even finish that that 's not at all how education works in germany ...  turkish women in germany ? 
  doing the same thing as turkish women in turkey . 
   too busy making kids and praying to dress up - absolute majority is covered with veils and never had a job . 
  yeah !, 
  who needs opposition in a democracy anyways ?!, 
  well , at least we can drop the democratic part now . 
  ah yes , that 's why they arrest them ( `` detain '' is putting someone into the police car to ask them some questions , not ship them off to jail ) in the middle of the night . 
  also , seems like a lot of people are suddenly pkk and terrorist supporters . 
  my , my ai n't that interesting . 
  [ okay ] ( http://intpolicydigest.org/2016/01/05/does-erdogan-intend-to-eliminate-kurds-in-turkey/ ) this any better ? 
  * riiiight * - okay i 'll just back away slowly and let you rant about how `` history does n't matter ! '', 
  russian refugees ... from across the russian border ... nope , this does not make * any * sense whatsoever, 
  awesome game , still think it 's the single player game i played the most of in my life . 
  funny enough , while the story and such might originate partly from folklore , i actually thought the soundtrack itself was probably the most impressive and `` connecting '' element . 
  after the teutonic order conquered the territories in 1230 , they began to assimilate and convert the prussians , as well as bringing in christian settlers . 
  even after the ( civil ) war between the teutonic order and the kingdom of poland , k\u00f6nigsberg remained in prussian/knight order hands . 
  in ... uhm , like 1520 or 1525 the teutonic order then reformed the order-state into the duchy of prussia , which was absorbed into brandenburg later on . 
  interestingly enough , it is used in k\u00f6nigsberg but not in brandenburg ... then again brandenburg during that time was mostly busy getting raided and messed up . 
  kalinigrad/k \u00f6nigsberg had been under german rule since the ... uhm , like 10th century ? 
  ( im blanking on my history lessons - it was actually the 12th-13th century ) thus you could even argue for silver or gold coins . 
  hardly a fair general statement . 
  no one wants to deny eligible people asylum and actual refugees are more than welcome , however , if you are doing neither and just want to move on to the uk or whatever , well tough shit .
