  since the anti-religion mindset is very strong in france , especially left-wing movements are likely to take issue with religious symbols . 
  i 'm calling some ` fake news ' bullshit on that d\u00fclmen line without a source . 
  with the exception that the mi5 is not a brown cesspool of right-wing sentiment . 
  a swamp that has still not been drained . 
  every time i hear and read one of iohannis 's speeches , i 'm amazed how good they are . 
  no populism , no extremism but an appeal to the sensible people in psd and trying to fix a situation without destabilising the country . 
  it 's what makes him popular , it gets him into the news and everytime he does this shit , a few more idiots listen to the crap he is spilling everywhere . 
   one is native . 
  ca n't be helped . 
  so is the other one . 
  they are citizens of the country afterall . 
  define `` common '' . 
  over 70 % of executions are drug-related due to the drug war on their border . 
  the rest being things like murder , treason , rape and sodomy . 
  ( the last should n't come as a surprise in iran . ), 
  since i 'm doubting that the scientist from the article is a large-scale drug trafficker , it limits the scale somewhat . 
  `` freeriders '' paying most into the eu as well as going up to 2 % spending this year . 
  because he sounds like he is borderline insane/alt-right . 
  you got issues, 
   europe has a history of wanting to keep down spain . 
  hahahahahahaha . 
  `` it 's not so great ... but whatever , i prefer the status quo without any change whatsoever '' great argument . 
  perhaps the eu could apoint a minister in times of need . 
  and why is that ? 
  well , that 's ... weird to say the least . 
  no matter the country , there is always a reason for such an extremely harsh punishment like the death sentence . 
  ( harsh even for iran , usually reserved for drug dealers in the border regions ) they also did not release the charges , only that they are `` security-related '' . 
  while terrible indeed , i 'm really curious as to why he is given such an extreme treatment . 
  raging racism , 
  roll for logic - you failed . 
  there is no hint of him being extremely religious . 
  so such methods are like ... taking someone from czechia , burning the bible infront of him and making him eat kebab . 
  like , man , the ** hell ** that 'd be ... 
  that 's poisoning someone and a crime . 
  small details and all that . 
  and how exactly ? 
   excellent job , and a stark contrast with us policeman who are oddly trigger-happy it 's called ` luck ' . 
  he took 5 rounds to the abdomen/upper body and survived , which is insanely lucky . 
  and comparing french soldiers with rifles to us policement ? 
  seriously ? 
  anti-semitism unique to germany ? 
  bruh , do u even history ? 
   so every combat troop officer has this knowledge . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5rszcc/shooting_incident_at_louvre_in_paris_bbc_news/dd9z7ct/ ), 
  commando warfare is such an insanely broad term , basically everything that fallis , sp\u00e4her and egb does . 
  ( or * can * do ) while ol1 and ol2 do teach that , it 's more basic knowledge more than anything . 
  ol3 might incorporate that . 
  you 're not supposed to be neutral , what triggers me is j\u00e4ger operating behind enemy lines or the sentiment that officer training teaches `` commando warfare '' . 
  u/frankonia this comment triggers me . 
  you want me to count ? 
  some deranged ones at a train station , we had one in my district who kept waddling about shouting `` allahu akbar '' while brandishing a knife ( seriously , the guy was beyond repair ) , some of the mentally crippled sometimes do it because they think it will get them attention ... 
  when i was in paris in 2012 i asked one of the guards at the arc and he showed me . 
  mags all loaded , just no round in the chamber . 
  no , not at all . 
  commando capabilities go much , much further than that . 
  they include the ability to operate behind enemy lines , search-and-destroy , pick and secure landing sites , gather intelligence ... 
  which is why j\u00e4ger and panzergrenadiere do not have commando capabilities . 
  `` commando '' is not only applicable to sf , but rather to any with commando capabilities . 
  in germany , that would include fallschirmj\u00e4ger and gebirgsj\u00e4ger , even though they are not special forces . 
   does tend to be an extremist . 
  not really . 
  germany had enough cases of the mentally ill , from all believes and ethnicities , do that just to get in the news . 
   since she 's on point on domestic issues and especially causes behind the afd . 
  that is a questionable assessment to be honest . 
  die linke has a talent to ignore all domestic issues that do n't fit their personal agenda and the causes of the afd are so varied that her very narrow reasoning , as to the causes , is not applicable outside of political events . 
   but too much is too much . 
  well , she * is * the leader of the extreme-left , communist wing of die linke but as kepetry , she is doing the talking for the party . 
  that depends , it could be very beneficient for all of europe in the sense of establishing us as a power to stay and not merely a short-lived experiment of nations . 
  prussians said the same thing about the empire afterall ... 
   and not all of die linke are `` putinversteher '' certainly not all of them , however , since gysi pretty much left dr. wagenknecht is the most vocal voice in the party with a very , * very * pro-russia stance . 
  considering that most of the voter base also comes from former gdr states , this attitude by many is not surprising . 
  afd is very similiar in the sense of `` german-russian brotherhood '' and looking to russia for confirmation of their ideology . 
  there are certainly others though , russian/soviet-germans are part of it , however , those are likely to either vote left or right anyways . 
  considering that the afd is polling at 12-13 % and die linke at around 8 % at the moment , that number adds up . 
  glad the soldier is safe , quick thinking on his buddys part . 
  you got ta be pretty daft to attack a commando with a knife though - or perhaps he was actually believing the bullshit that breitbart and the_donald like to spout about how french soldiers are not allowed to carry ammo in their guns ? 
  soldiers are patrolling everywhere in paris ( and perhaps france ) since many years . 
  louvre , airport , arc de thriomphe and so on . 
  as i said , you can say whatever you want in russia as a lowly individual . 
  as long as you do n't hold an office or are a public figure , nothing is going to happen to you except perhaps getting attacked by putin fans via vk . 
  russia will never cease to have an identity crisis . 
   russian interests and german interests are not opposing they are very much so opposing one another . 
  russia wants to keep the eu from `` properly '' coming together and form the superpower that it could be , which would mean russia sitting in the shadow of a global rival with all of the disadvantages . 
  it would also mean their influence would be diminished , which they currently try to keep up with their provocations and constant threats towards the baltics and eastern europe . 
  a weak , right-wing ee is an ee just to russias liking . 
  and so is the right ? 
  what is your point ? 
  well , if you are a public figure then yes . 
  oh cool , so croatia , bosnia , macedonia do n't actually exist . 
  good to know . 
  so in case of civil war borders cease existing all of a sudden ? 
   we will defend democracy which one ? 
  the will of the people or the emergency ordinance ? 
  because the second one is n't democracy ... 
  the question should be whether people still give a fuck about borders or not . 
  because if they do n't , russia has done nothing wrong apparently . 
  civil war = !, 
  nation ceasing to exist . 
  it is still a state , failed or not , it does not matter . 
  it is still a sovereign nation with set borders .
