  nope , everyone who has signed the un refugee declaration also has an obligation to accept refugees . 
  the `` nearest safest country '' is also only applicable if they are granted all their human rights there , which turkey is extremely unlikely to do but everyone just looks away . 
  ( which i 'm okay with , but it remains the same . ), 
  not sure about the danish government but germany ca n't , otherwise we would default to a `` take all and everyone '' standard . 
  you can modify it , as was done in the 90 's , in 2015 , 2016 and will be done in the future . 
  however , you can not remove it as this is a law created due to the necessity of complying with the constitution . 
  this would be even more funny if you were to actually believe that . 
   in turkey you dont . 
  depends which group you belong to . 
  but you are right , which is also why i did n't said they 'd constitute for another `` refugee status '' of a different kind , but rather for asylum . 
  same question for you - name me a country that is actually willing to follow it 's ** legal ** obligation of taking in their fair share of the refugees and asylum seekers that is situated along that route . 
  no because that would be unconstitutional . 
   this has basically been economic migration because turkey is a safe country already . 
  going from one shithole to the next and then wanting out is not necessarily `` economic migration '' . 
  the refugee status does not just dissapear after you arrive in the first safe country , mind you . 
   the living conditions in turkey are undeniably very bad for many refugees . 
  they are so bad that the people there would already be able to apply for asylum on even more grounds . 
   but dont much differ from the conditions in which maybe billions of poor people live in the current world . 
  europe is not a continent of `` billions of poor '' . 
  we are not rural india . 
   but ok , more money should have been sent to turkey to improve the conditions . 
  not a solution as turkey will merely invest the money to fuel their own military or propaganda projects . 
  can you name me a single country in-between willing to take them ? 
   but can be rejected the important bit bein the `` can '' - part . 
  they do n't have to be rejected and should n't be if it makes no sense to do so . 
  a law that is rooted in the declaration of human rights , which is part of gg art 1 . 
  thus it is part of the constitution , just not directly named there . 
   is there provision for freely choosing the country to seek the asylum at ? 
  pretty much , yes . 
  you can apply for asylum in any country you wish , as long as they have that provision in their law-system . 
   and do all the countries along the way have to grant right of passage ? 
  no they do n't . 
  unless a random country , let 's call it ` greece ' , was about to implode on itself under the massive amounts of people and pressure had to be taken off . 
  in that case , yes , someone has to do something . 
  none of which are willing to take them . 
  no , it does not . 
  it also very specifically promises to protect people and grant them asylum , be it for political or religious reasons . 
  jesus christ , alright , i 'll break this basic concept down to you . 
  a country spends x amount on it 's military of which different percentages are used for different things . 
  most western militaries spend around about 50 % of their budget on salaries alone . 
  the rest goes towards maintenance , new equipment , contracts etc. 
  now , a russian junior officer makes about 11.000 rubels per month , that is barely 174 $ ( !!! ) . 
  in comparison , a german officer makes around 3000 $ per month . 
  the same applies to all new equipment , since russia only buys domestic produced equipment ( with some exceptions ) and the manufacturers are heavily reliant on the state , russia buys equipment a lot cheaper as well . 
  furthermore , when contracting for maintenance and such russia also spends a lot less due to the lower wages . 
  now what does this mean , overall ? 
  well , it means that russia gets a lot more for the same amount of money . 
  they are able to have 20 officers for the same price of a single german officer . 
  that 's also why gdp , ppp and so on are all irrelevant in such a debate . 
  do you know what `` different prices '' means ? 
  or `` salary '' ? 
  yeah but you 're also an `` alt-righter '' soooo ... yeah . . 
   russia 's gdp is about italy 's in size , it should n't be too hard to outgun them , if we tried . 
  if we tried , yes . 
  however , keep in mind the differences in what russia can buy * in * russia for that money and what european nations can buy * in europe * for that money . 
  you 'll find that russia gets about 3x the amount that you 'll get in a european country . 
  why would the french not like it ? 
  or the british . 
  our army is already larger than the british one , so that 's not gon na make a difference ... 
   egyptian man attacks french soldiers while shouting `` allahu ackbar '' . 
  because no one has ever done that before ... jesus . 
  aside from that , he is a family father from a wealthy family living in saudi arabia , travels to paris packs a machete and spraycans ( ? 
  ) , tweets something and then attacks two soldiers . 
  like , i 'm sorry but that 's just not the watermark of an ideologically driven terrorist . 
  not at all even . 
  source . 
  not at all what this comment chain is about and thus a pointless question to answer and go into great detail with . 
  that 's the best example of `` anti-immigration '' posts online ? 
  if i did n't know better i 'd almost say you were extremely biased ... 
  how dare you !, 
  he is merely defending the `` good christian values '' of king jesus christ of poland !, 
  because no one or very few people in europe would say that we have a `` gun culture '' . 
  for example , in germany people will consider you rather weird for owning a weapon that you frequently use and did n't just inherit from your grandfather . 
  france has somewhat of a hunting culture , but that has little to do with guns necessarily . 
  nah , they are not . 
  most of these guns are in large collections of individuals or in rural areas and used for hunting . 
   this proposal completely bans some commonly used hunting rifles from being bought by hunters . 
  this proposal bans certain , unnecessary for hunting , rifles that do the same thing as any other hunting rifle . 
  the people `` outraged '' about it are some weird gun nuts with nothing better to do . 
  if you have a long-rifle with a large-capacity mag right now , then nothing changes for you . 
  if you 're a reservist , then your government can give you an `` a clearence '' and likely will do so , again , nothing changes for you . 
  so yeah , go educate yourself ffs . 
  good that we 're not talking about licensed hunting rifles . 
   terrorism is , in its broadest sense , the use of intentionally indiscriminate violence as a means to create terror or fear , in order to achieve a political , religious , or ideological aim . 
  since a school shooting is unlikely to include that definition , it also eludes the definition of `` terrorism '' . 
  the perpetrator might aim to create fear and terror , however , in most cases it 's supposed to be a sort of `` collective punishment '' projected from a few individuals onto the entire school . 
  well , that 's a bit different than the `` 10 videogames that will turn your kid into a mass murderer !!! '', 
  narrative that was pushed for a while . 
  school shootings happen . 
  it 's unfortunate and terrible , but they still happen . 
  at least nowadays movies , books and videogames are n't blamed anymore by every media outlet ... 
  and what do wars have to do with civilian owned firearms or their regulation ? 
   why should europeans change their way of live to accommodate other cultures ? 
  would you care to elaborate ? 
  guns are not exactly part of `` european culture '' . 
  considering that the suspect has been confirmed as a 17yr old teenager who intended to target the headmaster , i 'd chalk it down as `` not terrorism '' . 
  school shootings are now also terror ? 
  to the surprise of absoloutly no one . 
  again , incitement is a vital part of it . 
  it 's not called `` volksverhetzung '' for nothing .
