  suuuuuure a few kill-squads murdering people at random , gas chambers and skinning people alive , but really ... there ai n't nothing wrong with that !, 
  okay ... and ? 
  none of that has anything to do with your initial statement . 
  the euro merely accelerated those issues by a few years , it would have happened one way or another . 
  the euro was n't a `` key factor '' nor did it play a critical role , the nations feeling the effects now did not do so due to the euro but rather due to an inherently failed way of approaching an economy . 
  do n't forget that southern europe was , and partly still is , incredibly corrupt with few people capable of handling a large economy and the knowledge ( and will ) to fix issues . 
  their military ` was ' quite powerful . 
  while the turkish military is relatively well equipped , the internal workings are incredibly screwed up due to political actions . 
  this weakens a military more than anything else ever could . 
  yeh , saw that and france 's 59 % and was thinking to myself `` huh , odd ... that ca n't be right . '', 
  pretty sure most dutch speakers will understand a bit of german and the other way around . 
  some time ago i was talking to some belgians and they began to chat to one another in dutch . 
  while i could n't tell you word by word what they said , the general topics and meaning were pretty clear . 
  you 're still hugarian , ukrainian , russian etc. 
  by being born in that country . 
  it 's not a choice . 
  someone born in portugal with portugese citizenship will always be portugese , no matter whether he `` chooses to identify as something else '' . 
  same thing in ukraine , just because the people in the eastern part of ukraine would rather be part of russia and are branded traitors , does not make them any less ukrainian for the rest of their lives . 
  trying to argue that is merely making a `` not a real scotsman !, 
  '' - argument . 
   citizenship just means that the state is responsible for you , nothing more . 
  kind of sad for someone to actually say that . 
   that makes you ukrainian ? 
  citizenship ? 
  additionally to being born in ukraine , yes , that makes you ukrainian . 
  just like my family could move to hungary , get citizenship and my children would be hungarian with german ancestry . 
  r/europe and it 's political leaning is extremely dependent on the posts you visit . 
  there are just as many right-wingers as there are left-wingers . 
  uhm ... what ? 
  no , that 's exactly how things work . 
  until your passport and citizenship are revoked , you are a citizen of that nation . 
  and you have gained nothing and wasted time and resources , great job !, 
  aside from being unreliable and inhumane , there are many solid reasons why torture is banned in most of the western world . 
  * spain * does . 
  not the eu . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like the idea . 
  however , the entire effort is so ridiculously massive and knowing the eu , half the countries being in favor of it will opt-out of it because `` political gains and other bullshit '' . 
  you also ca n't just `` unnature reserve '' something , really . 
  very little . 
  torture as a method of gaining information has been proven , over and over again , to be ineffective as the individual will say anything to end the torture . 
  it is also not legitimate or do you trust the police so little as not to be able to catch someone eventually ? 
  all of europes security services were searching for him . 
   it would be 100 % professional no . 
  it would be criminal . 
  you happen to have an uninhabited island lying around that is also large enough and has a full security setup ? 
  as well as the facilities to grant the people there a minimum standard of living , as rooted in most constitutions in europe ? 
  or how do we have a common security apparatus that would be able to enforce it ? 
   why russia is ours ( western ) opponent ? 
  because russia has over and over again proven that it is unwilling to integrate/cooperate into a new europe . 
  quite the opposite , russia aims to expand its sphere of influence both through the threat of military action as well as a propaganda-war . 
  add to that the issue of russia being a de-facto dictatorship , with a strongmen on top who is unpredictable . 
  cooperation may or may not be russias goal or perhaps they just wish to carve themselves their own little corner of europe . 
  it is the ` threat ' that makes russia so dangerous . 
  the threat of a war between russia and nato . 
  the threat of an incredibly influencial russian propaganda machine that is financing right-wing factions in the eu and thus aiming to pick the union apart . 
  a weak eu is good for russia , never forget that . 
  and now we back away slowly from the crazy . 
   the very reason all those refugees are there is because unlike * certain other nations * we follow international law and obligations ? 
  cool , thats actually correct !, 
  if only the leftists would wake up !, 
  if only the right-wing nazis would finally grow a brain !, 
  populism relies on being an echo chamber in which no one goes against the tide or speaks out against the common rhetoric . 
  those that do are swiftly kicked out as they endanger the indoctrination of new arrivals into a world where only `` their sources '' are the right ones . 
  no matter whether it comes from a legitimate source or if hitler/stalin/mao wrote it himself . 
   seeing how you actually trust your media and government that threw your and lots of other countries in chaos . 
  did n't even know that spiegel online had * that * much power !, 
  they achieved what the `` nationalblatt '' never could . 
  but yeah , it 's total chaos in europe right now ... anarchy !, 
  the sky will fall on our heads i 'm telling you !, 
   women , some even children , are murdered and raped , stores blown up sooo , nothing has changed ? 
  or did i miss the celebrations of a 0 % violent crime rate in europe ? 
  man , we truly are the greatest continent of them all . 
  without any war , nationalism , propaganda , extremely bloated national identities that subscribe to the idea of violent expansionism or populism . 
   i trust a `` media '' that says rapists and murderers are rapists and murderers . 
  no , you trust those painting the people you want to view as rapists and murderers as rapists and murderers . 
  post-fact society and all that . 
  furthermore `` group belonging '' also plays a huge role . 
  all extremes in the political and religious spectrum are very good at playing the `` us vs. 
  them '' card . 
   while there 's fire next door . 
  yet there is n't . 
   or are you actually one of the muslims and you 're doing taqiyya right now to spread your religion ? 
  yeah !, 
  i 'm also a secret isis-oper8tor who will come for all you kuffars at night !, 
  hand me your women now !, 
  what ? 
  [ mfw ] ( http://imgur.com/a/tquxr ) i feel really insulted . 
   you think i trust my media or something ? 
  apparently you trust some kind of media that paints an ... `` interesting '' picture to say the least . 
   keep letting your women be raped while you are ignorant true , am literally raped and beheaded * right now * . 
  hardly notice it anymore - oh , also the police came in and told me my gf now belongs to a bunch of asylum seekers as a sex-slave . 
  yep . 
  ** / s **  my flag has nothing to do with this matte apologies , it 's your nationality i was refering to . 
  but there is n't any censorship in th - * looks at flag * you know what ? 
  nevermind . 
  what a bunch of garbage , but nice rant anyways . 
  get your tinfoil wrap everyone !, 
  soon the pc police will be on the streets !, 
  i 'm telling you !, 
  r/the _ donald has prophesized it !,
