   your ally ?? 
  oh please , i wan na see who says that opposing saudi arabia and their extremism is `` islamophobic '', 
   with generous funding from the environment ministry , government supporters are engaged in a ground war for local hearts and minds in support of the `` active management '' approach . 
  `` the pseudo-ecologists are destroying the forest , we are rebuilding it '' , reads a banner hanging over the road to bia\u0142owie\u017ca from bia\u0142ystok , the regional capital . 
  hmmm , [ where have i heard that one before ] ( https://youtu.be/gggigtjk7ma?t=1m2s ), 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  considering the amount of arrests made every week in the uk , i highly doubt that security in that regard should be a concern . 
  but you ca n't arrest everyone based merely on `` thought crime '' , otherwise a lot of people in this thread would have the police knock on their door . 
   because that is never going to happen since they need a 2/3rd majority for that and nobody outside of catalonia and basque country wants to give them the opportunity well , andalusia is profiting . 
  other than that there are only small regions that have such a low gdp that they ca n't function themselves . 
  however , by your logic the basques , madrid , aragon , navarre etc. 
  would also want to gain independence ? 
  should be easy enough to get that 2/3 majority then . 
   what else are they supposed to do achieve things the diplomatic way instead of stomping their feet on the ground and start crying and screaming every time they do n't get exactly what they want ... hey that reminds me , are you bavarian ? 
  that would explain some things . 
  that 's not really an issue . 
  especially because certain phrases in both languages just become common enough to be understood one way or another . 
  english is also abundant . 
   even like radio transmissions would cause problems all radio transmissions are done in english anyways in these units . 
  oh nice a r/the _ europe poster , do n't see you bunch of mongs around a lot . 
  idiots out in force today . 
  true , although not always the case . 
  would be interesting how something like that could enter the uk , although if you really want to you can smuggle probably anything . 
   that 's why the constitution needs to be changed . 
  ah , now , that would make sense , would n't it ? 
  but that 's not what those calling for indepence want , they want to vote on it and ignore the constituion -  then cry about that they ca n't . 
  and you 're a bit of a retard , huh ? 
  that right is provided , the catalonians just do n't like how it is implemented . 
  the nation has to vote on it and not just the region , cause guess what , that 's why it 's a nation and not a bunch of lines attached to one another . 
   so what if the facts point towards this being a religiously motivated attack ? 
  then what ? 
  then there needs to be analysis how the individual was radicalised , where he came from ( if not native to the uk ) and how the explosives were smuggled into the country . 
  as i said , factual analysis based around the event and then move to draw conclusions on a potential background and what might have been overlooked . 
  ah so prevent events that have n't even happened by targeting people who are not connected to it . 
  man , sounds like a solid plan . 
  might wan na call the office of the reichskanzler in 1933 though and talk to him about it , he shares those ideas . 
   people look to whoever is accountable and the reasoning behind their actions if only , `` people '' as an entity tend to look to whomever they want to perceive as guilty and to an easy explanation as to why they are guilty . 
   looking at the correlation/motivation behind why people are doing this is the way of understanding and preventing it in future , no ? 
  certainly , but it requires calm and * factual * analysis to identify the problem and then find solutions for them . 
  sure , but those attacks had little to do with islam , the middle east or whatever else . 
  and they should stir up anger and sadness . 
  but seeing people use such opportunities to push their agenda and extremist rhetorics onto other people who feel emotionally conflicted is revolting . 
  part of them , yeah . 
  'cause that 's a very generalizing statement . 
  well , i 'm not hurt , but thanks for the concern . 
  then again , i 'm not quite sure how a restriction to immigration would have prevented attacks by people who were born in the uk ... 
  was terrorism also a major problem 20 or 30 years ago ? 
  sure but i ca n't change the event that happened already . 
  but i sure as hell can be pissed at idiots circlejerking themselves off on a bunch of dead teenagers . 
  those were part of a regular immigration movement however , not the one everyone thinks of . 
  by all means , keep being an agenda pusher . 
  man , if only the uk would not have taken any of those refugees amiright ... oh no wait , they did n't, 
  you know exactly what i mean . 
  corpses are n't even cold and `` hey look what time it is !, 
  time to break out the good old agenda pusher table ... now , let 's roll the dice and see what 's it gon na be today . '', 
  shrapnel is always a thing in every ied of a certain size . 
  the explosive material was likely smuggled in , since he was either part of a cell or connected enough to get his hands on one . 
  i 'm more curious as to how he got in in the first place , since a vest this size would n't be easy to conceal and a backpack would have to been checked . 
  these fucking comments , jesus christ some people ... 
  there are so many explosive combinations you can make yourself , as long as you find the right recipe for it . 
  for a detonator all you need is a wire with a battery . 
  you 'd be surprised how easy it is to make something that large and deadly . 
  ied 's were made in afghanistan and by the is by literal children . 
  well , yeah . 
  no shit . 
  being ` known to the authorities ' does n't mean anything . 
  if he was a petty criminal , he was known to the authorities , maybe he was even tracked online for his internet activity and was thus known to the authorities . 
  the sentence does n't mean a thing . 
  british home intelligence stabbed the hornets nest and can make a shit load of arrests . 
  but it also means that some will scramble fast enough to slip through . 
  they share a language and a culture though , whether some catalonian extremists like it or not . 
  furthermore , making a case solely around `` muh culture '' is , as i said above , a very short-sighted and just unnecessary case to revolve an indepence movement around . 
   this rule obviously does n't target all regions equally yet it applies to all regions equally . 
  but i guess catalonians wan na be special again . 
   but no good justification except that only 23 % of the population seem themselves as catalonian only with the rest as `` both '' and `` spanish only '' . 
  right then . 
   if they actually crack down on the independence movement with force , catalan independence will gain all the legitimacy it will ever need not really . 
  transnistria is not a legitimate state even though romania cracked down with force . 
  scotland never cited their culture as a reason to leave the uk or because of their language . 
  jesus christ dude ... 
  no , common sense . 
  the entire indepence movement is based around the idea of `` muh culture !, 
  '' , which i do n't view as a good enough reason to turn yourself into a southern european transnistria . 
   no , this also applies to the other regions . 
  ah , so it is n't inherently biased against the catalans , since it applies to everyone . 
   which is not a good reason at all on its own true , but in the context of the location of catalonia and the plans of those rooting for indepence , it is extremely important . 
  not even to mention that this gives spain a legal basis to take action against the region , should they move forward with these plans . 
   which is intentionally biased against the catalans ah of course only against them and not all the other regions either . 
  nah-uh , it 's only the poor catalans . 
  / s  they have no ethical reason to respect this social contract they have a legal one though - it 's funny that those calling for indepence are also somehow confident that they would n't turn into a spanish transnistria . 
  wanting independence for the wrong reasons and merely as a `` political show '' is indeed edgy , yes . 
   `` notions of western betrayal '' is a reference to `` a sense of historical and moral responsibility '' for the west 's `` abandonment of ( central and ) eastern europe at the end of the second world war , '' according to professors charlotte bretherton and john vogler . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] in central and eastern europe the interpretation of the outcome of the munich crisis of 1938 , and the yalta conference of 1945 , as a betrayal of central and eastern europe by western powers has been used by central and eastern european leaders to put pressure on western countries to acquiesce to more recent political requests such as membership in nato . 
  [ 3 ] but nice fallacy anyways . 
  eastern europe wants to get babysitted whenever it suits them and start bitching whenever they do n't get what they want , apparently . 
  then again luckily enough i know plenty of ee 's who are very much unlike you . 
   selling us to the soviet union weird , last i remember no one sold eastern europe to anyone . 
  then again you got one wicked victim complex so there is that . 
  correct . 
  there is a constitution in place that rules a catalonian-only referendum illegal .
