  yet it came out as a relatively competent aircraft , requiring more work to be sure , but semi-competent and plagued with problems . 
  over time i 'm certain the a400m will turn into a great product once time , money and manpower has been invested to get rid of the miriad of issues but until then it is too expensive and too unreliable for any nation to invest into it . 
  we can , but it will take a lot of time . 
  the a400m is a good start but not quite there yet and will need a lot more work . 
  airbus would also be unable to build like 20 more of them in a short amount of time to supply france and germany . 
  that 's highly dependent on the developments in the coming years . 
  in the end , it also would not matter what the soldier himself wants to do , but rather what the public would be ready to accept . 
  orders are orders but the public may or may not be the dealbreaker in such a scenario . 
  vtol has very limited , very specific uses that are not very relevant considering the massive drawbacks you suffer . 
  because the airbus alternative for a transport plane is the a400m , a plane that is still plagued with problems ( as many are when they come out ) is very expensive in comparison and requires a lot more training and experience than the c-130j . 
  the c-130 is known as a workhorse for a reason . 
  the eurofighter is actually considerably less expensive than the f-35 and even then , saab and france offer very capable alternatives to the top-end fighter . 
   right of conquest does not exist . 
  ( anymore ), 
  certainly , although it still is in many parts of society in eastern europe . 
  what i was trying to show is that this standard has not even been done away with all that long in europe and authoritarian regimes , like iran or saudi-arabia , are much , much slower . 
  go back around about 50-70 years in the past , you will be shocked . 
  what a useless post . 
  no , not really . 
  till 2008 no one cared about what russia did and they were left completely alone . 
  at that point however , russia began to have funny ideas about becoming an influential superpower again , fighting a few wars , massively investing in its military , exercises in belarus for fighting in a nuked warsaw , massive troop deployments to kalinigrad etc. 
  * eventually * nato had to respond , you can only poke the other side for so long . 
  unfortunately , considering that a shitload of russians were fleeing the country , a new enemy was needed and well , if there is n't one at hand you got ta create one . 
  or georgia . 
  that 'd be a comparison if south america was another global superpower that the us oppressed for a solid 50 years straight and was now having a few wars in the border nations , trying to fuck them over . 
  oh and running a massive propaganda campaign as well as funding right-wing movements in an attempt to destabilize the region and bring along nationalism feeling , thus preventing unification . 
  it 's been 5hrs , pretty sure we can mark that one down . 
   everybody is pointing guns at you and you are the bad guys ? 
  yes ... nato are the ones pointing the guns , not the russians pointing the other way in kalinigrad with their tactical ballistic missiles or in eastern ukraine naaaaaaah . 
   russia must be a huge threat to us , if we need sooo many forces against them !, 
  correct . 
  dat rant though aside from that , what are `` missile points '' and `` tactical airports '' ? 
  are they like the 5.11 version of regular airports ? 
  while that is true , it is my inherent believe that this will be largely dependent on how it is sold . 
  merely more military spending or rather more money spent for the eu and germany as the large defending force ? 
  imo i 'd rather scrap the tax decrease ( that i did not even know about ) for more military spending . 
  aside from this being a `` give and take '' deal with the nsa , the defense budget has nothing to do with the activities or funding of the bnd . 
  pretty sure the target set by merkel was 2 % till 2020 . 
  i expect schulz , should he win , to keep this up . 
  actually ... that might be good question to research his opinion on ... 
  how can you hate on mayonnaise ? 
   yes , but none of that will be reported in public media . 
  but how would merkel or germany fix that ? 
  unless ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
   but these values does n't need a religion to be taught to humans . 
  yes , they do . 
  because humans need a group associated to these values , not the values themselves . 
  `` western values '' , `` demoractic values '' they all are part of a group or ideology . 
   do animals need a religion to cope with deaths of their nearest ? 
  what a stupid comparison . 
   why do you need religion for that ? 
  because humans are individuals and thus different individuals respond better or worse to different coping mechanisms . 
  one might be helped by therapy , another through a new hobby and another might find his/her peace in religion . 
   tell you this is bad or good when science does exactly that and explains the real consequence of your actions . 
  religion offers guidelines , science explanations . 
  science does * not * tell what is `` good or bad '' since science does not offer specific values . 
   if religions would instantly disappear would we suddenly lose the values they teach ? 
  no , but you 'd see a lot less people applying those values . 
  instead replaced by what is also human nature . 
  namingly violence , hate , rivalry etc. 
  't was merely a joke , jeezus, 
  dividing poland, 
  not religious at all , i 'm an agnostic . 
  but i make an effort to understand the allure of religion . 
   especially when you know most of it is just a fairytale . 
  is it though ? 
  the values that are being taught and preached are n't fairytales , neither is the coping-mechanism or the aspect of belonging to a group . 
   i do n't understand this `` believe '' in something that does n't exist or is false ? 
  if the concept of `` believe '' is that alien to you , then i can not help you . 
   how can anyone believe in a religion which states that the world is 5000-6000 years ? 
  who says that anyone has to believe in that specific aspect ? 
  religion is not an all-inclusive premium package . 
  plenty of scientists are religious , how * dare * they ... 
  see , this is why estonia can not into nordic, 
  some people have a too narrow-minded view on religion . 
  it 's not necessarily something done merely out of tradition but also because they might have a reason to ` believe ' . 
  people who are coping with traumatic events might find their relief in religion , instead of hundreds of wasted therapy hours . 
  that is a good thing . 
  another individual might choose to do it for the `` good values '' and trying to turn his or her life around by joining a religion . 
  do n't forget , the aspect of not being alone but a `` part of something '' is very important . 
  and while religions have caused a lot of conflict , even into the present day , they have equally helped a great deal of people . 
  conflict would exist one way or another , with religions or without . 
  no , your comment was a statement of fact , not an opinion . 
  say it with me , * opinion pieces *, 
  * edgy *, 
  yes [ very ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/nsu-prozess-verfassungsschutz-hat-mordserie-mit-ermoeglicht-a-1082481.html ) laughable , no , [ really ] ( http://www.fr-online.de/politik/berlin-attentat-kritik-am-verfassungsschutz,1472596,35034624.html ) . 
  es w\u00fcrde sich einreihen in die merkw\u00fcrdigkeiten und skandale im hause maa\u00dfen . `` funny , considering anis amri got one fake identity after another * from * the verfassungsschutz . 
  now , if you do n't mind , i 'd love to see that verfassungschutz-id from you . 
  do n't you have to attend a protest in dresden shouting ` l\u00fcgenpresse !, 
  ah , an authoritarian as well . 
  guess i triggered the ideology bubble . 
  austria threatens to do it , which they already did last year and never went through with it . 
  and , since you seem to be a ` besorgter b\u00fcrger ' the military has nothing to do with the refugee status of someone , 
  and you know that ... how exactly ? 
  oh you must be working at the bfv then , please , i 'd love a photo of your dienstausweis . 
  but please blur out your name, 
  it 's either that or just utter and sheer incompetence . 
  they are known to actively help right-wing terrorists and sabotaging police investigations . 
  ( the berlin-attacker was under bfv protection ), 
  probably quite a few , however , left-wing movements are also a likely source as well as general vandalism .
