  how can you be certain that the us and eu would risk world war iii about a few baltic nations ? 
  you ca n't , that 's why it 's so dangerous . 
  funny , if someone told you 5 years ago that russia would annex crimea i 'm certain you would 've said the same . 
  and no , you 're not a `` kreml shill '' for debate . 
  you 're a `` kreml shill '' when ignoring facts or reciting rt and sputniknews . 
   but it 's hyperbolic to say that it 's an existential threat to any of there countries . 
  particularly since they are under the wing of nato now . 
  and how fast can nato react to a russian all-out attack on the baltics ? 
  who says russia wo n't decide to roll the dice whether the us or any european nation would actually respond ? 
  fact of the matter is , no one can really say whether the us would be willing to risk so many troops and such a large-scale war for some small nations like the baltics . 
  nor would any european nation be able to oppose russia by themselves . 
  no one would have thought that russia would annex crimea just because , yet they did . 
  saying `` oh , they have nothing to worry about ! '', 
  is such a short-sighted statement when there are 3 countries who could loose their independence , everything they have worked for , everything they have achieved , only because putin ate bad bortsch for breakfast . 
  riiight , diplomacy has allways worked * wonders * with russia ... 
  nukes = / = planetary power you also have to be able to project power , something only the us is currently capable of without support . 
  russia has no interest in such a framework nor is the western world willing to let a de-facto dictatorship , which breaks plenty of the nato join-up requirements and has been the largest threat to europe for centuries , suddenly into their military structure . 
  whom exactly ? 
  please , i 'm just quivering from excitement to your sources and examples, 
  so many twisted and false information aaaah it hurts !, 
  wowereit only had a right to even exist because retards were saying `` oh my god he is sooooo berlin ! '', 
   an authoritarian government makes immoral laws oh the danish government and border of nations is suddenly `` authoritarian '' . 
  hahahahaha - now get the fuck out . 
  thanks mr lawyer !, 
  i 'm sure to let ya now how i 'll definitly * not * be prosecuted for commiting a crime !, 
  solid advice m8 . 
  no seriously , i 'd love for someone to believe your shit so i can laugh when they are put to court . 
  dieter dehm is part of a group in the left wing that is very antisemite , very anti-american and borderline communistic . 
  that the man also makes over 9.000 $ a month and has a few holiday homes , is not important of course . 
  he is a cancer and nothing else . 
  national review eh ? 
  nope , fuck this . 
  are you retarded ? 
  women gets pregnant -  maternity leave with a right to receive full pay -  child is born -  more maternity leave , like over a year -  back to work . 
  they really would n't as long as the more wealthy state is left mostly unimpacted . 
  axel springer is notorious for releasing a lot of bs information . 
  part of that is the assumption that the eu would transfer to said model in just 4-5 years , utterly ridiculous in the current climate . 
  uhm ... you might want to check up on that . 
  it is illegal to enter a country without permission , thus you are commiting a crime . 
  what a bunch of crap . 
  by that logic there would have been a similar crisis when europe was still ruled by monarchs . 
  no one knows when the next war is going to break out or the next plague will stop by . 
  oh and you have no way of influencing anything . 
  that is not at all how any of these things you just mentioned work ... 
  ah so you want the uk to become the 51st state of the us . 
  i 'm afraid that wo n't happen . 
  ** this ** is one of the most important comments to put this statistic into perspective . 
  christ man , i can hardly even understand what you are trying to say . 
  facebook makes money from people . 
  more people to reach = more money . 
  now let 's count with me how many people live in the uk ? 
  64,1 million !, 
  hurray !, 
  now how many people live in the eu ? 
  510 million - 64,1 = 445,9 million people !, 
  i wonder , who would facebook do business with and negotiate ... 
  holy shit reading all your responses you seem to have no idea how * anything * related to the brexit works . . or what certain words mean . 
  like trade agreement , or economics . 
  you know , only because you say `` trade with us !! '', 
  over and over again does n't mean it will happen - did i mention that the us is much , * much * more interested in the eu as a trade partner ? 
  been following it * very * closely . 
  a large portion comes from people who came out to vote again , after they have n't done so in years . 
  ( more voters in general this year ) you also have a large amount of `` protestw\u00e4hler '' and the losses from the cdu to calculate into that . 
  so im not quite sure what your point is . 
  die linke is the most left-wing party , not facturing in the kpd . 
  sure , that 's my opinion as well and part of the reason why i despise them . 
  but it 's not what they base themselves around and what many people see in them, 
  there 's plenty of socialist parties in europe , taking the example of germany `` die linke '' . 
  in that case you 'd just vote for the socialists if it 's about wealth inequality, 
  that 's not at all how a proxy war works . 
  yes and no . 
  while deportation is underway , the process is very slow and time consuming . 
   what was your experience like ? 
  italy is somewhat excluded from that , since i did not spent as much time there . 
  generally , in both spain and greece when i asked what they were doing or why they were n't just starting their own business , if they have nothing to do all day . 
  very few took favorable to that idea . 
  the general answer was around the lines of `` why would i start my own business ? 
  only so that i can pay the state more in taxes ? 
  i do n't work to pay the state !, 
  so i 'd rather have it this way , * take * money from the state but do n't have to give anything ! '', 
  to be honest , i was rather shocked by that response and the apparent dislike that the people seem to have for taxes and anything government-related . 
  ( of course this is not the defintive answer , i got a whole bunch of different ones with different reasons . 
  but pretty much all of them featured that point about taxes ), 
  fuck this is so god damn funny to read . 
  especially since you are pretty obviously a nazi from your comment history - so fuck right off you filth . 
  ( blocked ya ), 
  furthest country away and also selling nato military secrets -  talking shit about others . 
  go back into hole of irrelevance that you came crawling out of . 
  what ... i do n't even ... how can anyone be this high ? 
  yeah the maidan protests , where ukrainians made it very clear they do n't want anything to do with russia but rather the eu . 
  then russia annexed crimea and is now waging war in eastern ukraine . 
  man that was difficult to grasp eh ... 
  so you can say with guaranteed confidence that all the new technology russia is investing in , all the new vehicles it is buying wo n't be used to further its interest in the baltics ? 
  for example , expanding kalinigrad oblast . 
  you wo n't believe how glad i am to see such footage . 
  looks very professional and well thought through . 
  good on the lithuanians . 
  well , spouting such numbers goes to show you probably dropped out of school before they could get into math and some statistics . 
  but that is alright , since you are such a stoic defender of good christian values like crucifying people , burning witches , anti-abortion and anti-science . 
  holy shit you are retarded .
