  r/europe taught me a lot about europe in general , be it how people view others , what their country might look like or what cultural and political opinions are prominent . 
  do you believe in working as a team or mostly working alone ? 
  | a bit of both , it all depends on the project and the other people in question . 
  it may be easy to work with certain people on a project but then also all the more difficult to work together with another group . 
  in general , how would you evaluate / r/europe 's rules ? 
  | very good . 
  a little unspecific but then again , this is n't a written book of law . 
  what change would you make in / r/europe if you could ? 
  | while boring , i think i 'd do very few changes . 
  perhaps more ama 's outside of political campaigning season and seeing if i could help in organizing them , aside from that not much comes to mind from an outsiders perspective . 
  why do you want to join / r/europe 's mod team ? 
  | cheesy answer coming up - i feel passionate about the subreddit and see it as one of the few places on reddit where different opinions can still be expressed and shared without having an entire train of downvotes come down on you . 
  it is also a platform for people to inform themselves about current events ( to a capacity ) and a great way to get into touch with people from other countries , cultures but also political organisations . 
  i want to help preserve that and preserve the dialogue and atmosphere that this sub has . 
  do you think politically neutral moderation is achievable and/or desirable ? 
  | yes , 100 % . 
  there was a very lengthy debate on the topic during the announcement of the fn ama . 
  while certain people vehemently disagreed and were outraged that this was a thing , i saw it as an opportunity but also to keep in line with the impartial approach of the subreddit and moderation . 
  the same thing goes for news and other things . 
  the moderators and people in charge may not like them , but as long as they are real events they affect everyone on this subreddit . 
  this is , afterall , a place for information gathering and discussion , a community , where impartial judgement and moderation is key to sustaining that above mentioned atmosphere . 
  sure but good thing there is such a concept such as `` innocent until proven guilty '' - some people like to forget about that . 
  also , refugee status does not change because you commit a crime . 
  how do you know who is a troublemaker and who is n't ? 
  by that logic we are indeed a breeding ground , just like every other country where young people commit more crimes . 
  stahp people from reproducing already !!! 11 !, 
  ah yes , well , unlike people would like to believe they ca n't remain as guests forever . 
  humans have to be occupied with something , be it work , education or whatever really . 
  same way that same are extremely resourceful there will be others ( and guess what they tend to be young people ) that will commit criminal acts . 
  and you have a crystal ball to see which young people might commit a crime ? 
  'cause i do n't . 
  and yeah , they have a right to be in germany . 
  which is why they were granted refugee status . 
  funny statement considering that the berlin police has plenty of balls ... just no funding whatsoever . 
  seriously ? 
  this is not anything special in berlin . 
  are we gon na report on every attack on homeless people by youths now ? 
  yikes , this subreddit would be flooded within a few days then . 
  or how about people shuving others infront of a train , happened three times last year . 
  but i guess this is somehow different 'cause brown skin-colour . 
  a generally good person , trying to do the right thing is rare . 
  i 'm glad , and thankful , for his work . 
  i asked who in germany is celebrating it . 
  everyone is working and no one i know would even be aware of this being a special day if their radio station would n't mention it at some point . 
  never going to happen . 
  eu citizens is already a massive stretch that will only ever happen together with france , anything beyond that is so ridiculous we might as well take bets on painting our tanks in rainbow colours . 
  let me know again once you figure out how the german military is at fault for this . 
  because they may or may not be islamic fundamentalists and just as , if not more dangerous than an akp supporter . 
  also , no german citizenship . 
  so there is that . 
  nice generalisation of the turks in germany , just unfortunate such broad strokes are not applicable . 
  a great day for the defeat of the nazis , but nothing else . 
  i will never applaud the degenerates of the soviet union , one grand evil killing another , that 's all that happened that day . 
  lol what ? 
  would love to know who in germany is celebrating it ? 
  syria today is a direct result of the war in iraq , if you want to know why look up the development of isis in the region as well as the destabilisation of the syrian regime since 2000 . 
   history does n't move backwards . 
  turkey and russia would like to disagree . 
  my source is basic biology classes that everyone had . 
  also , i 'm not talking about genes , i 'm talking about instinctual selection processes ingrained in your very being . 
  if you had read the source you 'd notice that it specifically quotes certain circumstances , such as first relationship , as factors for the environment . 
  nowhere does it mention that it transcends the border of biological instilled possibility . 
  quit bitching and read them yourselves then . 
  no one at fault except your own lazyness . 
  nice rant anyways . 
  `` how convenient to let people survive - more opium ! '', 
  you ca n't `` cross the sea illegally '' . 
  international waters are a thing . 
  how is that me talking about border checkpoints ? 
  it 's one of the few regurgitated `` arguments '' brought up by those advocating a similiar policy though . 
   you 're the one , who mentioned border checkpoints i did n't but okay . 
   if you 're not ready to have a serious conversation says the one rambling about non-existant borders or proposing things that are un-enforcable . 
  good thing that that 's not how refugee status works . 
   they will stay outside the eu . 
  out of luck , they were already in greece and italy in 2015 . 
   that 's what borders are for . 
  ah yes the border that runs through the mediterranean , are we patrolling that one with the rediscovered city of atlantis yet or is that yet to come ? 
   the safer way is to take identified and checked people directly from their countries , not only from syria , but from any place , where people are in danger . 
  who will check them ? 
  you ? 
  the individual countries ? 
  the eu ? 
  if you hold the believe that people should be denied their refugee status because they do n't believe in causing trouble then ... well . 
  good luck in life i guess, 
  ah so no answer . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  and protect them ? 
  and grant them funds ? 
  and take care that other nations ( russian springs to mind ) does not interrupt any such proposal ? 
  good luck with that . 
  definitly but then you get to percentages and in terms of being underfed or underweight , i 'm sure china , north korea and africa have a thing or two to say about that . 
  that 's almost cute . 
  and now argue that infront of court , good luck . 
  `` people follow the rule of law in the state they live in , thus they ca n't enter . '', 
  some people ... 
  `` not let them in '' okay so where will they stay ? 
  you know , you can wish it to be so but that does n't make the problem go away . 
   we should start to help them in some safer way such as ? 
  i 'd like to hear of a way that is `` safer '' . 
  `` most people '' are not overweight and unhealthy but alright .
