  meh , csu and afd are relatively similiar nowadays . 
  unlike the afd , the csu just knows how to package it into something more or less presentable . 
  the csu voter base has very little say in their policies , since the party is led by a few hardcore conservatists and that is unlikely to ever change . 
   try telling that to people living in rural areas , who don \u00b4 t have much of a choice , if there even is a doctor in their neighborhood . 
  they can file a misconduct of procedure against said doctor and a whole bunch of other things . 
  rural doctors * can * be replaced if they fuck up their job , unfortunately many people in rural areas just ca n't be bothered to do anything about them . 
  hell , honestly , i do n't know a single rural area in germany where you do n't have another 2-3 villages in the area with their own doctors . 
   the euro is really unpopular in italy . 
  certainly , but italians do n't want to abolish the euro and get rid of the eu , they want a * fiscal union * . 
  huh , interesting . 
  thank you for that . 
  the problem i see , is that this is from 2013 and if my political senses are not completely broken , the csu has dived quite a bit further into the right-wing pond during and after the refugee crisis . 
   when he resigns , there is a good chance that m5s comes into power , who want to get rid of the euro . 
  i 've got some very strong doubts that this will ever happen , but sure , it is a time of change . 
  but most certainly not the end of the eu . 
   the current form of the energiewende is all merkels doing . 
  just as much the doing of the spd as its the cdu 's and greens fault . 
  all of them ran out of ideas and plans , left it unfinished and then said `` eh , good enough . 
  we ca n't be bothered ''  it favors doctors who treat as many people as possible and rush through them , instead of a good treatment , which is something that takes time . 
  then find yourself a new doctor . 
  you have the choice , no one forces you to stay with a doctor that does n't take his time with you , you 're not shackled to him ffs . 
   the only ones who profit from the current health systems are the big pharma companies let 's implement the us system !, 
  pay 800 $ a month for still unfair treatment because you got the wrong insurance company , yeh that will totally fix it !, 
  i 'm sorry but until i see a source specifically stating that csu * voters * ( not union , csu ) are in favor of gay marriage with a majority , i 'll call bullshit on it . 
  the only party that 's more right and backwards-ridiculous than the csu is the afd . 
  suppose it comes down to a french military deployment not being a huge shit-show and media storm like it is in germany . . 
  your source states 64 % for union , so cdu/csu voters . 
  so no , csu is strictly against it . 
   which also harms spd & the greens . 
  the only thing that harms the spd and greens is their utter incompetence in every aspect of the political life . 
  they were challenged and were way too slow to respond to anything . 
  political landscapes change and if you do n't adapt , you 're left behind . 
   i don \u00b4 t really see where . 
  yes , she managed to demobilize the voters of her political enemies . 
  she got the country through three crisis now without any significant damage done . 
  that is a pretty big achievement . 
   problems with energiewende , the unfair two-class health system , infrastructure problems , the shrinking middle class , all these issues are constantly ignored . 
  energiewende was initiated by the greens and then thy just . . stopped at some point . 
  but hey , at leats we got rid of nuclear power and can all pay twice the energy prices now !, 
  good job , greens . 
  the health system is n't perfect but not unfair either . 
  pay more -  get more . 
  but you still get free treatment for you and your entire family if you do n't - and i 've never run into issues with being a kassenpatient . 
  nor has anyone else that i know . 
  infrastructure problems are l\u00e4ndersache , not federal . 
   meanwhile , the eu is breaking down around us oh got we have a doomsayer . 
  deutschland-gmbh is all a farce !, 
  cdu ? 
  perhaps . 
  csu voters ? 
  hahaha , no . 
  but i 'd be happy to be shown a source for that . 
  the cdu and spd could all throw a whole bunch of candidates into the race , but that would n't change the outcome by one bit . 
  you are indeed right , my mistake , the french counting system `` 30 \u00e0 50 '' did n't really make a whole lot of sense to me . 
  :p the only confirmation i can give you would be [ the german website of the bundeswehr ] ( https://www.bundeswehr.de/portal/a/bwde/!ut/p/c4/04_sb8k8xllm9msszpy8xbz9cp3i5eyrphk9ppkuvl3uzlzixnssqlt9gmxhrqdamqad/ ) and my own experience . 
  well , i would n't consider the forces in france and the forces de souverainet\u00e9 to be properly `` deployed '' . 
  [ here are the countries german soldiers are deployed in ] ( http://www.einsatz.bundeswehr.de/resource/resource/mzezntm4mmuzmzmymmuzmtm1mzmyztm2mzizmdmwmzazmdmwmzazmdy5njezotzinjy2mty3nzaymdiwmjaymdiw/download.jpg ) and , if i remember correctly from the top of my head that should be around 3500 - 4000 , since we also doubled the troops in mali this year . 
  * former * colonies then, 
  not sure what you mean, 
  [ fucking heretics !, 
  * right * yeah the french are all about going around west africa . 
  man , they are slaughtering those leaders by the millions ... the mali government also definitely did not ask for their help , naaaah . 
  in the case of ivory coast , you attack french un troops unprovoked , kill 9 soldiers and wound 31 more ? 
  yeah , you will get your teeth kicked in alright . 
  stupid games and all that . 
  where is the context ?? 
  good choice , rheinmetall builds excellent vehicles . 
  the gtk boxer is an amazing piece of equipment , for example . 
  just do n't let yourself get screwed by contracts like germany and it 's utterly incompetent bureaucrats . 
  interesting , these numbers are ( aside from the deployments inside of france ) similiar-ish to germany . 
  only difference is the forces in the colonies , as germany obviously does n't have any of those left . 
  ^ k\u00f6nigsberg ^ rightful ^ german ^ clay, 
  there are no planes going on bombing runes in mali at all , afaik . 
  also , german troops are already deployed in mali . 
  oh i 'm quite confident that plenty of uk politicians think of the children regularly ... 
  but ... but ... 
  ** why does no one think of the children ?!? 
  `` the boy '' - `` the girl '' - `` police officers '' now try again with some newspaper reports next to those . 
  also , i 've got news for you , the machete attacker in hagen had no affiliation with anything islamic ... but hey , whatever you read on rt or breitbart must be true . 
  russia and northern norway do n't count . 
   come on , i did not get asylum so i will work for the mafia ? 
  no not at all , i 'm not trying to suggest that thousands of people will suddenly flock to the mob . 
  unfortunately , especially in larger cities it is the sad reality that too many end up in the hands of criminal organizations . 
   get arrested eventually . 
  that remains to be seen . 
  the bamf is trying very hard to achieve a status quo , in which every deportee that just ca n't be found for 1-2 years simply gets the `` duldung '' - status and can remain here . 
  why they do that , i do not know but i 'm hoping the cdu slaps them down . 
   why do be need checkpoints in the streets no one mentioned any checkpoints . 
  how else do you want me to post into every youtube section and reddit comment how europe and germany are already islamic states and all going to shit ?!, 
  i 'm literally being raped and beheaded right now as i 'm writing this !, 
   especially since sheltering deportees is n't punished as far as i know ianal , but that could be considered `` strafvereitelung '' ( \u00a7 258 stgb ) also , those communities are reported and probably one of the first places the police would come knocking . 
  ( even though the country refuses to spend any money on them , they are competent ) criminal organizations have the bonus that the police ca n't search every apartment of these criminal families , not to mention that they are already notoriously difficult to find . 
  nah thanks , i 'll take -15 \u00b0 c up north over that . 
  well yeah , i need them to verify the claim from op about attacks every month . 
  [ wat ] ( http://imgur.com/qmkxzkh ) vw does not produce military vehicles or armaments . 
  the largest manufacturers for that are rheinmetall defence ( in cooperation with man , short rmmv ) , kmw and mercedes benz . 
  weapon systems and arms are , depending on what you are looking for , produced and supplied by h&k , walther arms , mauser , diehl bgt defence , rheinmetall and so on . 
  vw owns , afaik , none of these companies . 
  the community sense is very strong with people from afghanistan , so if one gets into contact with `` the right people '' and they extend that offer to all who are willing to participate , you can bet on it that the news will spread . 
  twelve * thousand * .
