  this new behavior goes to show that germans do n't tolerate it , that both parties have mostly been sitting on their buts and doing jack shit . 
  yes thank you i am well aware . 
  the afd was never going to win a majority though . 
  besides , it will all come down to how the multiple eu crisis are resolved . 
  if the refugee crisis subsides because there is an actual plan ( finally ) , afd will dwindle . 
  if inflation is skyrocketing again , afd will gain votes . 
  while unfortunate , i am afraid that the eu will be a thing of the past sooner or later , thanks to the utter incompetence of politicians of our era . 
  they certainly are morons and are more than likely too inept to run a government . 
  but they are messing with the political status-quo which has been so dominant in germany ( either cdu or spd on the wheel ) and i think it 's hilarious to see spd and cdu alike scrambling in fear of their votes , now that there is an actual political threat . 
  well , your group of friends seems retarded . 
  the afd may be a bunch of conservative extremists , but the amount of votes are out of protest most likely . 
  which is not something where you can say `` those stupid nazis ! '', 
  it goes to show that a large number of people are very unhappy with how things are going, 
  criminal activity is exactly that . 
  it does n't matter if it means you would have to die in a few minutes , a crime is a crime . 
  and no one has to go hungry as a refugee in a safe country , besides it was their choice to go . 
  never said that there is no other solution , thank you very much . 
  besides , somehow i do n't think some lunch packs will overrule the prospect of a large house , cars , more money than they have ever known and whatever else the smugglers promised them . 
  because an uncontrolled stream of unregistered , desperate and potentially dangerous individuals through multiple countries was at no point even remotely a good idea . 
  what happens after they arrive at the german border and are denied entrance ? 
  best case scenario , they go back . 
  but most likely they will just vanish , cross the border somewhere else or take up criminal activity . 
  because the politicians in germany and sweden would have a freakin seizure and would have to admit that their policy regarding refugees is shit . 
  unfortunately world politics is n't allways fair and unfortunately , in a strategic sense , some countries are less sovereign than others . 
  again , see mexico and the us . 
  or north korea and china . 
  every ` superpower ' will do everything to stop a rival power from putting troops at it 's borders . 
  thus , blaming the reaction is a blind move if the cause is n't blamed as well . 
  personally i have allways been a supporter of nato and that we are bound to assis a partner that is under attack . 
  which is why i 'm so dissapointed that many of the richer eu countries are so far below the 2 % nato level for military spending . 
  then again , turkey is a very , very special case considering that the current government has burnt a lot of bridges in europe . 
  not only with the governments but with the people as well . 
  yeah and all of those eu countries are part of nato . 
  so russia or , in your scenario , the ukrainian puppet state , will not dare to wiggle it 's little toe . 
  have you read anything that he said ? 
  nato is a threat to russia , thus the potential of a nato country on russias most vulnerable and massive border , was and still is an existential threat . 
  that 's like the warsaw pact putting troops into mexico !, 
  a foreign boat in greek territory which is patroled by the greek military ... yeah has nothing to do with greek borders, 
  unless you leave the un * and * the eu , i 'm afraid scotland will also have to take asylum seekers and refugees . 
  sorry , you 're not special . 
  germany is going to shit ? 
  did i miss something while i was grabbing a coffee ? 
  well , i was viewing the * we * more as a general `` here in eastern europe '' and not lithuania specifically , as the topic was shifted more broadly to refugees generally just leaving countries that they , uhm , * do n't like * . 
  so please do n't view my comment as pointing fingers directly at lithuania . 
  good thing then that no one gets blown up or makes the pile bigger . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  aside from family friends who work in construction and plenty of experience when it comes to matters how the government does things internally ? 
  ( although more military related ) not really , no . 
  they * did * take some now . 
  same has happened in poland in pilot projects with a few families only , the developments now have only occurred after months and months of negotiation , meetings and talks . 
  solid argument , 11/10 . 
  would not listen to your nonsense again , sorry . 
  if it were only that , then that 'd be fine . 
  instead it was flat out refusal to even take them for most of what eastern europe was `` screaming '' . 
  well , here is to successfull negotiations . 
  money tends to dissapear in germany , mostly because * everything * is a huge money sink . 
  consider this , the process of repairing a road fully in , let 's say sweden ( just an example ) will cost you 1 million $ and take 30 days . 
  the exact same process wil cost you 5 million $ and take 90 days on germany , as the federal state does not care whether someone even works there or not . 
  companies get to scam germany out of a ridiculous amount of money , simply by * claiming * workhours on the repair - or construction sites but not actually having anyone there . 
   the spd will stop this nonsense hahaha . 
  right . 
  and right after that happens russia , poland and the czechs decide they want to gift us the entire western part of their country in addition to k\u00f6nigsberg . 
  oh and austria wants to join up and even convert their `` language '' . 
   eu has lost it 's only member with a formidable military ( uk ) oh look , there are france , germany and italy !, 
  hey there !, 
   wants to moan and complain wut , who is moaning and complaining ? 
   demonise russia russia is doing a fine job of that without any outside help , thank you very much  bully the uk for leaving their pig pen no one has ever ` bullied ' the uk , it 's not the fault of the eu if they are too incompetent to steer their ship straight . 
   insult trump before he even begins his presidency yeah , how could one possibly do that when he is such a great guy that upholds all the western values , human rights and tries to be an advocate for world peace ... oh no wait , he is n't any of that . 
  whups . 
   the management consists mainly of former politicians and religious people . 
  no , it does n't . 
  because that would be against the law that seperate the state from the church and media . 
   about nato expansion first of all , that is not a treaty but merely a vague `` eh , would be nice if you do n't force the issue . '', 
  and nato did n't do that . 
  turns out , soviet occupation was really shitty and all the countries in the baltics flocked towards nato right after . 
  curious , huh ? 
  read !, 
  it 's a basic skill ... 
  somalia has a massive impact on the eu , both in trade due to the piracy issue as well as due to the migration . 
   an education system that the civilized world did n't have since 1910 lul hey there , this is germany, 
  that is the single dumbest thing i have heard all day . 
  also does n't help that the military has been going from one equipment clusterfuck to the next . 
  who wants to serve in a dysfunctional military ? 
  as the frenchie ( luv u neighbours ) said below , i know quite a few people that would join the military to fight for both the eu and the countries in the east . 
  yeah , yeah . 
  i will believe it when article 50 is invoked , up until then nothing is happening . 
  [ not that kind of poll/research ] ( http://www.people-press.org/2016/06/22/partisanship-and-political-animosity-in-2016/ ) but ok . yeah steinmeier has been in politics for quite a while , so ? 
  and no , he never reached the top nor is he holding any political power since 1987 , learn to count . 
   democratic process had inflicted deep wounds . 
  how fucken far you are ready to go ? 
  has it not ? 
  that 's funny , 'cause the last research poll i checked , 55 % of all democrats are scared of republicans and 49 % of all republicans are scared of democrats . 
  is n't it funny , russia got that what the us always dreamed of , a russia-friendly , anti-nato , dividing world leader that will pave the way for them . 
  ( in the case of the us it was of course the other way around ), 
  urgh , yeah , its like german politicians get elected * in * germany . 
  aside from that , none of these statements made are false . 
  respectfully disagree . 
  perhaps it happened in the media , but the deciding political spectrum is well aware that a brexit might never happen . 
  also , the contorted mess that britain turned into after the first few days spoke volumes for how ` real ' the brexit just really was . 
  it states very clearly that this is due to demographical decline , which is a reality for ** all ** western countries .
