   and what about the fact that 70 + % of the refugees are not from syria in the first place ? 
  they are sorted through . 
  there is more than just one conflict in syria ... hell , there were tens of thousands of refugees arriving every year or even month in europe , before the syrian war and no one gave a fuck . 
  no , the republic as a whole would have to decide on it . 
  states inside of germany can not pass any type of significant law aside from juggling with some regulations . 
  you have someone close by to call for your doctor ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure you forgot to take your medication . 
  the cdu is a conservative party and plenty old people are still there and against it . 
  aside from that , germany is pretty backwards on quite a few of things and at points even anti-progressive . 
  also , not a significant enough portion of the people care . 
  depends on what you mean with `` issue '' . 
  the state as a whole would have to decide on it , but extremely conservative portions like bavaria would throw a fit about it . 
   angela merkel decided to ignore the dublin convention funny it 's allways her name , considering that france and sweden did so as well . 
  and they did n't ignore it but suspended it for good reason ... kinda tired saying it over and over again . 
   and when she tried to blackmail and bully the v-4 aww poor , poor v-4 !, 
  spouting bullshit all day and throwing bitch-fits about the eu every 5 minutes while cashing in the eu money and * now * they are supposed to pull along with the rest of the eu ? 
  cry me a fucking river . 
   last time i checked german is not a race [ the term `` racial discrimination '' shall mean any distinction , exclusion , restriction , or preference based on race , colour , descent , or national or ethnic origin that has the purpose or effect of nullifying or impairing the recognition , enjoyment or exercise , on an equal footing , of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political , economic , social , cultural or any other field of public life . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism#legal ) welcome to the modern world , nice to join us from the 19th century . 
   german 's have been a plague for long time , just stirring conflict and mass killing people . 
  holy shit , you are quite literally imploding into yourself :d man you must be butthurt to let all that racism vent, 
   but german 's are like this ah alright , you 're just a racist asshole  yes , italy/germany are more powerful than v4 and have thus more votes not at all how the eu works , but keep on rambling . 
   is it hard to change the constitution ? 
  not only very difficult but it would also mean that every welfare recipient in germany or every person in prison would be reduced to the same standing . 
   refugees are supposed to be sent home after the war ends , after all . 
  they are supposed to go or send home , however , just like anyone else they may apply for citizenship in the meantime if they fulfill certain requirements . 
  or for a longer visa . 
   you and me are here legally , that 's a huge difference . 
  just like the refugees . 
  dublin regulation is suspended and thus , they are here legally . 
   my ancestors escaping wwii there is a slight difference between a world on fire and stuck in one of the bloodiest conflicts in history and a prospering , rich europe that has never had a higher standard of living and never a longer time of peace and prosperity . 
  uhm , okay then . 
  one of the largest eu countries , one who actually adheres to the rules ( unlike others ) , one of the largest military contributers . 
  just some more . 
   which part of the constitution forbids it ? 
  [ artikel 1 ] ( http://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/entscheidungen/ls20100209_1bvl000109.html ) as decided by the constitutional court in 2010 . 
   most wo n't ever integrate , so why waste time ? 
  your opinion that is not backed by facts . 
  quite the contrary , it is actually the worst way to go about it . 
   why should they complain ? 
  because they have certain rights , just like you and me . 
  do i have to remind you of your * own * words just 1 post before ? 
   no cash payments whatsoever for any reason unless they find a job . 
  yeah well , tough if they can not get a job . 
  not going to happen , as it is unconstitutional . 
  aside from that it 's also utterly ridiculous as everyone needs to be able to engage in some social activities . 
  they are supposed to * integrate * not * segregate * . 
  did i mention that it takes up to 12 months until a refugee/asylum seeker can get a work permit ? 
   if you do n't have to go to work you do n't need public transportation . 
  then how are you going to get to all the offices that need you to fill out 20 forms , where you have to show up multiple times a week for check-ins and so on ? 
  some of them are dozens of kilometers away . 
   from what i 've read food prices ain germany are among the lowest in the eu while germany is not as expensive as some others , [ have a look at this chart ] ( https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings_by_country.jsp?title=2016-mid&amp;region=150 ) . 
  germany is the cheapest in western europe but * significantly * more expensive than most of eastern europe . 
   that what workers get in poorer eu countries sure , but then again everything else is cheaper . 
  recently we had an article about a romanian provider offering 1gb/s for 9,99 $ . 
  in comparison , 100mbit/s ( ! ), 
  cost you around 50-60 $ in germany . 
   also how are they forced to work ? 
  because their benefits will be cut and reduced to an absolute minimum ( one of which you can . 
  not . 
  live off ) if they do n't . 
  edit : i fucked up the cost of living chart, 
   there is no international law , only diplomacy and war . 
  fuckin ' hell you are really a special one , eh ? 
   but your assertion is that the world and the refugees interpreted merkel the way we did because of breitbart ? 
  that is just because you are uninformed and retarded , do n't worry . 
   i think we have enough religious fascists as it is in my country yeah you are one of them it seems . 
  where was that article again yesterday about refugees thinking our european mosques are * too extreme and conservative for them * ? 
  damn , such religious nutjobs . 
  not very generous at all if you consider that they have to pay everything else from it as well . 
  ( a monthly ticket for public transportation will cost you up to 150 $ in some regions ) food is not particularly cheap , you might want to buy some of your own stuff . 
  like a book or whatever . 
  perhaps some clothing that is n't handed down from charities and such . 
  as i said , you wo n't get very far with that kind of money and you sure as shit wo n't get rich . 
   is that for life or is there a time limit ? 
  not quite sure , they will most definitly receive it until they are allowed to work . 
  after that they probably have to find work like everyone else living off of benefits . 
  as i said , the dublin regulation has been suspended by germany , sweden and france iirc . 
  ( in light of the events in greece and italy ), 
   no there are n't . 
  hah , you are actually a troll . 
  thanks for providing me with proof . 
  ah yeah , i allways like to remember a collapsed greece and italy who can not cope with the flood of people . 
  not my problem if you 're reading breitbart and not proper news . 
  thank you . 
  it seems they do n't actually have * any * reliable data for libya as it is all just estimates from the who . 
   public health data as estimated by who not the most accurate , especially if you consider that they are specifically saying homicides , which afaik does not count victims of civil war . 
   but most of the people coming through libya are not libyans while you are certainly right , it is unfortunately not for us to decide who is from where and who is n't . 
  if someone says `` i 'm from lybia '' and has a ( faked ) lybian pass , then it is up to the state to prove it fake . 
  paying rent with 300 $ would be impossible so instead the state pays the rent within the limit of what welfare-receivants would also get for that area . 
  ( which varies from area to area , as the prices are different ) they have to pay everything else from those 300 $, 
   they made it such a huge deal not really ... at all . 
  if you want to point fingers then point them at greece and italy for * daring * to not execute them all upon landing on the beaches , right ? 
   brussel is suppose to be eu ( our ) capitol they have to deal with all problems quite right ... until certain states in the east get into a bitch-fit again about how their sovereignity is being stolen and that brussel holds nothing over them . 
  make up your god damn mind already . 
  happy republic day . 
  long may it last . 
  yes !, 
  long live the republic - although i 'm afraid [ this day wo n't be far ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6zsmtxzwjm ), 
  since the dublin regulation has been suspended .
