   so if its possible to do this for decades it probably also works the other way , from syria to europe . 
  basically the same distance and such anyways . 
  not like there is an ocean between the two while ex-yugoslavia has only , mostly , unguarded landborders ... / s, 
  aww that 's actually cute . 
  common sense apparently not applicable . 
  good to know . 
  dude . 
  no , even when arriving the ` illegal ' way . 
  also where would they put them when they are taken straight to such centers ? 
  toss them on the side of the rode and make a secret jihadi signal for others to pick it up ? 
  :'d whatever dude . 
  checks on luggage and such are a thing in basically all countries of arrival , be it hungary , the balkans and even in greece to an extend . 
  no one even gets to an asylum center in germany without having their luggage checked . 
  but you keep on touting dude . 
  the flash hider is not part of the barrel and does not contribute to the length of around 50cm ... 
  yeah no , a standard m16 has a barrel length of about 50cm and you ca n't just ` break that down ' . 
  not how that works ... like , at all . 
  i did n't do so earlier but the link you supplied was specifically for an m4 ... which is the carbine version of the weapon used in this incident . 
  aight at this point you 're just rambling and not contributing anything except repeating all the previous hogwash - ` no checks ' , ` muh borders ' , ` asylum applications ! ', 
  thanks , i know how breaking down a rifle works . 
  in case you do n't know , there are certain things like upper receivers and barrels that you ca n't just make magically dissappear . 
  and last i checked bureaucracy was not needed to check someone luggage or be informed by other people that `` they are carrying something weird with them . '', 
  you must live in an odd country where that is the case ... 
  you are though , the most fabulous clothes . 
  you like to dress up krum and he loves it !, 
  you 'd be almost cute for being so edgy , if you were n't so sad at the same time ... 
  so first of all `` without being checked '' is just flat out false . 
  and next up , they are surrounded by hundreds of people at the time so i ask you again , you think no one notices , oh i dunno , a bag with a few dozen assault rifles sticking out ? 
  european hunters can still obtain hunting rifles just like they did previously . 
  the new restrictions are on certain details , like magazines with a capacity of 20 + rounds , which a hunter would never need . 
  not at all how that works ... 
  i 'd also like to see someone lug a `` couple dozen '' rifles around with him through europe without anyone noticing . 
  good luck . 
  interesting definition of ` cruel ' . 
  sexist and oppressive by our standards , definitely . 
  but cruel ? 
  i guess paying fines is now equal to torture . 
  nice cherry picking . 
  i 'll remember not to have a debate with someone like you again . 
  so many words and so much ignorance in the same stroke . 
  http://www.refworld.org/docid/4f15163e2.html but i 'm sure the un and refworld.com are just ** evil moral relativists that just do n't understand ** . 
  lashes for disobeying the dress code have not been a thing since 1994 . 
  despite what you may believe , the iranian `` justice '' system is not arbitrary . 
   punishment can mean up to 70 lashes or 60 days of imprisonment . 
  aside from your other rambling , the punishment is an absolute * maximum * of 2 months of imprisonment and i 'm not aware of anyone having the book thrown at them that decisively in a long time . 
  the more common punishment is a monetary fine , which maxes out at around 47 $ . 
  there are no lashes for not obeying the dress code . 
  and whether you like it or not , it * is * both a fashion and personal statement to most while being an affront to others . 
  colouring it as a black and white , merely because it fits your personal views , is not applicable . 
  you can tout your views on the subject as much as you want , but not if the debate at hand is about the dressing of an eu representative in a nation where such perspectives only exist to a limited extend . 
  ( no , tehran is not iran . ), 
  considering a `` strict dress code '' has high support in iran , i do n't see how a loose headcover that is , depending on your area , more or often less enforced is particularly oppressive . 
  iran is a very , very strange place when it comes to customs , laws , dress code and what women are allowed to do and not to do . 
  for example , you may wear a super-tight jeans as long as it goes down to your ankles . 
  you can basically wear anything on your head , even if it 's just some super-loose fabric where most of the hair is poking out anyways . 
  yes , the undercover and morality police are indeed a thing and depending on where you are the rules will be more or less enforced . 
  a custom that many , many women around the world be they muslim , orthodox or christian support and follow is oppressive because you say so ? 
  interesting but not particularly realistic , i 'm afraid . 
  i. . . did n't even ask a question ? 
  aside from that , this is the exact reason why the eu needs to show support for his government , which is also what i explained earlier . 
  not quite sure what you are getting at ... 
  quite simply false . 
  chamene'i has long lost his spot as the # 1 powerplayer in iranian politics . 
  plenty of the elite are very interested in closer cooperation with the west and back rouhanis reforms , otherwise he would n't have gotten elected in the first place . 
  the real threat are the revolutionary guard and their political influence as they still have more than enough power to overthrow rouhanis ( new ) reformist government . 
  for those reasons ? 
  weird , you sound to me like you got plenty of other reasons to dislike the eu ... most of them probably false , but oh well . 
  no one * has to * adopt to local customs , it is just a showing of good faith to do so . 
  plenty of european leaders go to saudi arabia without wearing a headscarf , it is ms. mogherini 's choice whether to do so or not , just like merkel can choose to do so or not . 
  i really do n't see the issue here . 
  the covering up was done by italian officials , which is their choice if they wish to do so . 
  different cultures also request different meals and drinks . 
  it 's the guests choice and any guest , no matter where they are from , can choose not to have alcohol served at the official dinner on their diplomatic visit . 
  really , people just seem to want to turn everything into something they can be outraged and upset about ... 
  considering that rouhani is , for iran , a * very * progressive politician who just got re-elected and will likely continue his swath of changes , both in the political landscape and on the acceptance front , it is important for the eu to show face and show support for rouhani . 
  achievements and steps forward do n't come out of nowhere , they need to be backed and the eu is an important backer of rouhanis reforms . 
  so before you start your emotional tirade think about how politics and such events work and * then * you can talk about it . 
  and not all bulls in bullfighting are killed in such a way , that does n't distract from what the majority suffer through though . 
  spending life indoors is apparently on the same level as being killed alive as well ? 
  jesus , someone tell our prisons and interior ministers . 
  there is a * slight * difference between animals killed with a bolt to the head or being gassed and falling asleep and a bull being stabbed to death dozens of times or set on fire . 
  but i guess not for you lol, 
  talk about whataboutism ... 
   i 'm in stem sure oh btw , this is a 100 % personal mail only for your eyes ( yes i do want to make you rich ) let me introduce myself , i am richmond allard , an american soldier ; i am serving in afghanistan . 
  i am 40years old , single parent . 
  i was assigned to company c , 2nd battalion , 3rd special forces group ( airborne ) in fort bragg , n.c. 
  i was deployed in support of operation enduring freedom , my first deployment to afghanistan . 
  i previously served in iraq . 
  i was enlisted as an infantryman in the u.s. army in october 1996 , completing my initial entry training at fort benning , ga. . my first assignment was with the 2nd squadron , 1st cavalry regiment , at fort lewis , wash. 
  while serving as a scout with the 1st cavalry regiment. , i was deployed to operation iraqi freedom in 2005 . 
  upon my return , i volunteered for special forces assessment and selection . 
  i started my special force training in march 2006 and earned my red beret in 2008 when i graduated as a special forces communication captain . 
  i arrived to the 2nd battalion , 3rd special forces group ( airborne ) , in august 2010 and was assigned to company c. my military education includes basic combat training , the basic airborne course , the warrior leader 's course , the advanced leader 's course , the survival , evasion , resistance and escape course and the special forces qualification course . 
  you know we are being attacked by insurgents everyday and car bombs.during our last rescue mission at kandahar , we came across a trunk box that contains huge amount of money that belongs to the revolutionaries which i believe they use in buying weapons and ammunition , and it was agreed by all military top officer 's party present that the money will be shared amongst us . 
  out of the total fund my share was $ 9,500,000.00 ( nine million five hundred thousand us dollars ) , and i am seeking your assistance to receive/invest the funds in your country in any profitable business , in as much as you can assure me that the money will be used properly until i complete my service here . 
  this is no stolen money , and there are no dangers involved . 
  we are five military officers who shared the funds each , it is a kind of benefit to us in war zone . 
  if you agree to accept my offer , i 'll talk to those of my comrades so that we can jointly invest the total funds the sum of $ 47,500.000.00 ( forty seven million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) , through you . 
  i want to assure you that this transaction is 100 % risk free and movement of funds to you will be confidential that nobody will break the law . 
  think about it and get back to me for more details .
