   you have got a citizens action commitee in every village along the way ( because they think you get brain-cancer from em-waves or whatever ) this gives me flashbacks to my horrible home region . 
  / u/veracius is not wrong . 
  as much as wikipedians like to tell everyone how it 's a free site that deals only in hard facts and membership time and edit count does n't matter does n't make it true . 
  if you edit something as a new nobody and someone with 5 years and hundreds of thousands of minor edits comes along and disputes it , you will likely draw the shorter straw . 
  and a shit ton of people are either just power tripping , owning articles or pushing their own beliefs by the pettiest of means . 
  you would n't believe what suddenly is n't a reliable source or who or what suddenly counts as a living person when people do n't want certain edits . 
  source : ex-wikipedian here . 
  yes they are . 
  their reasoning is a bit different but no less incoherent and insane . 
  they are our sovereign citizen . 
  ah , yes . 
  i 'd forgotten about that :d they had to , and i quote , weld , rivet and cement their village signs to prevent people from stealing them . 
   fo pah writing it like that makes it sound like something tasty on the menu of my favorite asian restaurant . 
  [ how do you know ? 
  ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/timdorr/2096272747/sizes/l ), 
  there is a place called [ petting ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/petting/@47.9076549,12.7920547,13z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0x47767df707a81f7d:0x41d25a40937aba0!8m2!3d47.9127713!4d12.8162263 ) in bavaria . 
  it 's right next to the waginger lake . 
  you are technically right . 
  which is the best kind of right . 
  naming a city after your home town or country is kinda understandable . 
  especially when they slap a new in front of it . 
  what i do n't understand is why there is a place named after the body of christ . 
  that 's a bit too much . 
  does this list attacks as terrorist acts based on a current definition of what terrorism is or based on the definition of terrorism back then ? 
  wtf . 
  though bikers at least have the decency to not have the mass and weight to completely fuck everything up they hit . 
  i 'd imagine getting hit by a motorcycle is vastly preferable to one of those milf tanks that are so popular nowadays . 
  it depends on the amount of traffic on the road here . 
  people start speeding like fucking maniacs when there is either no traffic whatsoever ( i. e. in the middle of the night ) or the roads are fucking packed ( rush hour ) . 
  i refuse drive on the autobahn during rush hour because there are so many people trying to actively kill me . 
  i read that as  finns are supposed to punish the offender and summoned up pictures of finns running offenders through a gauntlet . 
  rwd is what you need for [ sick moves !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pv6_byktgba ), 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxkwc-gjqna ), 
  yeah and only one of them cheated on their emissions test , 
  he knows how to appeal to the german soul . 
  yes , they are called bell peppers in the us . 
  [ i 'm afraid this is english being weird about words again ] ( https://i.stack.imgur.com/tnup4.jpg ) . 
  really ? 
  where are you ? 
  try suggesting increasing taxes for spouses and germany will burn . 
  funnily enough , these you can only benefit from these tax exemptions when one of you is making vastly less money than the other . 
  if both of you roughly make the same amount , there is fuckall in taxes to be had . 
  i fully agree with you !, 
  but thousands of fuck-you-got-mine germans do n't . 
  and you have no idea how many sahm would suddenly have to go to work to make up for it . 
  maybe ? 
  depends on political representation . 
  there was a discussion wether homosexual spouses get the same tax reductions as heterosexual spouses , or if we should do away with tax reductions for married couples alltogether . 
  some entities then started to claim that homosexual marriages were `` taking away hard-earned money '' from `` normal '' couples . 
  and you know how germans can be when they talk about the dreaded steuerlast . 
  no we do n't . 
  if i remember correctly , one of the main obstacles right now is a debate on how taxes are supposed to look for homosexual couples . 
  which is typical for us . 
  also , because the fucking abendland would end apparently . 
  edit : i 'm not up-to-date apparently concerning the taxation thing . 
  maybe they take their separation of state and church more seriously than all the other scularist nations ? 
  greece has been suspiciously absent . 
  this is satire , right ? 
  ahaber is just really , really good at satire , eh ? 
  this is awesome :d, 
   artificially creating a skill shortage because it 's cheaper to import labour . 
  now that 's bullshit . 
  ah , yes , the dreaded fachkr\u00e4ftemangel . 
  i heard its a beautiful city . 
  we need duodoctor . 
  make it happen . 
  they are not even trying to pretend they are neutral reporters anymore ... : o, 
  so , maybe these corrupt politicians have become so entwined with one another that they can drag each other down with themselves ? 
  one of them gets jailed and he decides to take as many of his corrupt brethen with him for allowing him to be imprisoned . 
  those then again decide to not go down alone . 
  and so we end up with a big ponzi scheme of anti-corruption raids ? 
  and a stranger is taking photos of them and puts them on the internet . 
  just how are the polls looking on his referendum ? 
  last time i heard , it seemed to be incredible close and all he needed was a little push . 
   it would be in the overwhelming interest of the eu to allow scotland back in after brexit that 's a hard call . 
  i 'd normally agree with you , problem is that this sets a precedent for other independence movements around europe . 
  i 'm not sure if spain would be willing to back something like this if it means that catalonia would theoretically have the same option . 
  now , now . 
  let 's not forget about the [ growing quantities of cake ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1mvzytx5zg ) you guys are exporting !, 
  it 's still just the exit poll !, 
  landslide and pivot can still arrive !, 
  reeee / s, 
  wow , that 's a lot of english content for a sub of nationalist dutchmen supporting their choice ... 
  i wonder why :d, 
  all that choice for candidates and parties is certainly oppressive !, 
  the dutch people would be much more free if they 'd have only one party to vote for !, 
  the skating one is awesome . 
  you guys elected derplord incarnate . 
  but ... is n't france the nation where you ca n't be president if you do n't have at least one ma\u00eetresse or two hidden children ? 
  well , at least they are actually destroying the oranges . 
  they could never destroy the bling on their precious benz . 
  has mutti said something about this ? 
  they did ? 
  that 's hilarious !, 
  fun fact : there is actually a german minority in kyrgyzstan . 
  this must be awesome to watch when you are stoned . 
   but there is a long way between the things a future president is tweeting or saying in an interview , and the policies that result from when the very professional governmental machinery of the usa engages with such topics . 
  that 's diplomatic for `` he 's got no fuckin idea what he 's talkin about '' .
