  whatever it will be , it will be great at least . 
  it says so on his hat . 
  i ca n't even visualize 5000 tons of honey . 
  who eats that much honey ? 
  i 've bought a glass of it four years ago and the only reason it 's still around is because it refuses to rot . 
  no no no !, 
  do n't you see ? 
  he 's just gon na take away obamacare !, 
  we rely on the affordable care act !, 
  my brother , who is living and working in london surely in not amused at all . 
  you are joking . 
  tell me you are joking . 
  you are , are n't you ? 
  please . 
   a highly regarded source on reddit is it ? 
  serious question . 
  i mean our public broadcasters often at least manage to cover stuff without doing all the flashy action news shit but dw kinda is a public broadcaster aimed to make non-germans look favorably at us . 
  you guys are always fighting . 
  like an old couple that truely loves each other . 
  [ now kith . 
  you can not claim land like you claim beach loungers , though . 
  and then anyone too lazy to put some dots above the \u00d6 will call it ostschland . 
  noooooooo . 
  that 's clearly photoshopped . 
  [ you got nothing on the king of sweden , gustav the moose rider ] ( https://i.imgur.com/dsowptr.jpg ) . 
  sure , but there is always room for improvement . 
  we should n't be resting on our laurels if we want to continue being that . 
  did you finally find fucks to give ? 
  you just do n't understand !, 
  this is a slippery slope !, 
  if we just falter in our vigilance just once our entire abendland culture will die out !, 
  in all seriousness , i 'd attribute this less to religiousity and more to cultural conservatism . 
  never underestimate the capacity of german folks to long for the `` good old times '' when everything was milk and honey . 
  there is a not small amount of people here that regard the society ( as it was when they grew up , conveniently ) as something set in stone that must not be altered in any way but must be preserved and upheld . 
  they regard any kind of social or cultural change as a step away from how awesome everything used to be . 
  `` when my dad was young , gays could n't marry and everything was fine and no one complained '' is a real argument for some people . 
  edit : a big part of the cdu is its bavarian wing , the csu . 
  a big wig in the csu once declared that they must be the right-most political party on the spectrum that is still democratically legitimate . 
  so there is that . 
  yeah . 
  and oettinger is going to sell this to us as grand fucking advancement of all humanity . 
  i see what you did there :d, 
  yeah , austria is good on mobile data but shit on dsl lines and we are good on dsl but not on mobile . 
  if there was just a way to combine our two powers ... 
  i know what you mean . 
  i occasionally spent some several weeks in canada and the us and thought about getting some local throwaway sim but figured using my domestic one was about as expensive . 
  i watched the colours closing in on my home and started rooting `` c'mon germany , do n't fuck this up !, 
  do at least one step in the right direction !, 
  i 've seen one of its smaller brothers migrate from a distance . 
  it 's not the size that gets you , it 's that it moves . 
  it looks like a giant burned down oil rig on the horizon and you stand there and think `` is it moving ? 
  i think it moves . 
  or is it just the clouds moving ? '', 
  so wait . 
  people started building a goat , because they could . 
  then other people came and burned it down , because they could . 
  and this has been going on for the last 50 years ? 
  every year they build a goat and nobody wants it to be burned down but there is always at least someone who attempts and most often succeed ? 
  that 's normally a case for ` this is why we ca n't have nice things ' but that would mean stopping to build it . 
   land at the watercourse is this truely a distinguishing characteristic for places in the netherlands ? 
  also , many places read like places in the shire . 
  the dutch are hobbits !, 
  and hates sunlight . 
  i was gon na say  hey , i know that style !, 
  it looks like it 's been built by the same douche that build the [ museum ] ( http://marta-herford.de/wp-content/gallery/marta-architektur/musem-marta-herford-gehry-1.jpg ) in my parents hometown !, 
  then i looked up pictures for you and discovered that is was in fact the same douche . 
  [ marta ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/marta_herford ), 
  probably because they take extra effort with everything . 
  i know i do my best to not go into ze german accent ja , when speaking to a natural speaker . 
  oh no , do they also struggle with speaking english ? 
  interesting . 
  i never entertained the thought that people might willingly buy such products ( or just not care enough ) . 
  but now that you mention it , i think this actually contributes to the prestige people gain from buying luxury brands . 
  investing 2000 $ into a macbook once is much more accessible than having to spend 2000 $ every four or five years . 
  it essentially makes the product more ... exclusive ? 
  people who are unable or unwilling to spend that money wo n't get it and the ones that do get a nice load of `` i 'm better than you '' for being able to splurt on this . 
  so this is n't just a question of technological access to repairs but also wether we want to paternalize people `` for their own good '' . 
  i think you are making good points , but i do also think that we need to differentiate between a product that is lower quality in general and a product that has a predetermined weakness . 
  why buy professional vanadium steel spanners for lots of money when the cheapo version is still going to hold a lifetime for me ? 
  there is no point in wasting more money . 
  that 's an example of a lower quality product . 
  the design itself is still sound it 's just that the chosen material is inferior to other products . 
  it 's another story when said spanner was designed with a certain weakness from the begin with . 
  say , if one of the teeth are designed so thin that they break off after a while . 
  this is a deliberate weakness introduced into a product to make it worthless sooner with the target of getting you to buy a new one . 
  a typical example of this are non-exchangeable rechareable batteries . 
  everyone knows that rechargeable batteries deteriorate over time and usage and ** will ** need to be replaced after 2 to 4 years . 
  one egregious example of this are high priced notebooks like the several macbooks , ultrabooks or the surface thingies . 
  how do you feel about spending 1500 $ to 3500 $ for such an device knowing full well that an integral part of it will not only fail after a few years but that replacing such a part may void warranty and is not only not intended by the designer but actively discouraged by using hard to deal with components ? 
  i admit that this is a harsh example of the first world but the same thing applies to smartphones and satnavs and many other devices . 
  it depends on how much internal strife this is causing . 
  the party line has always been anti-gay marriage and now that she was faced with a defeat anyway , gracefully allowed her people to vote against the party line . 
  and quite a few of them did . 
  so if we are ( un - ) lucky enough , the cdu will spend some time infighting . 
  / u/orisara demonstrates how a disruption in one business can cause a ripple of problems in other businesses that depend on said business to do their work . 
  in this case , the dependency tree of businesses are already there . 
  these problems as described exist and there are many concepts in economics on how to avoid or mitigate such problems . 
  it 's actually a rather big thing in leading a company and very important topic when you try to raise money . 
  that being said , in the example , a dependency tree already exists . 
  we do n't know how it was formed or why but we can clearly see how a disruption in one business causes disruptions in dependants .
