  erm , how much does it cost to take someone on a date in the us ? 
  maybe he was slumming . 
  i smoke weed all the time !, 
  `` sir , would you step out the car please ? '', 
  `` racist !!!! '', 
  i 'm trying to think of a white person that is as famous as a celebrity and as infamous a weed smoker as snoop dogg . 
  i ca n't really think of someone . 
  snoop doggs reputation is built almost entirely around his drug use . 
  exploding cars , burning barricades , ransacking foreign cargo , poisoning rivers , mobs roaming the streets ... 
  i like french protests . 
  they always have a certain mad max flair to them . 
  right on . 
  farming in france and other parts of the eu has lost a good portion of its profitability , to the point where such a business might loose sustainability . 
  this is basically businesses being outperformed by other businesses . 
  and in every other area , the entrepreneurs would modernize , adapt/reorientate or get out of the market alltogether . 
  but there is this romantic idea attached to farming . 
  that they are feeding the village and all that . 
  and that seems to feed into the idea that they have a right to their business plan being made lucrative . 
  to be fair , practically every country in europe manages to believe this without ransacking foreign cargo in a fit of vigilantism . 
  if they had paid him 50k each time they tilled their soil , i 'm pretty sure he would n't have minded them either . 
  huh . 
  interesting :d, 
  i wonder , is snow a thing in portugal ? 
  how dare you insult the colossus of rhodes !, 
  volcanoes , british tourists . . where is the difference ? 
  :d both piss hot and puke all over the landscape . 
  all art is quite useless . 
  - oscar wilde , from the preface of the picture of dorian grey, 
  i read portugese train was run over by a snowball . 
  was disappointed , to say the least . 
  the german wikipedia states that hiv tests are more common in estonia than elsewhere , including being mandated by law in several cases . 
  this might account for the larger percentage . 
  [ link in german ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/estland#gesundheitswesen ), 
  what currency is israel using ? 
  i thought we agreed on importing smart people from elsewhere instead ? 
  bavarians are stuck in a time where prussia still exists and act accordingly . 
   what message do you want to send by burning shit down ? 
  some idiot student-wannabe-communist trying to take down *** the man *** ? 
  makes you really wonder what kind of person gets down to doing something like this . 
  do they get some kind of perverse kick out of this or is this some misguided attempt at a political statement ? 
  way to face the fire , bro :d, 
  yup . 
  and they use it on the fugliest city in europe . 
  seriously , berlin is fucking disgusting . 
  he is the worst represantative the open source world could have in regards to manners and is probably the root cause for a lot of other people in open source projects being dicks . 
  yeah , no doubt about that . 
  ca n't think of even one of our large trading partners wanting this dissolved . 
  and why would they ? 
  there are easier ways to damage trade . 
  if european publications write the same bullshit , and i am positive that they do , i expect usians to make the very same pants-creaming jokes , 
  dude , we were talking about op-eds and opinion pieces in newspapers , not the nato . 
  i really hope you do n't consider those constructive criticism . 
  every single time some big issue is discussed in the eu , some editors in the us start writing click-baity titles on how europe is going to fall apart or that the end is nigh or whatever other beaten down metaphor they managed to pull out . 
  and that kinda gets old after a while , and you either stop listening or start writing jokes about yanks creaming themselves . 
  yeah but it is n't . 
  we can use one model for partnership for both heterosexual and homosexual couples , or two * separate but equal * models . 
  running two models means having two sets of laws , court action to clarify older laws , two different bureaus , two bureaucratic processes , and so on and so forth . 
  so much effort wasted so that a bunch of tradition hasslers can keep things they were since the dawn of time . 
  definitively got one of the mor elongated ones there , ~ ~ mooseman ~ ~ moosekin , 
  darm is the german word for bowel . 
  as in bowel movement . 
  well , if we shoot people into space , they ca n't heat up the climate anymore , no ? 
  i have no qualms breaking with traditions . 
  just keeping tradition for the sake of tradition is a waste of time . 
  i do n't know if i would have taken that gamble . 
  he knew what the nazis were doing in those camps , and i do n't believe outing yourself as an sympathizer would make you very popular . 
  if i were him , i would be expected to be put right next to them . 
  the yanks are funny in that regard . 
  there is always someone claiming the eu is in free fall because migrants , russia , money , shale oil , whatever . 
  maybe we should start a collection . 
  `` reasons the ` muricans thought we would fall but did not '' . 
  demisexual is by far the strangest one . 
  even if only feeling sexually attracted when you have a deep emotional connection to someone was a legitimate thing , this is hardly discriminated against !, 
  i would put up a ranking like you did too , and i am pretty sure a lot of activist do exactly the same thing . 
  but propagating this is probably not a politically sound strategy . 
  i guess you want to maintain plausable deniability as much as possible . 
  if you add some of the more obtuse ones to the label , people would not take you serious anymore . 
  but if you do n't include them or explicitly exclude them via such a ranking , you are missing the support for your cause from these groups ( and tumblrina still has impact on this , hard as it is to imagine ) . 
  plus , a lot of social justice runs on the internet hate machine . 
  if you explicitly exclude say demisexuals , there is a good chance an internet campaign for your job and livelyhood gets started . 
  the plus is a nice way of circumvening this . 
  on one hand , you never quite take a stand for those other groups and can not be criticised for supporting their idiotic shit , on the other hand dragonkin can feel included in the label . 
  i can understand this , to a certain extend . 
  one one hand , there are groups of people who face societal issues . 
  of course these groups want and deserve representation . 
  but on the other hand , dragonkin are a thing . 
  the problem is , you have to draw a line on who gets taken serious and who does not . 
  including intersex people for example would be a no-brainer for me . 
  demisexual on the other hand ? 
  hmm . 
  and there is no shortage on those identities , with vastly varying degrees of seriousness . 
  on the top of my head : * asexual * pansexual * intersex * genderqueer ( different from queer ) * demisexual * unsure/questioning * omnisexual * polyamorous * agender * neutrois * two-spirits and there is also the thing that this lumps together people with different gender , relationship preferences , sexual attractions and romantic attractions . 
  dunno how much sense this all makes . 
  i do n't understand queer in this context either . 
  i would have understood queer as a synonym for homosexual , but in this case ... 
  i know there are people who identify expicitly as queer and not as gay/bi/lesbian . 
  if you want me to be cynical , the q was added because lgbt did not encompass certain denominations . 
  i 's basically the plus before the plus . 
  this is very close to tumblr territory . 
  i guess the plus is there so people in the real world do n't have to acknowledge dragonkin and other weird stuff on tumblr , yet still have all the tumblrinas rally under their banner .
