  and jezebel is ... part of gawker media . 
  yep . 
  you are right . 
  but i 'm not fixing that !, 
  take that !, 
  suprised or not depends for me on wether the stuff i read about radical feminism in sweden is true or not . 
  you and me agree on that , and a lot of other people too !, 
  but , you know , it is sooooooooooooo unfair to * criminalize * all football fans because of a tiny , tiny minority !, 
  thrashing a train does n't make it any better when it is an entlastungszug . 
  the fact alone that the db is isolating football fans already tells you more than enough about how awful they are . 
  and wether other groups do this too is completely irrelevant . 
  `` but they do it toooooooo ! '', 
  is not a good argument . 
  it 's not that oktoberfest visitors are any more allowed to do this , they are just as wrong . 
  and even if , they do not have to be carded off in trains specifically designated for them . 
  they somehow manage to take public transportations with other peoples too !, 
  because ** real men ^ ( tm ) ** do n't get raped , right ? 
  i 'm sure he had enough practice . 
  in both drinking and driving . 
  you are right , but / u/steinbird1 was n't talking about loosing his head . 
  he said that it never occurred to him that saying no to american evangelical christrians might get his safety violated . 
  if you 'd walk around and called all american evangelical christians evil and bent on conquering the world , while being a woman , i bet you would be made to feel a lot unsafer too . 
  is this the same pat robertson of [ garfunkel and oates ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=expcbi4cjc8 ) fame ? 
  look , i just want to be lord of an island . 
  duuuude , that is deep . 
  exactly . 
  our big 3 manufacturers are the worst in that regard . 
  you could go for a mini or a golf , but both are fucking expansive for the little amount of car you get . 
  everything else is a parade float . 
  even some of the roadsters look fat enough that they come with a stair lift built-in . 
  just compare bmws z3 with the z4 . 
  the z3 was a small , sleek and sexy roadster . 
  the z4 looks like the driver has penis-envy . 
  their cars generally look bloated and overcompensating . 
  you should name a beer blond viking . 
  yep . 
  can buy a brand-new shitty android for 45 $ . 
  not even to think about the devices we have thrown away because they were 3 years old . 
  the evil nhs trying to prolong peoples suffering even longer !, 
  they just want more death panels !, 
  i 'm curious . 
  is every rock sticking out from the ocean considered a rock ? 
  because if yes , i might be closer to ownership of my own private island than i thought ... 
  how do you loose islands ? 
  well , the black market is a lot smaller compared to regular ones , eh ? 
  the people who are willing to risk their lifes smuggling weapons are few and can thus demand a higher price , 
  peugeot is pretty much the last car maker in europe that makes pretty cabriolets that are n't super cars . 
  ever other cabriolet in comparison looks like something a third world warlord would be driven in on his weekly parade . 
  they are just going to introduce it with us being exempt , the eu will tell us to take that shit elsewhere and the cdu will yell `` the bad bad eu makes you payyyy '' from every rooftop . 
  it 's like raising taxes without taking the hit in popularity . 
  can we have it flopping in the wind when not sunny ? 
  that makes more sense . 
  yes i know what a gif is . 
  i also know what internet explorer for windows phone is : fuckin horrible . 
  the picture is from fredericton , canada . 
  you can see a little maple leaf on the m in the lower right corner if you squint your eyes a little . 
  it does look cool , i give you that . 
  their strategy does n't seems to have changed much though . 
  those wooden chairs and the small stools are hardly comfortable to be sitting on for long . 
  i would n't want to sit on one for an hour or even half of it . 
  right ? 
  this involves leaving the house and actually doing something . 
  every tumblerista knows that this kind of behavious is way too simplistic to have any impact on any a problem . 
  it just is n't deep enough . 
  but you would n't understand without a non-stem degree in theatre-culture . 
  i wanted to ask what is anglo-saxon about us , but you were n't using wasp as an acronym :3, 
  say , do you have german ancestry ? 
  it 's so that the authorities can see wether you are shitting for real or just snorting coke of the toilet seat . 
  or at least that 's what i have been told by a canadian friend . 
  you are like mcdonalds . 
  they design their `` restaurants '' as visually offensive and uncomfortable as possible so that people do n't linger too long . 
  edit : mcdonalds has upped their game btw : [ proof ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vyawtcm.jpg ), 
  what i 'd be interested in is not where they were committed , but by whom . 
  the thing is this : if you are a political or religious extremist , a couple of hundreds of kilometres are not going to keep you away from an opportunity to cause trouble/march in goose-step/torch an asylum . 
  and i would not be suprised when a lot of the crimes , at least the larger , more severe and more organized ones , where committed by germans coming from pretty much everywhere . 
  and they just travel to saxony because the population there is more lethargic/less likely to intervene . 
  i wa n't sure he was joking either , actually ... 
  you have left in your name !, 
  leftist !, 
  came here to say this . 
  i reloaded the gif twice to see if i missed a part . 
  is that pride in your voice ? 
  thank you , dear saxons , for making us look like a bunch of nazi cunts . 
  you are going a bit over board here . 
  as with any law concerning copyright and photography , stuff gets real complicated . 
  but this is not nearly as drastic as you describe it . 
  there is only a law that is about publishing photos , not taking photos . 
  there are of course also restrictions to merely taking photos , but these rely on an interpretation of personal rights . 
  there is no straight `` thou shalt not photograph people '' . 
  it is incredibly hard to determine if you can take and publish a picture or not . 
  our bgh itself commented that every picture must be evaluated case to case . 
  and there bloody well are circumstances where you are allowed to photograph people full-on , mostly when they have given non-verbal agreement , or , as you already mentioned , they are in the background or unrecognizable . 
  easiest way to circumvent all this is asking for permission of course . 
  last but not least : you can try and call the police on a photographer , but they wo n't bother . 
  if someone publishes a picture of you and you feel this violates your right , you will have to file a report with the police . 
  they wo n't rush out , guns blazing , yelling charge !, 
  image how much time a makerbot would need to print a mercedes . 
  of course chefs will also found a syndicate to represent their interests . 
  the first thing they will lobby for is a flat fee on all spaghetti with bolognese sauce packages . 
  they have every right to being compensated for people making spaghetti bolognese , since these packages are used to recreate the copyrighted works of chefs .
