  oh , the glares and stares :d, 
   catotaliban catholiban ? 
  sounds like a cool band name . 
  zeus oddly stands out in your list . . 
  yeah , he had me look this up on google maps . 
  i feel bad for myself . 
  we all look like this . 
  yep . 
  no beer bellies at all here . 
  instructions unclear , dick stuck in france again . 
  `` if they can lie about the news , so can we ! '', 
  never try to out-lie someone with this much experience in it . 
  i was recently recommended the euobserver : https://euobserver.com/ no idea if it is any good actually . 
  oh and it kinda focuses on the eu . 
  a russian friend of mine said he probably got botoxed . 
  this is awesome . 
  man , i wish my sims in cities : skylines would do that . 
  but that bunch of ponces are just driving everywhere in their fucking cars , mucking the traffic up . 
  source : am there right now . 
  live there too . 
  i bet i can find youuouououu, 
  wait , the whole iceland contains just as many people as bielefeld ? 
  you must have some space for yourself . 
  i love the crows one , 
  blackjack and hookers . 
  is b\u00f6rk the swedish equivalent of the polish kurwa ? 
  - hey there !, 
  - who are you ? 
  - fuck you !, 
  - yes , i too agree that climate change is an indebatable occurance and that people denying this fact are either delusional or plain evil . 
  one volk , one tax collector !, 
  yes , zey want to play wiz our hard wood , 
  it would not be / r/europe if there was n't at least one comment from a scandinavian user taking pot shots at their neighbour under every post . 
  since when is mapophiliy a german thing ? 
  how much is that ? 
  two geo-dicks please !, 
  i do n't know . 
  maybe in the wrong department , but i have heard similar things from professors in sociology and gender study departments . 
  we got thousands of tanks sitting around . 
  maybe we should trade a few of them for a plane ? 
  like the metal band ? 
  edit : i just googled this . 
  are the portuguese sure , they are not secretly australians ? 
  i kinda like that it is your plane that breaks down and it is somehow our fault and we are increasing spending . 
  yeah ... that 's a world record nobody 's gon na take from us ever . 
  yes . 
  arte and the like are a good reminder that we should n't understand ( mass ) media as only capitalistic effort , but that they are very well capable of serving as tools to disseminate information and experience culture . 
  but then , if cost effectiveness is the measurement of success for tv channels we 'd all be watching rtl ii :d, 
  its interesting to see what happens when you give money to a bunch of people and say ` do what a tv station ought to do ' and they do n't have to pester for views with flashy news segments and bullshit scripted reality tv . 
  does n't make them the most popular though . 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( http://www.nast-sonderfahrzeuge.de/mb-exotenforum/img/uploaded/image19630.jpg ), 
  maybe . 
  or maybe it 's because she has a driver and the windows in the font are tinted . 
  yup . 
  and most people using these arguments do n't actually believe in them . 
  or are actually passionate about them . 
  it 's political capital in the game called foreign policy . 
  this is less about people actually blaming us and more about a cheap argument you can grab at any time . 
  yeah but on the way from his house to his workplace he now has to drive past a gym-turned-shelter . 
  eight months of jail after almost over ten years of gawking into every camera ? 
  besides , she and her people are going to instrumentalize the shit out of those 8 months ... 
  her reasoning is as stupid as bread when it comes to the holocaust , but she is pretty good at maintaining a media presence . 
  that 's actually not that rare as a story . 
  there are several right extremists around that are denying various parts of history just to defend their spouses or parents . 
  nah , they married after the war . 
  sorry , forgot about that . 
  she was his second or third marriage . 
  he was also 20 years or so older . 
  it 's hard to imprison unhealthy people . 
  old people can be unhealthy because of their age . 
  and she might actually still be able to dodge prison . 
  afaik , this decision is taken after the sentencing , effectively commuting it . 
  normally , you do n't go to prison for denying the holocaust . 
  you have are usually sentenced to pay a big sum of money . 
  to actually get imprisoned for this you have to work hard . 
  as she has in the last 20-odd years . 
  ah , the old haverbeck . 
  i actually know her , you know ? 
  well , knowing is too strong a word . 
  she lives a town over from where i live . 
  i 've heard her speak on two occasions . 
  she is n't demented or confused or anything . 
  she is intelligent and fully aware of what she is talking about . 
  this whole crusade of hers started with her husband . 
  he was a big dick in the nazi party . 
  he was one of the really early joiners ( before 1930 ) and ascended right to the national bureau of the nsdap . 
  he was a member , and sometimes leader , of the sa , ss , several predecessor outfits and tried several times to found successors . 
  he was friendly with the likes of himmler and he\u00df . 
  now why her crusade ? 
  why does she think the holocaust is the biggest lie ? 
  because her husband was not a bad man !, 
  he told her that he would never do something like that !, 
  he could have never and would have never let something like this happen !, 
  and that 's why the whole world must be lying to defame her dear husband !, 
  dirty french !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  hahaha . 
  i used to imagine our bnd to be completely incompetent . 
  in fact , i 've taken relief in their incompetence .
