yeah , i agree with you on that . 
  my point was that she was a so-called inoffizieller mitarbeiter , or unofficial associate . 
  and there were literally hundreds of thousands of those . 
  i bet there were a some among them that spied on their neighbours because they truely believed in the communist system or because they were evil and petty people . 
  but i also believe that another large portion of those simply collaborated because they feared reprisal otherwise . 
  it is dishonest in my eyes to label both indoctrinated members of a secret ideological police force and people who were press-ganged into helping simply as stasi without any way to differentiate . 
  doxxing people , spreading their phone number or workplace is not exactly legal either . 
  i know . 
  i know people who had been drafted into the nva . 
  they tell stories . 
  good and funny stories . 
  he did not think that one through , eh ? 
  :d austria managed to navigate itself into a nice position . 
  first they piss off hungary with that comment , then germany closes its borders and i am pretty sure the czech are n't happy with them right now too . 
  i do n't know how much she volunteered and how much she was voluntold , but here is one thing . 
  imagine you are living in a communist state that has a secret police that monitors , manipulates , threatens and abducts people who say things they do n't like . 
  a state that built a wall so its citizen could not flee from it . 
  and this police comes knocking on your door and ask you to help them out . 
  i mean what reason do you have to not help them . 
  you are an honest and upstanding citizen !, 
  surely you have nothing to hide !, 
  right ? 
  i dunno if i would want to say no to that . 
  and she is doing exactly what ? 
  `` monitor '' ? 
  oooooooooh . 
  stop acting like she is a single-person secret-agency with extra juidicial power to abduct people . 
  her gig is more on par with a media critic on tumblr . 
  she will monitor . 
  meaning she will watch facebook for a bit , ignore the part where everyone realizes that fb is full of morons and then write a heartbleeding report about how oppressive and racist everyone on there is . 
  and nobody will give a shit about it because 1 . it is fucking facebook 2 . 
  a left-as-fuck person writing a left-as-fuck report and it is not like people like her need actual encouragement . 
  wannabe watchgroups pop up all the time , swinging around big words and thinking screencapping facebook comments is valuable activism . 
  edit : i ca n't read swedish , so please tell me your link does n't source its stuff from pi news . 
  i want one for the hallway leading to my bedroom . 
   former white supremacist here . 
   336.430 germans \\ -  deported 12 million ethical germans huh ? 
  do n't hurt me ... no more ... 
  did you say lebensraum ? 
  the swiss have suspiciously often `` accidentally '' invaded liechtenstein . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein%e2%80%93switzerland_relations#incidents_involving_the_swiss_military ), 
  yeah i guess you are right . 
  it 's kinda weird for me . 
  i 'm young enough to not remember any border controls , and it suprises me over and over again that sometimes eu borders actually matter . 
  man , those austrians were a bunch of bergfreunde ... 
  for a moment i thought bergfreund was a derogatory term for austrians . 
  what a shame . 
  a friend of mine in austria has the same problem with ordering stuff from germany . 
  for him , it 's cheaper to rent a mailbox in germany and drive half the hour over the border and fetch her shit , than to have it shipped to him directly . 
  and it is ridiculous !, 
  why can i ship something almost 800kms from munich to hamburg cheaper and faster than the 150kms from munich to salzburg ? 
  edit : i guess this is kinda like roaming ? 
  it 's a way to make more money and people have n't complained enough ? 
  i do n't know . 
  are you capable of doing nothing all day and wasting your employers time ? 
  oh wait , you are on reddit . 
  alright , come aboard . 
   the assailant was carrying around a metal plate with `` mussolini '' written on it why !, 
  why are you carrying this around with you ?!, 
  also dear maltese , i 'm pretty sure the eu can shell out half a million or so you can build a mental hospital . 
  just do n't send your crazy to make your politics please . 
  what if we do it the other way around ? 
  you get to keep your sovereignity but have to take on bavaria as a bundesland ? 
  does he have a name ? 
  or do you reject your past and birth name and are henceforth only referred to as estonian president ? 
  if you are the scat man , sure . 
   pewdiepie do you feel sorry about that ? 
  is this how all icelandic men look ? 
  damn , we are doing something wrong . 
  when in rome do as the romans do . 
  there is a big fat difference between school and university . 
  you are being taught in school , but you study in university . 
  and i wasted an entire year before i got that . 
  first off : nobody is going to directly teach you . 
  no just laying back and let the teacher shovel information in you kinda passively . 
  you are more given the materials and opportunity to learn it yourself . 
  read that fucking book . 
  i hope you are a good autodidact . 
  furthermore : the complaint about the pr\u00fcfungsamt is one i have heard often and muttered myself . 
  the problem , at least in most cases i witnessed , was people not doing what they were supposed to do . 
  you have to read the stupid syllabus for example . 
  it lines out what duties professors and students have . 
  it says for example that you as a student have to organize a second professor for your bachelor thesis . 
  or that you have to register for an exam two weeks prior . 
  nobody is going to tell you that , because everyone assumes you did what you agreed to do and read that fucking piece of paper . 
  i did n't and many others also did n't . 
  and believe me , i bitched about the pr\u00fcfungsamt the first time i could n't take an exam because i was too late to register and they told me to piss off . 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't trust this either . 
  bring on that stupid green troll again . 
  yes , but will they still look like penis-envy ? 
  napoleans ... nice :d, 
  switzerland can into ocean ? 
  which dogma . 
  there are like a dozen . 
  this is probably empowerment stuff . 
  it is just like objectification except she does it because it makes her feel powerful . 
  does n't change the outcome by much because either way , we get to see butt . 
  that meatbag is a catastrophe too . 
  yeah , the guardian likes to jump at stuff like this every once in a while .
