  if you are rich enough or have the right friends , dodging taxes by legal or illegal means gets a lot easier . 
  at least let me hope , damnit !, 
  bmw must be up there . 
  i mean someone has to sell those / / / m emblems to those idiots that try to turn their 16 year old 3 series into an m3 wannabee . 
  fun fact : i have one of those glued to my fofi . 
  it makes people angry . 
  please tell me you are joking ... 
  nai = yes oxi = no ? 
   i know people who sleep with the window open throughout winter . 
  in denmark ? 
  man , you guys sure are cold-blooded up there . 
  german here , i have austrian friends who spent some time in the bundesheer . 
  the stories , oh the stories :d, 
  nothing . 
  except if they raise it , i will not be able to refer to great britain as ` that island , just off the coast of europe ' anymore . 
  man your nations colours are easy to mix up . 
  edit : my eyes suck when it comes to red and green . 
  the french have always turned protesting up to eleven . 
  not peacefully protesting , not just blocking the way , no sit ins or chanting . 
  nope , let 's sucker punch , throw rocks and burn tires !, 
  probably because regular protesting would look like jaywalking to the average parisian . 
  i 'm not even against protesting uber or the government to make cab companies able to compete with such a company and level the playing field or get rid of the outdated taxi license system . 
  but they make it really hard to sympathise . 
   one near me he is watching you through your windows right now . 
  nice shirt you are wearing ... 
  yes , and it is your duty as a good austrian to ask yourself : what would stronach do ? 
  according to wikipedia there are 742 million people living on europe and 80 million people living in germany . 
  so yeah , we account for slightly more than 10 % of europe :p, 
   it goes the other way too , the japanese are really into france . 
  to the point where they basically gave birth to paris syndrome [ 1 ] , which is caused by going to paris with huge expectations , only to be massively disappointed when you get there . 
  it 's fun . 
  and that was before your cab drivers were burning people in the street !, 
  lol , why are the dutch so queer for drying out bodies of water ?!, 
  you guys are like don quijote and your wind mill is the north sea . 
  export was always our strength . 
  technically one company can sue another for not having their full contact data on their website if they are competitors , so yeah ... 
  well that would be illegal and there actually is a government agency for that :d, 
  nope , they are going to make retailers liable to one another , probably . 
  if you are a retailer that abides to the law and another one does not , you could sue that other retailer for using an unfair and illegal market advantage , 
  it is actually kinda neat if you think about it . 
  the `` save our culture '' bavarian/pegida crowd will pat themselves on the back for saving the abendland and fuck-all is going to change for the rest of us . 
  considering how stupid scientific names sometimes are ...  ursus arctos arctos  bear bear bear, 
  here in germany nobody kissed nobody . 
  handshakes all the way . 
  maybe some hugging , if there is barbeque to be had . 
  hah , i knew it . 
  mallorca is the only place on earth we successfully occupied since the last war . 
  nice !, 
  thanks mate . 
  i want one of those . 
  can i get one without driving to waterloo ? 
  belgium : come for the chocolate , stay for the battlegrounds !, 
  as someone who has problems distinguishing certaincolor tones : fuck whoever chose those colors - . -, 
  you guys are playing with semen ? 
  i just speak engrish to everyone . 
  that is true . 
  i tried it in canada and was not impressed . 
  i was going to call you a monster for suggesting to drink beer from a can but you meant the chavs . 
  are they really drinking belgian stella ? 
  why ? 
  i would have thought that their beer of choice was a british one . 
  but if you have the means , why do you need money ? 
  go to belgium if you want to feast on grand foods . 
  if it got hops and malt , chocolate or waffle dough in it , the belgians know how to make it . 
  only downside is their language schizophrenia . 
  i do n't know . 
  they kinda do n't arrive at all when they drown halfway through the passage , do n't they ? 
  it 's the first step to full chavhood , innit ? 
   hamburg lawyer gabriele heinecke represented the victims ' families and told the taz newspaper in an interview that she was disappointed with the way the prosecution came to its decision and that dementia was something regularly faked . 
   `` when it comes to pensions , it 's something that happens every day , '' said ms heinecke . 
  who regularly fakes dementia ? 
  i have people in my family who suffer from dementia and i ca n't really believe anyone faking this in a believable fashion . 
  take the bratwurst guard and defend our national delicatesse honour !, 
  to / s or not to / s , this is the question here . 
  the did n't earn a reputation for loving queues for nothing . 
  stay safe man !, 
  sooner or later you have a jade helm in your backyard too !, 
  well , he is a chancellor . 
  he is probably miffed that he is the only one in austria worth spying on , now that haider is dead , and want every one else to be spied on as well . 
   austria gives postal workers bags of treats to fend off aggressive dogs | ** world news ** austria , the centre of europe !, 
  add in the auto club sticker , insurance sticker and service sticker and your windshield looks like the door to a teenagers room . 
  edit : i forgot of course the stupid umweltplakette !, 
  i do n't mind paying for your roads . 
  what gets me is the fact that every and all austrians are secretly laughing at me because they forced me to disfigure my beautiful car with their horrible pickerl . 
  i know you do !, 
  * shakes fist *, 
  that 's how they treat terrorists there !, 
  nah , eu states just have not enough untouched woods and too many bored hunters to have any animals left that may be able to contract rabies . 
  edit : i am so removed from rabies that i forgot human beings can get it . 
  i 'm curious . 
  does it anger bavarians when you drive there ? 
  if yes , feel free do visit us more often , 
  i am german and in canada right now . 
  the roads here are in a shit condition . 
  you ca n't drive nearly as fast as you can in germany . 
  and canadians hate sidewalk . 
  i think that 's exactly what our government is betting on . 
  this is against eu law . 
  what our politicians are doing is a three step plan to raise tolls without angering the population : * 1 : introduce a toll but promise all germans will be refunded , effectively only taxing foreigners . 
  * 2 : have the eu court kick this bullshit out of the law , making every one pay equally .
