  * 3 : proceed to blame the eu for the money in your pocket . 
  step one is done , step two is on the way . 
  well , if you ca n't move the immigrant to europe , you should move europe to the immigrant , 
  the downvotes are for not being in denmark . 
   imo the uk has the best ( militarily strategic ) position ~ ~ in ~ ~ just off the coast of europe  fxed that for you :p, 
  i like that even if you use the german word for library germany still looks completely empty . 
  i do n't know wether your indian driving license per s\u00e9 is valid , but you could try and get an international driving permit . 
  the idp together with your license is definitely valid in europe and india is part of the convention that introduced it . 
  no idea where to get it though . 
  probably from your government . 
  there are some nations where yours could be valid . 
  my german driving license permits me , for example , to drive on canadian roads . 
  free range organically raised , locally produced and vegan fed americans . 
  hmmmmmmm , lecker  my hipster heart is beating fast . 
  you wish to eat americans ? 
  i got nothing . 
  this is the first time someone told me that ireland is a destination for german migrants . 
  til there are legal means in place to preserve/enforce respect for him . 
  cause who will ever need hdds larger than 128mb , right ?!, 
  yes and i am very happy about that . 
  i thought he was the omnipotent voice that always told them who to fuck up next . 
  [ super islamists unite !, 
  really ? 
  wow , that is new to me . 
  i always thought that he and his legacy was an incredibly big thing in turkey , and understandably so . 
  would you rather have several committees formed on the subject , including market research and demographic studies ? 
  committee on the matter of finding a name for large expensive things built somewhere else . 
  but what if they are going to build a larger one one day ? 
  the even larger hadron collider ? 
  you kinda write yourself into a corner after a while . 
  maybe a name based on actual size would be better . 
  like 30 meter telescope or 50 meter telecope and so on and so forth . 
  that sounds like a monster straight out of mordor . 
  welcome to planet russia !, 
  for all the love the turks feel for their founder , sometimes it seems as if they do everything they can to undo his work . 
  what he means is the bread pocket that gets filled with delicious kebab and salat , not the way the flesh is prepared . 
  that was apparently the idea of a turk living in germany . 
  edit : google kadir nurman, 
  why would anyone spy on the dutch ? 
  why are dick pics illegal ? 
  was it send non consensual or is manufacturing pictures of your wrinkly parts a crime in general ? 
  it worked . 
  if you know the entire anthem , you know more than most germans . 
  ask the belgians . 
  it 's a very heavy-handed approach . 
  and when they get turned around what prevents them from going on a boat again , thus retaining the very same problem ? 
  wait , no bavarian ? 
  this must be fake then !, 
  why else would they need to wiki to protect and further their language ?!, 
  / s in all seriousness , i had expected more than just 7 endangered languages in germany . 
  exactly . 
  like if he seriously wants human trafficking to stop he can ... uh , i do n't know . . 
  stop ?!, 
  he is the one taking money from people and then stuffing them on boats and sending them to their demise . 
  and his reasoning for doing this ? 
  a glorified `` well , they made me do it !, 
  i 'm all for intervening there , but there a quite a few red flags in the text you translated : * the cost would be negligible * mostly desert , easy to control * can achieve substantial results politicians have promised these things since the beginning of time to gain support of the people for starting or intervening in a war . 
  i ca n't think of a single war where these things ever held true . 
  waging war has never been quick , easy or cheap . 
  well , first they will need to secede from the union . 
  why are you asking ? 
  is this a competition ?!, 
  in that case , i bet our grass has ten times as many earth worms as your fancy new world grass !!!!!, 
  gigantic proportion , needlessly complicated , will endure a thousand years ... count me in !, 
   gdr oh you poor bastard , you had it hard . 
  for hopscotch ? 
  maduro looks incredibly swag on that picture . 
  i know right ? 
  goddamned switzers still believe we are out to steal all their cheese !, 
  that is an interesting thought . 
  when i read science i immediately assumed that they only mean the actual credible sciences and not all the homeopaths in the world . 
  what certainly does not help is that `` scientists '' are much more willing and able to deliver newsworthy stuff than actual scientists are , probably leading to them dominating news and `` expert '' positions on tv and radio . 
  yes , people are dumb !, 
  but fret not , you can do something against that !, 
  all you need is ethernums patented ethernium-water !, 
  fill it into a dispenser and sprinkle the next moron that annoys you with it , and the next you know , they will thank you for lifting the curse of stupidity !, 
  or are you dumb yourself ? 
  no problem !, 
  just apply ethernums patented ethernium-water twice a day and sooner than you can blink you will impress girls with your knowledge of quantum theory !, 
  and all that for the price of 69,99 $ . 
  order now and get a flask of our also patented cancer-be-gone oil !, 
  i know , right ? 
  the fuck is wrong with my people ? 
  but then again , it would explain we i keep reading about more anti-vaxxers and equally moronic people here ... 
  watch russian news if you want to see 100 old tanks given over for refurbishment turn into an all-out resurrection of the wehrmacht . 
  yeah , that would be nice . 
  that is one of the elements missing from the bundeswehr . 
  we apparently can not into helicopter . 
  shitting on the dutch brings out passion for cycling in me . 
  got it . 
  now , how far away is the dutch border again ? 
  is there anything the bundeswehr has procured in the last 15 years that was ordered without anything missing , arrived on time and was fully functioning right from the start ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the puma ifv is nowhere to be seen , most of the gtk boxers are still not working , neither is the stupid tiger helicopter , the airbus a400m is fucking late and the eurofighter has tons of problems too . 
  that does not stop it from looking really cool . 
  ah , cool !, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  this looks a bit like digg , before digg became digg . 
   gyakorikerdesek not kidding , ss that a real word in your language or something made up ? 
  and do n't you dare drive a car with a non-swiss license plate through glorious switzerland !,
