  of course not all amateur cooks will try and pirate a meal composition from a chef but some will and that is enough to levy this against all of course . 
  what we need to recognize is that chefs are n't merely food processing professionals but so called kulturschaffende , people who are carrying our culture forward . 
  and they deserve and are entitled to compensation for their work , regardless of wether they are unpopular and thus unsuccessful or not . 
  besides , we already have this on printers and sd cards , so why the heck not on pasta ? 
  big fat ** / s ** if that is n't obvious enough . 
  i know this is hard to understand ... but his metal and plastic thing you use to move everywhere ? 
  you can actually get off it !, 
  and walk !, 
  i know this sounds weird , but trust me , 
  of course . 
  i love the tortured look in the eyes of the salesperson when they had me the merchandise . 
  the netherlands has no virgins . 
  everyone knows that the dutch are a lot , but not innocent :d, 
  i know you act all tough and shit , but it secretly breaks your heart that a foreigner enjoys your holy stroopwafels , 
  is it though ? 
  there are some professions where internship are necessary to provide some meat on the cv . 
  top kek my friend ^_^ . 
  you are the reason i like trolling dutch people . 
   seems you got trolled pretty hard m8 . 
  do n't sweat it though , making fun of germans is our national pride . 
  yeah i know that . 
  that and bringing caravans unto our autobahns . 
  particular when i 'm in a hurry . 
  of course !, 
  how could i forget about this !, 
  rarely is a dutch tradition or ceremony carried out without the involvement of bicycles . 
  i heard they even give birth on them . 
  is this really the norm though ? 
  my sister just completed an internship at the european court of justice and they managed to pay her . 
  granted , it was n't much , but at least she did not have to sleep in a tent !, 
  oh come on . 
  what a fucking cop out . 
  do they really believe that they can dodge on paying someone because he 'll get `` exposure '' ?!, 
  how does someone like this sleep at night ? 
  the un is too fucking cheap to pay interns even a minimum wage . 
  what a freaking shame . 
  i heard that 's the dutch way of starting a feud . 
  everyone else used a white glove , but the dutch went above and beyond . 
  in accordance with the dutch tradition , you pick a tulip from your garden and burn it in front of your enemy , while pointing at him and chanting ` oranje oranje oranje ' . 
  and thus , a dutch feud is born . 
  source : am german , live an hour from the border and sometimes i cross it and enjoy some stroopwafel just to spite the dutch . 
  deal . 
  that 's not so bad then . 
  i was expecting helene fischer on crack or something . 
  do i want to know what turbo folk is ? 
  the afd just fell apart . 
  the rmr circlejerk . 
  what a good sounding name . 
  let 's make this happen . 
  pretty sure she will crown herself kaiser at the end of her last term . 
  edit : kaiser sissy the unsmiling will be her first designation . 
  i ca n't really believe that young people associate the name kevin in that way . 
  people made fun of it because it is an americanized name more common in lower class families . 
  but this phenomenon came up ages ago , in the 80s/90s i guess . 
  and it were n't kids making fun of it , but adults . 
  ca n't believe they actually use this . 
  i 'm curious : you guys are n't allowed to ride your bikes drunk either , are yah ? 
  nooooooooooooo , not more coins !, 
  i already have enough of them . 
  i have shorts i can not wear because the weight of the coins pull them down :(, 
  homos to the north , assholes to the left and racists down south . 
  what a great neighborhood . 
  younger me remembers seeing those on porn sites ... 
  it was pretty good at scarying you away when you thought the state was involved . 
  i guess there must be a database somewhere that matches document numbers to people information , but knowing my government well enough tells me that access to this is not automated or comfortable enough for on-the-fly user checks . 
  to check a number you probably have to sign six forms , snail-mail them to the bureau of personel identification in the capital . 
  they then put on a biohazard suit , descent into the catacombs below the city and give it to gary there because gary is the only guy left in the world that still understands the century old sorting system that rules the millions of drawers down there . 
  edit : the us actually does this with certain documents . 
  their website looks scrummy as fuck . 
  even with adblock . 
  i just googled this . 
  the ps store wants the document number , your birthday and the expiration date . 
  they do n't actually check if your information is genuine . 
  what they are doing is calculating some sort of checksum out of your info and compare it to the one in the document number . 
  ` tis true . 
  also applies to passports . 
  what do you mean ` invalid ' ? 
  my name is dickbutt twatface !, 
  this must be an older meme then . 
  i do n't think anyone named their name karl after the 1990s . 
  it 's just eastern germans being angry that their state is basically a desolate wasteland . 
  if you ever feel like roleplaying the lone wanderer from fallout , go and visit the countrysite in saxony . 
  this is n't even their design either , but just the old preussenstern with a swastika tacked on . 
  the nazis simply just took what others had made and slapped their symbol on it . 
  kinda like the business model of 9gag . 
  yeah i just said that . 
  good !, 
  now build a 208cc !, 
  as an ex-conscript of the german army : l\u00e6ffy is the best . 
  every army should have one at all times . 
  the fuck : o if i take my girlfriend for dinner in a mid-scale restaurant/bar and to a movie , that 's about 70 $ . 
  yeah , they give bad gardening advice though . 
  seth rogen is the only one i ever heard about . 
  willie nelson does look like woodstock never ended , though . 
  wow , has being a pothead become `` cool '' pr-wise ? 
  also none of them really live up to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlgetxcekze, 
  yeah , but our snails are n't nearly as large as theirs . 
  they had no meat on their bones . 
  we have those too . 
  they are fun :d,
