  because if they are , they ca n't possibly spying on someone . 
  not effectively at least . 
  yup . 
  spies gon na spy , and politicians are gon na sit on high horses and point fingers . 
  every nation spies . 
  show me a nation that does n't do it and i 'll call you a liar . 
  well , maybe luxembourg does n't . 
  acting all shocked and appalled when someone gets caught red-handed is part of the game that is called foreign policy . 
  is lithuania burning or something ? 
  should we send some firefighters ? 
  burning tires is a national pasttime in france , that much is assured . 
  that means ` my beloved danish friend ' in swedish , right ? 
  he just wants more people under his clutches . 
  going for the low-hanging fruit i see :d, 
  even your bic is unpronouncable :d edit : in hindsight , your bic might be what comes closest to being pronouncable on that photo . 
  can we try and get a translated copy and hand it to someone who speaks arabic ? 
  i want to know if they managed to translate from legalese amtsdeutsch to arabic and produced something more readable than google translate . 
  yeah i know . 
  but you have to admit that it is kinda counter-intuitive that distance is not relevant . 
  you are a bad person , and you should feel bad :d, 
  i wondered why the hell german amazon bothered with this . 
  i know a vendor that offers : package from munich to hamburg : 3 $ package from munich to salzburg : 12 $, 
  i 've got a 2012 fiesta . 
  i 've mostly restricted myself to accelerating very slowly and trying my best at maintaining constant speed ( slowing down when i see a red light at the horizon ) and never driving faster than 120 on the bahn . 
  shifting is weird . 
  i always feel like i 'm 200 rpm less away from stalling the engine . 
  my mother had a c-max ^ until ^ i ^ totalled ^ it ^ on ^ sunday that she never could get below 6.5 l. 
  it supposedly had the same engine either the focus or the mondeo uses . 
  maybe we should tax them by the amount of exhaust gases that they produce too . 
  what ? 
  if it is the law in germany , i know an awful lot of people who are in violation . 
  i just put a little bit of googlefu into it , but afaik a spare tire of fix kit is not mandatory . 
  i always feel like i 'm going to kill the engine if there is a slight hill ahead when driving with so few rpms :d, 
  heh maybe  there are probably more gtis in the hand of young men here than v8s :d, 
  can you imagine what would happen with the coffee price if we would drive around with that ? 
  ah , i had n't even thought about a legal requirement . 
  neither is needed in germany though . 
  if you want to be stuck with a flat tire out in bumfuckhausen , you are free to do so . 
  that is true . 
  flooring the gas pedal causes fuel consumption to go through the roof , and flooring it is necessary if you plan on driving 160kph . 
  if you wish to drive your compact car fuel efficient you have to limit yourself to a slower tempo . 
  or go big as you did . 
  consumption of what ? 
  coffee ? 
  :d if so i usually run on 0.5 cups per 100 kilometres . 
  true , stop-and-go driving is less efficient than just travelling at constant speed . 
  my car has one of those passive-aggressive displays that `` recommend '' gear shifts . 
  it does save fuel to do what it wants , but it bugs you the first few days . 
  `` stop displaying that icon . 
  i do n't want to shift up . 
  there is a red light up ahead . 
  also , 70kph in 5th gear is ludicrous . 
  stop smothering me ! '', 
  i would think that young gung-ho men with powerful small cars are exactly the combination that is most likely to cause personnel and materiel damage :d, 
  but when do i browse reddit when all i do is work , at work ? 
  wait , the st is n't offered as a 2 door in the us ? 
  i have never seen it as anything but a 2 door here . 
  [ even fords website advertises it as such ] ( https://i.imgur.com/cchf0fp.png ) . 
  i have actually flirted with the thought of getting one in a year when mine is paid off and i could trade it in . 
  i wanted to have something with a bigger engine anyway , the reason for the 60hp was the insurance costs . 
  the insurance cost is basically determined by the type of car multiplied by who you are . 
  and being male and below 26 years old , which i was when i bought it , is one of the worst kinds of person to be . 
  going small with the engine saved me big on this . 
  well , better to have one and not need one , and so forth , i guess :d peogeot builds some fine cars . 
  especially their hard-top cabrios are sexy as hell and pretty much the only ones available that do n't cost you your firstborn or look like warlords wave from them when driving in their parade . 
  okay , i admit that there probably are more people who have spare tires . 
  i have the 1.25 l 4 cylinder petrol engine that outputs 60hp . 
  only time when this actually becomes a problem is when you try to drive faster than 120kph/75mph on the highway and your car is full of fat people or you are driving up a steep hill . 
  there is no way you can accelerate past 120kph under those conditions and even on a flat piece of road the car would benefit from a bit more agility . 
  other than that , your max speed will cap out at 160kph on flat road . 
  i ca n't image driving a fiesta with a 120hp engine . 
  i know you can even have it with 182hp , but that just seems overkill :d, 
  i 'm loving it . 
  if you are looking for a car in that size i can thoroughly recommend it . 
  it is n't insanely expensive , it fits 4 people in it , has a nice boot , and it looks incredibly nice and sporty . 
  only thing to beware of is the engine . 
  60hp is simply not enough for a compact of todays size and weight . 
  go for one size bigger at least . 
  being german myself i know a lot of younger people who go for the german manufacturers , but i frankly do n't see the appeal in them . 
  mercedes , audi and bmw have never figured out how to do anything besides 2-ton limousines and vw 's golf is at least twice the price of any other compact car and looks incredibly boring . 
  do you boys and girls in the uk usually use miles per gallon as figure ? 
  i 'm much more used to stating how many litres on 100km a car uses when talking mileage . 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  you are likely right . 
  driving habits do n't change easily . 
  i would expect that the rift grows because manufacturers ( claim to ) build more efficient cars . 
  all in all , more realistic test conditions are needed . 
  fiesta actually . 
  ford claims that the focus has comparable mileage ( half a litre more or so ) , but i do n't believe that for a second ... 
  you realize that you are approximately the only person on the european continent to actually have a spare tire , right ? 
  :p edit : in hindsight , there probably are more people having spare tires and i 'm just reckless . 
  it should n't have been a capital l. 
  this has been my experience too . 
  manufacturers claim : 4.4 l me driving normally : 6.5 l me driving like a grandmother : 4.0 l i 'm driving a ford though . 
  this is the crux in this . 
  driver behaviour obviously is a huge part of it . 
  i can drive my car in a way it only uses 4l on a hundred kilometres . 
  which is below the 4.4 l the manufacturer claims . 
  i just do n't want to :d i usually end up using 6.5 l.
