  so , no , he did n't really get permission from the ottomans to take the sculptures . 
  we * do * work like crazy . 
  it 's just that it 's pointless work , pushing paper around instead of actually producing stuff . 
  well , most parties try to sell a false hope that cuts will end , either by `` renegotiating '' or by `` rejecting the memorandum '' . 
  they fail to mention what are negotiating with , or where the money we owe will come from , if not from the memorandum . 
  i doubt there 's going to be such a large denomination ... 
  anyhow , the fact that it * dropped * from 25 % to 20 % ( and did n't * climb * from 17 % to 20 % , as the media would have us believe ) is probably the only good news i 've heard so far . 
  well , the result can go either way , so ... btw , out of the 7 parties that entered the parliament , 5 want to remain in the euro ( or at least , that 's what they say ) . 
  only kke ( communist part of greece ) and golden dawn ( neo-nazi ) say they want out of everything . 
  of course everyone plays to the greek voters ' desires , and claims that they can stay in the euro without any more cuts etc. 
  ( i do n't really think anyone believes them , though ), 
  obviously , there can be a thing as being * too * subtle  also , i suck at writing fake nigerian scam letters , 
  yes , so was i  ( the phone number has a 419 inside it , it 's not just a random number  ), 
  well , greece has abolished monarchy in the 1974 referendum , but sure , i can be a prince . 
  also a pastor and a doctor . 
  before the euro transition , it was about 0.015 $ . 
  after the euro transition it 's going to be at best half that . 
  yes , i 'm not risking much . 
  i ca n't afford to . 
  also , i got a large amount of money i want to get out of the country . 
  i speak good british english . 
  contact me at +30.219.419.1405 . 
  western union only . 
  well , they say they wo n't make a government with pasok , so really , the only way is to make a government with golden dawn ( which is even more ridiculous ) . 
  i believe we may solve the crisis , but in spite , not because of , the austerity measures . 
  the only good thing that may come out of it is we may start losing some slack that we have in both the public and the private sector companies . 
  that , and the fact that i see some new ideas coming about , such as direct sales of food from the producers , or a new one i learned about yesterday , `` renting '' a farmer to produce your goods ( http://www.gineagrotis.gr/ ) . 
  this looks more far-fetched , to be honest . 
  i would n't count it out , but there are more chances for the reverse . 
  i believe the protest vote will probably be less ( since they * already * demoted pasok to third party , something that has n't happened since the 1970s ) . 
  i * genuinely * saw a lot of people scared that at the end tsipras will manage to have us kicked out of the euro and europe altogether . 
  clarification : i am pro-austerity . 
  not because i am a masochist , but because i do n't see any other way that wo n't end in greece 's financial collapse . 
  the sense i 'm getting is that everyone is scared of the immaturity of alexis tsipras ( the head of the second party ) . 
  not because he is young , but because the idea that we should leave the austerity ( but keep the money , somehow ? ), 
  would probably lead to us leaving the euro ( something that even tsipras does n't want ) . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say that if reelections * did * happen , there would be a massive reflux from syriza to pasok and from golden dawn to nd . 
  and i think that 's what samaras ( nd ) is hoping for ( and that 's why he only took one day to admit that he could n't make a government , even though he could use three days ), 
  until any kind of government is formed . 
  it * is * more possible to form a pro eu government , yes ( even now , it only came up 2 seats short ) . 
  still , repeat elections have never happened , as far as i know - even in the `` dirty '' 1989 elections ( the elections were fine , the whole 1989 scandal was n't ) a government * was * formed by a coalition of nd conservatives and the communist/leftist syn . 
  to be honest , the move of antonis samaras to conceit government forming was more of a ( pleasant ) surprise - i would even assume that because he was so bent to become prime minister , he would even give in to the ridiculous `` give us the money , but with no austerity measures '' demands of syriza . 
  actually , i believe he ( antonis samaras ) is trying to get repeat elections soon . 
  4 years ? 
  4 years is the exception , not the rule . 
  i ca n't really remember the last time a government served full term !, 
  no , of course not , 
  no , they are n't socialists , they are communists . 
  being from north korea , i would suppose you would know the difference . 
  i would n't say public sentiment is negative . 
  the sentiment of public `` servants '' is negative , of course , but they are not a majority . 
  there has been one incident when greece gave cyprus an 8 or a 10 . 
  other than that , no-one else votes for us , so ...  and of course greece and cyprus are not always competing in the finals . 
  public sector initiative ( i think ) . 
  the '' + '' sign was for extended . 
  it 's what we called the haircut agreement , i 'm not sure if this term is known outside of greece . 
  the gist of it is that what the government owes to the banks is cut to about half , but it is obligated to pay back in $ ( or # , or $ ) , and not in ( drachmas ), 
  this would help if we had a trade surplus . 
  since we do n't , printing money ( or defaulting ) would n't really help , as we still need to buy oil , machinery , electrics , cars ( or car parts ) , even food and sometimes electricity from other countries . 
  this is the real reason we are n't defaulting , and i guess the real reason for the rest of eu to keep `` funding '' us ( or the banks that lent to us / bought the greek government issued bonds ) : if we had a trade surplus ( or if going back to the drachma led to a trade surplus ) , we would probably ( choose to ? ), 
  default the next day . 
  there is no easy answer ( otherwise the politicians would have found it ) . 
  what would be the point of exiting the euro ? 
  we can default while within the euro , and not have to pay double or quadruple for ( e.g. ), 
  oil ( gas ) . 
  if we could pay in drachmas , we 'd just print some more . 
  so it does matter . 
  `` humanitarian '' missions never solved anything . 
  i agree that the crisis is mostly about the banks . 
  of course the greek politicians ' `` kicking the can down the road '' until it was no longer feasible , or the greek politicians ' constant motto `` i received given scorched earth '' each time a different party is in power have helped any . 
  in any case , it 's really a moot point right now - psi + ensures that greece ca n't pay back drachmas for euros it borrowed , so there 's absolutely no reason for greece to get out of the euro . 
  given that greece does n't produce oil , i doubt they 're going to be much cheaper ... 
  well , it 's too late now . 
  after psi + ( which states that all loans should be payable to euros ) , there is absolutely no benefit for greece to leave the euro . 
  strangely enough , i 'd be in favor , and i think a lot of other greeks would be too , but i ca n't really see it flying , even in less `` patriot '' countries ( if there is really such a thing ) , much less self-centered , prosecution complex suffering , nationalistic greece . 
  all things said though , i do n't really think there are many people as disgusted with their ( current ) politicians and the general level of corruption as greeks . 
  just a hint : to do quotes like this :  your quote here type this : `  your quote here `, 
  i do n't understand why `` phlegmatic '' is supposed to be an insult, 
  the name and the implied history , yes . 
  there is a suggestion of a hidden `` unified macedonia '' agenda , but i do n't think anyone apart from the far right gives this much credence . 
  well , i must admit i * am * a hairy noisy man . 
  no , just the standard greek pessimism , 
  i do n't know if you 'll be seeing that for much longer ... , 
  i dunno , it 's just that it did agree for papadimos as well ... , 
  laos as well . 
  sweden may have voted 80 % no to euro , but even now , the polls say that about 75-80 % of greeks * still * say yes to euro ( and yes , * with * the added austerity ; of course we would be happy if we could do without , but we * do * understand our fate will be worse with the drachma or the phoenix or whatever other currency ), 
  both , probably . 
  the flight of capital has already started ( it 's probably ending right now ... ), 
  perhaps we just avoided a new military junta ? 
  more or less ... 
  switzerland . 
  the few ( dare i say , the 1 % ) that had money , transferred it to swiss numbered accounts . 
  so the answer would be to become a russian protectorate ? 
  now you 're just pulling at straws . 
  `` president '' karamanlis is the largest reason we are in the mess we 're in right now , by the way . 
  if we went back to the drachma , it would be immediately devalued at least 50 % ( or more ) . 
  the arabs wo n't care if we default , by they will not be paid in drachmas , they will be paid in euros or dollars . 
  how is paying twice for oil ( as an example ) be any help ? 
  how is paying in cash any help , when the cash itself is of no value to the traders ? 
  how is having a complete economy meltdown be any better than this ?
