  that 's the way it 's done, 
  yeah i think that 's a valid concern ... such a shame really, 
  well regarding this :, 
   each episode does n't completely correlate . 
  ( ... ) some episodes cover one and a half chapters . 
  we have already said that those threads should only be `` released '' once everything discussed on them has been shown in the anime . 
  great to see . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  u/h-k _ 47, 
  i would personally love to see it becoming something usual for each new episode . 
  some valid concerns which have come up itt are :, 
  - the correlation between manga and anime ( which should be inspected by manga readers obviously ) . 
  - the possibility of users having came back to the thread after the next chapter was out to post spoilers [ or verify theories ] for that given moment in the plot , as u/statictaco mentioned . 
  the first one can be easily tackled , not quite sure how to deal with the second one . 
  anyhow , thanks for the mod interest on making this subreddit more anime-viewers friendly . 
  really appreciate it . 
  wonderful , thanks a lot !, 
  bela gutman 's curse ... that shit is more serious than, 
  lets . 
  the year of the 12th no doubt . 
  we are breaking all cruses this year . 
  hype, 
  that 's what you get for messing with papa madrid, 
  * yeeeeees laaaads we made it . 
  12th incoming . 
  hala madrid *, 
  i was really looking forward for some good, 
  look at savic 's right * foot . 
  what . 
  the . 
  edit : right, 
  you could not be more right . 
  neither atm nor bay did anything notorious to win those games ( because of how madrid neutralize them ofc ), 
  impossible to tell for the ref . 
  but imagine the salt if the teams were switched around ... 
  you are the chosen one ... our ferguson, 
  meant right foot . 
  it looks as if it had its own life, 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  i believe federer is just as loved as rafa . 
  none of the would be such legends without each other . 
  i personally love federer for everything he does inside and outside the court . 
  the 2 goats , no doubt . 
  same in spain . 
  both rafa and federer are loved ( the latter is even recognized as the legend he is as if he was a national hero ) . 
  novak on the other hand , no that much . 
  bring it on !, 
  love how the cameras sometimes focus more on the girls than on the match itself, 
  best fucking shit in the whole episodea, 
  best fucking shit in the whole episodea, 
  cig maybe : `` hey you know wat , what if we placed the self destruct bottom right next to the ` open exterior ' one '', 
  cig_employee_2_alfa : `` sounds about right '', 
  please . 
  literally one of the best games i have ever seen . 
  hey !, 
  but i like madrid !, 
  and the blue clay thing , even though it did not work out , it would have certainly been revolutionary ( although problems , you know ) !, 
  i do n't get shanghai being first , honestly . 
  to me it 's clearly between paris and montreal . 
  legend sergio !, 
  8th player to ever ace the the island green !, 
  this is comment no . 
  1000 in the thread , just want to say ... 
  vamooos !!, 
  vamos rafa !, 
  had the same feeling . 
  agreed on that . 
  legend alonso . 
  among the goats , no doubt . 
  magic alonso !, 
  absolutely !, 
  i think papis ' way into the spl is nothing but good news for the smite comunnity and competitive scene . 
  as you say they have tons of followers ( i remember many times where the spanish casting of any competition in whcich the papis were involved , almost doubled in views the official hirez stream ) . 
  so proud of them . 
  true story of superation . 
  u/h-k _ 47 thank you so for taking my suggestion into consideration !, 
  it 'll be a pleasure to read through people 's originals reaction to the events in today 's episode . 
  thanks for your work , huge shoutout to all the mod team !, 
  is the body deleted really ? 
  i still can see it ... weird . 
  but yeah it 's true , it is not showing in the active posts . 
  papis not welcome . 
  eh , admins just taking the nzi mods for a walk , i guess ... 
  just read my flair, 
  could avoid smiling , 
  love this team so fucking much, 
  amazing second goal today . 
  `` weak '' foot and shit, 
  well , although the phenomena are indeed somehow similar the main difference i see between the two cases is nothing else than ... * the state of each esport in which each team have developed their professional career . 
  smite is not ( and will surely never be ) as big as lol . 
  at least not , if no big company ( say blizzard ) got interested in the smite universe and bought the totality of hirez . 
  with the current situation of the game , and hirez itslef being a small independent studio , smite competitive scene can not be guaranteed for the next 5 years ( which does not imply that it wont survive , just that it is not guaranteed ) , unless thing change drastically . 
  the game is not in a bad state , but with hirez policy of developing new games instead of focusing on the current ones , things might get hard in the future . 
  and so , that is , imho , the main difference between the 2 cases . 
  smite and its competitive scene has great potential but hirez will soon face important dilemas though which the game future will be decided . 
  yeah but the thing is that smite is not a window as big as lol . 
  and thus , each team 's future is linked to its respective esport . 
  in spain so far , smite is not really anything special when it comes to esports, 
  exactly , that 's it .
