  ia there any web where i can find all the cards currently in the game ? 
  just ronaldo ending someones career , poor dude, 
  thank you very much !, 
  beautiful !, 
  i really like , ronaldo 's evolution throughout the last two games . 
  even though , he has not scored his playstyle is way more intelligent and generous and really benefits the team . 
  lets go for the league and champions titles lads !, 
  i am just gon na leave this here and leave quietly ... 
  agreed . 
  loved ronaldo 's performance in the last two games, 
  absolutely love ronaldo 's performance during the last two games, 
  how many matches each ? 
  actually the la decima match was the last real madrid match he witnessed before passing away . 
  he left us seeing real madrid becoming champions of europe for one final time . 
  only so , could he rest in peace ... :'), 
  so ... basically , if these pics look better than the original ones , how 's not that cig applies these `` filters '' themselves to enhance the graphical aspect of the game ? 
  thank you all lads !, 
  and now lets go for villareal !, 
  seen all episode as well . 
  thinks he 's rigth, 
  is it an in-game screenshot ? 
   plus its on a long ass 16 second cooldown , when you have ppl like thoth who has the longest dash in the game on a cooldown that scales down from 16 to 12 with a 1sec powerful stun attached to it . 
  dafuq kinda logic is that . 
  this truth tho, 
  filthy, 
  upvote for visibility, 
  i wish i could upvote this post more than once . 
  fov slider is sooo important for sc 's future . 
  do you mind sharing the raw wall paper in high resolution ? 
  would love to have it as well :d, 
  who is this beautiful creature ? 
  this actually made me lol hahaha . 
  spain 's been already done !, 
  beautiful, 
  please, 
  thank you reddit, 
  i actually believe this is a point of extreme importance in sc, 
  this is my final version of the canvas from now on . 
  op do n't you have a higher resolution image perhaps ? 
  care to explain difference between native 4k and oridnary one in a eli5-friendly way ? 
  should google it but no time rn . 
  cheers . 
  awesome video btw, 
  it 's beautiful . 
  thank you for your brilliant work, 
  in q213 , regarding the r/starcitizen spaceship , have you contacted the admins from the subreddit ? 
  does the artwork count with their approval ? 
  just saying because it looks slightly different from what it was once meant to be ( the rainbows on the trail are a bit different ) . 
  thanks for your amazing work guys !, 
  nice to see another citizen involved . 
  great to hear , it looks great as well . 
  which is the ova you are talking about ? 
  got names ? 
  oooh , i see . 
  i 've actually watched it already but it 's been such a long time that i had already forgotten . 
  yep , that shit 's enigmatic ( pls no spoilers if you are a manga reader ) . 
  regarding ` summon suku ', 
  m e t a, 
  there 's no such a thing as ` bad publicity ' . 
  big bennys is most limely the nost froced and uninteresting joke of all time . 
  it 's getting quite lame by now . 
  other than that , cool oc . 
  you surely deserved it buddy !, 
  everyone at spain is so proud of you and i am also sure seve ... somewhere will be watching you with a tear running his cheek . 
  beautiful , just beatiful . 
  what a valient and emotional story of never giving up even after decades of loss and ingratiude from a gane he devoted his life to . 
  i am sure somewhere seve will be watching you sergio with a tear or two running down his cheek . 
  justice 's been made with one of the greatest european players of recent times . 
  so well deserved , we coud not be more joyful about your win , sergio . 
  bravo . 
  beautiful , just beatiful . 
  what a valient and emotional story of never giving up even after decades of loss and ingratiude from a gane he devoted his life to . 
  i am sure somewhere seve will be watching you sergio with a tear or two running down his cheek . 
  justice 's been made with one of the greatest european players of recent times . 
  so well deserved , we coud not be more joyful about your win , sergio . 
  bravo . 
  time travel creates bullshit like this . 
  basically what you are saying is that nothing matters , since traveling 1 second in time basically creates a new world where everything can be reverted . 
  if everything matters , nothing does . 
  if all universes throughout time and timelines are important , no one really is . 
  poor plot writing by t. as usual ... 
  who cares about db story anymore anyways , it 's just about punching gods harder and harder by now . 
  because plot convenience in case you did not know already . 
  hopefully , the refs wont save them this time, 
  ca n't believe what i am reading , so i 'll just leave this here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mufb_hzeivk, 
  thank you very much for your very nice comment . 
  all of us here in r/shingkinokyojin are well aware of the great effort you , the mods , do preventing spoilers . 
  thanks a lot for your time , it is truly appreciated . 
  * sigh * go watch the match again son , there 's a dozen ref decision all questionable all of which helped barsa, 
  1 . http://metro.co.uk/2017/03/14/paris-saint-germain-send-five-page-letter-to-uefa-slamming-referees-performance-in-barcelona-defeat-6509507/, 
  2 . http://www.telegraph.co.uk/football/2017/03/14/paris-saint-germain-send-five-page-letter-dossier-refereeing/, 
  3 . https://www.thesun.co.uk/sport/football/3072269/barcelona-vs-psg-referee-deniz-aytekin-sensationally-accused-of-shouting-f-you-to-french-clubs-players/, 
  4 . http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/european/barcelona-6-psg-1-reaction-referee-demotion-a7624266.html, 
  5 . http://metro.co.uk/2017/03/14/paris-saint-germain-send-five-page-letter-to-uefa-slamming-referees-performance-in-barcelona-defeat-6509507/, 
  if you refuse to look up those conflicting plays then you are just refusing straight evidence i am afraid . 
  never have i defended psg attitude regarding the whole letter thing and of course they might have been benefited by the ref in other occasions , yet definitely not this time . 
  i have many friends who are barsa supporters and admit the scandal and i am pretty sure that the overall opinion here in reddit as well ( just read this very same thread and look up for some very upvoted comments ) . 
  if you denny clear evidence then you do not deserve one single more minute of my time . 
  so wipe your tears and start supporting your team for the second leg . 
  yeah definitely what u/someonerandomson said .
