  of course cig must deliver but as we have seeing there are many slippery paths to be taken or , in the end , to be simply completely ignored . 
  i have got exactly the same concern . 
  to me sq42 is the part of sc i am looking the most towards to . 
  wish i could upvote this more than once . 
  fucking hell ... what a beauty, 
  wenger out, 
  none . 
  alonso you fucking legend, 
  is it bad that i can not really tell which of the two faces look better ? 
  not so fast ... how many balls ? 
  comparison is a bit out of context tough ... it means nothing tbh, 
  is this it ? 
  is it ... ** 4dchess ** ? 
  i hace thought so many times about that . 
  smite story mode would rock . 
  i fucking love this team . 
  our time . 
  our new golden age . 
  our kings and gods . 
  our heros . 
  our 12 european title . 
  long live real madrid . 
  he is playing 4d chess come on, 
  man what a photo !, 
  hahahaha love it !, 
  how can you even dare to compare barsa-psg match with yesterday 's ... speechless . 
  i like you, 
  if you knew anything about football , maybe you could spot the differences between the two matches . 
  real 's dynamics through all the second half was , at all times , superior to that of juve 's . 
  and then you come here comparing that to psg 's match where they had already conceded 4 goals by the final minutes and barsa was pushing further to score or get any cheeky pen as they did in the end . 
  all very logical indeed . 
  anyhow , there 's nothing to discuss about . 
  the images are there and they speak for themselves . 
  cuadrado steps on sr with no other intention but to harm him and with game stopped and the ball outside the pitch . 
  besides he had been given a yellow before . 
  fair and rigth decision by the ref , no matter how ramos acted after the foul . 
  those are fact , the rests as you like to say , ` speculations ' in a scenario that should have never happened since cuadrado was properly sent off . 
  do n't even know why i am wasting my time arguing with you , but i did want to leave this clear . 
  real 's tournament has been outstanding in all possible ways and i could not be more happy for my team . 
  yesterday , today and always : hala madrid . 
  see you in the supercup and let the best of the two teams win . 
  cheers . 
  r/soccer salty as usual . 
  wipe your tears m8 . 
  and maybe focus on your team which is the one truly embarraisng to watch everytime it leaves the domestic competition . 
  okay , now tell me . 
  after watching this images : do you think cuadrado was properly sent off or that the ref made a mistake ? 
  no one is justifying the reaction or ramos . 
  we have already agreed that it was ridicuolus and childish . 
  just answer with a yes or a no . 
  was cuadrado rigthly sent off ? 
  brazilian ronaldo as well !!, 
  probably the ship that looked the coolest on every piece of early concept art . 
  as long as it gets remodelled to look similar to that feel it had in the begining . 
  i 'd be sold already !, 
  man i loved every minute of the celebration . 
  they really outdid themselves this year , best celebration since the one with placido domingo , imo . 
  btw , does anyone have an album with some pics of the day , or perhaps a cool video ? 
  did look in real madrid social networks but could not find much . 
  how do you build a strucutre here at earth accurate enough to measure attometers ? 
  to me it sounds as it breached into the unceraninties proer of th world of quatum mechanics , yet they are created by huge macroscopic events , how does this work ? 
  how could one create such a precise intrument ? 
  thanks in advance and thanks for your amazing work . 
  nice . 
  thank you . 
  sims much ? 
  thank you so much man !, 
  i am definetely goint to * rewatch * the 1st match against sporting which i couldnt see back in winter . 
  i still can not believe there 's no official way to watch past matches after they have been aired . 
  i think fifa should enforce some sort of legal requirement for every tv companie to sign so that , say , 6 months after or maybe directly at the end of the season , all matches became publicily available in uefa 's online football archive . 
  by doing so , not only would the accessibility of football worldwide increase but also we would all help maintening this historical archive of our beloved sport . 
  some huge lobbies must be giving their ` no ' i guess ... 
  lovely pics , wish i could have been there . 
  hope you enjoyed . 
  yeah i know . 
  the whole family and friends thing is weird , i always get the same feeling as the one you mentioned regarding those moments after the proper celebration . 
  at least , they are getting better at celebrating ( la decima 's spectacle was quite awful imo hahaha ) so maybe next year we 'll get some nice event with good fans-players interaction !, 
  you know what they say `` practice brings perfection '' so i guess we 'll have to win next year 's ucl as well !, 
  technically we have as many as you can tell , or as much as you can go back in your familiy tree !, 
  more than rating navas , i would like to stress how unnecessary bringing de gea to this team would be . 
  considering how absurd his market price would be , i would choose ` el tico ' over him a 100 times out of a 100 asked . 
  is this real ? 
  source ? 
  if he makes it yet again to the podium of the bdo or any other similar awards he is going to hate every minute of cr 's existance lol, 
  i really think that one day , rm 's old six european titles will be regarded as they always should have been . 
  those six trophies , specially the first 5 ones , those beautiful antique looking trophies one day will be standing in the centre of rm museum and not to the sides as they are right now . 
  those trophies were won by a team and a club who together with the french diary l'equipe helped founding the world 's most beautiful professional annual competition . 
  those trophies stand to commemorate the history of a team who set and built the path for the european footbal , the wolrd greatest footballl , to commemorate the first great champion and the most legitimate one . 
  those trophies represent the king of kings and the best thing of all ... is that those trophies are never coming back ... 
  one may win new ucl titles , but every time rm does it becomes the first and last european champion . 
  the beginning and the end . 
  the alfa and omega . 
  those trophies are what set us apart from other maybe as successful or maybe , most likely , not as successful teams . 
  the history of the european football is the history of real madrid , our club , and no one , no matter what they might do today , is able to change such an undeniable truth . 
  i like this, 
  not so fast ... how many trophies ? 
  4 of the 12 won by that man over there . 
  a third of the club history in jut over 14 years . 
  mr. perez administration begins to take form . 
  only two european titles away from d. santiago bernabeu .
