i believe you two are making some assumptions completely wrong regarding that last episode from the series . 
  first of all , misako was definitely not killed when kamui shot at her , since the brains are not transplanted to the body of chief kasei each time a new pilot comes in or out ( as shown in season 1 ) . 
  this general misconception could come from the reaction of the [ somehow ignorant ] enforcer togane when he finds what he believes to be `` his mother corpse '' . 
  therefore the 300 number we saw did not belong to misako herself but to sibyl as a collective entity . 
  every brain from sibyl forms , from the moment they enter the system , a neural network in the same way the different parts of kamui 's brain form up a single entity . 
  in other words , misako saw the whole process to the very last moment when her brain was eliminated together with all the other members of sybil which , despite being asymptomatic contributed to a general collective negative crime coefficient . 
  moreover , the crime coefficient shown ( 300 ) was not hers but the one which corresponded to `` her '' ( we can no longer speak in singular but rather in plural , so `` their '' ) for the mere fact of belonging to sibyl itself . 
  i hope this all cleared those issues up !, 
  sorry for taking so long to answer . 
  i do not use reddit on a daily basis . 
  let 's see . 
  ( a ) to start with , my answer to you very first question is the same one that i told you in the previous comment . 
  one more time , it is safe to assume that toma was not killed in that action . 
  if you remember , at that moment , makishima does not know about the true nature of sibyl yet . 
  if you watch that episode again you will notice how at first makishima thinks that toma has gone through heavily advanced facial surgery ( quote : `` at first i did not recognize you toma ... plastic surgery ? 
  [ ... ] no it must have been something else '' ) . 
  thus , the whole misconception we 've taking about and which is one more time showed by makishima . 
  only one of the bodies of chief kasei is destroyed then . 
  toma 's brain keeps living in the very core of sybil . 
  ( b ) there is sadly no answer to the question regarding the fact that sibyl ( through togane ) was read through the body of kasei , since we truly do not know how the dominator really works . 
  what does it measure ? 
  brain activity ? 
  if so that could be somehow mimicked by the electronic behaviour of `` kasei 's brain '' ( motherboard ) . 
  well , it is up to a certain point transferred to the robot . 
  so that could be another explanation . 
  brain-like chemical activity ? 
  we see the fluids that make the head of kasei explode , so that should also be taken into account . 
  these are only some plausible ideas that could answer your question while keeping alive my conception and believes on the psycho-pass universe . 
  ( c ) [ this answers all the questions regarding the different cc of sibyl ] let 's not forget that sibyl is measured as a collective at the very end of this season and thus its cc can change from one moment to another in the same that the cc of just one individual might change . 
  in this regard , that cc decrease that we saw could be due to the fact that more and more members of sibyl are `` cleaning '' their hue moments before the `` last judgement '' , the elimination of all evil from sibyl , by accepting the `` motion '' that akane had offered them . 
  also , let 's remember , that all these last judgements are being influenced by the `` paradox '' that is mentioned throughout the whole season 2 ( '' ... whoever wields a dominator becomes part of sibyl '' ) . 
  this subject could also be deeply argued , yet it is not our aim right now . 
  ( d ) to answer your last comment [ `` why did kamui say : so this is your true color , misako togane ? '' ], 
  i may only recall on the fact that different people throughout the series do not have sufficient knowledge or understanding of the true form of sibyl . 
  remember that the main purpose of kamui is to answer its ultimate question . 
  which colour ? 
  which does not refer only to togane but to sibyl as a whole . 
  to end my comment remember that , while being judged as a collective , there is no difference between saying either togane or sybil and so his statement at the very end could also be found correct regarding this latter statement . 
  those are all my thoughts on psycho-pass at the moment !, 
  ^ ^ let me also apologise in advanced for any possible typo or grammar mistake !, 
  edit : i keep finding some minor typos and other mistakes . 
  main content remains untouched . 
  sibyl searches perfection as its ultimate goal , and to do so , no one must be above no one in pyscho-pass ' society . 
  consequently , even our ` world police ' which is sybil , must be judged under its own rules . 
  only certain members of the collective are able to understand this , though . 
  the whole point of season 2 is that sibyl wo n't preserve is `` purity and perfection '' as long as it does not accept that itself , as a collective , must also be a subject of study . 
  under these circumstances , it does no longer matter that every single member of sybil is asymptomatic since their purposes , beliefs , principles and ideals as a collective can be judged resulting in a negative cc . 
  yet ... apart from their own methods , under which lens should they be examined ? 
  after all , there is not a correct way of neither behaviour nor thinking ? 
  who or what greater force decides what is right or wrong ? 
  there it is where we find a sense to the last words which close the second season ... 
  * '' ... whoever holds the dominator becomes part of it . 
  through the moral lens of that person , the dominator may reveal a different color . 
  it all makes sense now , right ? 
  the paradox which is constantly mentioned over the last chapters goes deep enough in our understanding of ethics and human sense of what is right and wrong , that everything suddenly starts falling apart ... does n't it ? 
  what if sybil was faced with a typical dilema which has no answer from an ethical point of view ? 
  would you kill one man to save another one ? 
  would your answer change if instead of one you could save two people ? 
  still no ? 
  what about ten ? 
  or maybe one hundred ? 
  or a thousand ? 
  what if you could save the whole humanity just by killing one single man ? 
  the answer to these questions ? 
  there is absolutely no correct answer ... not even anything close enough at all . 
  it all depends on the person which faces the question . 
  the person who is deciding who lives and who dies . 
  the ultimate judge ... 
  # `` the person holding the dominator '', 
  regarding the first question , it is true that sybil could have easily avoided the destruction of that single robot . 
  we have even seen ( in s1 when kasei changes one dominator pointing toward kougami from paralyser to to lethal mode , by merely tricking its reading ) that dominators might be modified without taking any cc into account . 
  so , if your point is that the robot could have not been destructed , you are absolutely right . 
  nonotheless , that would have not made any sense . 
  remember , that in that moment , the majority of sybil has already taken the decision to accept akane 's suggestion , the collective crime coefficients . 
  therefore , togane as an individual is nothing but one more obstacle in sybil 's pursuit of purity and perfection ( remember this is always its ultimate goal ) . 
  they all are just about to get rid of her , of her last remains , the brain , and consequently they might just let her `` die '' ( at least as a pilot of kasei ) in order to have that one final conversation with both akane and kamui . 
  also a now speaking about that last question you made there . 
  that is with no doubt , ** the most important point of the whole season 2 ** . 
  every single word spoken in every second from every chapter , every single act or though as well as the ultimate question of s2 : * `` which color ? 
  '' * or alternatively * `` which is sybil 's color ? 
  '' * leads to that point you are now bringing up , which was answered in the following conversation :, 
  * kamui : i can feel it . 
  even some in that inhumane monstrosity are happy to have their colors judged again . 
  * akane : you think so ? 
  * kamui : we 're not done . 
  you should try pointing that barrel at sybil itself . 
  if it 's seen as a true collective now , then whoever holds the dominator becomes part of it . 
  through the moral lens of that person , the dominator may reveal a different color . 
  let me be honest here , because initially i did not have any clue of what this could mean . 
  it was not until i started writing one comment in this very same thread that i suddenly realized what this whole `` paradox '' was dealing with . 
  i ended up having quite a poetical way to express my recent discover and i still have n't change my mind about that answer . 
  it might not be the right one , yet it is probably the best ones i have ever found since i first started discussing this series . 
  i recommend that you check it if you wan na get answers . 
  it is my reply to andy776 comment . 
  the one right at the bottom of this thread . 
  let me know what you think about it . 
  let me know what you think about it . 
  where you being sarcastic there ? 
  do you have any non-anthropomorphic god design ? 
  yeah !,
