  otherwise is this is your oc , i must say it is absolutely beautiful u/chaseholfeldermusic !, 
  do you have any yt channel perhaps ? 
  something i can follow you on if you keep making these :p, 
  the scale of the map is so off , so different between the 2 pics that it can \u00b4 t really be seen the difference . 
  valiant effort though , solider, 
  hahahahahahaha, 
  best news in sc since cr \u00b4 s birth, 
  agreed , not only implementation is needed but also a good fully adjustable fov . 
  not as high or good as the classic glitched fov video from a few years ago which pops up everytime it 's discussed, 
  anyone minds eli5 ` ing how do they account for causualities or losses in this sort of attacks ? 
  us pentagon supposedly reported 36 kia . 
  where and how did they get this figure from ? 
  ah , the osu wars ... 
  well if you know prior to the attack how many people are in a super secret daesh complex of tunnels , i 'll give it to the us and their special forces hahaha ( or maybe to the conspiracy theorists ) . 
  indeed , much appreciated . 
  if only all shpis were given a less obstructive view ( looking at you freenlancer ) , especially considering the new fov slider, 
  at this moment in time , i really except no more than a fully developed tray sitting simulator . 
  we could call it bdtsse , best damm tray sitting similator ever . 
  i see , thank you very much for your explantion . 
  i believe i unconsciously underestimated the current satellite technology . 
  the fact that terrorists in a complex of tunnels in some mountain chain in afghanistan can be observed like ants in their anthill is simply mind-blowing . 
  i am all against wmd although they bring peace through the principle of mad , yet the technology involved is truly outstanding . 
  who won ? 
  so many thing wrong in this pic ... says 25 yet shows 24 , moab is not an atomic nuke and it 's not even in mw2 but mw3 !, 
  i see . 
  very informative comments . 
  cheers . 
  ah that 's some quality shitposting . 
  do like it . 
  i am laughing more at this than i want to recognize, 
  any filters or raw image ? 
  ^ ^ ^ this ^ ^ ^, 
  ^ this, 
  love it , just one small detail . 
  if this is supposed to be a monitor in-game , then i believe all sort of indications for the player - in your case how the mouse allows you to navigate around the load - should be avoided at all cost ( i am pretty sure that cig had an specific term for this sort of coherence within the sc universe , yet i have completely forgotten it ) . 
  can you give full specs ? 
  this one 's fine . 
  but please , no more freaking big bennys stuff . 
  hahahaha, 
  off side, 
  from ,, 
  the school, 
  zoom in , enhance . 
  vamos rafa !, 
  100 % agreed . 
  wow 's market crash is a good frame of reference for sc devs to work around economy imho, 
  agreed . 
  yeah i know , but if resources reappear magically for some player to refine/mine them so as to sell them to a npc with pretty much infinite money , well that 's some good ` ol * printing money * for you . 
  inflation at its finest . 
  super interesting to read tbh . 
  i had previously thought about this * money sinks * mentioned in the 1st and 3rd part and while it is said , and i quote , that is basically `` making your gameplay suck to solve your bad economy design problem '' , it always worked quite good in my mental simulations , i guess . 
  my idea was , for instance , making cig the main insurance provider of the game , like , as a real in-universe breathing company !, 
  providing that every player has to have some sort of insurance it 's a good way to remove money from the game . 
  although , the prices of these insurances might not be as high so as to compensate for the endless hours of grinding . 
  we 'll just have to try , wait and see i suppose . 
  4:25 onwards is simply astonishing . 
  beautiful music for beautiful game . 
  man i love this !, 
  well it finally made it !, 
  would love to see that . 
  btw i find it pretty comic the fact that xi'an looks that much similar to chinese hahaha . 
  it 's like the devs werent trying at all . 
  although it looks super cool i would expect something more alien-like, 
  feel so bad for alonso , he deserves much more than this ... 
  i fucking love you rafa, 
  did n't know goats could swim, 
  hopefully it 'll become a ` triple decima ' soon . 
  we can only wish !, 
  edit : a space, 
  yep , he 's on 9 right now . 
  a 10th rg would be truly beautiful to see . 
  lol , we 've got some high-qualiaty shitposting material on our hands . 
  sorry for not being related , but why is the spanish flag not among the flairs ? 
  ( sorry being off-topic , i just discovered this subreddit ), 
  weird , i still can not find it : / ( perhaps because i am spaniard myself ? ) . 
  anyway great subreddit , just read the manifiesto , i am honestly wiling to get engaged in * civic * conversations about europe and its future . 
  nice to have such a community around . 
  beautiful to see history been made in front of our very own eyes . 
  haha !, 
  lovely pic !, 
  let 's get 'em tonight , lads !, 
  fucking yes . 
  8 goals in 3 matches against bay and atm . 
  long live the king . 
  8 goals , 3 matches , bay & atm, 
  long live the king, 
  8 goals , 3 matches , 2 victims ( bay & atm ) , 1 king, 
  long live his majesty the king !, 
  the only , cristiano ronaldo dos santos aveiro, 
  wipe your tears bro, 
  did i hear ... 
  it 's a shopped version of a pic from an assassin 's creed iii first dlc 's promotional banner done by the spanish newspaper marca , if i am correct, 
  i freaking love this dog, 
  someone does not remember his last appearance apparently . 
  no , thank you . 
  he might even play tonight !, 
  great way to celebrate it !, 
  thank god someone has a brain . 
  time zones have nothing to fo with it . 
  errr .
