  in a world so detailed it 's honestly important to get sharp , clear-cut views of all kioks pannels , ship controls and even shops or space stations . 
  good job !, 
  ^ ^ not ^ ^ you ^ ^ pr, 
  what about having a low quality video for a whole week on youtube representing a 160 million euro project ? 
  do you think that is acceptable ? 
  i am not solely talking about the crash . 
  also the live demo is great , but a more professional-looking press release would be have been undoubtedly more welcomed from a a marking orientated approach ( not as a substitution , but as a complement to the live demo ) . 
  put as you wish , but a 160m euro project with more than a million stakeholders worldwide , if let me put it in that words , can not take such poor marketing decisions . 
  it 's not about money !, 
  just common sense !, 
  go for the high quality one , no doubt, 
  i had this chat yesterday with some redditors who apparently disagreed with my statement : ` cig sucks at pr ' ... 
  ** sigh **, 
  sick, 
  no alonso :(, 
  his spanish is fine as far as i know hahaha, 
  yeaaah but in this context is more like dude hahaha, 
  noo not really , you see this whole thing comes from the fact that people from different parts of spain use different words in different ways . 
  so it 'd simply be as an scottish guy calling his friend ` dick ' in a friendly way i guess hahaha, 
  who do you think is going to win this year 's ucl ? 
  i hate them as well . 
  not only the org ones but the whole concept to begin with . 
  they are big , distracting and fuck the comment tree up , rather have them removed . 
  it 's super m8 . 
  sadly power levels mean shit, 
  you are saying that because the outro/ending theory right ? 
  i think it 's wonderful, 
  well true that . 
  at least back then the conflicts were more or less unplanned and z figthers had to face them with everything they had in hand . 
  now we are talking about a multi-universe god-related tournament of power where ten shin 's attacks are still powerful enough to beat some opponents gather among galaxies and galaxies to determine the fate of their universe . 
  he ded ^ in ^ 1h ^ and ^ 40min ^ btw, 
  do n't downvote him !, 
  he is saying the truth !, 
  it was really that way , to the point that one year their president said that rm always started 9 points ahead for the tournament , the 6 six we 'd won against them and 3 more that they 'd take away from barcelona . 
  and then cholo came !, 
  fax much ? 
  he 's saying the truth this time tho, 
  espanyol has n't won on single point from fcb since the \u00b4 tamudazo ' ... 
  try another thing m8, 
  if anything we 've seen since gamescon is that cig 's marketing team is definitely not the best one in town ... 
  why does the game in its current state look 100 times worse than this ? 
  did n't they implement it in the final build ? 
  i think you mean * happy little accidents, 
  hammer changes hands, 
  how is it that some people always find lame excuses to justify any sort of success coming from rafa ? 
  come on , delpo just won federer on the year he has won 2 gs . 
  be real !, 
  he is too old for that shit, 
  awesome work !, 
  yeah it 's pretty absurd . 
  just like stating how much time is left measured in ` things to do ' . 
  ` bugs left ' ... ` one bug ' , ` two bugs ' , ` three bugs !, 
  like 2018 q2 is not even that unlikely tbf, 
  on our hunt for the 19th !, 
  insatiable !, 
  unstoppable !, 
  unbelievable !, 
  vamos rafa !, 
  we are so lucky to have witnessed nadal and federer . 
  beyond favoritism the one two real g-o-a-t-s of our sports . 
  two gentlemen . 
  two sportsman with sportsmanship as their one flag . 
  two wonderful human beings . 
  and a whole world grateful to have shared their time with them . 
  vamos rafa !, 
  19-16 this is not over yet !, 
  i am now going to play this clip 10 times every time i wake up in the morning, 
  well it did burn but in the most controlled and unharmful way i have ever seen anything burn . 
  if feels as if the flag said : ` you sure about that ? 
  if it 's not accidental i am okay i guess ' . 
  so yeah , long live the common project . 
  i literally shouted ` nooooooooo ! ', 
  when i first saw the circle even though i was expecting it, 
  yeaaah also de euro is going pretty strong now, 
  i absolutely agree with everything you have stated here . 
  thanks for putting my thoughts into clear words . 
  i did the same and i also feel you . 
  glad it 's now been discussed at least . 
  big issue imo . 
  jesus christ , most disliked comment i have ever seen, 
  supposedly nothing wrong ( although feel free to correct me if i am wrong ) . 
  the oms released a 20-year long-ish , iirc , experiment a few months ago which stated that up to 3 coffees a day were actually healthier than none at all . 
  ruined, 
  saved, 
  i think it 's wonderful . 
  atmospheric flight should completely be reworked . 
  also having different ships behaving in different ways and perhaps stopping some from permanently entering atm . 
  flight due to their lack of aerodynamic profiles or vertical thrusters aa they could not realistically suatain in said enviroment ( e.g. 
  the caterpillar ) . 
  that we know about ... 
  i love this tournament and i love our two very beloved goats . 
  what an amazing year we 've had ... allezroger !, 
  vamosrafa !, 
  the two greatest sportsmen ever . 
  and the two greatest gentlemen we will ever witness in sport . 
  i thank god for living in the same age as these monsters . 
  fedal love, 
   thiem should coach rafa and federer when he retires, 
  what a time to be alive indeed, 
  history being made right in front our eyes .
