  pretty much . 
  i believe smite is seriously missing some more `` khepri-like '' gods , in the sense that they are always human , anthropomorphic interpretations from the different deities . 
  anyways , do you have any draft or drawings of these ? 
  if so , could you tell me which ones ? 
  nice !, 
  well , do n't forget to make a new post if you ever do some drafts or renderings as the ones you 've got for khaos . 
  also , really good work . 
  keep it up !, 
  well not really , just on xbox . 
  those gods are absolutely out of the meta on pc, 
  indeed ... that is , in fact , a pretty good appreciation, 
  this man has spoken the truth, 
  i just hope that actually at hi rez someone is reading this comments : v, 
  i see hahaha but hey that is why we love you boys !, 
  amazing work !, 
  i have just subscribed !, 
  awesome !, 
  this is amazing dude !, 
  god , you could n't be more right about that ... rip career, 
  and who do you think developed that software ... . _ . 
  i could n't agree more with that last statement of yours !, 
  how childish do our minds look sometimes compared to certain people throughout the history !, 
  things like this make you realize how complex our world really is and how through the effort of brilliant ( mostly non recognized people ) it does not fall apart . 
  absolutely my friend ... 
  it just sounds ridiculous to hear that being used as a way to look down on others effort, 
  yes i know , but i also believe that we can all agree that in orbital mechanics - as in many other fields of science - once the true nature of the universe is found and described ( i.e. 
  universal laws such as gravity ) and then encoded into a special software , the part of the work done by a computer is merely the ` donkey work ' ( if you let me put it that way ) . 
  simply re-running - as you said - different simulations whose several differences or original purposes are even set up by the scientist themselves !, 
  edit : grammar, 
  i believe you have not chosen an appropriate example ... 
  even a 12 year old boy could do that . 
  as simple as doing a division by hand with decimals and make it go on and on until you get your 20 digits . 
  orbital mechanics where a 50 ton space probe is being influenced by the gravitational pull of several moving celestial bodies ... that 's way different, 
  well ` the original work ' can always exist in the theoretical world as it has been during most of human recorded history . 
  in any case , i do agree with you that when it comes to placing an actual probe in jupiter 's orbit one would n't have sense without the other . 
  keep in mind , though , that my original comment was only written to answer that first statement which somehow diminished this brilliant people 's work . 
  no but do n't get me wrong . 
  the people who , as you do , build the software used in these calculations are equally important to this whole process . 
  the original comment which i somehow did not agree with was the following :, 
  `` i 'm sure it 's computer assisted at least in part , but it is still crazy to think about . '', 
  since it somehow says that these scientist just threw random data into a machine ( which the built and programmed ) until it all came together . 
  at least , that was the idea that i got from it and thus why i answered to it . 
  edit : btw if you 'd explain me how to quote comments the way you do it , i 'd appreciate it !, 
  also thanks for the conversation . 
  it is always fun to talk about this stuff, 
  all of that while paying his taxes !, 
  it is difficult to say , but people trying to go right now to the streets are most likely to be in favour of erdogan . 
  whole situation in turkey is not easily answered in a few lines take into account that everything is not definitive and thus might change over time, 
  what you mean by politicial opinions are mostly solid facts based on evidence though ... 
  edit : * solid, 
  i 've got one final question guys . 
  what do you think about serena ? 
  will she come over to alola ? 
  we did it boys !!!, 
  till the very end my friends !!, 
  print this comment a place it somewhere important in your home !, 
  hala madrid !, 
  never give up !, 
  could not agree more hahaha, 
  he sure deserves more minutes, 
  never . 
  give . 
  hala madrid, 
  brave new world , aldous huxley, 
  i honestly lol ` ed there, 
  exactly my thoughts . 
  i remember having the opportunity to ask directly to some cig members regarding the possibility of planetside combat , actual atmospheric flight and manual landing on any planet . 
  the answer ? 
  not now , not planning on doing so and not until several years after the actual release of the whole sc universe . 
  and now ... well , here we are !, 
  could n't be more excited about it, 
  that first point is indeed the only one thing that calms me regarding this issue . 
  cig is concerned enough with the development of the games after its release . 
  if something is boring , they 'll sure fix it , * a priori * there should be no worries there, 
  i just wanted to post an answer i gave to another redditor regarding this issue, 
   people worried about the travel time seem to be forgetting two important things :, 
  1 ) they will shorten it by 10 or 20 mins ( ... ), 
   that first point is indeed the only one thing that calms me regarding this issue . 
  cig is concerned enough with the development of the games after its release . 
  if something is boring , they 'll sure fix it , a priori there should be no worries there, 
  edit : format, 
  is this cannon ? 
  ( made by cig themselves i mean ), 
  any link to the clip ? 
  i see . 
  that 's cool . 
  i see no reason why this should n't be added to the game once finished . 
  after all it 's just free work for cig , free content . 
  thanks !, 
  neither certain rolls royce nor a bugatti , surprisingly enough . 
  i am just glad that the german guys are being the ones in charge of this gigantic , daunting task . 
  still remember the good old days when cr said that planetside action was nearly impossible . 
  amazing how far we 've come ... 
  zeno is the most powerful being in db so far . 
  i believe it is safe to assume that he exists aside from any timeline , simply in a superior plane observing every universe with every possible outcome or alternate version of themselves . 
  edit : cohesion, 
  i 'd really like to hear reddit 's opinion on this matter . 
  do you believe that it 's now safe to assume , in the current moment of the series , that every godlike creature in db ( destruction gods , higher kamis and so on ) exist aside from any timeline , simply in a superior plane observing every universe with every possible outcome or alternate version of themselves ? 
  i 'd say zeno clearly does ( otherwise himself traveling in time could lead to the clash of the most powerful being in the series against pretty much himself - aka destruction of every universe - apart from the problems that having two absolute gods in one timeline could imply ) but what about the others ? 
  edit : grammar 'n stuff,
