  i do n't even think we 'd see a fight there . 
  as zeno said in the previous episode , he would simply wipe out black from existence ... maybe doing a small gesture with his hand or something . 
  just read that in the wiki . 
  agreed with both things . 
  wow i have to disagree here . 
  while we now know that goku is far far stronger than even the supreme kais , zeno has been , since the very first moment we got to meet him , in a whole different league without a doubt . 
  remember that the supreme kais asked for help to defeat buu ( who had previously killed/absorbed 4 of them - north , south , west and the former grand supreme kai - ) showing that they were never a big threat in terms of raw power . 
  while zeno , on the other hand , has destroyed so far 6 universes from the original set of 18 . 
  no comparison there . 
  edit : typo, 
  iirc they did yeah, 
  edit : the whole de-fuse thing seemed to be a surprise though, 
  pls let this happen, 
  to the future only for the s. kais . 
  for the rest of mortal is a no no . 
  this is a really interesting point . 
  yet , i assume that writers wo n't let this happen ... having vegito constantly available with no downsides seems pretty op to me . 
  i got ta agree with everything you said there . 
  now that we mention this whole time travel thing , i seem to find one big paradox here . 
  zamasu 's hate against goku comes from their first fight when they went to check the whole universe 6 time ring , yet , this visit happens precisely because they suspect that zamasu might have something to do with the black thing . 
  so , `` which came first , the chicken or the egg ? '', 
  6 for real ? 
  i dunno why but i am still getting 3 !, 
  sure they can fuse whenever they want , but we are talking here about the possibility of de-fusing whenever they want with buu 's help . 
  the latter will never happen , otherwise vegito would stop being a permanent transformation/fusing but rather something else more like the 30 ' gotenks or something . 
  whenever we talk about this things i always recall on the lost potential which gohan had . 
  he could have been the most badass guys in the park ( after having been trained by both piiccolo and then by the old kai ) . 
  but no , we got the fucking piece of shit which saiyaman is and now ... well , let 's not even talk about that . 
  while i agree with some of these points , vegito - apart from being more or less op within the series - would pretty much destroy goku and vegeta as separate characters together with their rivalry . 
  i do n't think we 'll ever see that , the potara fusion , happen again ( at least for now ) . 
  i can argue about the possibility of being someone out there more powerful than zeno , yet denying that he 's , so far , the most powerful thing in the series is pretty absurd . 
   we were told zeno has destroyed universes . 
  this is only hearsay . 
  oh come on . 
  we need to believe the official sources and facts that the series gives us , otherwise we could talk about nonsense and give it the same credibility as everything which happens in the series . 
  zeno destroying 6 universes was stated by both whis and beerus . 
  it 's a fact as solid as iron . 
  i know that i am a bit late for this post , but i 've got a really cool name . 
  laelaps , a greek mythological dog who never failed to catch what she was hunting ( or alternatively i 'll name it stormwind which is its translation from greek ), 
  i got ta agree with you . 
  i really do n't like the whole golf mini game ... 
  absolutely . 
  they should definitely address that . 
  love it . 
  i think it 'd also look fantastic with the raw image , would love to see that as well, 
  this ^, 
  love it . 
  upvote for visibility, 
  where are they though ? 
  in the caterpillar clip it just goes up like it 's being pulled up by strings . 
  even though i can barely see them acting on the clip , i believe it 's all more about feelings . 
  sure you could just say that you have this super small and super powerful thruster that holds that monstrosity in mid air like nothing ( if so the super huge engines in the rear part make little to no sense ... but whatever ) . 
  the point which i want to make is that lift in game looks really really fake . 
  like absurdly fake . 
  you have super huge horizontal thruster and then literally just a few engines in the vertical axis . 
  it does breaks immersion to me . 
  i keep saying the same i told / u/daavok in my previous comment . 
  even though those small thruster might or not be there . 
  the thing is that the whole process look super fake . 
  the caterpillar clip is the best evidence . 
  as i said before ` you have super huge horizontal thruster and then literally just a few engines in the vertical axis , it does breaks immersion to me . ', 
  yes absolutely !, 
  thank you for translating it into words . 
  if that super small thruster can generate 1g of vertical acceleration in the ship ( actually more since the ship can go upwards not only hover , so way more than  1g ) . 
  then , it what position does this assumption leave the super huge horizontal thrusters ? 
  it 's all about feelings what i mean , and how i believe this one aspect is not properly implemented in the game . 
   it seems like there should be more for countering gravity , but it does make sense that future thruster tech is ultra efficient . 
  yeah , that 's it . 
  considering how big ( and how many of them there are ! ), 
  horizontal thrusters in the caterpillar are , do you believe this one super small vertical thruster should be enough to account for all the lift of the ship without breaking immersion ? 
  could be . 
  the only thing is that is really difficult to imagine . 
  i believe that clarke 's third law is perfect for this situation . 
   3 ) any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic . 
  yes of course . 
  i perfectly understand your point , but at the same time i believe it 's one thing way to big for cig not to take into account . 
  there are two thing that matter in both planes and spaceships , lift and thrust , and one of them is being completely ignored . 
   also it was confirmed a while ago size of thruster does not equal power of thruster . 
  about this , i just believe it 's a super poor excuse . 
  if so , why is there a difference in size after all ? 
  why not use the same super efficient engines ? 
  it is not like we were not talking about a small difference in radius , as horizontal thruster are ridiculously bigger than the vertical ones ( apart form the fact that they are more numerous ) . 
  also what about the famous `` attention to detail '' ? 
  this is definitely one super big hole . 
  finally , if we admit the fact that those engines are just way more powerful , it does not quit the fact that it 'd still look super fake and incoherent . 
  perfect , just perfect . 
  just make vertical thruster a bit bigger and make them go full power for 5 or 10 seconds to start generating lift . 
  would love to see that , inertia is indeed one big factor . 
  yes but energy shields are just easy to accept . 
  the thing is that one invisible force lifting the ship , well ... that just looks fake . 
  ( if you are willing to do a project with the scale of sc , there are way better solutions !, 
  especially , considering the fact that the devs even develop different types of engines and so on ! ), 
  is the font used in ` the evolution ... ' garamond ? 
  if not which one is it ? 
  does not look exactly like garamond though . 
  they might have stretched it a bit vertically . 
  not really sure , check the website you may find useful info there, 
  is it raw material from the game ? 
  or have you used any filters or similar ? 
  absolutely stunning man , loved every bit !,
