  please dont kill me for asking this , but would a heavyweight mma champions ( assuming he can beat everybody else in his category ) dominate over the rest of the weight divisions ? 
  or is there a point were weight becomes counterproductive ? 
  the last three titles should be lifted from the rest , with la duod\u00e9cima in the centre further raised , as if it was a podium . 
  mr. perez i know you check reddit daily so if you see this , please follow my advice . 
  shit that would n't work either ... time to build a new room for the european titles i guess !, 
  a new ` king 's of europe ' space in which the european cups orbit a huge cenral real madrid crest . 
  yeaah that 'll do the work . 
  i could not agree more, 
  cat, 
  just buy some acs shares that 'll do the work hahaha, 
  ^ ^ ^ acs ^ ^ ^ is ^ ^ ^ floren 's ^ ^ ^ company, 
  i like the idea as well !, 
  if only ... but i 've heard that no champion has ever achieved to do so . 
  can anyone confirm or deny ? 
  dude ... maybe his face is just tired, 
  maaaaan what a nice episode . 
  brilliant work guys , loved every minute !, 
  look at that beauty !, 
  i think it the sound is just fine . 
  imagine the new player reaction when they first see this . 
  also , on a separate note . 
  what do british people exactly mean by * hard * brexit ? 
  from the outside hard mostly equals * harsh * for the uk as in the revocation of all beneficial status that the eu ensures to its member states ( i.e. 
  access to the single market , freedom of currency , movement and speech or eu legislative regulations and standarisations , to put it short so we can understand each other ) . 
  whereas , on the other hand , a * soft * brexit is mostly conceived as a brexit which would benefit the uk as it would preserve the favourable status and conditions stated above while exempting them from taking part in the collective maintenance of the union ( no communal funds needed , no immigration programs , etc ) . 
  in a nutshell , a brexit beneficial to the uk in the most one-sided ( and unfair , if you let me ) expression it can achieve . 
  are this definitions followed internally in the uk as well ? 
  or do you refer to the different brexit possibilities with similar words but different backgrounds and meanings ? 
  is there a video of the match ? 
  i hardly ever save a post . 
  but this one ... man it 's so beautiful !, 
  that 'll be really cool but i guess it 's way more hard to do in sc . 
  anyway , it is a super valid concern , hope they can find a way to make it feel as smooth as possible . 
  the fov slider is going to be the most noticeable and important improvement in this game since ... well ever . 
  it 's going to make you feel like you are indeed piloting a ship and not make you feel * as if you were the ship * . 
  so hyped . 
  man wish we could have more ground vehicles . 
  the day ground warfare gets added into the game , is going to be massive . 
  this cool . 
  how big are the other studios when compared to f42 ? 
  approximately how much is cig spending for every year of development ? 
  cheers , thanks a lot . 
  of course i perfectly know that cig knows what they are doing , but is n't that a lot ? 
  like , +150 / 42 ~ 4 years only . 
  how are they going to ensure the sustainability of the project ? 
  yeah that 's what i thought . 
  we can only hope that indeed they know what they are doing . 
  i see , did not know about that . 
  thanks for the info . 
  anyway , is n't this :, 
   cig do have at least a year and half of cash in hands, 
  not that much either ? 
  like i would expect the company to have greater emergency-reserve-like funds right ? 
  i 've just seen the recent e3 anthem trailer and i must say that the level of vegetation and detail on those extraterrestrial planets was absolutely beautiful . 
  should we expect something as detailed ( and hand-work-ish ) to ever appear in sc ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  true . 
  do we have any evidence from the devs to support the idea one way or the other , though ? 
  thanks for your well-thought and elaborated answer . 
  regarding the whole discussion i would always choose quality in that regard over quantity . 
  but of course the magnitude of sc , makes the latter more likely to happen . 
  hahahahaha, 
  to me there was literally just one game remarkable from the whole festival , and it was anthem ( and maybe a bit detroit , but that was it ) . 
   2018 ascr, 
  ftfy, 
  hey !, 
  truly inspiring , can you tell us what resources did you use to learn ? 
  did you attend any classes or nothing at all ? 
  was it all self-taught ? 
  thanks man !, 
  the one and only, 
  i am honestly starting to worry about the future of this game by now ... 
  literally years since we heard about 'em and all we getting now is that unnecessary update on network . 
  who would have guessed ? 
  i suppose all those haters were right after all ... 
  why exactly are you been downvoted ? 
  i absolutely agree . 
  keep them coming !, 
  i love them !, 
   to compare to last weeks 493 cumulated days of delay , this week we only have 46 !, 
  r/unexpectedfactorial 3.0 soon ^ ^ tm, 
  hi u/h-k _ 47 i would like to start by congratulating you on the wonderful mod work done this season , thank you very much for the hundredth time . 
  also can we please get the corresponding old manga threads ? 
  thanks a lot man !, 
  could you maybe try recreating one of those christmass spehrical little crystal mini-wolrds ( not neccesarly in an ice biome ) ? 
  sick work as usual !, 
  the last of us ... maaaan you are going to have a good time . 
  yeeeah i know ... 
  i clicked accidentally on the manga thread and got spoiled ( \u3112o\u3112 ), 
  stupid me, 
   nice . 
  we should go repeatly post this to r/beyondgoodandevil, 
  some people just want to see the world burn, 
  trail in space ? 
  quite a big con if you ask me, 
  sigh, 
  i love you, 
  thoughts on the space trails ? 
  i still have doubts with them tbh, 
  agreed .
