  i really can not understand how people want quantity over quality ... it is just baffling . 
  do you want sc to be nms 2.0 ? 
  just look at the quality of the teams he has scored against man . 
  legend, 
  also just one extra fact : the team most scored by ronaldo in ucl ... is bayern . 
  just let that sink for a second, 
  that 's perez 's recent administration for ya, 
  4d chess, 
  if you are aiming for 100 planets . 
  you 'll have 100 empty planets which you 'll visit once each . 
  rather have nicely detailed and explorable terra or other symbolic landmarks in the verse . 
  although you 've got ta recognize that there 's some good ` ol nostalgic feeling in that first one, 
  starting to look like an asymptote lol ... fml, 
  how many tennis balls the ilegal immigrant was juggling with, 
  he is saving that one card for next year , 
  absolutely !, 
  bring them on !, 
  he plays shoulder with shoulder with benz in 4-4-2 . 
  otherwise in the 4-3-3 he falls more to the wing while still coming close to strike positions , as benz usually holds the middle while also falling more to creative and associative positions as an offensive cam with his back always to the goal in creation/static attack , and finding inner spaces , defender 's backs and overall defensive holes in dynamic attack . 
  also there 's no real need to get an xbox if you already have a pc , as exclusives get released on both platforms ... the only logical step would be buying the ps4 or going full nintendo , i gues ... ( if you have the money for it ofc ! ), 
  this ^, 
  hahahaha be strong my friend we all feel the same way, 
  noooooooooo for a second i thought it was an official sc concpets release . 
  godaman noooo they look so fucking good . 
  definetely would like to see some naval officials and on borad surgeons like those on the game . 
  no team plays or at least has played football like ours for the last 2 to 4 years . 
  not surpraising at all that the ucl titles have followed from there , of course . 
  what is this masterpiece . 
  we dont ... we dont deserve this, 
  can you give us a source for the picture ? 
  looks lime a cool comic, 
  ` you laugh , you lose ', 
  the pewdiepie influence is strong on this one, 
  wait , i did not know this was possible at all !, 
  are there any documented cases in professional golf ? 
  i honestly thought the term hole-in-one only existed for par 3 . 
  holy shot !, 
  asymptote confirmed, 
  i see a lot of meme potential here, 
  the question still remains ... will we ever be able to do something like that ? 
  just read in r/soccer ( no source at all , just some random guy ) that barcelona was also offering 4.5 m for him . 
  the thing was that mallorca wanted the payment to be done upfront , while they offered 2/2 .5 ... and that that was it , we got it . 
  i honestly have no clue wether it 's true or not but i 'd lol so hard if it was, 
  sorry , been out of the sub for some days . 
  does anyone mind explaining if there \u00b4 s going to be some sort of big reveal as we have had in the past , or is it all going to be some minor 3.0 ish streams ? 
  in the case of a big show , are there any confirmed hours for these days ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  i see , cheers . 
  looking forward to it . 
  i fucking love it man !, 
  add the rest of the stars and share it with us !, 
  ( am even willing to pay for it ), 
  hey , i was just seeing one of the streams and i came across one clip where one cutlass was performing some atmospheric flight and thiem suddently stopped . 
  just like that , hovering with no power . 
  as if it was outer space , but instead a mere meters above a planet where g resembled 1g . 
  will we have that kind of stuff fixed at some point ? 
  glad to hear that . 
  people seem to forget that lift is without doubt the most important factor in atmospheric fligth . 
  the bdsse can not tolerate having such a big flaw . 
  it 's like building a football game without goals . 
  long technical explanation , yet the bdsse ( please , take this as positive criticism ) looks fake as hell . 
  there 's no way a multi ton ship can hover a few meters over a planet without creating a goddam hurricane under its main body . 
  the amount of lift is literally insane and so brutal that any mere try to conduct any sort of civilian or militar activity under it would be impossible ( that 's why people crouch when leaving an helicopter with its engines on ) . 
  so yeah , that 's something that we should all worry about . 
  best damm space sim ever, 
  of course that solves the problem . 
  the question is * whether we want * said thing to solve it or instead go for something else . 
  i was just raising overall concern towards something i think needs to be analysed and discussed more than it currently is . 
  but thank you for your sarcastic and completely unnecessary comment . 
  indeed, 
  that 's the point . 
  ships behave identically the same in outer space and in 1g , something that looks absolutely unrealistic . 
  this was one of the most mind blowing things i have ever heard of . 
  brilliant video kurzegesagt , as usual . 
  trust me , not so unpopular, 
  this please, 
   still need to figure out a way for ramps , loading and unloading vehicles in ships . 
  ( last year the same issue happened , this seems to be a design issue and not a technical one ), 
  this, 
  no ship should be able to remain stationary in atmospheric flightmodel . 
  exactly . 
  yet something dies inside me when i see a constellation , for instance , with all its engines paralell to the ground floating a few meters above the surface as if it was straigth in outer space . 
  edit : constellation , bad example, 
  the thing is that those are not even on sometimes !, 
  anyhow , it might have been a bad example . 
  my bad there . 
  but do you feel that sc ships are designed or even can behave in such a way so that they could realistically sustain atmospheric flight ? 
  they have huge engines for propulsion , yet none for lift !, 
  that 's why they might get around the thing when in movement ( lift through aerodynamics ) but look absurdly fake when hovering !, 
  agreed, 
  sorry i am a complete noob in boxing . 
  why are you glad it was not by decision ? 
  yeah i know , but my question was why he was glad about it . 
  but nvm , people already downvoting for asking a mere question ... 
  i see , thanks for the info . 
  you are not alone on that feeling . 
  far right !, 
  this is so much better !, 
  man i wish cig did a better job regarding pr , i do n't know who 's responsible for it but jesus ... it has taken them a full working week to upload this vid , while the poor quality crash-included version has already been seen by +300 k people if we count twitch as well ... 
  they sometimes get the publicity they deserve ... anyhow , beautiful video it really shows how the graphics truly improve the overall gaming experience particularly in this game , not only immersion-wise but also in a gameplay related way .
