you might say it 's ... ( \u2022 _ \u2022 ) , ( \u2022 _ \u2022 )  \u2310 \u25a1 - \u25a1 , ( \u2310 \u25a1 _ \u25a1 ) ... * unnecessary *, 
  humans have a singular ability to turn virtually anything into a reason to kill another human . 
  it 's one thing moving from the village you grew up in to the big city ( like i did ) to do a sensible fairly well paying job , it 's another to shift yourself from one end of a continent to another for a just-above-minimum wage job . 
  everyone 's in it for their tribe , however they wish to define it . 
  hipsters no ... but emo ( of which that person is an example ) popped out , alas , from nu-metal . 
  though nu-metal is n't * really * metal . 
  but through that you can kinda sorta get a connection . 
  that said korn were ( good god they got shit ) my favourite band as a sprog and their early stuff up to and including follow the leader is still kickass . 
  i still really like them actually ... i 'm gon na pop the first album on , fuck yeah !, 
  my italian-polish american aunt would beg ( at the top of her lungs ) to differ . 
  war . 
  surely we should just call it * civilization . 
  downfall was incredibly good . 
  can never watch that movie too many times . 
  the acting was fantastic . 
  will have to look up a few others you listed  thanks for the list !, 
  is that a popular thing with german movies ? 
  i had n't really thought about it before ... 
  sounds like a shakespeare play . 
  * sex ? 
  check . 
  * intrigue ? 
  check . 
  * idiot/misled husband/king ? 
  check . 
  * evil and seditious wife/witch/queen / children/friend ? 
  check . 
  * everyone dies ? 
  check . 
  did n't come home at all . 
  say it ai n't so !, 
  i 'd never have thought it was interfered with at all , what with all those brave ~ ~ russian ~ ~ crimean self defence groups maintaining order . 
  fuck london . 
  and edinburgh too . 
  i think it 's less commonly used here in the uk as opposed to in the us but it 's influence is easily felt . 
  i keep up with us news ( being a dual national ) so i may hear it far more than yourself . 
  apologies if this message is slightly garbled . 
  i 've been pubbing . 
  i think ' - gate ' is now a linguistic suffix to specifically identify scandals , affairs and generally people in power doing things they should n't . 
  is it annoying ? 
  yes a little as the origin of the term is far more interesting than the modern usage and we have been bombarded with zomggate the reckoninggate . 
  and other such sillinesses . 
  not sure why the downvotes . 
  you 're perfectly correct . 
  by the logic of military spending = = military might , afghanistan and iraq were cakewalks and are now bastions of western style democracy and understanding . 
  bugger . 
  that 's what guns and sanctions are for . 
  the illusion of free will indeed . 
  one advantage that russia has over nato is that russia does n't need to transport it 's forces over one of two oceans to reach the enemy . 
  nato 's biggest hitter , the us does . 
  this is a logistical and offensive nightmare . 
  war with russia is ... not cool . 
  it 's a frozen block of mud , blood and spent ammunition with nobody coming out the other end . 
  burn , heretic !, 
  love me some timebombs huh . 
  the indyref ... i could rant for hours and in minute detail about many elements of project fear . 
  that said , the stalling of a potential scottish empire and the subsequent bankruptcy certainly did n't help matters ... and scots have a terrible history of being . . well . . mercenary in outlook . 
  bought and sold for english gold  but in general , too stupid to go , not wanted to stay . 
  make your fucking mind up you london bastards . 
  that would be a * very * odd thing to bring up 0 . o, 
  it was misnamed the british empire , 
  i thought we learned geography by looking at the list of subjugated areas . 
  telling me !, 
  glasgow becomes a shite pile when they 're on . 
  they do both in glasgow to celtic and rangers . 
  it 's much much better because of it . 
  there was enough evil on both sides of * that * unpleasantness . 
  in a word - civilization . 
  that 's just nasty . 
  i was once asked if we had lightbulbs and the `` world wide web '' by a canadian . 
  and that 's why he had to go . 
  heaven forfend people have fun joking about their homelands . 
  we were quite good at it too !, 
  kicked . 
  in the balls . 
  good for their health then . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  of course i 'm a speciesist :p humans are demonstrably the most advanced critter on the planet . 
  what we do with it and how we do it is a different question . 
  my answers are also pretty short due to being at work . 
  i 'm not going to apologize for valuing myself above a sheep :p, 
  not exclusively but if i want to eat meat , got ta kill an animal . 
  well , i can only speak for scotland . 
  i would hazard virtually all cows in scotland can run about in fields . 
  i do n't think we have cattle factory farming here and would n't want it if we did . 
  i do agree less meat , but less is infinitely more than none , 
  well , to be brutally short : my need for food wildly outweights my need for animals to live . 
  if we ate puppies/dogs i would feel no different . 
  as it turns out , dogs have other uses which they are spectacularly well bred for . 
  other dogs are pretty pointless though but i do n't begrudge their existance too much . 
  my view is in general dogs are too useful to eat . 
  the devil 's in the detail , 
  i agree that it 's certainly of interest to include . 
  i just do n't believe it 'll ever make it in . 
  it 's always in a future treaty . 
  well , that 's plainly not what he said . 
  it 's not unreasonable to put a degree ( large degree imo ) of isis 's existance at the feet of the americans , but there are other players too . 
  turkey is certainly one of them . 
  good luck with that . 
  you 'll never get people to stop eating meat .
