  i certainly wo n't and i 'm not even that fond of meat . 
  do i believe they should be treated sensibly ? 
  yes of course , unecessary suffering is just that , unecessary and horrible . 
  do i believe that raising animals with the intent of slaughtering them and eating them is bad ? 
  nope . 
  if you think that the sheep and cows running freely around the fields where i live are being abused , you have a funny notion of abuse :p, 
  not commander yet eh ? 
  the watch books were my favourite  and now there 'll be no more :| :( :'( : ' <, 
  tell me about it :|, 
   insert nazi gold here . 
  the belgians ? 
  colon , how the fuck do you internet . 
  [ leeeeroooyyyyyy !!!!, 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/facebook/000/008/533/leeroy_jenkins_by_bebop953.jpg ), 
  it 's actually a saying i picked up from my mom . 
  who 's an american . 
  * pats head * i 'm sure you 'll get on fine just as you are , 
  americans do n't get irony . 
  we have 65 million + people on a tiny island that can no longer feed or house itself . 
  we do not need more people . 
  we have 2 million fewer people than france is less than half the size !, 
  let the mainland deal with more of these people !, 
  it 's not an argument against immigration or refugees or asylum seekers or anything like that . 
  there simply . 
  is n't . 
  room . 
  and yet still absurdly capable of mowing down huge numbers of people . 
  [ one way or another ... ] ( http://new4.fjcdn.com/comments/what+kind+of+shapes+he+saw+you+_9c6347df7b1c199a3768e5978eae01f4.png ) :d, 
  because how dare my elected representatives get to do their jobs !, 
  clearly unnamed , unsupervised and unelected technocrats should have the only say in setting up these wildly overreaching trade agreements . 
  if you are doing a thing that has to be kept secret or people will get wtf pissed , you are doing the * wrong thing !, 
   and if your film requires intimate knowledge of a location , then you 've made a film with an extremely narrow target audience . 
  knowledge that wales is there is not intimate knowledge of the uk . 
  bollocks !, 
  quite right !, 
  replied to the wrong message ... smoooooooth . 
  says the vaunted * most powerful nation on earth * who has had an extremely dubious military history since the allies beat the axis . 
  this is one thing i 've often thought about . 
  the ira were wildly more active , killed far more people and were generally nastier ( in ni and on the mainland ) . 
  we did n't need such absurd security throughout the nation ( though ni was ... interesting ) though bombs were going off with alarming regularity and i remember them well . 
  we 've had what ... two ` proper ' attacks on mainland soil since all this lunacy began over 10 years ago and we 're being told the nation is under existential threat . 
  and that 's only if you include the joke of an attempt on glasgow airport ... bollocks are we in any appreciable danger from being blown up at a moments notice . 
  i 'm more concerned with cultural schisms and the like :\\, 
  in glasgow we 're looking forward to having more of them . 
  it 'd make a nice change from proddy 's and catholics going at each other . 
  they 'll need a football team though . 
  well he is meant to be kicking about somewhere currently ... 
  but at least it was secular !, 
  you 're notionally the worlds pre-eminent empire . 
  do what all empires do . 
  we did for over 200-300 years and it worked swimmingly for us and continues to to this day . 
  nope . 
  because it 's said `` aye , right '' and in a scottish accent  additionally , it 's simply said different to a typically disparaging yeah right . 
  scottish one here . 
  * aye , right . 
  * a double positive , meaning you do n't believe a bloody word the other bugger just said . 
  i agree . 
  had n't considered it quite in that manner before but i agree entirely . 
  edit : just to further expand . 
  it seems like infantilizing the user base to protect them from posts . 
  yes i may find them offensive or enraging and the gods know i 've fed trolls more than once , despite my better judgement but i can also simply ignore them or downvote them if they are truly obnoxious . 
  deleting posts just makes people curious and suspicious . 
  i like this man . 
  he says sensible things . 
  it would certainly make life in glasgow considerably more interesting than usual . 
  is n't scotland functionally under martial law in that setting ... 
  look , we ca n't help that it 's just such great stuff !, 
  also fire ... * fire *, 
  i was once asked if we had a ) lightbulbs and b ) the world wide web by a canadian . 
  yeah i wasted my time going to university but was more or less made to by two parents who went to a * very * good university . 
  i should have been a welder or blacksmith or something :\\, 
  hmm ... you 've got me there ... 
  i suppose we will just have to eat the fuckers instead . 
  raw . 
  because fire will be taxed . 
  2030 : bankers , politicians and business owners seen hanging from lamp posts in all major cities, 
  stay back , republican scum !, 
  i 'd be saving 45 % of my income as is !, 
  where ? 
  who ? 
  as a scot , the notion we 're all racist nutjobs is . . well amusing . 
  half of glasgow is of pakistani or indian descent and nobody really gives a shit . 
  and rise of wacky racist party ? 
  the bnp ? 
  poof , gone , no longer exist . 
  not a credible political force since the election . 
  i think why there is a strong anti-immigration stance in the uk is a simple matter of space . 
  the uk is quite over populated for its size . 
  and we should fight to protect the rights of all peoples in our borders from such barbarism . 
  aka , new year . 
  we get an extra day off in january to help with the national hangover . 
  hard to say , like the scots , fins are a very aggressive sounding people when being perfectly polite ( which they never are ) . 
  he 's also talking in moon-speak which possibly does n't help his case . 
  i suggest alcohol followed by more alcohol . 
  0944015m3 by the imperial dating system . 
  total lack of willingness to integrate . 
  there is one law , the law the government makes . 
  surely more of a \u00c4u\u00dferemensch ? 
  ( apologies if this is wrong , i 'm terrible at german ), 
  and it did n't work .
