i wonder how much children 's happiness is correlated with the parent 's optimism about a bright future / pessimism that things will get worse anyways . 
  in this thread , you seem to be the only one with heart & mind in the right place . 
  thanks for taking the time to write all your posts here . 
  it 's about the ** image ** of germany . 
  whether germany appears to be peaceful & friendly , as one has tried with the atonement/vergangenheitsbew \u00e4ltigung ; or whether it seems that the nazi-ideology is ( still ) prevalent and widespread in the german population . 
  the reference to the nazi past makes sense here . 
  i do n't know about nz , but usually german immigrants are very well integrated . 
  see , for example : http://www.economist.com/news/united-states/21642222-americas-largest-ethnic-group-has-assimilated-so-well-people-barely-notice-it, 
   if i remember correctly her only argument i think it 's more that she wants to avoid tensions with the csu , the bavarian `` sister '' party of the cdu , as those are the people most openly opposed to gay marriage . 
  i 'd guess that she does n't want to make horst seehofer lose face , as he is a powerful ally to her in most cases . 
  you want the crime rate and number of homeless people to go up sharply ? 
  because that 's how you get that . 
   and it 's not very expensive at all , it 's subsidized . 
  i 'm german and i pay 330 $ / ca . 
  500 $ for the ( subsidized ) day care place of my daughter . 
  this goes on top of a bigger apartment that is needed , clothes , toys , car seats , extra money spend on vacations etc. 
  - realistically , a small child will cost more than 500 $ a month . 
  it 's hard to find kids shoes for less than 40 $ , and they need several new shoes every year . 
  additional children may cost a bit less though . 
  i get about 170 $ from the state , but as i wanted my daughter to have her own room , the additional cost for a bigger apartment is already way bigger than that . 
   you have the possibility to go down in work time if you need to . 
  only for certain jobs and usually just on paper . 
  the better you are educated , the more difficult it gets . 
  in reality it 's almost impossible for many people to work part-time , unless you 're working in the service sector or have a low-paying job . 
  there are no part-time jobs for engineers , for example . 
  most people i know can only work full time or not at all . 
  those are the well-educated middle class couples which do n't have children , or only one . 
   a couple can afford to live in a house usually not in the big cities and that 's where currently the baby boom is at , because young people move to the big cities for work . 
  there 's a real problem for people with more than two kids to find an appropriate apartment , because then you 'll usually have a single earner who has to pay for everything . 
  you do n't want to cram three or four kids into one small kid 's room . 
  this is especially hard for low-income families , i know one family with two kids which lives in a single-room apartment of about 40m2 , all four sleeping in the same room , the only other being a very small kitchen . 
  at that point any sane person will avoid having a third or fourth kid . 
   it 's simply not what they want . 
  thanks , but that does n't explain anything . 
  why do n't they want kids ? 
  it 's easy , i just gave you a couple of reasons . 
   note , i do n't see our exchange here as an argument in any way , since we 're both largely speculating and brainstorming . 
  sure thing . 
  that 's the fun thing with reddit , imho , exchanging opinions and experiences with people from the other side of the world . 
   just one of countless costs a parent incurs yeah , that 's just one point . 
  a lot probably also depends on the benefits your employer is providing . 
  not paying for university here is a big deal too . 
  availability of free day care places on the other hand is currently a problem in germany , especially in the big cities , as there 's quite a significant shortage of caretakers right now . 
  same goes for pre-school places . 
  i know of two mothers who had to quit working because they simply could n't find any after-school care places for their kids , even though they could have afforded it . 
  there are a lot of good things in the us too , some of which are hard to quantify economically . 
  i really appreciate that is much more frequent to have a house with a proper garden in the us , whereas in germany more than half of the populace lives in apartments in multi-story houses . 
  same goes for other details , like the availability of changing places in restaurants , which i found to be frequent in the us and almost in-existent in germany . 
  well , why do n't they want to have kids ? 
  most people have reasons why not , and often financial factors are figured in . 
  it 's not that children are unaffordable in european welfare states ; it 's rather that they 'll threaten your career and you move down the socio-economic ladder a bit . 
  another frequently cited reason is simply not having a partner at the right time ( or not a partner to have kids with ) . 
  true , but keep in mind that median household income in the us is higher than in germany and taxes are lower . 
  this is especially relevant for academic middle class incomes , and those are the ones who chose not to have kids . 
  there 's a reason why there 's a brain drain of about 30.000 people annually from germany to the us . 
  edit : income difference of households is about [ 10.000 $ annually ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income ) , though that is also due to the greater amount of single and single-earner households in germany and double-earner households in the us respectively , so the real difference per person would be a bit less ; but when we 're talking about kids , household income is more relevant than personal income . 
  edit 2 : my personal perspective : here in germany i pay about 500 $ monthly for a ( subsidized ! ), 
  day care place for my daughter , 8 hours each day ( 330 $ ) . 
  i assume i would have to pay about 1000 $ in the us , but i would probably earn about 1000 $ more per month for the same job , so i 'd come out 500 $ ahead every month . 
  so what 's your take on this ? 
  you seem to be informed on the subject . 
  why do europeans have so few children and what could be done - assuming that it is a problem in the first place ( which it is n't necessarily ) ? 
   but it 's not like the third world has high levels of childcare support and affordable housing for normal families . 
  when you 're poor and you have many kids , you 'll still be poor . 
  in europe , many families from the middle class will end up poor when they have kids . 
  so they decide to stay middle class and have no kids or just one . 
  when you 're poor and you have many kids , you 'll still be poor . 
  in europe , many families from the middle class will end up poor when they have kids . 
  so they decide to stay middle class and have no kids or just one . 
  when you 're poor and you have many kids , you 'll still be poor . 
  in europe , many families from the middle class will end up poor when they have kids . 
  so they decide to stay middle class and have no kids or just one . 
  for example : http://ejournals.duncker-humblot.de/doi/pdf/10.3790/vjh.79.3.169 it 's in german though . 
  just read the conclusions . 
  multiple other studies that confirm it are referenced . 
  here again , same conclusion , also in german : http://www.cesifo-group.de/docdl/ifo_forschungsbericht_59.pdf some years ago some german states decided to substantially increase the public funding of daycare centers and , lo and behold , fertility rates went up , ceteri paribus . 
  could n't find the studies on that though . 
  i simply did n't anticipate so much incredulity . 
  for example : http://ejournals.duncker-humblot.de/doi/pdf/10.3790/vjh.79.3.169 it 's in german though . 
  just read the conclusions . 
  multiple other studies that confirm it are referenced . 
  here again , same conclusion , also in german : http://www.cesifo-group.de/docdl/ifo_forschungsbericht_59.pdf some years ago some german states decided to substantially increase the public funding of daycare centers and , lo and behold , fertility rates went up , ceteri paribus . 
  could n't find the studies on that though . 
  for example : http://ejournals.duncker-humblot.de/doi/pdf/10.3790/vjh.79.3.169 it 's in german though . 
  just read the conclusions . 
  multiple other studies that confirm it are referenced . 
  here again , same conclusion , also in german : http://www.cesifo-group.de/docdl/ifo_forschungsbericht_59.pdf some years ago some german states decided to substantially increase the public funding of daycare centers and , lo and behold , fertility rates went up , ceteri paribus . 
  could n't find the studies on that though . 
   we 're a infertile continent . 
  has nothing to do with biological fertility . 
  we 're a continent where raising multiple kids is costly and complicated , with the state refusing to provide the necessary infrastructure . 
  studies have repeatedly shown that 1 . ), 
  affordable and reliable daycare which are open all the way during office hours and 2 . ), 
  affordable apartments big enough for families will drastically raise the number of kids per woman . 
  thanks , now i 'll just spend another hour on the internet . 
  why must there always be someone who has something interesting . 
  ooh , that 's a good point . 
  totally have n't thought about that . 
  workplace safety , potential exposure to many diseases ( malaria etc. 
  ) , traffic accidents , wars , potentially hazardous lifestyle choices , etc.
