well , i do n't like the way our county is run , it 's ideals and generally most things about it . 
  that is obviously a factor . 
  another thing is that again , my grandad was irish and when i went to see where he was born , i really connected with the country . 
  it 's history , language , etc. 
  my ideals are in line more with ireland than they are the uk . 
  my grandad was irish , i actually feel like i connect with ireland more than i do england ( which is pretty much non-existant ) . 
  `` posh americans '' just about right , actually . 
  we are the usa . 
  i was completely wrong though , that 's why haha, 
  not at all . 
  i was wrong . 
  majority then . 
  i do n't . 
  ah right okay , thanks for putting me in my place, 
  pretty sure cameron wants out of the eu . 
  i do not . 
  i do n't want out of the eu personally . 
  the idiots who run my country do . 
  the problem is , we `` want '' out of the eu . 
  they have a better stiff upper lip than us . 
  i like that . 
  georgia was number 2 on my list after sweden . 
  that 's not right . 
  move providers immediately . 
  i really do n't understand how you got top of the speed leaderboard so fast . 
  and the greens got 1m . 
  votes do n't seem to matter here . 
  i did n't know that , sorry . 
  yeah i agree , i was just joking about it . 
  welcome to uk politics, 
  wow really ? 
  what a knob . 
  basically fuck us . 
  - edit - ( looking back it 's actually 9 policies ) i agree with ar417 , cms206 , en261 and 2 , pd205 , pd308 , pa460 , pa700 and 1 . 
  we seem to agree on ar414 and cj381 . 
  so , en262 . 
  * en262 : this is pretty big for me and is what brings up a lot of debate within my circle of friends ( who are ukip and labour voters ) and my family ( who are ukip voters , apart from my mother and father whom are labour ) . 
  generally i think we can have other ways of sustaining our power and energy via other means instead of using `` quick '' and frankly dangerous methods of getting power and energy ( that 's not to say we ca n't improve on this ) . 
  i mean , look at what has happened because of nuclear ( cherynobyl , fukushima ) . 
  i think instead we can use our technology to get where we need to be in a safer and greener way . 
  it 's pointless talking about it , we are n't going to get along from the get go because i agree with 10 of those policies . 
  i 'm crazy too i suppose . 
  oh come on , we are n't `` crazy '' for christ sake . 
  we had a referendum for proportional representation here and we voted no . 
  nah course not , would you mind telling me why though ? 
  i 'm glad you believe in a party so much . 
  you do n't get much of that down here in the south of england . 
  smart hippies . 
  indeed !, 
  `` i do n't wan na ! '', 
  `` labour , do n't make me tell you again ! '', 
  green party . 
  they are the only party i actually believe in and seem to be the only party that have the same views on subjects that matter to me . 
  yeah i suppose its just when these maps come up nobody ever does a uk one, 
  i should do a uk one . 
  i was about to say just that . 
  it 's insane . 
  i 'll be honest , i preferred the other one . 
  i 'm a man that likes functionality over prettiness . 
  it 's not like i do n't eat it just because of that . 
  cadbury . 
  it 's here too . 
  they need their fix man . 
  `` all right , get the fuck off my boat . '', 
  oh for fuck sake , here we go again . 
  look , that 's what i called it when i was 10 okay ? 
  i know it 's fun as hell , which is why i should play it more . 
  wow , that 's cool . 
  i should really look up these things . 
  it is ridiculously dangerous . 
  oh , i did n't know that the ball had a different name . 
  interesting . 
  yeah , there is . 
  i guess i just need to get off my ass and do it . 
  huh , thanks . 
  i did n't know that . 
  i 'd rather play hurling . 
  wish it was here in the uk , i got a hurling stick when i was 10 years old in ireland and i would play it with some irish lads . 
  my grandad was irish too , which makes me want to play it even more since he used to tell me stories about how he got hit in the face by a hurling ball . 
  i thought our parliment was crazy . 
  dude , just because some people do stupid shit , does n't mean everyone in the country does . 
  more like the most expensive or at least one of . 
  we 're good at making fun of ourselves . 
  * clearly *, 
  is england a. . . ... country ... an empire ... commonwealth okay this is going wel - ... capital \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  black adder ? 
  i am a bit proud of it yeah , but i would rather us not trying to one up each other . 
  that , right there , is what the uk really is . 
  according to people that tell me , yes . 
  it clearly is n't that for everyone . 
  it 's not even just reddit to be honest . 
  it 's fucking everywhere now and i 'm so sick of it . 
  no , i did not vote for brexit . 
  no , not everyone in my country is a rascist cunt . 
  please just stop . 
  i do n't understand . 
  have i missed something ? 
  if my luck in relationships remains true , i probably should n't go to denmark . 
  even i got that one . 
  what is going on .
