  when it 's strasbourg the primary and legal seat and brussel 's the secondary seat , they present strasbourg as a secondary seat for the eu parliament , just good at being ` scrapped ' for brussels ' ... http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2510535/european-parliament-scrap-strasbourg-hq-make-brussels-sole-seat.html the brits sure need to have fairer sources for their news ... 
  even that , it 's a useless dwarf compared to what the american court or british gov have passed ... and yet , it encounters deep opposition within french population , activists and associations ... 
  i do n't ever recall the brits or americans going on the streets and signing petitions by tens of thousands to oppose the kind of mass surveillance that the uk and us operate ... hopeless sheep, 
  strasbourg , so close to germany , luxembourg but also belgium , yet in france , is an ideal place to keep the parliament . 
  it is where it was meant to be from the begining in the 1940s ... 
  the building itself is large and almost new . 
  ( renovated in the late 2000s ) besides it would give brussels a rest and would save money if the european politics at the parliament were also based there 24/7 instead of having to fly and rail back and forth . 
  the council of europe and the european court of human rights are already facing each other in the same area of strasbourg as the eu parliament ... a rational and totally justified ( by decree ) proposal . 
  i hope they succeed . 
  technically , we 're on the same supercontinent as shanghai , kuala lumpur , pyongyang and duba\u00ef ... :d, 
  it is time that those who did n't participate to the founding of the eu get to know its history and why things are as they are now . 
  some things just will always be a western european thing and some others eastern european matters ... we have to learn on each other and from each other . 
  besides , in this case , eurozone countries will decide , so no need to add irrelevance to intra - $ zone diplomatic ties . 
  thanks for reassuring me . 
  i just thought the whole of / r/eyrope got invaded by hundreds from nigel farage 's family throwing sticks at balkanese people passing by xd, 
  only difference being that the french actually tend to check human rights more than security ... contrarily to bigbrother ... such a situation where the people are litteraly spied on anywhere is unlikely to happen on continental europe ( we already know the uk has built the most intrusive data collection program and uses it and shares information obtained through it with atlantic counterparts , so basically has n't got the same definition of human rights ) . 
  but no , not in france , nor switzerland , people are too suspicious of data stealing operations there to let things like that voted for themselves . 
  just compare the number of public cameras between paris and london for example and you 'll understand the spirit . . 
  lol  at least france gets a very tiny amount of civilians killed , if any , for every war it fights . 
  contrarily to others ... 
  the fact that uk universities do n't get the same level of public funding continental universities get , means that study fees in uk universities are also a big problem , not only for locals but also other europeans but mainly for foreigners , when universities are 10 times cheaper on the continent ... 
  uk universities , that is ... 
  ok lol sry for `` editorialising '', 
  esta is a unilateral agreement , it works for us-to-member-countries only , not in between members ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_system_for_travel_authorization, 
  so you mean anglican england would 've taken a catholic symbol on its national flag ?? 
  see my comment below, 
  for historical reasons  some in the eu still call it holland https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holland#history holland is derived from the middle dutch term holtland ( `` wooded land '' ) . 
  [ 5 ] this spelling variation remained in use until around the 14th century , at which time the name stabilised as holland ( alternative spellings at the time were hollant and hollandt ) . 
  a popular folk etymology holds that holland is derived from hol land ( `` hollow land '' ) and was inspired by the low-lying geography of holland . 
  how about https://qwant.com search ? 
  yup and the other way too ... let 's impose visa restrictions on brits to access the eu for a start , if they leave ( which wo n't happen anyway ) . 
  `` more suitable '' ... hmm i wonder which box this ticks ... xd, 
  hahahlol well spotted , too bad the norwegian flag was adopted `` only '' in 1821 , 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_france#the_tricolore the `` legend '' wants that , on day one of the 1830 revolution , the then royal flag was all white with fleur de lys ; on day 2 a canon had pierced it on one side , showing the blue sky of liberty , and on day 3 the blood of the people tinted it with red on the other side . 
  even if true , it arrives over 40 years after the people 's decision of having a blue white red flag as national emblem during the first revolution , but is a renewed symbol in this tormented 19th century of the constant values of the french republic . 
  good one to the viennese population , keeping social democracy on tracks in austria, 
  anything about your country 's historical ties , preferably ... 
  i 'll start . 
  my country started in 1615 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/france%e2%80%93japan_relations, 
  for the best , my friend  or we would have had to politicize the eurozone ... 
  then we must clearly work on the core of the union , the ez , to make it an independent political entity from other eu members ... but the danger is that other eu member states represent a less significant bit of the union . 
  that , the founding fathers wanted to avoid i guess . 
  the uk will leave us no choice if it continues in its absurd demands . 
  i like how this discussion ended with swedish sport nationalism  xd :d, 
  national sport in france where it was created , 
  nope , it 's handball , 
  of course ... unfortunately , as soon as he was gone , the uk sneaked in like a trojan . 
  i 'm not saying that , i 'm saying that in terms of size and capacities . 
  frankfurt is a bigger place than the city of london ... 
  well , he might have been one of the most brilliant speakers/journalistic minds of the late 20th century , but he sure looked after his cancer xd https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-f65732b485bb188f9f7ee6b4ee0a863a?convert_to_webp=true, 
   may his atoms rip :'), 
  not really , they did that because of obvious political reasons , to install a certain political regime , not in the name of atheism ( which itself could be related to a philosophical movement ... ) . 
  and btw , secularism is the separation of state powers and superstitious/religious organisations , it does n't mean that a state imposes atheism , quite the contrary actually , a secular state/society respects all beliefs and un-beliefs . 
  so i 'm not sure mao and pol pot really were aiming at secular societies , they were aiming at uniformity of society in communism/marxism  just the opposite of a secular society . 
  la d\u00e9fense near downtown paris is also the biggest business center in europe , go check it out . 
  the english are just afraid of that thing we 're building , because it is already more powerful than their whole country and population alone . 
  fear is never an answer . 
  if they fear the future eu , they must leave or get educated . 
  lol , good point , let 's remind this to camoron, 
  bah oui , voir ce bon message de michel rocard \u00e0 la gb l'ann\u00e9e derni\u00e8re : http://mobile.lemonde.fr/idees/article/2014/06/05/amis-anglais-sortez-de-l-union-europeenne-mais-ne-la-faites-pas-mourir_4431399_3232.html?xtref=acc_dir http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2014/jun/06/french-message-britain-get-out-european-union, 
  if this passes , then the eurozone should also take steps to become more independent and powerfull politically . 
  the uk always wanted the eu to split in 2 speeds ... just what the founding fathers did n't want . 
  i did n't say or mean they were right ... therefore it 's not an argument from authority at all ... 
  i merely expressed my regrets that a large chunk of the population and the economy `` experts '' in the city do n't share the same opinion on the eu integration . 
  it was n't meant as an ironical pun . 
  apparently you did establish the argument from authority yourself , as you drew the conclusion a little hastily . 
  nobody 's perfect . 
  you have n't seen an angry french yet  on the contrary the more the eu will contain only states that share the same vision , the more the eu will be able to perform internationally , politically and economically . 
  the only thing the uk has been doing is pumping money in and out and vetoing essential treatises , from maastrich to nice and lisbon ... 
  the uk has just an opposite vision of the eu , it sees this as a ` convenient ' economical union , where every country should get the best out of it ... 
  this has never been france 's , benelux ' nor germany 's visions for eu integration , who see eu as a real multi-states entity , progressively taking over government powers and executive decisions . 
  the uk wants flexibility , france , germany and benelux need stability . 
  that 's why the uk 's not ready yet for integrated eu . 
  the best service it ` would ' make the eu is leave . 
  i 'm still making the bet that not only will the uk stay , but it might adopt the euro earlier in the century than many think . 
  interesting years ahead for the eu ... 
  thinking about enforcing a border control just for them austrian immigrants ... , 
  \u00f8h \u00bah . . we 've upset the tr\u00f8\u00f6ll , everybody get cover xd, 
  shame the economists in london do n't think like you . 
  what a peaceful world it would be if they did huh ? 
  yeah like wheat from the us ... xd, 
  many of your points are just basic nationalism , not objective nor fact based . 
  i do n't have the time for this . 
  the main thing is that we both agree on getting the uk as far as possible from eu politics and economy . 
  i hope enough voters in the uk think that way . 
  in 2017 , many mainlanders want to see it out of our eu politics , and fast . 
  you have n't been to the right places , that 's all . 
  as for any country , you will be able to find bad food places in france if you look for it . 
  all right then , give me the name of only 1 other country that has over 500 years of uninterupted documented research in gastronomy , formed most of the top renowned chefs for almost as long , exports its chef schools in over 10 countries worldwide , has chefs in over 150 , has developped or created areas of ` cuisine ' from scratch , attained levels of culinary refinement as to have one type of beverage for every dish , codify lunch and supper in 3 to 6 parts with corresponding codes for cutlery , has linked food to other art forms and is still leading the way to a renewed international vegetarian cuisine ... 
  i do n't even see why i have to defend the worldwide supremacy of french-related cuisine here ... it is factual . 
  as arrogant as that may ( unrightfully ) seem . 
  sorry , in good due french manner : `` seule paris est digne de paris ''  `` solo parigi e degna di parigi '' `` only paris is worthy of paris '', 
  frank-reich  germany and france share common dna and politics , the franks , caroligians ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carolingian_empire, 
  if only the uk went out , it would save tens of millions in admin fees in brussels , strasbourg and luxembourg , plus france and other members would n't have to pay for british eu rebate and `` opt-outs '' from mainland eu regulations ( billions $ every year ) , our percentage of budget investment from the eu/per capita would stay the same as eurozone economies grow anyway , plus we 'd go forward with eu integration a little easier with no uk veto , plus our industries could sell things at a higher price to the uk which would still need essential goods from the continent , plus british people would come study massively on the continent as uk university standards somewhat slide down due to no eu investment , plus we 'd get more foreign businesses settling on the continent as london gets less attractive toward eu free trade zone , plus our central banks would lend uk money at a higher percentage , plus to compensate for the loss , uk would ask to enter schengen , which would keep us from having to do britain 's job regarding migrants on our soil , plus france would re-become the 5th largest economy ( instead of 6th this year ) ... but that 's just a faraway dream , is n't it . 
  what we just need is a more cooperative british population ( and british politics ) , but i ca n't see that happening soon ... 
  strange , i 've seen and heard so many christians , muslims , jews , hindus , taoists , animists , polytheists and even buddhists kill in the name of their religious traditions ... but not a single atheist kill or harm in the name of `` atheism '' . 
  go figure ... might have to do with education . 
  it 's called mass counter terrorism ... and it 's not primarily targetted at would-be islamists , but to their families . 
  france is de facto the oldest military and political ally to the usa ... and they know it . 
  well , if that 's reassuring to you , we ca n't wait to see it go .
