  relevant authorities . 
  no immigration . 
  must not pass . 
  britain first . 
  xd xd well do n't come to my country if you do n't want me to come to yours . 
  remember , just 200 years ago the brits were illegal migrants on the continent ... 
  i can also acknowledge isolation is just what some brits seem to like . 
  that 's good with me after all . 
  he wo n't either be learning english , nor create uk wealth by consuming human goods and working ( not stealing british work , no ) or making human babies that will , in the next generation , be an integral part of british society ... no , that the polar bear will never do . 
  besides , i would see the polar bear fitter ... at the north pole ( ! ), 
  than in a country zoo in the middle of britain . 
  thanks for providing us so many occasions for laughter !, 
  ( or , rather , facepalm ) xd, 
  ok so the life of a polar bear is more important ( for the sun ) than the lives of 3 humans . 
  britain 's getting better and better i see ... 
  on paper numbers might be higher in the uk for this last year indeed , but we 're also comparing a state within an economical zone and an independent country , a bit as if you were comparing california with britain and you would say that said member state has n't done well within its currency zone . 
  if you 're to look at a euro country , you ought to look at the whole ez too . 
  its size , its potential to bring stability and evenness ( which you wrongfully translate as an economic bridle ) , the difference of trade between ez members and non-ez-neigbours between themselves etc. 
  by building the ez , we knew we were n't going for a wild and flexible monetary trip like can be seen with the yen or the pound ( in positive as well as negative aspects ) , on the contrary , what has always been the main interest of it was stability and the fact that the stronger economies could support the less well-doing ones in times of need , till things even out ( by applying what the central bank is just applying now ) . 
  after all the euro has been around for only 15 years this year and has been quite satisfying for our markets in this regard . 
  again , a matter of scale . 
  if you draw a mean gdp ( ppp ) growth on 4 years the uk 's around 2 % , germany around 2,6 % and france around 0.8 % ... one single year is n't everything ( remember a few years ago the uk was that http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/nov/18/britain-germany-economies-eurozone-crisis ) . 
  so i think it 's a little preposterous to burry france and germany behind a momentanous rebounce of uk 's growth when in fact , they have been growing more steadily and at a higher rate over the years . 
  it just depends on the scale you 're looking at . 
  only 7 likes xd xd says it all, 
  that 's the rafale  lol, 
  yeah , the same group that finances https://qwant.com , a search engine ... with no ads , haha the irony . 
  then they should also block cookie blockers like ghostery , coz if you allow pop ups but block these sneakers then no add will show up anyway and they 'll be off their money . 
  lol ... the eurofighter was a pride-mistake from the uk , germany , spain and italy , just because they did n't want dassault to take lead alone for a european fighter and did n't want main parts to be made and assembled in france . 
  the result is that the rafale is one of the best planes worldwide on the market while they 're stuck with stocks of eurofighters orders xd lol hopefully we 're still there to develop the next generation of uav european fighters , neuron , and launch quality defense and space techs for the eu with full support from our neighbours ... while said countries are still wondering how time and money have literally flown by in ridiculous defense projects . 
  the irony is strong with this one . 
  and fudge is why it 's gon na say bye bye to the core of the eu project . 
  please say goodbye before you break your neighbours ' house . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10797036/uk-should-get-out-of-the-eu-says-former-french-pm.html http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/9769458/jacques-delors-britain-could-leave-the-european-union.html, 
  still a bigger growth than uk ... and france is securing its way to a 1,5 % growth for 2016 , probably around 2 % in 2017 . 
  the ez may have flaws , but it has proven way more stable and tougher than many over-channel commentators would 've liked to see it . 
  besides , it will only grow , in members and gdp . 
  i was thinking the opposite  ez needs to break free from vetoing eu states on further integration . 
  besides , ez money and eu pot are 2 separate things , hopefully , ( except for exceptional and general eu plans which are beyond the ez ) so technically non-eu members do n't pay for ez members on a monthly basis ... 
  but yeah , same result , we need one more political layer . 
  you 're taking the problem the wrong way around ... these countries voted to join ez , some of them hid part of their debt or showed erroneous numbers to ez members and ecb , now they must get to levels with northern counterparts and bring down corruption and tax evasion levels to regular standards . 
  the euro is obliging them to a more ` long term ' approach than they did before ... 
  with `` bionic '' economical leg provided by ez ... the support the central bank represents is worth more than the unrest it brings these southern economies , who would otherwise continue in their overindebted dreams . 
  ireland and portugal are on the way to being saved by a little bit of central ez bank austerity ... greece has not applied measures yet and has so many problems it 's going to take much longer . 
  france is applying very faint austerity measures in some areas ( like getting back over 2,5 billion $ from tax evasion in 2015-2016 ) , but increasing public spending in others , hence having a more neutral curve than its neighbours , in positive or negative values , on economical graphs . 
  we 'll just have to create another layer of political union : one for the ez , as political and economical differences enlarge between ez members and other eu members . 
  there is inequality within the ez , but pulled by germany and france it is reshaping to 2008 levels globally ( some areas of development like digital services replacing others like manufacturing and primary resources growth ) http://www.netcomposites.com/news/2010-european-market-almost-recovered-to-2008-levels/6327 http://www.euromoney.com/article/3306872/european-banking-risk-falls-by-half-to-spring-2008-levelshec-lausanne-study.html ireland http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/economy-is-on-course-to-reach-precrisis-peak-31063038.html public deficits are largely at 2008 levels across ez , as well as other indicators that are 2008 levels . 
  even , for some , at 2007 levels . 
  the eurozone , on the other hand , got through nonetheless , and whatever it had lost during these 7 years has now gotten back in terms of growth and value indexes, 
  did you try buying the same product from germany ? ... coz if precision 's not the thing in france , then emotions are n't the thing in germany , organisation 's not the thing in italy and taste 's not the thing in britain , if you 're going on that path ... 
  do you know ? 
  http://www.epitech.eu/ http://www.esgi.fr/ecole-formation-informatique-design-paris.html and http://www.42.fr/, 
  it is a symbol ... more than anything else ... but europe was built with symbols and it is the knowledge of the meaning of these symbols that make us europeans and good neighbours . 
  if this goes , then what stays of the original project of the founding fathers apart from a compulsory economical area ? 
  seems you 've forgot berlin would get atomised before any neo-nazi government would touch a brick of strasbourg  times have changed, 
  ok , if you insist  i 'd like it to leave the eu . 
  and i do n't take away any of these previous sentences . 
  but what i just meant by nuancing it in my last comment is that it will depend on the uk in 2017-2018 , which might be a little different from the current uk ... 
  i do n't exactly want the uk to leave . 
  but the uk leaves no choice to eurozone members but to get further away from it as it never shared the same goals and vision , from the beginning . 
  it will be a quite natural move that eurozone members get ever closer and that , if current political trends continue ( they will not indefinitely ) , the uk leaves the eu . 
  it would be quite disrespectful to ask the british to comply to something they never wanted and joined on a misunderstanding of the union 's project !, 
  this is how things have appeared till now and i ca n't see them change a lot in the next 20 years , with the kind of party leaders it is producing now . 
  indeed ... and mostly by the same people ... 
  an `` article '' was just published today on r/europe about it ... 
  for the same reason british redditors are complaining about french universities being overcrowded ... 
  nope sir . 
  you 're mixing reforming and the mere application of an eu decree ... just imagine for a second that britain had been a founding member and that the parliament had been established in london . 
  then a few years later , because of functionality , its members were de facto working in brussels . 
  well if then britain asked for it to be based solely in london as agreed ... 
  i 'm sure now that would n't be perceived as nationalism and the original eu texts would be respected ... hm ? 
  back to school ... 
  yes , but on the realistic side , these redditors are not going to get cleverer ( nor shut up ) because of google and cnes ' researches ... xd, 
  yeah we 're talking about giving the internet to 2/3 of the world 's population here , thanks to french public research and businesses together with american investments and businesses ... and all r/europe is about is its own little 1million migrants thinggy of the year and who 's got the lowest trade deficit , and all of these useless posts ( i noticed countless times ) fueled by a few british redditors who think they 've got it all figured with something they did n't even build nor understand themselves ... pathetic, 
  hm ... probably the greatest project news on this page today and not a single comment . 
  xd would it be because none of it happens in the uk by any chance ? 
  let 's be honest , if this was ukspace agency working on the project , this post would 've had about 200 likes and 200 comments . 
  dare say i 'm wrong . 
  by the way , funny how british news tend to have it ( or present it ) the wrong way around ? 
  when it 's strasbourg the primary and legal seat and brussel 's the secondary seat , they present strasbourg as a secondary seat for the eu parliament , just good at being ` scrapped ' for brussels ' ... and at the same time presenting france , which here is in its full rights , as the bad guy vetoing all it can . 
  enough of that uk . 
  quote from daily mail ( 2013 ) as reddit would n't let me post a link to the article : `` european parliament to end its 200-million-euro ` travelling circus ' by scrapping second hq in strasbourg and make brussels its permanent home european parliament have a four-day session once a month in strasbourg monthly move costs between 150 and 200 million euros every year by sara malm published : 15:20 , 20 november 2013 | updated : 15:44 , 20 november 2013 77 view comments the european parliament is set to scrap its second headquarters in strasbourg in order to stop the monthly ` travelling circus ' between france and brussels . 
  the move , warranted by the four-day sessions in strasbourg every month costs 200 million euros a year . 
  with continent-wide recessions and economic struggle , eu leaders are looking to put and end to the vast cost of having two parliamentary bases and use brussels , the eu 's main seat , as the sole headquarters . 
  the european parliament is set to scrap its second headquarters in strasbourg , pictured , in order to save up to 215 million euros per year in travel an maintenance the move would not only save hundreds of millions in travel but also an additional 12 million spent on maintenance for the strasbourg building which is empty for 300 days of the year . 
  however france is expected to veto the decision when it is taken before national leaders in an attempt to maintain its position as a ` founding state ' . 
  as it stands , eu law says that the parliament , the only elected body among the eu 's institutions and one of increasing clout , must have a four-day session once a month in strasbourg . 
  that entails 766 members and their staff moving 430 kilometres ( 270 miles ) from belgium to the eastern french city , which is actually closer to munich than to brussels . 
  reams of parliamentary documents must also be shifted and a large number of reporters and lobbyists also have to tag along . 
  the monthly move is estimated to cost between 156 million and 204 million euros ( $ 275 million ) a year , but also has an environmental impact that green meps and many others find unacceptable at a time of heightened climate awareness . 
  roughly 2,400 parliament staff also work in luxembourg . 
  since the european union 's lisbon treaty came into force in 2009 - giving the european parliament new powers - a growing number of meps have campaigned against the costly set-up , with the most vocal opponent britain 's edward mcmillan-scott . 
  ` over 75 percent of lawmakers want to end the costly and inefficient monthly , four-day trek to strasbourg from our home in the political capital of the european union , ' said mcmillan-scott , a british liberal democrat . 
  france , however , has defended its right to host the assembly and all the business it brings . 
  in the latest of several rulings in france 's favour , the european court of justice last year annulled a european parliament decision to reduce the number of sessions in strasbourg , saying it is for eu governments to decide changes . 
  eu governments must all agree on granting a single seat to the parliament , effectively giving france a veto on any campaign seeking to put an end to the two-seat arrangement . 
  lawmakers still hope to garner enough public support to eventually pressure france to give in , building on a 2006 petition that was endorsed by more than 1 million eu citizens . 
  eu lawmakers argue the parliament has undergone a transformation since it was created as an assembly in 1952 , moving from a consultative body without the power to propose legislation to a house representing a 28-nation bloc of 500 million and co-legislating with governments . 
  ` the travelling circus between difference workplaces leads to unjustifiable costs and environmental damage that can no longer be explained to the public , ' germany 's social democrats ( spd ) said in a statement . '', 
  by the way , funny how british news tend to have it ( or present it ) the wrong way around ?
