haha  nice ; not sure that counts, 
  hope paris will show the lead for other cities ( i 'm thinking specially in western europe , india , china and the us ... ), 
  a french national myself and knowing a bit on the french society , i can say i do n't recognise france in the description that is made by this oxford library worm ... 
  the society in france , as for everywhere else , has evolved ( hopefully ) into a digital nation where not only do we secure and pass on the traditions and knowledge discussed in the article , but also create new sociological and political trends . 
  it 's not because our philosophical tradition is not appearing as it was in the 20th century that it 's fading away or something xd true , higher education is under funded , true we have n't yet attained our social ideal as a nation and probably never will , true immigration ( assimilation ) is still a wonderful challenge , and yes we produce more technocrats than other european nations . 
  but these are recurrent issues ( or advantages ) in french ( and european/world ) history and i do n't know of a country that 's totally satisfied with its education programs and funding either . 
  i could cite here 100 reasons why france is on the verge of becoming a new international leader in many fields ( maybe not sociology ... ) and i find this kind of scrambling article not helpful at all , in addition to being somewhat poorly documented . 
  that 's weird , by looking at the actual list , i only see north american , asian and bp industries in the top 10 worst offenders ... someone explain why these french groups ( ranked quite middle-to-low in that list of worst companies ) are actually pointed at ? 
  i do n't recall the french gov criticizing other eu or schengen govs that started checking their borders ... it is theoretically illegal to completely shut schengen 's external or internal borders ( like hungary is doing ) and that needs to be attended quickly ( and that was always criticized by the french gov ) . 
  but , no , france never criticized limited control of another eu member 's borders in such circumstances ( like germany or austria are doing for example ) . 
  people like you have to stop mixing things up where , in fact , they are n't even aware of their own country 's rules on the subject . 
  we do n't close our borders , that is illegal and against the values we defend ... please read the schengen treatise . 
  or my comment below . 
  the point is n't about dm being crappy or not . 
  it 's more about google not ranking dm 's results where they should be ( if at all ) or using its technologies to put its subsidiary youtube in an unfairly competitive position ... that 's called unfair competition , it 's made at the consumer 's expense and is reprehensible by european and us laws ... 
  france ( like its neighbours ) is acting within schengen . 
  article 9 of the schengen treatise stipulates that unauthorised entry of persons shall call for schengen countries ' collaboration , which is just what is happening . 
  art. 9 `` the parties shall reinforce cooperation between their customs and police authorities , notably in combating crime , particularly illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs and arms , the unauthorised entry and residence of persons , customs and tax fraud and smuggling . 
  to that end and in accordance with their national laws , the parties shall endeavour to improve the exchange of information and to reinforce that exchange where information which could be useful to the other parties in combating crime is concerned . '', 
  now , we have to understand here that a lot of these `` refugees '' are not only war refugees , but economical refugees . 
  they do n't just seek peace , or they would 've stayed in their first country of arrival within the eu or schengen ... what most of these people want is also a job in a stable economy , hence making them economic migrants . 
  this falls under other laws and this is precisely why controls are being temporarily made in france , germany , austria etc. 
  crossing a country 's border because your own country is in flames is totally fine and encouraged by all western european nations . 
  coming there just because you wish to have a better life is not a sufficient reason to come illegally ( without working/resident visa etc ) and can lead to the host country 's economic and social destabilisation . 
  source : http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/html/?uri=celex:42000a0922%2801%29&amp;from=en, 
  you meant the countries with higher taxes that give free education . . not the ones that have lower taxes but impossible education fees , right ? 
  france has an expatriation level that 's inferior to its european neighbours such as the uk and germany ... 
  i guess young french workers/students less see the point of moving around or do find jobs nation wide ... 
  yup the whole goal of french authorities hacking stuff ( a bit like in the us ) is to strengthen the web of things and particularly wireless security ... it 's no point having a world where everybody ` could ' actually hack anybody/anything/anytime . 
  learn that asterix does n't die ... when he feels tired , he just drinks some magic potion and go get some romans xd, 
  ah ... these baltic , french , german and flemish terrorists who want to impose democracy , universal suffrage and secular education to islamic countries xd xd they should all be jailed and thrown to the dogs , with the help of allah the merciful ( bbhn ) :d :d, 
  sudden anger of a popular kuwaiti daily against those who denounce the european racism against muslims even though they practice against foreigners in their own country . 
  europe is sometimes called the old continent , but it is the mother of modern civilization , the center of world culture and the embodiment of the international conscience . 
  europe , especially western europe , humanist plays the role that made his reputation and fight underdevelopment by opening his arms wide to the needy , the abused and persecuted by dictators opponents . 
  when it defends its identity and way of life , we do not have the right to offend us . 
  it only defend democracy and individual freedoms against religious thought , that of islamism . 
  we must be objective to understand the angry reactions of europeans to the `` human and cultural assault '' muslims represent . 
  after one or two generations the world , and the arab world first , regret europe as it had been before . 
  it has been transformed by the muslim immigration effect . 
  so europeans are right to worry . 
  let 's get to their place : in the gulf countries , do not we worry about the influence of asian immigrants in our own lifestyles ? 
  muslim ghettos proliferate around the major european cities , the veil it is commonplace , the niqab are progressing day by day and the mosques are attracting more people than churches . 
  there would forty-five million muslims in europe , which would not be so serious if they really wanted to integrate . 
  but many agree with the principle of the islamist attacks , honor killings are common and women are often treated by their families as if they were still in their home country . 
  it 's frightening to see that those who fled political dictatorships , military or religious would turn europe into something resembling what they were trying to escape . 
  we write this simply to speak out against victimization that accompanies defending the right of muslims to live according to their beliefs . 
  this is all the more unacceptable than ourselves , in our own countries , we refuse to all minorities , including the europeans , to simply breathe and never stop trying to impose our choices . 
  ahmed al-sarraf, 
  do n't worry , either 1/brits are too damn fool to leave or 2 / they do n't have the balls to leave or , the more sadistic option 3 / they so want to cross the french that they 'll do anything to stay an eu member and veto every continental move ... ( oh , wait ... )  either ways you 'll be safe in france . 
  we 're technically a peninsula of the asian supercontinent ... so sharing the same land as islamabad , dubai , shanghai and vladivostok  but yeah , old paris , marseille and amsterdam are cooler than all that !, 
  and i would n't be surprised if french gov did that a little on purpose , you know , just to remind/expose who 's got no care for human rights xd, 
  lol man that 's in the same direction ... 180 \u00b0 would be walking away xd hence every one 's confusion here . 
  i 've read the kuran so i can tell you everything isis does is in that book ... but some will still tell you it has nothing to do with it . 
  we have a saying in france : `` who loves well punishes well '' , 
  it happens to be just the opposite in france at the moment . 
  the socialist government has augmented taxes on the richest part of the population and have lightened about 30 % of the population 's taxes ( low and middle range salaries below 40k/year have seen revenue taxes decrease ) . 
  on the other hand , the fr gov is getting back 5billion $ in 3 years through taxation of evaded funds ... 
  so as you can see , the situation , political , mediatic and the public opinion are not even similar in france and in the uk . 
  it actually always tends to be the opposite : when the uk regardlessly welcomes big internet companies for business , france pursue them in court and creates its own it companies instead . 
  while the uk has a no-go stance at international conflicts , france steps out and takes terrain action ( and vice versa when france had a no-go stance a few years ago ) . 
  while the uk pulls for a weaker eu membership , france pushes eurozone and eu members integration always further . 
  while the uk population accepts that its gov spy with the most powerful data collection programs , the french refuse more public cameras being implemented in cities and criticise the only move fr gov has made in decades for further national cyber protection . 
  the only area in which these 2 countries seem to collaborate actively and officially is some military projects , as they are the 2 potently armed arms of the eu . 
  i can perfectly imagime eu without britain ... you know , like it was before 1973 ... nicely building up in a calm multilateral talks atmosphere between people who share the same end-goal . 
  not so hard . 
  may i remind you that the debate about pork/no pork in french schools is linked to the greater debate about secularism and how it should be applied in detail and notably in the ` school of the republic ' , nation wide ... 
  so actually something that might be usefull to other european countries in a few years , when they become secular nations in turn . 
  i do n't think the french have any advise to receive in terms of secularism from a taxpayer whose money still goes into funding ` homeopathic hospitals ' and churches of all superstitions . 
  please know your subject better next time  because , indeed , comparing the uk with france is quite unfair for the uk ... 
  ow you mean the kind of debate that would make people think ` pack lunch ' would be banned in schools ? 
  xd yeah let 's talk about british food habits and british schools lunch options for a change rofl http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/9860537/schools-should-ban-unhealthy-packed-lunches.html http://schoolfoodplan.tumblr.com/post/55258841923/thanks-for-all-your-tweets-weve-been-reading, 
  lol , do you really want to go on that argumentation ? 
  because that 's what i see from here : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/mps-criticise-home-office-delays-as-10000-asylum-seekers-are-left-in-limbo-9824344.html https://www.opendemocracy.net/ourkingdom/roland-schilling/your-asylum-procedure-is-too-fast-and-not-fair-unhcr-tells-uk-government http://www.sunderland.ac.uk/newsevents/news/news/index.php?nid=2568 believe me , your national press is evading most of the international criticism on british politics ... 
  that 's what you think , but actually it 's just a vernacular mix of french , latin and german  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_english_words_of_french_origin haha i would n't go on this path if i were you . 
  your last point is precisely my point . 
  these syrians many britons do n't want in their country have the right to seek asylum in your country . 
  and you have a duty to welcome them ... that 's just why the uk is being so criticised over almost not taking anyone in ( 2000 to 8000 selected people , yeah great ) . 
  there are currently hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers , not economic migrants , waiting to be welcomed . 
  and the uk pushes them back all it can for no other reason than political populism , because educating people is more expensive than throwing in 10m to build a fence . 
  besides , no other eu member does impose border checks to other eu members , whether it is in schengen or not . 
  the eu should already be a zone of free travel and exchange for eu members , as it was always intended ... the uk does n't want that . 
  therefore i do n't see why the uk is even in the eu . 
  paying the membership is n't all it takes to enter the club , you have to share the vision to a minimum extent and on the fundamentals . 
  as simple as that . 
  being racist is making a different ( negative ) treatment to a particular race ... until now , i do n't recall the uk representing only 1 human race . 
  britain is probably one of the countries in the world that has citizens from a widest range of racial origins . 
  so , 1 / i do n't see how i could be racist towards a nationality . 
  2 / being fairly white myself , i do n't see either how i could sound racist to `` white people '' . 
  so no , i 'm not being racist with anyone here . 
  i 'm reacting as a eurozone-european to people within an eu state , that do everything they can to make my country 's and my country 's immediate neighbours ' european project fail . 
  there might be a reason for so much hatred towards a majority of britons ' attitude ( not the people , their attitude ) and , that is , that what a majority of british seem to think or at least express by vote , uk governments ' decisions and through press is not part of the european project . 
  the same way `` brussels '' does n't seem to be part of the uk government 's projects . 
  the frustration of many continentals including myself towards this population comes from the fact that the uk should never have entered the eu in the first place , as it does n't respect its fundamental vision of an ever closer union and sees it only as an opportunity to make more commerce . 
  and now it is here , vetoing here and there and cherry picking the bits it most likes over the union 's constitution and treaties like no other member does . 
  now , refusing people to enter uk 's soil , for the sole reason that they are black or arabic , that is racism , and that 's being applied widely in the uk , at a higher rate than other western european countries ... http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-27599401 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_the_united_kingdom now i wonder who 's racist in the whole story ... never ever say to a europeanist french he/she 's being racist . 
  coz we know what it is already and we know the ones who discriminate the most ... 
  ok then tell me how a moroccan or brazilian or us american staying in the uk for over 6 months with no job is less illegal than a syrian seeking political refuge in the uk ? 
  right , the syrians ' statutes are actually less illegal in this case ( asylum seekers ) than the american ones ... besides , if it were n't for the eu ( which apparently a lot of brits do n't want for themselves ) the uk would be a separate country with tighter border control with the continent and visit limitations for eu members in both ways . 
  so i as french would be illegal after a 3 months tourist stay in the uk , the same way the syrian is by trying to go there . 
  yes , yes , i can see that is all that matters to you brits .
