you 're right . 
  i totally forgot about that unbelievable bullshit . 
  protest ? 
  it looks like a riot , tbh . 
  https://www.periscope.tv/w/1jmkgyogpawjl maybe it started as protest , but by the 5:00 mark it looks like riot . 
  also , how many turks are on the street ? 
  wtf is going on ? 
  is this a regular occurrence in the netherlands ? 
  i 'm trying to picture a large scale riot consisting only of foreign nationals in the us , and i 'm having hard time thinking of a cause . 
  lol in my country 's case , it 's a coin toss . 
  i swear it looks like the people in power in france are doing everything in their power to elect the woman . 
  everything they do can benefit her run . 
  they are mr. magoo-ing her into being elected . 
  the banks will not give her money , therefore she 's an enemy of the banks . 
  the political insiders vote to take away her immunity in an obvious political move , showing that they are petty politicians , and that le pen is an enemy of petty political insiders . 
  no one likes political insiders anywhere on earth , unless they are political insiders themselves , or aspire to be . 
  hollande has single digit approval ratings , and he has declared that he is her enemy . 
  that will only help her . 
  it 's crazy . 
  i thought our democrats and our legacy media organizations were the dumbest idiots in today 's political environment , but it looks like i was wrong . 
  they got competition . 
  honestly ? 
  most americans do not think of europe at all . 
  i think it 's good that europeans are proud of their historical and cultural importance , but i also do not understand the competition you all seem to want to have with us . 
  i guess it 's because of our reach and influence , and how focused your media is on our political and social decisions . 
  to those of us who do think of europe , we think you 're pretty swell most of the time . 
  all this does is make her look like she is fighting against a unified system . 
  the banks ( elite withholding her campaign finance loan ) , the judiciary ( this charge ) , and the political insiders . 
  if the french people are upset about any one of the actions in the past by any one of those groups , they will now lump them all in together , because they are acting in lock step . 
  i think this will only help her . 
  am i losing my mind , or are you saying that stephan miller , the conservative jew from california is a nazi ? 
  are you talking about someone else ? 
  fucking hell , that is stupid . 
  our founding father john adams sure thought the boston tea party and the tar and featherings were barbaric . 
  i 'm not even sure why i find it difficult to listen to him sometimes . 
  he just rubs me the wrong way occasionally . 
  if it 's a topic and guest i love , i find it easier . 
  my fiance loves listening to him , and if i 'm in the right mindset i can listen and enjoy his podcast . 
  but he is very smart , very principled , and very consistent in his logic . 
  i have to admit , i try to avoid any of his political podcasts , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  i tried with / r/the _ donald after the berkeley riots , at least just reading what they have to say . 
  i came away confused tbh . 
  they speak their own language and i ca n't tell for sure if they 're serious or not . 
  i had them blocked since i opened this account . 
  i do n't get their obsession with donald trump as a person , but they 're just benign shit posters , not the nazis everyone on this site pretends they are . 
  even so , it 's just too tiresome . 
  i blocked them again because i just fucking ca n't with politics anymore . 
  / r/badphilosophy is considered a joke to many as well . 
  and as smug as he is , and as hard as it can be to listen to the man , i 'll take the opinions of david deutsche , douglas murray , gad saad , etc. 
  over an obscure subreddit . 
  actually , i take my own opinion of him , from the hours of listening to the consistency of his logic and philosophy , over a subreddit dedicated to feeling superior to others . 
  i first heard of murray after reading his [ standard response to a terrorist attack ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/03/a-terrorist-attack-has-happened-in-europe-let-the-standard-response-begin/ ) piece . 
  then i heard him on the sam harris podcast . 
  i always liked him , even though at the time i leaned further to the left than i do now . 
  after seeing this , i realize why i feel less and less comfortable to call myself a `` liberal '' or whatever the european equivalent is . 
  i was always turned off by the right , particularly here in the us , because of their religious overtones ; their irrational reliance on a set of beliefs that were unchangeable regardless of context or situation or new found information . 
  i consider myself too pragmatic , rightly or wrongly to be swayed by an argument like that . 
  but now it 's people like murray , and victor davis hanson who speak to me in pragmatic terms and the left who are , for lack of a better word , evangelical in their beliefs and torquemada-esque in their treatment of those who do not submit . 
  what a strange time we 're living in . 
  i 've been called a nazi not two days ago on here for arguing against starting a civil war in my country . 
  ironically , i 'm a jew . 
  this speech by murray is reasonable and well thought out . 
  too few authors or bloggers or whoever write or speak like he does . 
  the stock market is reacting to trumps election , and his actions in office . 
  thats pretty much undisputed . 
   you can go fuck yourself . 
  i did n't vote for the man , i do n't particularly like the man , but because i 'm saying he does n't look like he wants to destroy the eu , you tell me to go fuck myself . 
  it 's the nonstop vitriolic tantrums of the weak minded that gets to me the most . 
  nigel farrage , to my understanding , does not feel the eu is run particularly well , ( neither do i , tbh ) and wanted his nation to leave the union . 
  good . 
  that the decision was left up to the british people , and they have decided to leave is something i appreciate . 
  life will go on without the uk as a part of europe . 
  but , like my fellow democrats ( although truly , at this point i do n't feel comfortable calling myself one ) it seems like no staunch europhile is looking at what has happened and learning from it . 
  it seems to me to be about sovereignty , not destruction . 
  bannon is the chief strategist of the trump administration and is a nationalist but he no longer runs or has anything to do with breitbart ( supposedly ) . 
  he does not like the eu or any bureaucratic multinational organization . 
  his influence in the white house is still to be seen . 
  they seem to feel that bilateral trade agreements will benefit the us and her workers . 
  if that 's the case , splitting up the eu and making trade agreements with individual nations in the eu would allow us to make more favorable trade deals ; no individual nation can compete with the us . 
  i 'm american , so if that would actually benefit my nation a great deal , i guess i 'd welcome it . 
  still , i have not seen the evidence that that 's what he wants . 
  the euro is tied to the stability of the union , no ? 
  that was my thought process . 
  it 's been 5 days , what aggression ? 
  seriously . 
  what aggression ? 
  this is the united states of america , if we were aggressive , you 'd know instantly ; there would be no ifs , and , or buts to it . 
  the ambassador said he thinks there 's a chance the euro may fail , and he would short the currency if he was looking to make money . 
  he did n't say he * wants * the euro to fail . 
  from an objective pov the eu and the euro look unstable to me , particularly since brexit and what 's going on in france . 
  not to mention the unfortunate results from the migrant crisis has yet to manifest fully . 
  i think the eu has been led poorly , and populism is very much on the rise . 
  this spells trouble for the currency and the union . 
  trump has n't said he wants to pull out from nato , instead wants our nato allies to pay the agreed to amounts to allow us to save money . 
  it 's gross that i find myself defending the orange one , but our news orgs have been purposefully exaggerating and or removing context from statements made . 
  i forced myself to listen to spicers first press conference at work on monday just so i could compare what was said to what was reported . 
  it 's absurd . 
  well yeah . 
  8 years of hearing we are being led by a secret socialist muslim kenyan trying to destroy our republic helped me see that lol, 
  i often read this sub to get an idea of how our politics and how our actions are received and weighed by actual europeans .
