  free media , yaaay , but what about the freedom of opinion ? 
   would you support if ukip started a list where they tell about hungarian crimes commited in the uk ? 
  why the fuck not ?? 
  people have the right to know that . 
   the government did n't renew their contracts with the mobile company . 
  i do n't support our government , i 've never voted for them , but consider this : the company expressed their opinion about that certain ideology through action , the government did exactly the same . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  why is one better than the other ? 
  if you do n't judge the action , why would you judge the reaction ? 
  the press that can not write down the ethnicity or religion of criminals , in fear of being called racist or intolerant , is not free . 
  if a public figure ca n't express their opinion , if it differs from the generally accepted , because a public campaign starts immediately to figuratively lynch them also limits freedom . 
  just an example : there is a singer in hungary , \u00c1kos kov\u00e1cs . 
  he 's quite popular , his concerts are big , everybody is familiar with his name . 
  there was a very long interview with him , and he previously avoided expressing any political and ideological opinion . 
  in this interview , he did . 
  he did say that he believes in the classic family-modell , and that the most wonderful thing a woman can do , is to give birth to and raise a child , and that 's why he thinks this is the most important thing in a woman 's life . 
  it was a humble statement , a person 's opinion as an individual , also only a small part of a very long conversation . 
  they took this part out of context , and so the interview started a media outrage , they wanted his head , his biggest sponsor backed off , stating that they can not support him because of his views , a few websites organised protests on facebook , and they also boycotted his concerts after that . 
  they were far from representing the general public , but nonetheless , he lost his sponsorship , and from now on , he simply does n't get any mediacoverage whatsoever . 
  all because of that interview . 
  his music stayed the same , and he 's the same person he was 20 years ago . 
  they just did n't associate with his views . 
  i , personally , do n't call this the freedom of opinion . 
  also do not forget : alvin \u00e9s a m\u00f3kusok ( alvin and the chipmunks ) , the heroes of my teens . 
  [ 21 m\u00faltam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvtrrfrrf2u ) ( i just turned 21 ), 
   the question is how to take these fears away . 
  this is what we have to find the answer for . 
  and visible security also raises some concerns . 
  ( `` oh god , they have the subway guarded by soldiers with machine guns also , we are in some deep shit now . '', 
  - part of a conversation overheard by me in budapest right after the bruxelles terrorist attack . ), 
  you assume a lot of things . 
  it was n't my intention to defend/promote any right wing populist movement , since neither of them are representing my views , even though i agree with them on some topics . 
  i just wanted to give you an insight about why right wing populism is gaining strength . 
   the left has a big problem with how they treat conservative muslims who themselves have sexist views for example . 
  that 's the thing i was talking about . 
  the far right does n't promoted intolerance in the the first place . 
  intolerance was the natural reaction of the people to currently unfolding events , and since the left is trying to mask/bagatelize the problems , or does n't even seem to care , at all , it led to the rise of the right wing . 
  it was n't promoted in any single way . 
  people just value security , above all , and i do n't judge anyone not giving a single shit about some migrant 's wellbeing when they fear for their children . 
  take me for granted : if the threat the people fear would disappear all of a sudden , the far right would lose its popularity in a fortnight . 
   first , being blown up by a terrorist is not statistically likely to happen to you , i mentioned before , it came out wrong . 
  i was just saying the terrorist would be most likely a muslim . 
  but nonetheless , yes it 's much more likely also to be stomped to death by a cow than getting eaten by a shark , but you would be much more scared of a fin coming towards you in the sea , than the sound of a cowbell , would n't you ? 
   are right-wing marches and protests also intolerable ? 
  no , i would n't call them tolerable . 
  and again , i do n't want to protect them . 
   and , because religion promotes dogmatic thinking that disallows any criticism or skepticism . 
  you assume things . 
  even the churches left the dark ages behind them , it is time to aknowledge this . 
   but have a look at how right-wing parties love the idea of blocking websites , i did n't write down everything in the last response , yes , in fact , it also concerns me . 
  i like the idea of the freedom of thought , and the freedom of press is just as important . 
  i just wanted to point out , that restricting the freedom of opinion is not exclusively present among the right wing . 
   every right wing group i have seen is `` skeptical '' many of them is , but not all of them . 
  i care a lot about the environment , but i do n't think the european politics has a great impact on climate change . 
  not until the us and china joins to some international agreements . 
   i currently think though that it has more benefits than drawbacks . 
  i 'm glad we are agreeing in some things , 
  you are absolutely right , it came out wrong . 
  i refered to the terrorist being the most likely a muslim . 
  to begin with , i 'm a really conservative individual , and i do not represent my nation 's standpoint as whole . 
  almost all topics you mentioned is at least debatable . 
  i really do n't want to go political on this sub , but if you think certain things are morally and ethically good , that does n't automatically mean that you are right . 
  the fact , that you are concerned about people with different opinion than yours getting power * democratically * , means to me you are not willing to understand , let alone simply aknowledge , why they think what they think . 
  and this is the main problem . 
  the mainstream media went so far from representing the actual majority of people , that reading it gives you a false picture of the actual mentality of the general public . 
  the `` radical right '' presented to you by the media is usually just a bunch of conservative , everyday people , who work really hard in a shitty job , and are scared of being blown up/ran over by ( statistically it is the most possible , inbefore i 'm called a racist ) a muslim terrorist . 
  they are silent , but they fear . 
  and the media just tells them not to worry , everything is fine , but they have lost faith in the media . 
  they turn to the only thing that possibly able to save them from these risks , and it is the far right . 
  and what do the media and the left do ? 
  they call these people a bigot , a racist , and tell them they are bad people , instead of trying to understand them . 
  this is why the right wing is strong . 
  the leftist elite is preaching from it 's ivory tower , and does n't even try to get in touch with the actual people . 
  edit : i forgot to react on the actual points you brought up . 
  1 ) i see why is this an issue , but society is really hard to change . 
  i think the pride marches and pro-gay protests have a bad message . 
  do n't behave intolerable , if you want to be tolerated , imo . 
  2 ) why is this a problem ? 
  first of all , i utterly despise any form of religious extremism , but until that extent , i think it 's completely fine and healthy . 
  it serves as a moral guideline for anyone , let it be muslim , or buddhist , or christian , so if a country wants to declare a state religion , it 's more than fine by me . 
  not like they are reinstalling the inquisition , or anything . 
  3 ) this is the most interesting one . 
  free media means that you can write literally everything . 
  is this the case in the west ? 
  can every journalist write whatever they feel like , or do they have to fear from being fired from their job if they express their true thoughts about certain topics ? 
  in the west , being pc is the single most important thing , even more important than informing the public with relevant information . 
  hence i ask the question : do you not consider this censorship , just because you agree with the mainstream opinion ? 
  because i think being humiliated and figuratively torn apart just for expressing an unpopular opinion is in fact , censorship . 
  4 ) i have no opinion on that . 
  i think it 's the family duty to teach manners , morals and ethics to a child , if the state wants to take part in this , let it be . 
  the parents will always have a larger impact on their children in a family in general . 
  5 ) this is n't really an issue where i live . 
  it just does n't have priority , but we are constantly upgrading our infrastructure , and we even sell our co2-quota . 
  6 ) we are highly dependent on the eu right now , but being a member has its bad sides . 
  i 'm neutral on this point , and not really concerned of countries leaving the union . 
  actually , surprisingly good imo , but the situation was much-much better in the ' 00s , and even better before . 
  the legends are slowly dying out , which is sad , but we really ca n't complain . 
  right now , we have a dedicated stand-up comedy tv show , which is a great success , the performances are rather good , and every once in a while , there is a straight up gem performance , which makes its way to the internet , and the whole country rofls on it for months . 
  this is also a great way for young talents to step into the entertaining business . 
  the most successful comedians are recognised on the streets , many puns/jokes/stories make it to the general everyday speech .
