  out of the tv , it 's also pretty good , comedy nights , funny theatre plays are really common , sadly , only in the capital . 
  all in all , there is a ton of shit going on in the country - but at least we can laugh about it . 
  a lot . 
  it mainly depends on how emotional the family is i think . 
  ours is a big , loud , passionate , emotional one , kisses and hugs everywhere , when we greet each other , or even for no reason , but on the other side , arguing is also frequent , loud , and is over after a short time . 
  my ex ' family however , was really silent , they never had a meal together , they greeted each other with a `` hello '' only , no kisses or hugs whatsoever , to the point that i 've never see any of them hug each other , and we dated for 5 years . 
  my ex said it was like that since she can remember . 
  it varies , both are considered normal here . 
  i thought for a moment that i 'm on [ / r/hearthstone ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/hearthstone ) . 
  interestingly enough , here it 's rather accepted to dislike a country and its people than a certain ethnicity . 
  no one bats an eye , if you say `` i do n't like people from < insert random country  '' ( just ask you why , at max ) , but if you mention that you `` do n't like africans/slavs/gypsies / jews/arabs/etc . 
  '' , people can likely go apeshit ( mainly those who tend to be leftists according to political views , but not necessarily ) . 
  here , the gypsy topic is a narrow line . 
  if you do n't like them , the liberals will immediately call you a backward , bigotted racist , but generally , people will accept your opinion . 
  in the press though , even the term `` gypsy '' is tried to be avoided , it 's more pc to call them `` roma '' . 
  it 's a bit ridiculus , there are even jokes about how should we call them , there are many-many funny names inveted to refer them , the list goes from `` afro-hungarian '' to `` genetically hyperpigmented '' . 
  i absolutely love it . 
  on contrary , i was 21 when i first encountered a banana opening like this . 
  my mind was absolutely blown . 
  this was a miserable 100 years ( for us ) . 
  it began with the country being torn apart , partly recovering , getting destroyed entirely , communist rule , a failed revolution , communists again , a small relief in the beginning of the '90s , then the hopes have started to fade , and we are submerging into crippling nationwide depression again . 
  i would say , around 1990-91-92 , maybe . 
  whole europe was in eufory about the the iron curtain 's fall , we were filled with hope , it was a new beginning after all . 
  i do n't want to be mistaken , me too , a lot actually . 
  that 5 generations did n't trace themselves back , there is already some work in it on my behalf ( i want to actually continue , just do n't have the time/money for it ) . 
  i just wanted to point out , that genealogy , as the americans know it , with dna-tests and stuff gets you way less information as a european than sitting in an old archive , reading birth and marriage certificates , and lawsuit records . 
  not really . 
  basically there is no need for it . 
  i can trace my ancestry back to 5 generations . 
  each one of my ancestors were born within approx . 
  60 km range of my hometown , and 90 % of my friends are just like that . 
  some are n't , but they are late descendants of noble families , thus their ancestry is quite well documented ( mainly because of the ww2 anti-semitic laws . ), 
  i remember a film about them , starring jean reno . 
  i do n't usually like french films , but this one was hilarious to watch as a teenager . 
  i always thought it was based on stereotypes , they really blew things up and stuff ? 
  it was really popular in the 20th century , but it 's losing popularity really fast . 
  it sounds a bit archaic , parents are trying to give names to girls which are more `` hip '' . 
  nice . 
  i always thought your crown is badass . 
  i would somehow present the holy crown on it . 
  we are a republic ( and were a people 's republic before ) , so people nowadays tend to forget its importance . 
  it 's even a legit legal entity , according to the constitution . 
  it should really appear on the flag imo . 
  man , i feel dumb . 
  i was n't even thinking about private saunas , they are extremely rare here . 
  well , this explains a lot . 
  god , it must be really cool inviting your friends over for a sauna . 
  anyway , i ca n't think about any public place i visited so far ( even larger hotels ) , that has gender-separated saunas , that 's why it 's interesting to me . 
  yeah , i knew saunas are a cultural thing for you , i just did n't know that there are separate saunas for males and females . 
  not like it 's weird , i just did n't know that these traditions are alive . 
  here they are n't separated , i guess not many people are using them anyways . 
   people stop asking when you 've been abstinent long enough this is kind of obvious , if it is a habit of a long-time friend or if it has some medical reasons , no one even mentions it . 
  i 'm talking about new acquaintances and general socializing . 
   single-sex saunas this is a thing ? 
  til . 
  it 's not really an issue , but drinking together is basically part of socializing . 
  being abstinent will * constantly * get you guestioned and joked with while socializing . 
  it even applies to girls to some extent . 
  literally me . 
  this might be true in the eastern block as whole . 
  my grandpa once ( semi-seriously ) tried to call the priest when my grandma said she do n't want wine after lunch . 
  he actually thought she might be sick . 
  man , you sure use the word `` dick '' a lot . 
  this . 
  i choked on my drink reading it . 
  i do n't think vona himself was ever a neo-nazi , he 's radical that 's true , but he always avoided being labeled as anti-semitic , or anything compromitting . 
  and he is a really charismatic leader , i do n't think anyone would question his decisions from inside - so what he says , is what the party says . 
  however , i too feel a little hypocracy in his recent chanuka-message for example , i give you that . 
  i would also add , that the jewish guy himself made a few antisemitic statements ( which truly contributes to the hillarity of the situation ) , and the official reason of his leaving was that he tried to bribe the guy who confronted him with the evidences of him being jewish . 
  back then ( in 2011 i believe ) you could 've probably stated that they were in fact a neo-nazi party , but i think that this is no longer the case . 
  15-16 maybe , at average . 
  the age of consent is 14 by the way ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  saving the thread for later :d, 
  see the movie son of saul , won the oscars last year !, 
  * ( proud ) * we only have jews in the big cities , they are there for a few centuries now , so no one bats an eye about them . 
  in the rural regions where the far-right is stronger , are some who are straight-up antisemitic , but it 's usually just because they never even seen a jewish person ever , let alone know one personally . 
  hence , the atrocities are basically non-existent . 
  there are always some far-right activists making fuss online , but nothing serious really . 
  hungary begs to differ . 
  we are living in a constant economic crisis due to corruption . 
  the government have a rock solid position because of how they handled the migrant crisis , so they can do literally whatever they want . 
  they are giving every business opportunity and eu-fund to a small circle of buddies , like the prime minister 's son in law , or former gas-fitter ( ! ), 
  ( or whatever it 's called , i could n't find the proper term ) , etc. 
  so entrepreneurs have a pretty hard time , and many businesses go bankrupt . 
  the rural regions are dying , because people ca n't find jobs for their skills . 
  those who have a little money , are moving to austria/germany/uk , to find job and/or better salary , so we now lack programmers , doctors , nurses , engineers , scientists . 
  and this does n't only apply to people with higher education , cooks , waiters , carpenters are also leaving the country . 
  meanwhile the education is in crisis , the birthrates and marriages are at an all-time low , but the government propaganda states that we are doing better than ever . 
  all in all , with the exception of the capital , the whole country is in major shit , and we are almost too late to do anything . 
  next year there will be elections , but it 's really hard to be hopeful in such times . 
  someone please help us . 
  no , i think the danish guy is right . 
  ofc , there are still many all-out neo-nazis in the party , but they have a far wider agenda now , so i do n't think it 's correct any more to label them as neo-nazis . 
  in modern times , the biggest scandal was [ \u0150sz\u00f6d speech ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%90sz%c3%b6d_speech ) by our late prime minister . 
  it almost started a revolution . 
  the scariest part was , when after the record of the speech went public , and the [ riots ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2006_protests_in_hungary ) started , someone started the old t-34 tank from in front of the national museum , and stole it . 
  noone would 've thought it could still move . 
  the dreyfus affair is really big , even we learn about that in history class . 
  as of hungary , it always comes down to literally hundred thousands of hungarians living in the neighbouring countries . 
  serbs as a people are even more temperamental than the other people of the neighboring countries , so the amount of hatecrimes against the hungarian minority is high .
