  [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/paks_nuclear_power_plant ) is the wiki article btw . 
  well , we lack both the money , and the proper technology/knowledge . 
  we are a really small country , with only one old nuclear plant , built by the soviets under the cold war . 
  it 's kinda small , but still , it provides over 30 % of our energy usage . 
  so after we complete the new reactors , we probably wo n't need to build one ever again , thus , it 's worth to delegate the job . 
  currently planning to build more reactors for our nuclear plant . 
  a large portion of the country does n't fancy it ( mainly because the russians will build it ) , but i think it will be great . 
  montana , i would love it there . 
  usually , i do , because people immediately jump to conclusions . 
  i swear i am usually more tolerant towards different political views than leftists ( at least i listen ro them , and try to understand them , while i do n't even get ro defend my opinion most of the time ) . 
  salg\u00f3tarj\u00e1n and \u00d3zd , both are old exindustrial cites in the northern part of the country . 
  their siginficance vanished with communism , and now they are drowning in poverty , unemployment and gypsies . 
  fuck - austria marry - poland kill - prolly romania , but there are many contenders, 
  it 's [ big ] ( https://www.geocaching.hu/cacheimages/2009-12/3048_20091201_195136.jpg ) . 
  has a huge ass cloister in the back also . 
  basically a cheap beach resort , which is a lot like serbia . 
  also great waterpolo team !, 
  budapest is sometimes called judapest . 
  at least 10 % of my aquintances from the city has jewish roots ( a grandparent , or greatgrandparent here and there ) . 
  we also have one of the biggest synagogue in europe . 
  in rural hungary , they are basically extinct tho . 
  salt and homemade mayonnaise, 
  our `` origin story '' is about 2 princes ( hunor and magor ) hunting near the black sea , chasing a mighty deer , founding some girls and marrying them , becoming the founders of the hunnic and the hungarian tribes . 
  according to history , \u00c1lmos led the seven hungarian tribes to the carpathian basin , which his son , \u00c1rp\u00e1d conquered . 
  either of them can be called our founding father , and also many say it is stephen i. , who took up christianity , and founded the hungarian kingdom . 
  i ca n't quite recall , but if it 's a big bird spreading its wings and holding a sword , than yep , definitely . 
  we have literally hundreds of them countrywide and even beyond . 
  the turul !, 
  it 's a breed of falcon special to us . 
  decisions , decisions . 
  since we are basically bordered only by rightful hungarian clay , i would pick blindfolded . 
  greatest chance to win is against slovenia maybe , we already own your skies , so i think it would be possible . 
  nothing personal tho . 
  do n't get me wrong , they have really good jobs . 
  many of them are seniors and team leaders in their field . 
  i honestly believe that you just need to find a decent company to work at , no matter how hard it seems . 
  if it happens constantly , then it is sad . 
  here in hungary things are exactly the same , except for a few international companies . 
  where i work now , lots of people do n't even know hungarian , and i have a lot of black coworkers . 
  do n't give up , and keep searching , you ca n't change the world , but i 'm pretty damn sure you will find your place in it , if you are dedicated . 
  i think it 's the north-western part of the country . 
  clear vowels , relatively few unique/german words , no accent whatsoever . 
  my great-great grandfather served as a bodyguard of king-emperor franz joseph . 
  we also have a story about him : after his service , as he was heading home , he thought he should get a wife now . 
  as soon as he arrived to his family 's village ( now my hometown ) , he saw a girl herding ducks by the road . 
  he immediately thought `` i 'm gon na marry this girl '' , and he went , and asked her out the next week . 
  they did marry half year later . 
  i also nominate this, 
  `` fika '' means booger in hungarian , do n't make me laugh loudly during work next time please and thank you . 
  we too !, 
  and the food is spelled `` kal\u00e1cs '' around here , we make something like that too . 
  3 of m great grandpas fought , 1 made it back , 2 were pow of the russians . 
  they did n't talk much about the war , but they told horrifying stories about the imprisonment . 
  for the sake of peace with the neighbours , only some skinheads say it openly . 
  but the question always lurks in the shadow . 
  definitely , yes . 
  but do n't get the wrong idea , i highly respect other cultures and people . 
  ambassador follows a stone . 
  wow , dude , grammar . 
  ha * b * sburg , cill * e * i ( i assume you mean him ) . 
  and do n't call hunyadi a bimbo , cillei had it coming . 
  supporting the habsburgs as monarchs of hungary was n't really a healthy attitude about the time . 
  also , he was a major asshole anyways . 
  i would be happy to call the italian alps my home , i love the food , the people , it 's beautiful , and i would ski from november til march non-stop . 
  the suicide of crown-prince rudolf , the son of habsburg franz-joseph , was a great loss of the habsburg family , and of the empire aswell . 
  he was considered a liberal and even a pacifist back then , and liked hungarians and other nationalities a lot , hence was really popular . 
  it would 've been interesting to have him as a ruler , hell , we might have been able to avoid wwi with him as the heir of the crown . 
  my hometown got its city rights under the rule of king mathias i. , in the 15th century . 
  it was almost destroyed and practically uninhabited under the ottoman occupation of hungary , but later was repopulated , and in the 20th century we got `` promoted '' again . 
  definitely sparkling , we even have [ this ] ( http://garazsvasar-hodmezovasarhely.hu/egyeb/images/szodas_szifon.jpg ) device which is used to turn tap water ( or basically any water ) into sparkling water . 
  from my side , it is n't about the level of xenophobia and nationalism . 
  what basically cripples the whole country in my opinion , is the batshit insane level of corruption which runs in every government . 
  it is absolutely ridiculous , you have no idea . 
  the former gas fitter of orban ( my left asscheek has more brain than that guy , trust me ) , apparently is leading a company , which is more successful ( according to networth growth , i hope i used the correct term ) than apple and facebook ( ! ) . 
  meanwhile , the third of my friends are living abroad , serving food in mcdonalds and making cofee in starbucks with their bsc degree , because they make more money there . 
  and we live like this for decades now !, 
  almost every party and/or their leadership was involved in some sort of shady business in the recent past . 
  the 3 exceptions are : * lmp : really small left-wing/green party , they might not even get into the parliament after the elections * momo : the `` new kids on the block '' , they were just a small group of civilians , who stood up against the budapest olimpycs , and basically won , with surprisingly big support , so they formed a party . 
  they seem to be leftist liberals mostly . 
  they are sympathetic , but not really my cup of tea . 
  * jobbik : they are a nationalist , but now much rather a right wing populist party . 
  the left sees them as the devil itself , and this attitude is getting more and more ridiculuos . 
  they represent ( imho ) your everyday working class right winger , who 's sick of orb\u00e1n 's shit , and want to live in a decent country , without the politicans shitting on our heads . 
  the left just demonizes them , not like they will install concentration camps or make a fascist dictatorship . 
  they are just simply more radical , than what is usual in the west . 
  new zealand seems like a great place . 
  it will be super unpopular on reddit , but as a right-winger , i do n't have many choices . 
  i 'll go with the jobbik rather than the current ruling party . 
  y' all take a thing out of context , which i said as an * example * . 
  this thing goes throughout history , i could have said the romanians ' , serbs ' and our battles against the turks , poland was torn apart 2 ( ! ), 
  times , etc. 
  this is far from a recent thing . 
  i 'm not being butthurt , it 's history , shit happens , but i can not comprehend how you and the others do not get what i 'm trying to say . 
  the shit we got from the west for centuries takes its toll . 
  and this `` vae victis '' - attitude of yours is just simply ignorant . 
  this is exactly what led the world to wwii . 
  we did n't picked the `` wrong side '' , we were basically forced to . 
  it was just an example , the west always had a `` good reason '' , to let us down . 
  sometimes you actually did , sometimes you were just ignorant , i only tried to tell you what it felt like . 
  i say it again , from our perspective , it did n't really matter , why were we fucked up , or let down , but all nations around here were .
