  the reason of the protests like these is to achieve at least a referendum about autonomy . 
  check . 
  will the catalans get it ? 
  eventually , yes . 
  you just constantly keep ignoring the will of the citizens ( while calling us butthurt , and bigotted , and throwing phrases like `` history boner '' around ) , and there is the root of the whole problem : you handle the hungarian-minority thing like it was the russians in estonia , or the poles in lithuania like situation . 
  no , it 's completely different , given the historical background , and the shitstorm of the ceaucescu-era . 
  you consequently deny and disrespect their rights to their homeland , in which they lived for more than 1100 ( ! ), 
  years . 
  there are large parts of transylvania with 95 % + hungarian majority . 
  if you 'd at least consider giving them what they want , the whole tense would be significantly smaller . 
  i do n't like to discuss things like this on reddit . 
  sorry if i was n't quite civil , i am overly patriotic , and i 'm aware of it . 
  but do n't pretend that this conflict is just us . 
  again , it 's your ignorance that brings out our bad side . 
  edit : i found only hungarian source on behalf of the invite of the australian embassy , but no surprise , such things rarely find their way to the international media ( the picture is an illustration ) . 
  here you go : http://mno.hu/kulfold/budapesten-masirozo-roman-katonakkal-invitaltak-1374820 edit2 : just finished the video . 
  i 'm laughing my ass out :d you all actually believe this shit ? 
  i mean , the bombing part , and the other ridiculous things . 
  any sources in english ? 
  i wonder who funds such `` non-profit journalism organization '' . 
  oh god , my sides . 
  i do n't want to discuss this any further . 
  yes , the situation is much better than it was under ceaucescu , but the atrocities from your side are still there . 
   have the right to education in their mother language , including a university i guess you are refering to the uni in cluj . 
  it was a hungarian institute , which was forcefully romanized . 
  yay , we can attend to a university we founded , and study in our own language !, 
  it is a bit controversial imo . 
   they have a party representing them in the parliament ... as in literally every democratic country . 
  they get in , because they pass the vote limit . 
  nothing to see here . 
   your fm ordered everyone not to go . 
  just a tiny episode about this : your embassy in australia invited our embassy , and the invite had a picture which shows the `` glorious '' romanian army marching on the streets of our capitol city . 
  it caused a major scandal , and though it was a harsh diplomatic move from the fm 's side , this is one of the few cases i would have done the same as him . 
   the truth is that hungary prefers to be a dick to most of their neighbours lol . 
  it 's * at best * a back and forth thing . 
  * we * do n't have romanian , or pretty much any minority within our borders ( ecept a few , just ask the serbs in budapest , they love it here ) , we do n't really fuck with anyone internally . 
  each and every one of our diplomatic actions is a reaction to atrocities others commit , not counting the isolated actions of some far-right groups , who do n't represent the whole country , just as the ira does n't represents the values and goals of whole ireland . 
  edit : formatting, 
  i do n't know what you mean under `` start shit up '' , the politicians have an obvious reason to go in transylvania sometimes ( you know , there live a few people on who your government continously shits on , and happen to speak hungarian ) . 
  and inviting hungarian politicians to your trianon-celebrations is pretty much a dick move if you ask me , just to mention the most recent diplomatic stir . 
  hungary has a lot , namely : fidesz : the currently ruling right-wing party , started off pretty decent in the '90s , got popular , and concreted itself into a governing position due to the migrant-crisis , despite being utterly corrupt , and have some ridiculously incompetent people in it , like our foreign affairs minister . 
  jobbik : formerly far-right , now more like right-wing populists , ruled by arguably the most charismatic politician in hungary right now . 
  they are ok imo , but i 'm pretty conservative , they are n't everybody 's cup of tea . 
  at least they are seemingly honest . 
  mszp : the ex-commie socialists . 
  they were pretty big , but had a big scandal in 2006 , which left the party in ruins ( our ex-prime minister of the party admitted in a secret meeting that they lied to the people , and did nothing for 4 years , the records went public . ), 
  dk : the crooks : the new left-wing socialist party of the above mentioned ex-prime minister . 
  most of the country mindlessly hate them , just a few brainwashed grandma supports this party . 
  lmp : an interesting left-wing party , they are trustworthy , make clever arguments and they are by far the most competent party on the left . 
  however , their support is surprisingly low . 
  they are the second best imo . 
  the rest is n't worth mentioning , we have neo-commies , neo-nazis , some small left-wing parties , which compete for power in the vacuum left after the fall of the mszp . 
  as you can see , many parties have really similar agenda to each other : the main difference between them is rethorics , and the charisma of the politicians . 
  the things the ruling party allows itself is tragicomedic , sometimes i hope for a bigger uprising after some ridiculous decisions , like in poland about the freedom of press recently , but most people sadly just accepted the politics the way they are . 
  i hope for a brighter future , but now it 's apathy everywhere . 
  poland : i simply love them as brothers and sisters , even more then before . 
  they love us , too . 
  i think it is really beautiful , considering the amount of hate we get from some countries in the region . 
  romania : oh , boy . 
  i do n't want to talk shit , but still , the connections are becoming more tense between our countries and i do n't think we are to blame here . 
  bulgaria : pretty bad memories from childhood , the police there was straight up corrupt , and grabbed every opportunity to shit on tourists . 
  i hear the country is becoming increasingly decent , a lot of people go there for holiday , so i guess it 's better now . 
  those makes much more sense :p, 
  oh , neat , a small relieve . 
  thanks for the answers , 
  yeah , still pretty many , though . 
  the other thing i will probably never comprehend , is the numbers in french . 
  how ? 
  and more importantly why ? 
  me too . 
  i see . 
  wow , i spent a whole year of german lessons back in elementary school memorizing the whole pr\u00e4teritum crap . 
  not that i use german in general very often ( like , never ) because in austria and germany almost everyone understands english , but man , this feels bad . 
  is it now absolutely obsolete or just simply archaic ? 
  i mean like , you still learn them as a toddler/in the school , you just do n't use it in everyday life , right ? 
  oh god . 
  i 've been thinking about learning french for a while now ( russian is the current priority ) , but this straight up scares me man . 
  you should have told this to my german teachers back in school . 
  now i begin to wonder if one is sounding more sophisticated when using pr\u00e4teritum , for example ? 
  time tenses . 
  12 , man , what the hell ?? 
  even german has less . 
  in hungarian this is arguably the easiest part of the language , 3 tenses , and done . 
  also the / \u03b8 / sound ( like in the word `` thing '' ) . 
  we simply do n't have it and lot of hungarians just use s or f instead . 
   there are orthodox people in transylvania too . 
  i know it obviously , just not that many , what the number and size of the churches suggest . 
  arts . 
  i draw like a toddler . 
  same here, 
  in budapest there is a rather cheap bar i visit with friends fairly often , a `` kors\u00f3 '' ( half a litre ) of our shitty bier costs 300 huf hard cash ( roughly 1 eur ) . 
  imagine how many english/irish bachelor parties i have seen during the summer in the city , given the prices . 
  karlsbad is really beautiful imo, 
  had a half-tatar , half-russian friend , who i met in germany , he was an awesome guy . 
  also , we have a saying in hungary `` nem kerget a tat\u00e1r '' , which means `` we are n't in a hurry '' , but literally translates to `` the tatar is n't chasing you/us '' . 
  yeah , they did beat us up that badly during the mongol invasion back in the 13th century . 
  that cathedral , what the hell man . 
  y' all need to ease up on this rapid temple building , even transylvania is littered with newly built churches , which nobody attends . 
  seriously , i 'm sure you could find a better place for that money . 
  only one group is worth mentioning in hungary : akkezdet phiai .
