it always leaves me in awe , how blatantly insignificant happenings mark the actual `` milestones '' , and `` great moments '' of romanian history . 
  union in the 1600s ? 
  having the same ruler does n't mean unification ffs . 
  you would be surprised . 
  germany is the most popular destination , but uk and austria are definitely the second . 
  i 'm currently studying about the 1938 conference in bled , what a coincidence !, 
  this picture is so beautiful . 
  ... and your politicians want her as head of the government \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af with respect , we sure could take back * some * territories , if they are too much for you to handle , 
   romania is still relatively homogeneous as a country mind the hungarians please . 
  and people are wondering why we drink so much smh ... 
  what bugs me really , is that tragedies like this happen , and it 's not on frontpage , but the good sleep doggo from / r/me _ irl is . 
  priorities ... 
  these recent protests are all weird , including this , but the antifa riots abd blm demonstrations aswell , they are not better or worse than eqch other . 
  all actions are followed by reactions , so no , i 'm not shocked or surprised at all , you had it coming . 
  y' all really have to get your shit together and abolish all these radical groups soon . 
  learn from europe 's mistakes . 
  porn\u00f3ap\u00e1ti : porn-stifter bugyi : panties her\u00e9d : your testicles ond\u00f3d : your cum csikl\u00f3b\u00e1nya : clitmine l\u00e1batlan : lacks feet, 
  folk art , culture , but most importantly our dances . 
  i think we win in this over any country in the entire world . 
  our dances are really complex , colourful , even to watch , and if we add the neighbouring nations ' heritage in the mix , it 's like a caleidoscope , there 's nothing to compare it to imho . 
  i 'm dancing since i was 6 , i tried a lot of things , from salsa to hip-hop , from traditional gypsy dances to foxtrott , but the hungarian dances ( and exceptionally the transylvanian dances , from kalotaszeg and mez\u0151s\u00e9g ) are on a whole other level . 
  '' , which means `` to ( your/our ) health ! '' . 
  we 've been much around slavic folk i guess . 
  is used a lot less , and means `` god , god ! '' . 
  i do n't know why do we use it even , it has a good ring , but that 's all . 
  we have a lot of other , informal/funny ways to say `` cheers '' , eg . 
  : `` what did bela kun say ? '', 
  `` into the system ! '', 
  ( fyi : bela kun was an infamous commie leader of ours right after ww1 . ), 
  bonus fun fact , because why not : until 1998 , there was a tradition , which prohibited to cling beer glasses or bottles before drinking , because the austrians celebrated the execution of the martyrs of arad by saying toast with beer after our failed freedom fight in 1848/49 . 
  cross the street when the lights are red . 
  germans tend to gasp when they see us doing it . 
  i mean , we only do it when it 's safe , what 's the matter ? 
  magor , the forefather of all hungarians , the great grandson of noah , brother to hunor , who himself was the forefather of huns . 
  according to written history , the byzantines write about a guy named levedi , who led our people into crimea , at around 750-800 ac . 
  we are not sure if this is his real name , or the byzantines just named him after the region we were settled . 
  a lot , actually , but it was mostly on purpose . 
  i was part of a folk dance assembly for 13 years , casually chilling in traditional clothes before/after a performance always draws a lot of attention , especially since some of our ensembles are exceptionally colourful . 
  socks = footjail . 
  my mum does n't like me to fo barefoot , so for her sake i go with slippers when at home . 
  itt : the ex-industrial regions of europe with all the depleted mines . 
  i 'll ask my grandma - his uncle served as a hussar prior ww1 in the k. u. k. army . 
  he served at the eastern front i believe . 
  edit : apparently , he took part in the charge of the hungarian hussars at the battle of limanova in 1914 , and he claimed that he shook hands with hindenburg after the battle in the hospital . 
  they charged the russians unmounted with only pistols and sabers . 
  he was really proud of his military career : his friends even called him the `` little hussar '' after the war . 
  shame i did n't get to know him . 
  meh , you can have it . 
  but liszt is ours !, 
  i wish we could turn back time / to the good old daaays ... 
  this goes for all of the former eastern block imo . 
  i loved those books as a child . 
  all people i know of with the same surname as me can trace back their ancestry to the very same village in the northern part of the country . 
  literally all of us are related to some extent . 
  god bless him , i bet he 's been through a lot . 
  `` trianon was justice '' careful now , son . 
  only leftists have negative connotations to it . 
  and no one should have , neither to the \u00c1rp\u00e1d-stripes and any of other national symbols . 
  shame how some assholes can ruin national symbols to anybody , especially after decades of their deaths . 
  if you want to hate something , hate the arrowed cross . 
  sorry for the rant btw , i just like that big ol' bird . 
  i did n't study law , so it 's possible that i used the wrong term and/or i 'm slightly wrong on some topics . 
  what i meant was the continuity with the previous versions of the constitution . 
  the one the commies installed rendered every previous version invalid , while covering much fewer aspects of governing and state functions , and of course losing some basic values . 
  after the fall of the iron curtain , we had a `` temporary '' constitution , which was based on the old commie one , and was replaced by the current in 2011 . 
  it 's fine imho , but the rights of the constitutional court was cut way too much . 
  anyway , it did n't restore the historical constitutions , and is n't even based on them . 
  it might seem sentimental , but i just think that a fundamental document like that should have deep roots in the country 's past if possible , while , of course , being adjusted to its present needs . 
  it should n't be a thing to change often and radically . 
  while i 'm fine with the current one , i would definitely install a new , just to restore constitutional continuity ( which was broken by the commies after the war ) . 
  it 's such a nonsense it did n't happen so far ... 
  we have a lot of hungarian students coming from over the current borders ( like from transylvania for example ) . 
  the neighbour girl listens to it literally non-stop , and it pops up my fb feed quite often . 
  i think it 's really popular . 
  not really . 
  last summer tho , we were a happy country full of joy for a few weeks . 
  thanks football !, 
  indeed , i forgot about that . 
  i would guess `` szia ! '', 
  but maybe it 's too long . 
  turks however would probably understand this : `` zsebemben sok kicsi alma van '', 
  as always . 
  certainly , we are n't having our best time now , but as the saying says , if we would have left the country everytime there was something wrong , the carpathian basin would already be deserted for centuries . 
  depends on the faculty , really . 
  in social studies and sociology for example , everyone is hardcore leftist , in science , engineering , and history , the people are mainly conservative , students included . 
  probably not , which is a shame . 
  maybe in coalition with the neighbouring countries , we could hold the carpathians for a few days . 
  i mean techincally , duh, 
  thank you all for making my day !, 
  it may sound strange , but basically goulash is the soup version of p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt . 
  they have similar taste , but guly\u00e1s is eaten with spoon , and you cook it with the potatoes , while p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt can be eaten with fork , and you eat it with noodles , or bread , or separately cooked potatoes . 
  come on dude , one fucking time in history , let us be the oppressors . 
  y' all had a fun time during that period anyways , developing in peace and shit . 
  it was n't that bad . 
  none that i know about . 
  it 's seems rather odd now :d, 
  wow , brilliant pun , i seriously never heard that before :d nice find , the pronunciation is similar indeed !, 
  hajnal - 2-5 am reggel - 5-9 am d\u00e9lel\u0151tt ( before noon ) - 9-12 am d\u00e9l - noon d\u00e9lut\u00e1n - 1-6 pm est or este - 6-10 pm \u00c9j or \u00e9jszaka - 10 pm-2 am ( \u00e9jf\u00e9l - midnight ), 
  yep , in the southern part of the country , by the danube . 
  i got confused by the way , it has actually 4 reactors , we just plan to extend it by building some more , with better technology .
