  in forms , the surname is usually kov\u00e1cs , or p\u00e9lda ( literally example ) , the first name tend to vary a lot ( istv\u00e1n , l\u00e1szl\u00f3 , k\u00e1roly come to my mind ) in jokes which involve a boy , the boy is usually called m\u00f3ricka ( nickname for maurice ), 
  it actually might be , i 'm just not used to it . 
  absolutely , i loved them as a child . 
  even my little bro is into them now . 
  this . 
  i could n't even jerk out a british accent if i would have to . 
  russian however ... 
  absolutely not , the question is asked only once in a blue moon , and only hypothetically . 
  i remember 2 occasions , when it was asked by important people ( according to hungarian reinstitution ) : 1 - archduke otto von habsburg , back in the '90s . 
  he said it `` should at least be considered '' by the people to reinstall the monarchy . 
  i do n't remember it causing any debate , tho . 
  may he rest in peace , i would have definitely accepted him as a ruler , by the way . 
  he was a talented politician and actually loved hungary very much , knew the language , etc. 
  he was the best habsburg ever lived . 
  2 - g\u00e1bor vona , leader of the jobbik party ( the nationalist party , they are currently the second strongest party in the country ) , in an interview around 2010 . 
  he has a degree in history , and though he stated that it 's absolutely unimportant to discuss this , due to the country having much bigger problems currently , he is admittedly a monarchist , and if the state of the country would allow it , he would gladly discuss this topic . 
  imo , being a monarchy would make sense . 
  hungary was a kingdom since 1001 until 1920 , and right now , we definitely could use someone , who is respected by everyone , and could unite the nation under one banner . 
  i 'm definitely pro-life . 
  someone 's idiocy and ignorance should n't be an excuse to take away a life . 
  the only exception i would allow , is in the case of rape victims ( for obvious reasons ) and when a life-altering disease is diagnosed in the early period of pregnancy ( because if the child could n't possibly lead a full life ever in the future , or might die too early , then it might be better to spare the family the trauma what comes with such events . ), 
  i 'm kinda biased towards oppressed minorities , so i really support your case . 
  the spirit you maintain is unbelievable and i wish the best to you guys . 
  also , your flag is really similar to ours . 
  it 's a small bonus . 
   at least as early as the 17th century lel . 
  anonymus stated in the gesta hungarorum ( anno in the 13th century ) that we are closely related to huns . 
  everyone knew about the theory , but basically no one cared until the rise of nationalism , and what is more , science proved it wrong . 
  with this  there was however a dispute during the 19th century you basically proved my point . 
  it was n't even discussed until that , because of its irrelevance . 
  everything had to be dug up , because traditions and heritage on a historical scale do n't always survive , and even if they do , they are n't pure . 
  tejf\u00f6l and paprika in every dish . 
  y' all do n't use these enough . 
  edit : i almost forgot this , but i badly wish it was possible to properly translate [ jen\u0151 rejt\u0151 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jen%c5%91_rejt%c5%91 ) to other languages . 
  you guys have no idea , what you miss by simply not be able to read his novels in original , and this fact is killing me . 
  they kinda dug it up in the 19th century , like everyone else . 
  it was rather a `` rediscovery '' , than an actual , active heritage most of the time ( i 'm talking about the big picture , naturally , there were unique , living traditions for every folk , of course . ), 
  nationality did n't matter that much until that time , then suddenly everyone in the region came up with ( or in some cases , partly made up ) their own national culture and history , etc. 
  this counts for czechs , slovaks , serbs , romanians , hungarians , even croats , too . 
  it 's not miraculous , since nationalism basically forced every nation to have a `` glorious past '' to be proud of , and ancient and vast cultural heritage , to feel superior and different to other people . 
  i 'm actually thinking about that a lot . 
  the nature . 
  my cousin admittedly cried when he first saw the grand canyon . 
  your country is gorgeus . 
  it 's vast , it 's big , and the with the exception of metropolises , not that densely populated as europe . 
  here , there are basically no places , where you can feel isolated from civilization . 
  the closest thing to that are the carpathians , but not nearly as much . 
  the trianon-topic is seemingly undying . 
  one side wants revision , because history , and 1 out of 6 member of the nation is a citizen of a neighbouring country , and usually gets oppressed . 
  the other side says we should simply accept what happened , try to make a better country from what we got , and whining about the past has no use . 
  it was hilarious indeed . 
  i think most of us understand its importance to you , but mind that it was a semi-autonomic region since , like , we came here back in the 9th century ( ! ) . 
  it was always a very diverse region , all religous groups and ethnicities were treated equal for most of its history . 
  i admit that we started to fuck it up with forcing the magyarization in the 19th century , but what you did under the ceau-era is just blatantly outrageous , and it continues . 
  trust me , we do n't feel your understanding either . 
  definitely a big topic . 
  it sort of became a political question : if you want to adjust a borders , or stand up for the rights of the minorities , you are usually defined as a right wing supporter , on the other hand , if you do n't want territories back/not interested about the situation , you are considered leftist . 
  whole revision would n't be possible , given the circumstances , but mind that we are still the largest ethnic group within the carpathian basin , so something must be done , because it will continously increase the tension between us and the neighbouring countries . 
  i sometimes think about what if we extend v4 , and transform it to a federative union . 
  the whole region flourished under the austria-hungary era ( except poland ) , it was an economic boom , and the empire was considered a global power . 
  if we 'd just make sure this time that every nation has equal rights , it could possibly be a golden age for the region . 
  really weird idea imo . 
  why do you consider this a good idea ( if you do ) ? 
  we even had 2 social media sites ( iwiw and myvip ) , but facebook proved simply better . 
  12 out of 10 . 
  sadly . 
  it seems so hopeless to throw out these bastards . 
  the union is n't a military alliance . 
  we help economically , sactioning russia and stuff , since you are n't part of the nato , we ca n't really do anything else . 
  also ^ pls ^ gib ^ ciscarpathia ^ back ^ ty . 
  since we have the fence , i did n't even see one . 
  i have some friends who are police officers , they go to work at the border 4-5 times in a month , they complain a lot though . 
  oh , sorry , my bad . 
  i just misunderstood you . 
  anyways , it 's always interesting , how such relatively small regions have their own accent/dialect . 
  yeah , thought about it just being a dialect , but then i have heard standard dutch here and there since i started watching the show , and it also sounds strange to me . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love your country and its people , the language is just simply harsh to me , but not in the german way - my bet is on the gluttural sounds you mentioned , they are n't exclusive in brabant , just much more noticeable there . 
  i feel a brotherly love towards all poles , and somewhat connected to german-speaking countries , mainly austria and germany . 
  italy also feels like home sometimes . 
  being european however , does n't feel like being a member of a community . 
  we all have ties , and things in common , but we are really different people . 
  being european does n't nearly mean to me as much as being hungarian . 
  `` we are a small nation with greater history you burgers will ever have . 
  we are drowning in corruption , and wo n't ever agree with each other on anything . 
  but we will survive , as we 've always had . 
  have a shot of p\u00e1linka , because i want to laugh on your face as you drink it . '', 
  i like celtic languages a lot . 
  they are weird , and i love it . 
  i do n't dislike entire language families , but dutch just sounds horrid . 
  new kids is absolutely hilarious , but i ca n't watch 2 episodes in a row , because it 's hurting my ears . 
  blasphemy , it 's hungarian unicum . 
  we call that the `` the neighbour 's cow shall also die '' - behaviour . 
  we also had them , i loved those books as a kid . 
  we no longer have the vinegar one , because it seems like i 'm the only person in this goddamned country who likes it . 
  i almost cried when chio decided it 's not worth selling them . 
   less shitty russia man , do n't trigger the baltics, 
  i will say again , what i 've said 2 times before according to this : i do n't want to defend any right wing movement , or authoritarian action , so i do n't need you to lecture me . 
  i am in fact scared because our government can get rid of platforms which dare to criticise it , i really am . 
  tv2 , classfm , n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g , all gone , and it is really scary , the freedom of the press is definitely in danger here . 
  but the fact that someone 's getting jumped on , and humiliated by the media just for expressing a non-pc opinion , cracks me the fuck up .
