  despite this , we helped them in and after the balkan wars ( it was more of a humanitarian help , but after the war we also sent troops to preserve the peace ) , and the connections are now less tense than with the romanians for example . 
  also , our capital has a surprisingly big serbian community , which is really lovely , and contributed to serbian culture greatly . 
  in fact , we do . 
  it 's not an everyday topic , but there are many hatecrimes against hungarians in vojvodina . 
  i 'm not saying that every serb hates us ( the folks in belgrade are rather decent , for example ) , but there is a major hate going on . 
  on contrary , i have several friends among the hungarian serb minority , i attended a few cultural events , and they are really kind people . 
  is milk-cap some kind of shroom ? 
  we have many . 
  the most ridiculous is more of a comedic threat than an actual saying ( we do n't even use it seriously , because it is so much more funny than frightening ) : `` megtan\u00edtalak keszty\u0171be dud\u00e1lni ! '', 
  - `` i will teach you how to toot in a glove ! '', 
  so much this . 
  somehow it 's always a little bit different and more complicated here when it comes to these things . 
  historical and geological sights . 
  wehrabooism , my ass . 
  man , i literally just told you the story . 
  okay , it was n't the totenkopf ss after all , but still the german army . 
  i 'm trying to comprehend , but how does all this shit with the vienna award and orb\u00e1n come to the picture ? 
  you imply things which have no connection to the topic whatsoever . 
  consider also that these young men are mainly 2nd generation of immigrants . 
  their parents are really thankful that the country they live in let them make a living there , but they kept their original traditions , values , etc. 
  they pass these down to their children , who simply experience the exact opposite of these values every day in their life . 
  this duality combined with the hardships of being a young adult nowadays leads to them feeling outcasts in the sociality they were born into . 
  so we have a young adult , who is frustrated , lost and angry at everything , and is presented to an ideology , which 100 % matches his thoughts about the world . 
  i do n't think its their fault . 
  people just associate everything of our national heritage with radicalism . 
  it 's really a shame though . 
  corruption . 
  if there is even a doubtful evidence , that 's a big no-no . 
  corruption is like the achilles-heel of eastern europe , and we should get rid of it permanently . 
  honesty above all . 
   that 's because when they came to our country , we were allies , so the german soldiers treated romanians better than russian soldiers ( they are described by some as kinder than the russians and more educated ) this is the truth . 
  my grandma had a lot of stories about the war . 
  she and ehr friends got orange and even chocolate from the german soldiers , but they had to be hidden from the russians , because they would legitimately rape pre-teen girls . 
  the red army was a bunch of godforsaken animals . 
  the germans were just soldiers in a war . 
  we want the bruders back ( not as rulers , tho ) . 
  we even kept the german university in budapest and everything !, 
  thanks for mentioning old hungarian < 3, 
  die antwoord is the best . 
  they were performing in budapest last year , and god damn , they are some crazy motherfuckers , it was really amazing . 
  also , south africa gave the world charlize theron . 
  she 's one of the most beautiful women in the world . 
  this is really interesting question , the whole preww2 era is controversial . 
  we call it horthy-era , after the governor . 
  he himself was n't an all out fascist , he was just conservative imho , there was also democracy , election in every 4 years , etc. 
  some prime ministers were kind of fascistoid however , eventually they accepted anti-jew laws , and participated in the holocaust but horthy did n't like hitler at all , and the pressure coming from the reich was really big . 
  during the war , the germans eventually came and raised an all-out fascist party ( the nyilas party ) and got rid of the governor . 
  the nyilas goverment collaborated with the nazis , they took their part in the holocaust , gave the national treasury ( the gold of the national bank , and even the holy crown ) and they have really bad reputation since then . 
  horthy is another question , some ( like me ) praise him as the last true patriot and honest politician in the country , some spit when they hear his name , and call him a nazi-collaborant . 
  the truth may be somewhere in between . 
  eastern europe as whole turns slowly and surely to the far right . 
  all countries around here are pretty conservative , and since we were always bullied by bigger powers , also a little bit xenophobic . 
  remember that we all experienced communism , too , and do n't want that back ever , so the left is usually viewed as bunch if excommies in many countries ( which they sometimes are , indeed ) . 
  we have a promenade named after him in budapest !, 
  wow , i did n't know anything about the guy so far . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , it was a major outrage in the 19th century . 
  they called you the `` fish lard relatives '' . 
  it 's mean , but i find the term funny . 
  all of our legends explicitly states , that we are the descendants of the huns , so it was sort of understandable back then . 
  but science proved it otherwise . 
  exactly . 
  almost all kinds of ducks are protected by law around here , big game is deer and boar , but pheasant and rabbit might be even more popular . 
  eminescu really sounds like the stage name of a rapper called marshall matherescu . 
  hungary as a state stands more than a 1000 years now , but we only have remote ideas about where we come from originally ( according to the current , academically accepted theory , we are related to finns , estonians , and small tribes around the ural ) . 
  the doubt birthes the wildest kinds of lunatics who spread their ideas on the internet . 
  i have heard so many bullshit theories that i can not even count . 
  we were `` supposedly related '' to : sumers , japanese , tibetians , aryans , etruscs , even south american ( ! ), 
  indians . 
  it 's usually kind of funny how serious these people are . 
  several friends/relatives of mine hunt , the most common hunting dogs around here are dachshunds , fox terriers and beagles . 
  ( the hunts here are rather big , organised events , the usage of dogs is limited , they are only there to get foxes and rabbits out of their holes . ), 
  labs are really common , but only as a pet . 
  edit : almost forgot [ vizslas ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vizsla ) . 
  common pet and hunting dog aswell . 
  good point , i do n't know what are they doing still in the counter . 
  nonetheless , they tasted bad even when we got them . 
  it 's so disgusting , my cousin brought home a bunch from the states like 10 years ago , and we still have them . 
  i have quite a few circles of friends i usually hang out with , and each is different . 
  the guys from my hometown like boardgames a lot , so usually we play , and we drink fine wines and occasionally p\u00e1linka . 
  the bros from the old dorm-room are weedheads and mememaster-shitlords , when we hang out we joke a lot , and usually end up blackout drunk in some underground club in budapest listening to techno , goa or something similar . 
  one of my best friends is a volleyball player , i attend their matches a lot , and sometimes go partying together with his teammates . 
  again , lots of drinks in their dorm and clubing after ( budapest aswell ) . 
  my current roommate and i have a bunch female friends from the highschool times , when we are out with the girls , we usually attend to cultural events , mainly theatre plays and concerts , or have a dinner together in the city . 
  in the capitol , there are a lot of ways to socialize , i go out once or twice a week , and try to maintain all of my friendships . 
  since i live in a country of alcoholics , drinking is literally always part of the evening , even after theatre play , we usually go to a bar to talk about what we watched . 
  in the rural region , the possibilities are much-much more limited , i would n't even go out if it were n't for the friends , possibly . 
  i 'd have went with szil\u00e1rd ( means ` solid ' , or ` hard ' , for those who do n't speak magyar ) , but attila is a bit better . 
  kinda agree , the present is dark . 
  but i believe we will recover . 
  we always did . 
  i wish for everyone to come home from abroad and help us build a better country . 
  last response from my side . 
  under atrocities i usually mean small , but meaningful things , like the romanian politician who voted against the traditional catholic festival of \u0218umuleu ciuc getting unesco world-heritage status or your ex-president stating romania ends at the tisa . 
  and there are the little personal things like when 5 years ago in a restaurant we were n't served , because we were speaking in hungarian to each other with my family , or 3 years ago , when me and my friend ( he 's local ) almost got jumped on by a bunch of guys , simply for telling a joke in hungarian on the street ( romania was n't involved . 
  but i spoke hungarian , and got spit on and told to watch my tongue ) . 
  you are basically calling me ( and my nation ) butthurt over things which happen a 100 years ago , yet come up with ah , and the state of the minorities there . 
  and how russia and the crimean annexion come to the picture ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  the video you linked neither makes sense to me , in fact i feel like it kinda even proves my point .
