  actually one thing that 's common for all countries is that male suicide is a lot worse compared to female.why arent we happy guys ? 
  works for me . also going with friends for a coffee at a seaside cafe . 
  crisis cant keep us down bro . 
  ouch . 
  i would like to see this chart * pre * - crisis.we would be lower i think . 
  not for more than a millenium.and i wasnt trying to blame anything on that.i was just prefacing my argument . 
  i know of this but whats its connection to my post ? 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  that they were subjugated to the ussr ? 
  yes but they werent subjugated before forming germany.just split into many states . 
  i dont know if they are trying to `` destroy '' us.its a bit extreme . 
  i can say a few things about greece.we had been subjugated for more than a millenia ( romans then ottomans ) . we gained our independence less than 200 years ago.the new greek state didnt hit the ground running.to this day most greeks are still treating the state as we did the turkish pashas or sultans . 
  1 ) hostile and repressing entity thats out to take our money , at the worst . 
  2 ) collaborator in making a quick profit by stealing money from taxes and securing jobs for your family in the public sector , if you bribe it with votes , at its best . 
  next we have our european `` allies '' and `` partners '' . there is no such thing ( talking about goverments here ) . just profit to be made.looking throughout history bad things come from the west for greece ( generally ) . siemens has been bribing our politicians for years ( a scandal broke out in greece a few years back ) . our minister of defence ( tsohatzopoulos ) famously corrupt took bribes and bought german submarines that werent fuctioning properly.greece ( along side other countries ) forgave the german debt after ww2 so germany could grow , yet they refuse to do the same with us . 
  my point is not to put blame on the german people ( or any other peoples ) . i am not looking for a scapegoat.we as greeks need to change some of our mentalities that lead us here.we ( some of us ) voted for corrupt politicians , profited ( shorterm ) from it and now we pay for it.but in my view the punishment is a bit harsh for the crime.our economy is dying.we are having a third exodus ( first in the 1920 's ,2 nd in the 1960 's ) of people.many people are suffering from poverty and we are being painted as the black sheep , that despite its good friends efforts just wont walk straight . 
  i may sound a bit bitter but the e.u. 
  is starting to look as a good way for countries with strong economies to walk all over weaker ones.no `` solidarity '' . with both crisis ( economic and immigrant ) we are being thrown under the bus again and again.and i am a proponent of the eu . 
  to conclude i believe that should we change we can stop the rest of our `` allies '' taking advantage of our weakness.and have a country thats good for everyone who wishes it to live in . 
  \u0399 looked at his post history and it doesnt seem to be one.you can never know for sure though . 
  not really . 
  marseilles , nice , bari , brindesi , croton , syracuse are some of their modern names.also quite a few on the black sea . 
  type '' ancient greek colonies '' in google . 
  i am not sure of all aspects but one i know is they burn forests to create land for purchase . 
  yeah same here.arson should be worse than murder . 
  : / . everywhere country with rich history knows the pain of past glories  . 
  ouch.rush them to the hospital to get their burn treated . 
  i sympathise.arsonists are low life scum.trying to destroy our nature for money . 
  yeah forgot to put that asterisk  . 
  what the fuck did i summon ? 
  didnt know that.bridges and dicks out for harambe.italy loves our friends the animals . 
  yeah bro you are . 
  its to honor harambe for sure . 
  coming from a country with loads of summer-fires , my heart goes out to the portu-bros . 
  i think this game is hands down won by colonising countries.as the greek and french lists showed . 
  my tablet 's shitty autocorrect . 
  we put immigrants and suddenly noone wants them . 
  germany.i hear they like chemical engineers . 
  shit 's not funny bro.you are reinforcing erdy 's ideas.please no . 
  what u/stephanosgr said is funnier but in reality its cables under the sea . 
  i feel like i should be insulted but i will upvote anyway . 
  i am sorry but this isnt the usa . 
  rex for life.but i liked the first guy most why did he die :( . 
  well they already ruined [ ours ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/fourth_crusade ) so suck it up venetians . 
  edit : and i will have my [ horses ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/horses_of_saint_mark ) back , thank you very much . 
  it mentions apologising to turkish-cypriots of that time not `` settlers '' or entitled genocide deniers . 
  yeah that sums it up nicely . 
  2 reasons for this.firstly they have been inhabited for many thousand years and secondly we got bad organisation . 
  its in athens so no.even though your idea is wrong and shitty , i hope you have a good time here . 
  yeah sure thing bro.i also got a room i am not using.wanna come live in it ? 
  dont even ask just come . 
  yeah i am so used to this , i found it really weird that they didnt do it in budapest/bratislava . especially when its summer and i am walking half the city like a good tourist . 
  i noticed the same in hungary and slovakia.i f you ever come to greece though water is free everywhere . 
  that seems a bit strange to me.here in greece they always bring water before you even order.only places that dont do that are beerhouses . but there as well you will get free water if you ask for it . 
  in greece they always bring the water before even ordering . 
  cause then we couldnt make feta . 
  i am not saying its difficult.i am just saying that being poorer is generally lowers your food quality . 
  a souvlaki costs 1.7-2 .00 euros.but generally i agree with you . 
  is 40 % a lot ? 
  yes i am without qualms !!, 
  nope . 
  how about we ban smoking altogether here .40 % of the population as smokers is really dropping life expectancy.also the crisis didnt do us any favours ( less money to spend on homecooked meals = more junk food which is cheaper ) . 
  yeah.it sucks inhaling this shit for 25 years despite being a non-smoker . at the place where i learned english the teachers ( all women ) smoked so much that every time i passed outside of their office and went home my mother ( a smoker ) told me i reeked of cigarettes . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if you are referring to the crisis some have been hit more others less . 
  you can always look it up . 
  its not a secret.i live in greece and have only seen them 1-2 times in athens . 
  for universities they might leave.but we got 2-4 universities on islands.jobs depends on how big it is . crete for example produces quite a few things . 
  the mainland is always cheaper than the islands.most people stayed on their islands . it isnt expensive for the locals.they know where to go . 
  yeah tourist heavy places always have inflated prices.and rhodes is a popular destination . there are many greek islands . some cheap , some expensive af . 
  from what know its relatively expensive if you are a student . 
  how much were you spending a day if i might ask ? 
  depends on where you went . 
  the places where they are detained didnt . 
  the rest did . 
  simple . 
  care you dont cut anyone on that edge bro . 
  romanticism is nice on occasion but real life ** must ** take precedence , especially with what we are going through . 
  i see grandmas in poland drive better vehicles than in greece . mine drove a donkey : /, 
  doesnt matter got tourists :p, 
  i am not . 
  that advertisement just stuck with me :p, 
  yeah come live your myth in greece ( actual promo used by ministry of tourism ) . 
  our padishah , his magnificence the sultan erdogan i has declared his forgiveness of those who would slander him . 
  rejoice and repent for his light shines bright on all of us . magnanimous in victory he gives us all something to strive towards . blessed be his reign . 
  on another note the torture and rape of prisoners and persecution of people will continue ... 
  egypt yeah . but maybe you should wait and see about instabul . 
  turkey isnt getting any more stable as we speak, 
  when you mean cheap can you say the price ? 
  cheap for one may not be cheap for all , 
  yeah wait till we get to july-august . i am going to be mean and say this has benefited our tourism industry quite a bit . 
  i would feel a lot worse about saying this if they didnt cause this themselves . 
  i misspoke about them installing it . here is your source : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/529932.stm, 
  they did a bit more than diplomatically support it think . 
  when clinton had visited greece a few years back he admitted it . 
  no thanks . feta for me . preferably not too old, 
  so what you are telling me , if eat this nothing on me will get harmed , with the possible exception of my colon . 
  `` your '' ? 
  i dont want them . take them :p, 
  had to look that up . yeah doesnt seem very appetizing .
