  yeah i never understood this kind of stupidity . 
  i mean we dislike the american ( goverment ) s as well but we dont get uncivilised . 
  guess who is getting less fries in their souvlaki.that will teach em to install a junta here . 
  what the hell do you put in a cheese to make it last so long.was this a type of early chemical warfare ? 
  i prefer sweet breakfast tbh . goes perfect with espresso, 
  yeah . along with the usa ' france , germany , russia and a couple of others are the biggest arms dealers in the world . such hypocrisy . 
  yeah i dont think he bothers himself on whether they will do it . 
  he has to score them political points with his fanat-erm i meant voters - . 
  well said !, 
  yeah when the border opened in 1990 ( i think ) a lot of the first wave immigrants werent the decent '' working for my family '' type . thats why there is a degree of rascism against albanians here . also the fact that many albanian workers claim they are proficient in all kinds of manual labor to get jobs gives them a bad name amongst their greek peers . other than that we cool bro :p, 
  pretty much yeah . apart from faking debt to get in it was apparent from the beggining it had a bad effect on our economy . prices on quite a few things jumped so high compared to drachma . a bottle of water jumped from 50 drachma to 50 cents ( = 170 drachmae ) . 
  and to think we faked our debt to join the eurozone . 
  easy . frappe cafe and cigarettes . 
  edit : i hate both with a passion . i am more of an espresso and \u03bc\u03c0\u03bf\u03c5\u03b3\u03ac\u03c4\u03c3\u03b1 ( greek pastry with phyllo and creme filling ) kinda guy . 
  well the last few years have been pretty educational on the fact that we have ** national debt ** . 
  yeah its kinda stupid.they enforce the law and the goverment scolds them about it . i mean cmon now have some sense . you arent the `` rebels '' in opposition anymore . 
  oh thank you for explaining . 
  didnt get the reference !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  next up . purge of people responsible for purges.we need this to come full circle !, 
  my heart says yes , my brain says no . 
  i remember that say pretty well . i was on vacation on a greek island with friends . we woke up in the morning went out and outside churches there were flowers and candles for the victims . thats how i learned about it . 
  ofc i remember which is which , duhh.how hard is it for people to understand the difference . australia is an alpine country , member of the e.u. 
  while austria is a wasteland inhabited by deadly creatures . also mad max took place there . a story of a styrian noble trying to survive in a post-empire era . 
  1 . yes 2 . no 3 . in war times only 4 . we already do that here so same difference 5 . yes 6 . no 7 . artillery, 
  hmm the list containing the coup supporters just grew a whole lot . 
  tommorow : turkey divides administrative regions according to religion . 
  day after tommorow : turkey starts collecting children and ~ ~ brainwashes ~ ~ teaches them the virtues of islam whilst giving them military training . 
  one week : turkey introduces taxes for non muslims and non practising muslims . 
  ~ ~ sultan ~ ~ erdogan is declared president for life whilst mobs are let loose to lynch undesirables . 
  i have stopped watching news on tv for the last 10 years, 
  and our politicians were being bribed by german companies like siemens . and we bought german weapons to keep up the mini arms race we have with turkey . and yes we fucked up . but the measures taken by troika arent fixing shit . they are just choking our economy and our people.and we are flooded by refugees but none of our `` allies '' and partners gave a shit till it became their problem as well . we got fucked over so the precious euro could maintain its value . and after this shit your people come and vote to leave the e.u. 
  and euro loses value anyway.i am fucking exhausted of dealing with accusations and condecention from people who know nothing about the situation apart from what they hear on mass media . 
  i wish it was so simple : /, 
  cause the tablet where i am writing from has shitty formatting and autocorrect . 
  i spend enough time fixing the latter . 
  bored to fix the rest :p, 
  there is a difference between disliking a country 's goverment and disliking the people as a whole.a significant difference which , i admit , i learned not too long ago . 
  i am getting tired of the `` pay debts '' meme . 
  yeah thats right.a sick man can work and pay.a dead one cant . 
  dont take what i said too seriously . just reversing what was the popular opinion during the last siege of constantinople . 
  not ok , its just that noone cares outside greece . 
  i am not complacent . just explaining that they do this often . 
  yay . we are saved . no !, 
  death by europe  death by erdogan . 
  this happens all the times . i know most of you dont know this but its more of the same here . 
  shhhh dont give him ideas !, 
  yeah fixed it a bit, 
  never knew that about him.makes it even sadder that he got assassinated before he could revive greece from 400 of darkness . 
  we always kill our best ... edit : assassination organised by english , french executed by greeks, 
  2 birds with one stone . 
  tbh thats the only real crime from all the arrests . 
  edit : typos, 
  what does it mean ? 
  yeah i prefer to fight over yogurt and not if erdogan will go full gone vilain on us if we dont return the asylum seekers, 
  yeah beat em up granny . use your stick !!, 
  they are stealing our yogurt !!, 
  leave the beaches , drop the coffee . to waaaaarrrr !, 
  just balkan things !, 
  1912 is when we bought the ship , read on a bit . 
  what do we do when we have a ticking bomb right next to us . we got enough problems as it is . 
  what do we have to do to convince people we want our peace and quiet . this reminds me of what was happening before ww2 . 
  we were trying so hard to not provoke nazi germany . we hid the origin ( italian ) of the torpedo that sunk our cruiser '' elli '' during a religious holiday . when an english airplane fell over greece we didnt let them come take the wreckage so as to prevent a single british soldier from coming onto greek soil . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_cruiser_elli_ ( 1912 ) for the second fact i didnt find sources but it happened, 
  its really tiring when history is repeating itself . 
  things like this have happened so many times by tyrants seeking to cement their power , you would think we would be wiser by now . 
  times like this i wish could take our country and move it somewhere else, 
  * covertly sipping on margaritas *, 
  you cheapskate . let us have it . we can sell it !, 
  yeah its not so fast . 
  we got up to 50 mbps but 24 is still king here . a bit expensive to upgrade .75 % more monthly . 
  on occasion, 
  what debts ? 
  only freddo espresso and swimming here . 
  we will start our own olympics . with depression and sad statistics !!!!!, 
  ! gather up, 
  almost there . chem . 
  to be precise, 
  we got another winner xd . go lietuva, 
  yeah bro . when it comes to lists like that we are the best of the worst . hahahah * empty laughter hiding pain *, 
  dont worry guys . keep trying and you can beat us . seriously though whats up with southern europe . i am starting to believe them northeners might be right about us . on the other hand we got the mediterranian and wonderful weather so not all bad, 
  import your greek today !!, 
  for the low price of some olive oil and feta xd . 
  besides joking frankfurt and munich have quite a few greeks . i am hoping to add to that number . i hope you arent tired of engineers in germany ^ ^, 
  we are here and in the dozens !!!, 
  yes we are first . wait what was the list about ? 
  oh . hey , look mom i am on a list ... 
  poor guy he didnt do nothing, 
  i think there is a pattern on this map . 
  i can understand the bible a lot better . the iliad is in homeric greek , a lot more difficult for us to understand . dont forget homer lived in the 9th or 8th century b.c. 
  if you are that interested or need it , you could try learning it . not gon na be easy but its worth it . i wish i had learned it better . translations are fine but reading it in its original form is exquisite . 
  time for more embarassment . 
  what kind of exit will bojo sponsor next ? 
  what tuned.i never thought i would pity the brits more than my own country ... 
  mostly koine if someone chooses the `` theoretical '' direction in school he/she can go more in depth learning ancient greek . 
  just to rectify one thing about your post.while we wouldnt understand each other 100 % koine greek ( ancient ) is much closer to modern greek than shakespearean english is to modern english . 
  yeah bro this way is definitely better than going to war for it . you are welcome anytime !, 
  sure hope so . 
  you never know with the internet, 
  yeah exactly . this map isnt too funny though.stereotypes are funny if they have some truth to them . this map has little of it,
