  oh cool.anyone asked the libyans ? 
  its so convenient when the solution can happen so far from your country . 
  fuck you orban . 
  russia.she would hold the door open so these countries could fall into her lap . 
  utopic one could say . 
  just add russia and the old band is back together ( almost ) . 
  goverments arent the mafia.they will just disappear them . 
  whaaaaat ??? 
  troika promised us this was good for us.now you say austerity aint good ? 
  eh mistakes happen.just peoples lives are being ruined , no biggie . 
  horror b-movie . make it happen . 
  i can visualize russian history in 50 years or so . 
  '' great leader stalin was a benevolent ruler that saved the world from fascism.his capitalist enemies tried to blemish his name by supposed '' crimes '' and called him a '' ruthless dictator '' . thankfully the russian people know the truth . '', 
  somehow i dont think jesus would resurrect ** this ** lazarus . 
  i wont get worried till they announce they want to revive stalin from his grave . 
  at this point just farming items . 
  uk roaming trying to distract them , france hugging tower ( maginot line ) , but that wont save her , greece defending other tower but she just dies along with tower and china is on the other side of the map getting wrecked by japan.meanwhile usa is just farming items like crazy and giving some of them to the team . 
  fucking gankers man.put some wards next time poland . 
  greece does n't even appear . 
  would n't recommend being on crossroads of europe and asia .2 / 10 ( 1 for weather ,1 for food ,1 for way of life,-1 for lack of monies ), 
  doriath was pretty powerful while it existed . 
  oh shit.no need to inflate american ego more than it is . 
  yeah as are our stomachs if we drink it often . 
  what ? 
  i am going to attribute this to `` una faccia una razza '' . you get no victory !!!!!!!!!!, 
  frappe is pass\u00e8 . 
  seriously though greece is full of caf\u00e8s that sell these . 
  i need dis . 
  you are propably right , though my post isnt based on anything tolkien said.just having some fun . 
  hahaha.i guess it depends on the point of view . 
  hmm nice observation.didnt think of it . 
  seems likely . 
  so the scottish are wildlings or white walkers ? 
  i thought of that but i wanted to have turkey/mordor as my starting point and then move along the same directions as in middle-earth . obviously my decisions arent the best for all . 
  yeah i know , positioning isnt the best.my starting point was turkey/mordor and then i tried to out the rest in similar positions but the geography is too different . 
  you are welcome to look everything i wrote over and tell me your suggestions . 
   the white bull that fucked her ~ ~ over ~ ~ ftfy, 
  as in i know it well or i dont know what i am talking about ? 
  ps : read the edits . 
  so we are ithilien , turkey is mordor , italy is gondor , austria is rohan , liechtenstein is orthanc , germany is rhov\u00e4nion , france is eriador , poland and east of it is rh\u00fcn . 
  edit : the atlantic ocean is the sundering seas . 
  edit2 : iberia is/was doriath before beleriand sunk , switzerland is lorien , the alps are the white mountains ( between rohan and gondor ) , constantinople was minas ithil now its istanbul/minas morgul , brussels are rivendell ( where the desicions about the course of good are decided ) . 
  edit3 : the shire is england + wales , arnor is scotland , ireland is the last harbor.czechia is erebor , budapest is esgaroth , balaton is the long lake . 
  its behind a paywall , i cant read it : / . 
  you forget all the crime that accompanied prohibition and the war on drugs . 
  yes but is it working?honestly i dont know much about the prosecution of illegal drugs here in the eu.all i know is what the swiss did . they didnt go after users , the opened clinics that would provide clean , good quality heroin , while helping the addicted people fit well into society.that worked . 
  i may be wrong but the best way to eliminate harmful , addictive drugs is to lower the demand for them.the supply will follow suite . 
  yes but they havent made it illegal for someone to buy.making it expensive , limiting ads they all are really good measures . 
  as did alcohol consumption during prohibition ? 
  the most likely thing to happen will be a price raise . 
  that escalated fast . 
  yeah thats pretty much how i tried it.the fact that it ended up making me sick was lucky on my part.else i would be a smoker propably . 
  then why so many people are addicted to it ? 
  i get what you are saying but i really hate smoking.propably cause its so prevalent.its a disgusting habbit tbh . 
  yeah same as all the other drugs.you lower use not by criminalising them , but by educating people and helping them quit . 
  ask the millions of people who smoke , why they like it . 
  thats not how rascism works . 
  nope but making drugs illegal didnt solve anything.instead of being given the treatment they need addicts are persecuted.just look at how the swiss handled their own heroin addiction epidemic.with humanity not persecution.and it worked . 
  anyone who wastes time with all the other illegal yet widely used and abused drugs . 
  would be nice to be progressive about something for a change . 
  because making things illegal makes people stop using them.call usa and tell them the war on drugs is over!just make them illegal guys ... ... 
  yeah , unfortunately you cant blame others for people you elect . 
  we know this , in greece , all too well . 
  true , true.i was just attempting to make a '' joke '' with historical references ^ ^ . 
  the polish people cant catch a break . 
  they have a nice commonwealth they get partitioned . 
  the get their independence again , nazi 's invade them for clay.war ends and they get '' liberated '' for 40 years by the ussr . 
  they leave post cold war poland to go find their luck elsewhere , they get discriminated and beat by rascists . 
  come here ! together maybe we can into space !!!, 
  sure.but the '' joke '' is hard at work.do you know any equivalent for the ladies  ? 
  * hard * at work.hehe , i am a funny-man . 
  the `` brothers '' was towards his policemen colleagues not the thugs . 
  well after pokemon came no more soaps for me . 
  `` beat you '' . 
  thats where the politicians went wrong man.megali idea was about uniting greeks under greece.the political opponents of pm venizelos promised to stop the fighting if they were elected.based on that they won , but kept the war going and pushed into anatolia.thats where it went wrong.they should have stayed on the coast of asia minor where there were many greeks . 
  i understand you see it differently.to you we were invaders coming to take your homes.but greeks lived on that land for 3000 years.turkish people for 500-800 . 
  anyway , we lost , you won its in the past . 
  thats what the balkan countries and your country havent gotten yet.the western europeans fought and fought till after ww2 passed and they had enough.hence eu . 
  when are we here going to accept that we are more alike than different and stop holding on to old shit.maybe some say the balkans ( including turkey ) can mimic the west in this . 
  i checked the old programs of greek tv.i kid you not these arent even the half of them.just those i watched.dubbed over ofc.otherwise i would be speaking spanish/portuguese fluently . 
  persian wars.the strongest city-states banded together and defeated multiple persian invasions.king phillip united the greek cities by force then his son went on to conquer the persian empire.during the balkan wars we were united under prince constantine and pm el.venizelos and we doubled our country .2 nd world war all of us united behind the oxi of metaxas and managed to thrash one empire.only when germany entered the war we lost.the inhabitants of the greek islands banded together to give aid to the immigrants coming to their islands , despite that impacting their economies and livelihood . 
  my point in my other post was to provide a counterbalance to our usual infighting . 
  well greeks had been living in that region for ~ 3000 years.we just wanted to incorporate them in the greek state . 
  just [ read ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/greco-turkish_war_ ( 1919 -- 22 ) the summary . 
  wow this thread is full of bickering.everyone vs everyone.i never thought that independence would still be a hot topic in 21st century europe . 
  this map makes me * sad * . the history behind the yellow part clearly showed that infighting was and is our greatest weakness.the few times we were forced/cajoled into unity we achieved much . 
  yes but this is map depicting ethnicity in a country.usually maps such as this show one thing not several . 
  thanks for enlighting me . 
  i like how in a map that depicts ethnicity there are also muslims.wouldnt they belong in a religion showing map ? 
  come on man he is praying for them.isnt that enough ? 
  how many freaking maps can we handle ? 
  so many i am tired of it . 
  xd.sounds like a blast.but not for every single day . 
  the eu should make mandatory the cultural exchange between north and south.you teach us organisation and budget handling and we teach you how to be happy.everyone wins . 
  wtf bro.come spend some time here , dont kill yourself.i will teach you the ways of glenti.vodka isnt our thing but we have similar drinks with loads of alcohol . 
  til . 
  yeah similar for greek google.dunno where op found what he put on the list . 
  i hope thats an exaggeration . 
  i dont think so but ok . 
  yeah , no showing emotions halloween , sadly .
