  what is it with purges and dictatorships ? 
  what happened to firing someone ? 
  no you get purged.gl in the gulags, 
  i dont think you should take there charts seriously . 
  i wish i could say it feels good now that the tables have turned but no.regional locking for videos is stupid.no logic behind it : /, 
  yes indeed . there will be little charge as it will be passenger propelled . but you still pay for extra laguage.they use latest tech its only fair they get compensated !, 
  yeah for years the reasoning behind not returning them was we didnt have a proper museum . guess what stands under the acropolis . and its our best . just dont eat at the cafeteria . the amount of money they charge you would think we are trying to finance a new acropolis . ahhh where are the days of the delian league . taking money from the common treasury to build the parthenon . our proficiency in economics was evident even 2000 years ago . makes me proud !, 
  sure but i don t think you can claim the grounds elevation when calculating a building 's height, 
  hey thats cheating !!!!, 
  if thats how you wan na play i go up on mt. 
  olympus and build a shack . boom you lose !, 
  i swear guys its the girth that matters not the length . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  yeah i see you are well learned on this issue / s, 
  every country borrows bro . the trick is for the politicians to not be corrupt, 
  if i had to guess its because we have so many inhabited islands . and also some of those islands enjoy a lot of tourism . i looked up a catalogue of all the airports in greece and i was amazed.here is a link in english : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_airports_in_greece got to get those tourists to the beaches asap . how else can they turn red ? 
  yes brexit should become and official eu meme if it hasnt become already, 
  so i guess britain did us all a favour ? 
  i guess injuring yourself while trying something can dissuade others from it !, 
  so i guess britain did us all a favour ? 
  i guess injuring yourself while trying something can dissuade others from it !, 
  yeah it was that as well . but is also encapsulated the hatred byzantines felt after the 4th `` crusade '', 
  yeah so painfully accurate . after this happened the hatred for the west ( catholics ) was so great that around the time the ottomans besieged the city there was a saying that roughly translates to : the turkish turban is preferable to catholic tiara ( what the pope wears ) . 
  no surprise really . we have always left the metropolis ( meaning home city ) in search of new homes . especially in troubled times . 
  and especially our intellectuals and educated people . after i get my degree in chem . 
  i am out of here as well . 
  np . so was mind before i started looking into it.things like this reminds us why the eu despite its flaws is the way forward, 
  the great isnt meant to beglorious or positive . to me at least . it indicates the scope and the massive losses . another make for it is `` the war to end all wars '' imagine how much dread it inspired to make people think that wars would stop or would not exceed this ones magnitude . 
  yeah he is pretty good . 
  i watched their other hosts on '' it 's history '' but they arent as good, 
  spot on . i forgot :p, 
  yeah the sheer size of the carnage is a bit incomprehensible . 
  modern war :p, 
  there is a really great series on yt for the first world war a.k.a. 
  '' the great war '' . it releases episodes weekly following the events of the war as they happened 100 years ago . 
  just search for '' the great war '' . 
  yeah when did it ever go wrong ? 
  great powers were great for a reason . . the middle east is a paradise . 
  ( sykes-picot intensifies !!! ), 
  amazing !!, 
  oh shit let me change my flair flag before they think i am biased . 
  thanks oba ... britain . 
  thats what we call being an asshole . gj corrupt idiots, 
  tbh that would be that would be one of the least horrifying german children 's tales . 
  i have read them . 
  the punishment for naughty kids was always too much !, 
  death was the least !, 
  ps : i am not your buddy , friend !, 
  i have no idea if such thing exists . 
  but i dont know why it would . 
  yeah for a sec i thought something like that had happened when i saw the thumbnail with the greek flag next to the eu one.but i guess every time economics is mentioned there has to be a greece mention . 
  its like the greek economy is the cautionary tale for all other economies . 
  '' see what happened to the economy that lied ? 
  the debt monster ate him . '', 
  its good to see that the real estate market that have been dead for several years now is getting some love . thank you europeans !!, 
  . enjoy your time here !, 
  turkish politicians have a weird way of thinking . 
  its like saying '' look guys 1000 years ago christians were mean to us . and now they dare accuse us of being baddies . hypocrites '', 
  last time they caught mafia member with pizza . 
  since this is a higher ranked member was it with a whole italian meal ? 
  not really bro . 
  i have a few turkish friends and they all are really good and educated people . 
  all of them want to leave turkey or have done so . 
  they really hate erdogan . and i personally tend to make fun of your politicians intellectually '' questionable '' statements/desicions . 
  peace out, 
  i blamed noone i just responded to him . 
  read the whole thing before you type in your ignorant hate . 
  keep venting your rage on people you know little about ( from what it seems ) . i am done wasting time on some random angry person who wont employ his mental faculties to think, 
  come here bro . we got refugee camps . maybe germany will accept your asylum request . 
  believe what you will . its always easy to blame other people for your perceived misfortunes, 
  yeah buddy . nothing like a good ` ol scapegoat, 
  look at that face . are we in a movie ?? 
  he has `` bad guy face '' . i wan na punch him, 
  havent felt this shocked and sad since we sold our country to troika . a smaller win for idiots , a giant step backwards, 
  master gave dobbie coins . master pat dobbie on the head . 
  dobbie is happy . now only if master would stop choking dobbie ... 
  i dont think any celebrity can outshine the stupidity of certain turkish politicians . 
  well sometimes you have to fight fire with fire . 
  they did do the most in wwii ( as in casualties inflicted & sustained ), 
  i know . 
  i was just referring to a joke that some people confuse austria with australia . 
  loads of kangaroos up in the alps :p, 
  i know the ones you are talking about . 
  and yeah we need a lot more green spread out . its not by chance that '' \u03c4\u03c3\u03b9\u03bc\u03b5\u03bd\u03c4\u03bf\u03c5\u03c0\u03bf\u03bb\u03b7 '' ( cement city ) is/was a popular nickname for athens, 
  so i misread your misreading . 
  double whammy !, 
  i have to agree on the ugliness . a lot of apartment buildings are just grey and shitty looking . but they are rather old . i have noticed newer apartment buildings being more aesthetically pleasing i.e. 
  colourful , other shape than blocks, 
  isnt that what it says ? 
  it would be rather silly for austrians to come all the way from down under.australia on the other hand is much closer and in the eu . 
  if only it was just the one taxi driver . 
  yeah i think thats cause the balkan peninsula is `` younger '' than other parts of europe which are considerably flatter/smoother . 
  really strikes home how mountainous we are . 
  god damn nothing but mountains and sea . 
  ok thank you for reminding me . 
  i have some plans to make ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  ofc no orgies . its not the full moon yet !, 
  you get the satyr with the giant phallus !, 
  time to feel as we feel for last few years,
