then it 's safe to assume that german anger no , it 's not . 
  you have no clue about germany and you 're talking out off your ass . 
  even in case of some sort of `` economic crash '' ( which is highly unlikely ) , germany has neither the will nor the capability to attack anyone . 
  what the fuck are you even talking about ? 
  have you been living under a rock these last 70 years ? 
  talk about delusional . 
  you hear that ? 
  this faint constipated moan ? 
  it 's ukip getting more seats . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with them but i did n't feel like i needed to add anything . 
  the last sentence just struck me as very odd since you claimed the uk has to pay more because of us , which i strongly disagree with . 
  everyone agreed to this new method of calculation and some countries get a rebate , others have to pay more and the uk is the only one complaining . 
  or maybe the uk is expected to pay more because , i do n't know , your growing economy ? 
  and blaming us for for that is a new level of stupid . 
  that 's a good one haha . 
  ~ ~ still unemployment masterrace ~ ~, 
  suck it , austria !, 
  and that 's probably because europeans and americans have different definitions of what good service is . 
  that 's true , it 's at least something . 
  you said it . 
  the eu as a whole . 
  the eu does n't have an army ( sadly ) , therefore we need to talk about the individual memberstates . 
  yes , i was talking about germany specifically , as i personally see no need for france or the uk to increase spending , they already have an adequate army . 
  i think the nato members should be at the 2 % mark for spending , if they can afford to do so . 
  because germany definitely can . 
  one european army would be my ideal but that will probably take a while to achieve . 
  definitely . 
  our defence spending is ridiculously low and our army is in very poor shape . 
  there is a lot of work to be done in that department . 
  hm , i do n't actually know how popular she is in comparison to her predecessors but since we have 4 major parties in parliament , i guess it 's quite high . 
  could be wrong though . 
  she 's at ~ 40 % popularity currently . 
  exactly , people in all countries have completely different opinions on theses matters and you , as an american , should know that politicians can be totally detached from what the people actually want . 
  4ringcircus in a nutshell . 
  twisting the comment of someone who is not german to , once again , tell us what the german hivemind is thinking . 
  exactly . 
  i am tired of that bullshit stance our government has towards foreign and security policy and i want it to change as fast as possible but negative sentiments in - and outside of germany do n't exactly help . 
  so if we do n't take the lead , everyone calls for a strong germany that should lead the eu , but if we do take the lead , everyone says `` lol 4th reich , stop taking away our sovereignty and ruling us '' . 
  europe , you can only have one and you should decide which one it is . 
  it 's not like de maiziere was any better . 
  at least she wants to do something about it . 
  i do n't mean to sound like an ass but that 's easy to say when you do n't have a history stained by fascism and the extreme war guilt being pounded into your head for 70 years . 
  yes , i agree , we should be stronger , militarily , but germany is still hungover from ww2 . 
  people on this very sub told me that germany should not be allowed to have a strong military and i 'm pretty sure a lot of people in europe feel that way . 
  the stance of the german people on military has turned 180 degrees . 
  and i can assure you it will stay that way for at least another decade . 
  war guilt is so ingrained in germans that everything about the army is extremely unpopular and yet so many people in europe call for a strong german army . 
  that 's true , these rumors definitely exist , though i 'm not sure when she wants to quit national politics . 
  the rumors say before our next election in 2017 but we 'll see . 
  probably merkel . 
  she will stay in power until the old generation dies off and makes way for new ideas . 
  well there goes my fantasy of being able to understand a danish sentence . 
  `` das ist eine kriegserkl\u00e4rung '' is exactly the same in danish and in german it seems . 
  quite surprised . 
  i completely forgot those fuckers . 
  there are even some in the forest next to me . 
  not sure about norway but here in germany we i.e. 
  do n't have any bears . 
  we do have wolves though . 
  that 's the only dangerous animals i can think of right now that you could actually encounter . 
  that 's true , but even germany can not just do nothing if the other major powers within the eu want to enforce such hard sanctions . 
  it 's interesting to see that germany is the only one getting criticised for not just jumping into ukraine and gunning down seperatists . 
  look , i personally do n't like the way our government has been acting during this crisis and i want us to help ukraine * but * intervening based solely on ukraine saying it will join nato in the future is just stupid . 
  not all countries in eastern europe are our allies . 
  hate to be that guy , but we are not allied with ukraine in a military kind of way . 
  that 's what the mutual defense clauses in nato and the eu are for . 
  i can actually see this happen . 
  the calls for a unified european army are getting stronger and if this happens , a security alliance in europe without the us is n't so farfetched . 
  but it seems like putin did n't consider the possibility that this alliance would be created to defend us * against * russia , not together * with * russia . 
  i agree . 
  austerity worked in germany , that does n't mean it works in greece or portugal . 
  yeah , it definitely is a shame that lingering sentiments prevent us from going forward , but i think in a few decades it will be better . 
  it 's hopefully just a matter of time until we get over hitler and we can finally start helping our allies . 
  i have n't actually compared the numbers of our shrinking population and immigration but i do know that there 's actually a huge number of immigrants coming here every year . 
  how that mass immigration will play out we shall see , but hey , it 's clearly better than going extinct lol . 
  anyway , that 's it from me . 
  it 's 5am and i 'm tired . 
  i 'll give you a brief lesson of german demographics : like many western countries , germany has an aging population . 
  even to the extent that the biggest social group in germany is old people . 
  old people , that lived through ww2 and the cold war . 
  they have either seen some horrors of war or it 's been pounded in their head that german soldiers are evil and we should be ashamed of hitler and all that jam . 
  now , guess what demographic group merkels voter mostly come from . 
  exactly . 
  it 's either people in pension or the ones shortly before that . 
  so not only are their views on modern politics extremely outdated , they are also excessively anti-war . 
  why do you think germany has such an immense fear of inflation ? 
  i could n't care less about a bit of inflation if it helps the continent but the guy who is 80 years old and has heard the horrors of post-ww1 germany wo n't touch inflation with a 10m stick . 
  i would love it if we got involved militarily but i guess i 'm kind of a minority . 
  well , what can i say . 
  i do n't like it either but i guess time will solve that at some point . 
  the south , mostly , they like to be dramatic , but i ca n't really blame them , you know , austerity and all that . 
  i hardly listen to those kind but still , reading such statements is unsettling . 
  many people are , understandably , not very happy with germany 's leading role ( including many germans ) and propping up our army would only strengthen our position . 
  i know this must sound really stupid to someone who is not from europe but ww2 is still a very big reason why people oppose more military action from us . 
  there are even people ( hope it 's a minority though ) that genuinely think the fourth reich is on our doorstep . 
  well , i would not literally die for it but i guess you catch my meaning . 
  other than that , i agree 100 % . 
  i 'm not much of an interventionist but often , simply having a strong military does the trick just as well . 
  not sure how that matter will be handled in the next few years , but the current german minister of defense wants more military involvement from germany and she sadly gets a lot of shit thrown at her for that . 
  and , as others in this thread mentioned , the idea of germany increasing military spending is not a very popular idea in western europe ( probably quite the opposite in the east ) .
