  yeah , i also want a europe that is militarily independent from the us . 
  nato how it is now just limits both sides of the atlantic . 
  it 's 2014 and the world should act like it . 
  i sometimes seriously play with that idea , how i would change the country lol . 
  i 'm not too dissatisfied with what merkel did inside of germany ( there is room for improvement though ) , but our foreign and defense policy is atrocious and i would die to change it . 
  i want germany to act like a european power with european interests . 
  i just can not see how maintaining relations with russia at the cost of east europe is worth it . 
  i do think further european integration would help though . 
  an unified defense and foreign policy , in my opinion , is key to show that russia ca n't just fuck around with europe and get away with it . 
  sure , the german economy would suffer a bit from bad relations with russia , but you know what ? 
  it will suffer even more if we fuck over our allies and neighbours ( and i btw think that we have some sort of obligation to side with european countries over anyone else , y' know , solidarity and shit ) . 
  the current sanctions are a joke and if merkel actually gave a fuck about everything between warsaw and moscow ( because i definitely do ) , the sanctions would be much harsher . 
  i appreciate that we do n't advocate a military solution to the whole crisis , but a clear line has to be drawn at some point . 
  if putin is n't supposed to lose face , then maybe he should not invade and annex sovereign countries . 
  ukraine needs help . 
  ukrainians have shown that they want to be european , this is what started this whole mess . 
  stabilisation of the eastern part of the country takes top priority . 
  you know that military deal germany had with russia about a training base that got called of after mh17 ? 
  yeah , we should offer that deal to ukraine , with a discount of course . 
  other than that , the usual kind of help , like , monetary or humanitarian aid should go towars ukraine asap . 
  i also think this is the perfect moment to reduce dependency on russian gas , whether its the expansion of the green-energy sector , finding other countries that would sell gas to us or the diversification of source-countries . 
  and if putin will be mad about us not buying his filthy gas anymore , well , then go fuck yourself , vlad . 
  edit : thanks for the gold , reddit !, 
  yeah , that guy . 
  yeah , that seems really familiar to our story . 
  one of my grandfather 's brothers ended up in the british zone of germany after ww2 . 
  only later the rest of us came along . 
  nope . 
  my family settled over there in the 18th century along with catherine the great . 
  we came back in 1991 . 
  i do n't know anyone who does n't know pippi langstrumpf . 
  lindgren is also pretty famous around here . 
  it really is funny . 
  my grandfather lives in kazakhstan and whenever my mother talks to him , he always if we 're alright and stuff because he often sees in the news that europe is going down the toilet and civil war and poverty everywhere . 
  news in those countries really is strange . 
  yep , that 's how it is . 
  if i had been baptized , i would have have canceled it by though . 
  i do think the bayern are a bit strange compared to the rest of us , but i still kinda like them . 
  you could argue that austrians and germans have a lot of similarities and i mean , in the past they kinda belonged together but that is not true for all other countries mentioned . 
  you say these lands are ours by right or blood or whatever but even if that is true ( it is n't ) , who cares ? 
  the romans conquered a huge part of europe , does that mean these lands are italian by right ? 
  oh , poland and russia are slavic , not germanic , so even by your logic they are not ours, 
  i agree with you but i also have to say that many germans do not want germany to lead europe , politically or militarily . 
  i , personally , want us to take action but there are a lot of people that do n't share my opinion and are very uncomfortable with germany 's dominant role in europe . 
  taking `` hostile '' actions against other countries is something germans want to avoid , whether that includes soldiers or sanctions . 
  i do n't care much for historic ties with russia , because they are , as their name implies , historic . 
  but you have to understand that the biggest social group in germany are old people . 
  old conservative people , who lived through the cold war and some through ww2 , so the willingness to participate in this conflict is very limited . 
  very good comment , and you 're right , of course this deal is not optimal for ukraine , let alone the west , but is there a viable alternative ? 
  if there is one , i 'd love to hear it . 
  the article already said it : * the german peace plan is still on the table and the only deal around * . 
  i 'm not very fond of this deal either but we need to be realistic and if anyone else has a better idea what to do i 'm all ears . 
  if you judge countries by what they did during wars in the past , you will hate most countries on this planet . 
  why did you think i would ? 
  i have nothing against portugal and its people . 
  i never said we work more than you . 
  i only said we work a lot , i never compared us to portugal . 
  but yeah , put more distance between you and your biggest trading partners . 
  great idea !, 
  i 'm sure this will help your economic situation . 
  oh , and i wo n't let you stop me from visiting portugal if i want to go there . 
  if you want to leave , that 's your problem , not ours . 
  it 's the same with the uk , if they want to leave , let them . 
  it 's their choice , i do n't have the right to tell them to stay . 
  and i 'm not really sure what you mean by ethnocentric undertones , germans are known for working a lot and ultimately , w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk leads to money which leads to wealth ( that 's overly simplified of course , for the sake of the discussion ) . 
  and you do n't really have to identify yourself with germans , after all you 're portuguese , not german . 
  i do n't identify with portugal either , why should i ? 
  and lastly : what party are you talking about ? 
  the more you know . 
  i thought vettel is german ? 
  i see , my bad . 
  thanks for explaining your point . 
  germany has enough problems to spend their money on , your young mothers are your problem, 
  nestle in eu countries still has to follow eu laws . 
  yes , that 's true , she gets enough vacation time , though i 'm not sure how much vacation she actually gets and she can not even be fired since she suffers from rheumatism . 
  but anyway , many companies are assholes and treat their workers like shit but at least the law protects them from being exploited . 
  yeah , there cases like that . 
  i 've often heard that nestle is a greedy prick and my expectations of them are pretty low concerning humane treatment of employees or pretty much anyone . 
  my mother 's case is quite similar : she works for k\u00fchne + nagel , a huge logistics company with a revenue of more than 20bn euros . 
  she has worked there for almost 20 years and the company does not give two shits about her , or any of their employees . 
  of course . 
  i 'm just trying to say that it is possible to get world-class healthcare in the eu just as much as in the us and calling eu healthcare shitty compared to the american counterpart is just silly . 
  not in terms of healthcare, 
  yeah , i think so too , i want us to finally do * something * but i somehow have the feeling that merkel wo n't do much in spite of this tragedy . 
  but then again , i can only speak for myself and i have actually no idea how the rest of germany wants to react to this . 
  it 's hard not to be outraged by russian rebels that shoot down planes with hundreds of * our * citizens and that we maintain our relationship with a neighbouring superpower that annexes parts of countries and supports the destabilization of eastern europe , which , ultimately lead to the deaths of not only ukrainians but our people as well . 
  i agree with you completely but if you get told your military is evil and you must n't get involved in foreign conflicts for 70 years you will start to believe it . 
  i do n't think i need to tell you how big the outrage is when germany starts taking military actions anywhere in the world . 
  you know , i am a young and progressive pro-europe german and i want us to take military responsibility together with other european nations . 
  i want us to stand up to putin but when i think about our army getting deployed in other countries , even i get a strange feeling in my gut . 
  i doubt us using our military will erupt in some sort of fourth reich but i am still not very comfortable with the idea . 
  again , i am young , liberal and progressive and i have these kinds of doubts , now imagine how a german feels , who lived through some of the cold war and who got the message that we 're evil bastards and our ancestors are the evil most individuals of human history permanently shoved down their throat . 
  germans are not fond of the idea of taking the lead `` warfare '' , whether it 's militarily or economically . 
  i think we have to do it , whether we like it or not , but i 'm not very pleased by the idea . 
  edit : forgot a word, 
  yes , in fact , i do . 
  i stumbled upon that subreddit and found that term very funny . 
  i know that sounds somewhat stupid but it 's not like completely false . 
  of course i 'm not saying that most americans do that , but some certainly do . 
  i 've been told countless times how someone is `` german american '' and therefore thinks he anything about the country and its people .
