replies to / u/carl _ schultz 's comment demonstrate discussion is next to impossible if you 're a troll . 
  is n't that supposed to be antonis samaras ? 
  how is trade surplus a choice ? 
  ( this is a serious question ), 
  i 've never seen a title like that . 
  it 's not about the content , it about the title , which by the way , does a relatively poor job of describing the article . 
  it 's just sensational . 
  ca n't greece do reforms on their own ? 
  with the recent blame game going on , it 's only understandable that an article with the title of `` germany 's destructive anger '' is getting downvoted . 
  gema is not a government agency . 
  so besides , this being a quite obvious joke , aircraft carriers are almost solely used to attack . 
  also germany spends enough on defence for a country that : * does not want to get involved militarily anyways * is surrounded by allies * ( is backed by america ), 
  would n't be too sure about that . 
  thankfully we 've got america to help us out in any case . 
  i do n't know , i also ca n't be bothered . 
  i feel pretty free here . 
  america on the other hand has the resources to spread freedom , like nukes and aircraft carriers . 
  denial does not solve problems . 
  if you think america should stand for freedom , america should act like it . 
  it had to be done ... 
  that 's exactly the way to go . 
  showing determination to speak the language , is most important . 
  people often use german greetings , openers etc. 
  and then proceed to speak english . 
  i would n't assume that someone coming up to me having a strong english/american accent , is a language learner , but probably a tourist being considerate by learning a few words of german . 
  which makes sense , no one would attack nato though the us or canada . 
  nukes were used though , yes i know not in europe , and the overall situation was different , but still ... 
  i think for longer trips people whould use a eurorail ticket , i 've never really looked into it , but i guess in this case it would be cheaper than flying . 
  niederlande and holland in german . 
  while i would refer to the country as niederlande , i still call it 's people holl\u00e4nder , niederl\u00e4nder just sounds so wrong ... 
  yes , please do it . 
  do n't give me that `` everyone else is doing it as well '' , road tolls are horrible and it does n't make it any better , that other do it too . 
  yep , sadly there are no germanic refugee , \u00fcbermensch much, 
  i do agree , however , if that includes putting refugees from outside slavic states at a disadvantage , i do n't think it 's a good idea . 
  ( taking that refugees actually face tough conditions in their home countries . ), 
  i was in fact talking about the ec president . 
  who is not elected by the parliament , as in a system that you described , but proposed by the european counsil and approved of by the european parliament , which is a huge difference ( at least in my opinion ), 
  read up on the bundesrat , because i have the impression that you are mixing something up here . 
  practically yes , but the president must still be proposed by the european council , which should respect the people vote , but does not really have to . 
  of course it practically is , but the president still needs to be proposed by the european council , which although it should respect the vote of the people does not really have to . 
  sadly no one has shown any initiative , to make the president to actually be elected by the citizens . 
  well they are talking about the eurozone , which does not really affect britain , also how is proposing something undemoctatic ? 
  laws and treaties do n't appear out of thin air , and as i understand it they are putting it to discussion on a summit next month . 
  maybe britain should also find some buddies in europe to push their proposals . 
  i 'm not even mad , tough i obviously do n't know her , and it might be due to nervousness or whatever , that girl acted like a fucking bitch, 
  oh , the horror ... 
  i think no one expected that eu citizens were allowed to vote on the referendum , it really rather impresses me that irish citizens living in the uk are allowed to vote . 
  i can understand the cultural ties , and also the dependency of ireland on the uk , but what legal background is there to include them and exclude others ? 
  i do n't know what i expected ... 
  i do n't think that it is a fair system , of course it would be fair for the countries , but think of the people here . 
  how is it even going to work ? 
  simply assign the people to a country ? 
  are their preferences taken into account ? 
  this really like deportation works , and i thought we were beyond that . 
  now , let 's say that institutions taking in immigrants where to be financed or co-financed by the eu , at least the financial burden would be non-existent or reduces for the countries aside from the share they pay . 
  immigrants can go wherever they want to , and countries that do n't take in immigrants will pay their share while not having to worry about them . 
  nice , but how do you get a laptop with a fucking built in id-card reader ? 
  maybe people who resolve anger with aggression should n't be policemen . 
  i 've ( obviously ) been angry often in my life , and i 've still managed to never hurt anyone seriously . 
  wait , is n't sweden a neutral country ? 
  sadly police brutality happens everywhere , some ( a lot of ) people ca n't handle power . 
  exactly what i 'm trying to say . 
  people were probably not asked to be part of that empire , it 's quite clear that if the will of the people did n't count things would be easier . 
  that 's true , maybe things will change faster than i expect . 
  oh sorry , i have to correct myself , the common language would obviously be german ... 
  i 'm sure you can still argee, 
  you 're god damn right !, 
  people can work and travel across the eu as if is was one country ... 
  i do n't know wether i did n't point this out enough , but i 'm not for a forced common language , rather a equal amount of local and common language . 
  now wether your job is in the common or local language really depends on your employer , it 's a free country , is n't it ? 
  the problem is , with a decision that is as important as deciding whether you want your country to join a united europe , i would like to see a huge majority like 65 % , i know that 's not how politics work , but i just kind of feel that there would be a lot of problems arising otherwise . 
  in works that are made in collaboration of different nationals , i think it 's ok , and only logical . 
  in any other case i would prefer that nations language . 
  i think the early us is a very poor example of the stage europe is at right now , read up on the holy roman empire , the overall structure was quite similar . 
  this should also teach us that a halfway approach is in a way even worse than not uniting at all . 
  most people probably do n't know shit about what any treaty consists of . 
  then you just need this one politician who 's telling everyone how this treaty is literally the devil . 
  it 's clear that those countries would need an opt-out in that regard ( oh how i 'm hating that word ), 
  it just is n't efficient enough , every country is just seeking for advantages for itself , there 's hardly any politician who 's `` thinking european '', 
  yes , if it is supposed to work . 
  i do n't think that this common language should replace existing languages , though . 
  that 's a good point , i still feel like it would be a different story in europe , at least those german speaking americans could all agree that they are american . 
  not a major roadblock , but definitely hindering the whole process . 
  thing is , a country that is not united through it 's common culture would be too fragile to persist in my opinion . 
  interchange in that regard happend before , and was basically forgotten about after a few generations . 
  we 'll have to see how it plays out in the light of a closer union , of course . 
  no doubt , europe is less diverse than india . 
  but that 's kind of the problem , european countries are just too big to justify a political union for many . 
  language plays the biggest role in creating and preserving culture , because most of it is based mainly on language ( music , poetry etc. ) . 
  a common language or dialect/accent tends to overcome political affiliation . 
  for example , most bavarians would say that they are more connected to austrians than , lets say , people from northern germany . 
  so the language barrier is the biggest problem , most people would simply choose to rather interact with people of their cultural group because it 's less of a hassle . 
  thus breaking down inter-cultural exchange , and the creation of a common culture . 
  this seem like the perfect solution , do n't expect me back soon , i 'm enlisting, 
  haha , now that explains it, 
  then why am i seeing wind turbines spawning all around bavaria ? 
  even worse , it would probably run on non-european beer in those instances ... the horror ... 
  the name aside , germany 's recent drone issues tells me that 2 year of study wo n't yield any useful result . 
  great , now lets all forget that they also spied on france and the eu commission . 
  you do n't spy on your friends right ?!,
