  what did we learn from the german iranian kid who was bullied and wanted to belong but eventually cracked and deliberately gunned down arab and turkish classmates ? 
  ethnicity is not a blank canvas at the school level either . 
  what is it with germans and this belligerent na\u00efvet\u00e9 ? 
  is there no moderation or commonsense to be had ?? 
  if it 's in the national interest of greece and supported by its people , yes sure . 
  my own pet theory is that hormonal birth control switches off the instinctive drive to want to have babies . 
  but yeah , having a baby makes you completely dependent for a while and it 's also hard to relinquish psychological control and order and financial independence for motherhood if you 've had this as ` normal ' as an adult for 15-20 years . 
  you 're making racism a meaningless word by using it that way . 
  true , there are variations , and yet it does not make it more greek . 
  what do you think they 'll get prosecuted for first : homeschooling or not having a valid visa ? 
  let me follow the logic here : illegal migrants in greece should selectively adhere to greek law by not homeschooling their children while they ca n't attend school in syria thereby complying with greek education law and that of germany 's . 
  genius . 
  so , the asylum seeker parents want something from the greeks that their own society did not provide to them and therefore they can not pass onto their own children . 
  i still do n't see why this is a greek responsibility . 
  just roughly there are 27 countries where arabic is the majority language , where these kids could fit into school better , while there are two countries in which greek is the majority language . 
  i 'm sure there 's a logistics problem here somewhere ... 
  is n't it soft bigotry to assume these people ca n't raise their own children or organise themselves with some material support ? 
  why ca n't asylum seeker parents be given supplies so they can home school their kids or organise into small groups to do so ? 
  i do n't see why greek people suddenly need to make changes or assume responsibility for another society 's offspring . 
  pro-family policies have been tried in many countries and no-one yet has worked out how to target/support those women who choose not to have children or too few . 
  they are usually successful , educated women who marry later , if at all , and have their first baby after 35 . 
  i imagine they either run out of time to find the right partner and establish themselves in their career and make a home and do n't have intergenerational support for child raising . 
  i would offer over 40s women everything they need to have the one or two babies they did n't have earlier and high quality work based childcare that 's tax free or free . 
  that would involve a better teaching of history !, 
  is n't this a nihilistic position , that we have no duty to the past or the future ? 
  if such a responsibility exists , then how are its duties spread across a group ? 
  that is obviously a good thing , however i ca n't see the increase in tfr is linked to family policy . 
  the largest gains to the french tfr were analysed when france 's fertility rate hit a 30 year high in 2006 and it was found that the largest gains were due to binational couples : `` foreign fathers rose by an estimated 5,930 ( 8 ) , or one - fth ( 20 % ) of the total increase . 
  the largest gains ( 11,670 ) concern births to binational couples is closely linked to the substantial share of family immigration , particularly that of spouses , and to the recent increase in binational marriages . '', 
  that study does not consider ethnicity , the classification is based on citizenship . 
  is there a more recent study that you base your view on ? 
  not being anti choice or anything like that , but no-one actually knows how to get people to form families or bigger families aside from the following ways which are generally not liked : religious imperative existential threat nationalism reduce access to contraception reduce access to education introduce poverty subjagate women, 
  no nest , no eggs . 
  you 'll need to explain that to me as a post 1990s migrant to germany . 
  i meant the same as what 's happened in london . 
  whiteflight will repopulate the east . 
  i was joking . 
  she gave her kids french names . 
  although irene does sound australian . 
  societal expectations and orderly procreation of 1-2 children after 30 following tertiary education , marriage and/or joint mortgage . 
  non hormonal alternatives as you say . 
  this is what we were told over and over again . 
  lucky , lucky women with contraception who did n't need husbands or children and could do any job we liked . 
  not to mention how much the pill interferes with mate selection and sexual highs ( impossible ) . 
  so happy . 
  this is a facts , logic and reason free space is n't it ? 
  who said i was christian ? 
  btw only muslims think allah is the same god and muslim jesus is same as the jesus christians follow . 
  again , you 're full of muslim apologetics . 
  tell me all about those rights again , i love hearing about those . 
  it does sound like provoking a situation in order to go on legal jihad and dominate someone who criticizes islam . 
  i 'd fine them both . 
  what you are asserting is your intellectual frailty . 
  you 'd like free speech and the scrutiny of religion forbidden and out of europe in the name of `` equal freedom and rights '' . 
  you seem to be supporting islamic blasphemy laws . 
  you do not assert the superiority of western values . 
  personally asking someone , me , to leave europe is in actual fact intolerance , the words of a fascist . 
  i do n't argue for the roman use of christianity as a political tool . 
  what are the hideous words of jesus christ ? 
  melanesians are not indonesians for a start . 
  i suggest you look up how well west papua is doing nowadays too . 
  half a million dead papuans . 
  and you might wan na update your definition of extremist . 
  your definition seems to include those who do not share your self abasement . 
  i love the way you question my presence in europe straight off - there 's that double standard , the flipside of the bigotry of low expectations . 
  you think abandoning a dutch speaking , christian people like west timor was a good thing ? 
  it 's worked out so well for christian east timor too . 
  not !!, 
  and the australians who were killed by islamic terrorists in bali in 2002 as revenge for australia supporting its [ liberation from islamic claims . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2002_bali_bombings ) reading stuff like this from europeans makes me despair . 
  you sound like a muslim apologist explaining christianity , you do n't even understand your own cultural inheritance . 
  look up the ` new covenant ' . 
  you realise that secularism comes from christianity ? 
  `` then jesus said to them , `` give back to caesar what is caesar 's and to god what is god 's . '', 
  and they were amazed at him . '', 
  mark 12:17 what about non violence and not fighting to establish exclusive christian countries ? 
  `` jesus answered , `` my kingdom is not of this world . 
  if my kingdom were of this world , my servants would have been fighting , that i might not be delivered over to the jews . 
  but my kingdom is not from the world . '' john 18:36, 
  fortunately , i did n't spend my formative years being brainwashed about my nazi dna and colonial white oppressive nature because i 'm australian and have an ancestry of exile and cultural dispossession . 
  talk to someone else about their grandparents and great grandparents because your guilt trips wo n't work on me . 
  the problem of islam is contained in the ideas and the example within the scripture . 
  well , here are your choices : ( 1 ) refuse to stubbornly change anything in spite of all the evidence and usher in a militarised , surveillance state while your cities are taken over by sharia law demanding fanatics anyway via reproduction and illegal immigration or ( 2 ) refuse islam in all respects and enforce it . 
  cancel their visas while they 're offshore . 
  people know what they are doing is wrong . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/xmbjuc_w2d8 ), 
  an anti-islam dutch political party in a policy release last month committed to closing mosques and islamic schools , securing borders , banning the koran , closing asylum seeker centers , banning muslim migrants and forbidding women from wearing headscarves . 
  can anyone [ read the rest ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/geertwilderspvv/status/768854382834311168 ) to see if there 's anything on ghettos ? 
  the borders were n't secured , the consequences are now set in train . 
  in spite of the clear message from german voters , there will be no policy change or change in the [ ruling political class . 
  ] ( http://m.dw.com/en/merkel-undeterred-on-refugee-policy-says-aide/a-19531381 ) i agree that less people in germany would have been great . 
  the most politically betrayed german i know is a fellow mother from kindergarten who is bitter about not having the number of children she wanted because she believed the german environment needed saving . 
  she says that was the political project of generation x. 
  that 's a huge personal sacrifice she and her husband made - and perhaps that generation too . 
  you are missing the point . 
  count the number of migrants , their gender and age and when they will have their first child and with whom . 
  you will find that when you compare the number of young german men with the number of young migrant men that arrived in the last few years that the % is way more than 1,5 % . 
  you need to compare the same groups within the population . 
  young german men are going to be outnumbered . 
  yes , ca n't argue with the maths .
