  i 'm not joking . 
  it is a legitimate question and should be planned for . 
  people vote with their feet . 
  look at whiteflight out of london . 
  look at jewish flight from sweden and france . 
  by having border controls like normal countries . 
  have you read the bible ? 
  you can take everything that jesus christ said literally without causing any violence or problems . 
  a pr firm was working the media on the night , that 's a bit odd is n't it ? 
  an ambushed government with outsourced strategic media management . 
  [ hmmmm . 
  ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/benjaminnorton/status/754120500733935616 ), 
  i agree with you , but i would also be the first to say ` please offer refuge to those captured young turkish soldiers ' . 
  this is the paradox we need to address or rather manage via social policy and immigration policy and massive efforts in intelligence and law enforcement . 
  we do n't throw the baby out with the bath water . 
  we do n't need to tolerate islam anymore than we need to tolerate nazism or any other set of regressive ideas . 
  ideas like words are not people . 
  perhaps no need for judges if one is implementing shariah law, 
  is n't it a mistake to keep framing this as a possible repeat of the 1930s and saying muslims or islamists are the new jews ? 
  nazi germany did not emerge in response to the random reinforcement of increasingly present predatory mass killings and mayhem . 
  there were no jewish terrorists in germany . 
  surely this clouds everyone 's thinking to be stuck in this one place in history ? 
  sorry , i seem to have given you an allergic reaction . 
  today is possibly not the best day for wondering out loud about this stuff . 
  i am looking for answers like anyone else who can not abide by this killing and mayhem . 
  who was n't honest ? 
  today i 'd say everyone save christopher hitchens . 
  i 've started reading some of this stuff and it is worse than i expected , for example : `` the prophet said , `` by him in whose hands my life is !, 
  were it not for some men amongst the believers who dislike to be left behind me and whom i can not provide with means of conveyance , i would certainly never remain behind any sariya ' ( army-unit ) setting out in allah 's cause . 
  by him in whose hands my life is !, 
  [ i would love to be martyred in allah 's cause and then get resurrected and then get martyred , and then get resurrected again and then get martyred and then get resurrected again and then get martyred . 
  '' ] ( http://sunnah.com/bukhari/56 ) that reads like some people have n't been honest with us . 
  that would be any non islamic country . 
  that brings us full circle . 
  what 's worth standing up for or fighting for ? 
  is there any sort of life not worth living ? 
  there 's a lot of evidence in the world at the moment of people fighting for abstract notions as well as for their lives , property , livelihoods as well as power , territory and wealth . 
  your thinking presumes an infinite western civilisation to seek refuge in whereas europeans now represent 11 % of world population and decreasing . 
  some syrians and others can only flee because there is somewhere to flee to - in fact , most of them are staying put , fighting and being internally displaced or spilling over into bordering territories where permitted . 
  does your concept of home extend past the front door ( private property ) to the infrastructure that heats and waters it ? 
  or to your route to work and the shops and the farms that supply them ? 
  or is your definition the nuclear family and private property ? 
  do you extend any obligations or intergenerational responsibilty to the weak like grandparents or sidewards to extended family like your siblings and their kids or your cousins ? 
  work colleagues or neighbours i.e. 
  those you share most of your time and space with ? 
  i do n't have right or wrong position here , but there is a logical problem/inconsistency with limiting our empathy and identity to our immediate family and then casually including huge numbers of total strangers like war refugees when it 's right wing or nationalistic to care about the family in the next street or the underemployed and so on . 
  your thoughts ? 
  just a thought : how much french territory has been lost already if you define that lost territory as no-go areas for law enforcement and non-muslims ? 
  places where there is effectively no french law or long established french families . 
  another thought : what if the source of radicalisation is simply reading islamic scripture alone ( without any commentary or guidance ) ? 
  i say that because i 've been reading some of it this week and it 's not ambiguous . 
  you have n't got kids . 
  you believe you 're an individual because you 've always lived in western post industrial civilisation and affluence . 
  try subsistence agriculture as an individual , try having a few babies as an individual . 
  if you think the older generation had a duty to us then what is your duty to those who come after you ? 
  it 's a tribute or tax on non-muslims . 
  qur ' an 9:29 -- fight those who believe not in allah nor the last day , nor hold that forbidden which hath been forbidden by allah and his messenger , nor acknowledge the religion of truth , from among the people of the book , until they pay the jizyah with willing submission , and feel themselves subdued . 
  are you really saying that there are nazis around here somewhere and that there are enough of them to have formed couples and families and they have been identified and counted and this dataset is being used by this politician to compare subgroup fertility rates ? 
  i think the german left has a supply and demand problem and needs to make this shit up . 
  [ what do you think this other german politician could mean when she says she welcomes germans being a minority in german cities ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/1lbrqcdrtuq ) why is there no policy to reverse this offered ? 
  what is `` supercultural '' ? 
  why would that be a good thing ? 
  [ demographic winter ] ( https://youtu.be/jxud8e-qbyi ) ? 
  there are multiple versions of this clip in full and in part and each is followed by hundreds of comments in german by offended germans who heard it the same way as i did . 
  there is also a parody translation to demonstrate the vile nature of the message . 
  his views are extreme . 
  he is talking about nazis in the present tense , not the nazi period during which the german birth rate increased after 1933 . 
  why do you think this assumption is incorrect ? 
  actual facts and data are hard to come by in germany . 
  look at this , table 8.1 [ fertility by country of birth for australia ] ( http://www.ausstats.abs.gov.au/ausstats/subscriber.nsf/0/7e47f03ba0b0e754ca257aa1001285a2/$file/33010do008_2011.xls ) . 
  some migrant groups have a much higher fertility rate than others , pakistan is 3.49 , syria 3.72 , lebanon 3.8 , iraq 3.33 , turkey 1.95 , australian born 1.94 . 
  moving to australia improves the fertility rate of western europeans to 1.76 . 
  edit : there are few things that increase the birth rate : patriarchal subjagation of women , conflict between groups and war . 
  hans rosling correctly states that war increases birth rates and population density . 
  this counter-intuitive fact is mostly ignored . 
  think of the youth bulge in kosovo and the fact that this society has the highest fertility rate in europe and the youngest population . 
  then think of israel , the highest fertility rate in the oecd at 3.04 . 
  then think of france . 
  the national birth rate of france , after dropping for a time , began to rebound in the 1990s . 
  this is correlated with what other changes ? 
  family friendly policies ? 
  [ no , sorry . 
  ] ( http://dkerr.kingsfaculty.ca/dkerr/assets/reading23.pdf ) what about immigration and deteriorating internal security ? 
  this [ german politician ] ( https://youtu.be/epl9euchkyw ) says it is fortunate germans are n't good at producing offspring and advocates population replacement by mass migration . 
  these are new definitions for new political thought , activity and groups . 
  this reflects real change in society and how we are all responding to the forces of globalisation - economic restructuring , technological change and the impact of mass immigration . 
  obviously , there are going to be new political positions and new words to describe them . 
  if you narrow it down/dismiss it to what i assume is [ the following ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/frankfurt_school#cultural_marxism_conspiracy_theory ) you miss a whole lot of exciting developments which are quite real : `` since the 1990s the term has been hijacked as part of an ongoing culture war and has come to refer to a conspiracy theory which regards the frankfurt school as the origin of a contemporary movement in the political left to take over and destroy western society . '', 
  obviously , these things become clearer as time goes on , but it would be foolish to say our language will remain rigid and set by the political realities of last century . 
  the brexit result has provided a crystallisation of what constitutes the leftist position outside of an outdated party narrative and its opposition to another outdated party narrative . 
  the working class was n't represented or led by the labour party because of leftist values as distinct from left wing values . 
  leftist is a successor word for blairite , new labour , third way and many others . 
  must have nailed it . 
  shall we do rightist now ? 
  i 'll have a go for you . 
  i think it means cultural marxist or moral relativist and ` social justice warrior ' and that includes people who are also described as feminised men , some types of third wave feminists , and associated with victim/identity/minority rights politics . 
  they are described as intolerant , anti-democratic and during the [ brexit debate ] ( http://www.spiked-online.com/newsite/article/leftists-for-the-eu-the-radical-wing-of-the-oligarchy/18263#.v4lxx_rxenm ) as the radical wing of technocracy . 
  so , if you can imagine the left-wing and then take away the interest in working class and last century 's trade union movement and everyone in the bottom 30 % of the income distribution if they do n't have an additional ` specialisation ' to their poverty . 
  perhaps also exclude homosexual men and jewish people .
