  why are n't european young men dropping on one knee and marrying their girlfriends and solving this problem themselves with more babies at a younger age ? 
  with politicians like merkel this is the most counter cultural thing one can do . 
  anecdotally there are so many women who complain about not finding husbands and biological clocks ticking loudly . 
  maybe victims of third wave feminism . 
  why are they busy selling assets then ? 
  https://www.immobilienscout24.de/expose/87558458 small chunks of db assets in eastern germany were sold in an auction last week . 
  i catch the train with my youngest child in a pram and sometimes i 've been stuck on a platform in the hot weather without a loo , any shade or place to sit , no bubblers or tap and some stations do n't have ramps - a pram or wheelchair needs to be dragged up stairs . 
  see pages 54 & 55 of this auction catalogue : https://www.sga-ag.de/f-download-d-auctioncatalogue.html?id=49, 
  yes . 
  god bless jamie oliver for his efforts in this area . 
  poor food choices encourage the proliferation of the bad type of gut flora and this sometimes begins in childhood . 
  the problem once established is difficult to reverse and perpetuates itself . 
  the problem is class related . 
  it means a person could be set up from childhood and then judged and excluded from treatment as if there is a moral dimension to it . 
  it is much more complicated than early tobacco addiction . 
  yes , true , but some sugars are worse than others . 
  it 's harder to get fat on cane sugar . 
  sugar in the form of corn syrup and some others is [ very bad . 
  ] ( http://www.nature.com/nature/journal/v482/n7383/full/482027a.html%3fwt.ec_id%3dnatur ), 
  well , right now you have to be a fucking scientist to understand some food labels and the consequences of some diets and food combinations . 
  i 'm pretty keen on getting my value out of publicly funded science and paying them some more . 
  yeah , the amount of cigarette smoking ( and open advertising ) in germany is weird . 
  teenagers smoking during school hours is also allowed or tolerated . 
  if an obese woman is trying to get pregnant , losing 10 % of her weight can make such a difference that it restores fertility . 
  not sure if that 's a brief effect or not , but it is talked about on mums and bubs forums where conception is the topic . 
  the latest science on damaged gut flora contradicts this view . 
  the crap in our diets like the cheap substitutes with no nutritional value that make us fat and damage our gut flora as well addictive ingredients and disease causing additives . 
  the freedom to market unhealthy products such as cheap sugar laden soft drinks and snack foods using methods like sports and school sponsorship and advertising direct to children . 
  no-one denies the power of advertising or how processed food and factory farmed food is making people fat except the lobby groups representing those who make money out of this human misery . 
  of course this is another super example of globalisation and our national governments not protecting ordinary people . 
  it is definitely not about free will and self discipline . 
  i have no issue with making cousin marriage/relationships unlawful , nor do i find any issue with prevention such as genetic counselling for healthy and successful pregnancies or prenatal testing or for that matter terminations . 
  elective caesareans rather than clinically indicated or emergency ceasareans are more expensive . 
  being a migrant in germany has n't changed my ethical position on these things . 
  and i do have four children so i must be more positive about babies and reproduction than most here . 
  the problem should be tackled at the source : the food , grocery and tobacco industry . 
  at the same time the government might like to tackle the sedentary nature of the lives of some of the welfare class/working class ... like creating jobs and charity positions , any job involving the physical exertion like leaving the home and getting to work . 
  it is offensive to single out one ` deliberate ' ill over another to save public money in the health budget . 
  what about alcohol related illness or elective caesereans or the costs of disabled babies who need lifeling support born because idiots marry their cousins ? 
  near duisburg , have n't met one yet . 
  not one million arrivals , it was [ two million . 
  ] ( http://m.dw.com/en/two-million-germany-records-largest-influx-of-immigrants-in-2015/a-19131436 ) `` the office registered in 2015 under two million immigrants arriving in germany , while 860,000 departed again . '', 
  australians call them red capsicum - or green capsicum or yellow ... 
  suspending dublin is n't the only issue . 
  [ merkel acted unilaterally and without consultation of elected representatives ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/bavarian-leader-under-fire-for-dictatorship-jibe-horst-seehofer-angela-merkel-refugees-asylum/ ) `` it was sparked on the night of friday , september 4 , 2015 , when merkel decided to grant free passage to refugees stuck at a train station in the hungarian capital budapest -- against seehofer 's will . 
  merkel reportedly tried to call seehofer that night , but the bavarian state premier did not answer his phone ; seehofer says he had turned off his cell phone that night , according to a report in spiegel magazine . 
  around a week later , seehofer said merkel 's decision `` was a mistake that will occupy us for a long time . '' [ merkel acted unconstitutionally and one state leader threatened to test this in court in february 2016  ( http://www.politico.eu/article/bavarian-leader-under-fire-for-dictatorship-jibe-horst-seehofer-angela-merkel-refugees-asylum/ ) `` seehofer , head of the christian social union , the more conservative sister party of merkel 's christian democratic union , told the passauer neue presse newspaper wednesday : `` we do n't currently have a state of law and order . 
  it is unlawful rule . '' the phrase `` unlawful rule '' in germany evokes the term unrechtsstaat , normally used to describe dictatorships or oppressive regimes such as the german democratic republic . '', 
  the old custodian 's observation about the new tide of visitors is interesting : `` the castle receives about 25,000 visitors a year , some of them part of the maclean diaspora living in the united states , canada and australia . 
  the name maclean can be spelled in at least 15 ways . 
  people are increasingly searching for their heritage and their identity , sir lachlan said , leading some to visit duart castle . 
  in a globalized world , `` people are becoming less sure about themselves , '' he said . 
  `` and they want to find home . '' '', 
  your ignorance is alarming . 
  i hope you know more about demography than criminology . 
  yes , i agree . 
  and that future alienated underclass living in parallel societies anchored to foreign funded and staffed mosques will produce fundamentalist islamists who will do what their holy scripture commands and we can see that this has already happened here as well as more so in beautiful france , belgium , the netherlands , the uk , australia etc. 
  well , for 2015 rough estimates from leaked police reporting give us an idea of what `` some '' might be defined as : a 79 % increase on the previous year 's immigrant crime level . 
  good to know some germans are happy for others to pay the price ; i 'm pretty confident that this is the position of the childless and protected chancellor who does n't use public transport , schools or pools . 
  as for `` nobody needs to become victims of crime '' , we know that this is false , we know that increased crime and sexual crimes against females was a predictable outcome . 
  28 october 2015 : [ `` the german federal government is clearly overstepping its constitutional competencies at present , '' bavarian interior minister joachim herrmann said wednesday on zdf public television . 
  `` it is not in the power of the federal government to just override and no longer apply existing european and german law . '' ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-10-28/merkel-s-refugee-policy-breaks-the-law-bavarian-minister-says ) how many statements like this do you want me to copy and paste ? 
  good thing for who ? 
  so you think the high personal cost many germans have paid is a good thing ? 
  all that rape and abuse , the knife attacks , the murders and attempted murders , facilitating the paris attackers , the ansbach injuries and the loss of social order and trust in germany is worth it ? 
  sorry , i do n't think my family or community should experience loss and damage . 
  how is this justified ? 
  however , i am happy to give away lots of money and material things to ease the suffering of displaced people and genuine refugees and poor people . 
  i say this as the mother of two teenage girls who have been assaulted and changed as a result of merkel 's policies . 
  explain to me why my children needed to be exposed to foreign cultural norms and become victims of crime . 
  and the makes her even more reckless and culpable . 
  she ignored the advice of german intelligence and security agencies . 
  she acted outside the law and like an absolute monarch . 
  hundreds of thousands of unknown , unidentifiable people are now in germany . 
  exactly . 
  when i have spoken to people who were adopted at birth or never knew a parent it proves and reinforces how important our own origins are . 
  if women knew that a dna test was a mandatory part of birth registration , whatever mistakes or deceptions that had recently taken place would be resolved earlier and their partners would then have an opportunity to consent to adopting that child . 
  as a mother i have always had the peace of mind of knowing my babies were mine . 
  i can not think of a single reason why fathers should not have the same knowledge considering science and technology can afford us that equality cheaply and reliably . 
  it only becomes a child welfare issue if a lie is built on - and that does damage lives , usually all concerned , years down the track . 
  4 % is not insignificant . 
  and yes , they are bad mothers who inevitably harm those children with this fundamental lie . 
  i say dna tests should be a part of the birth registration process . 
  prevention is better than cure . 
  they wanted a symbol of the islamic conquest of europe ? 
  and the eu and un rightly thought that was a bad idea . 
  seriously . 
  that 's so offensive . 
  pick something nicer !, 
  just saw there 's similarly confused ethnic identities and conflict in the netherlands from glorious neighbour turkey : https://youtu.be/siaf_aftm7q maybe their aggression settings need adjustment or medicine ? 
  i do n't know , if i make such an observation we 'll end up being told about german or another eu country football fans anti social behaviour and that men are all the same ... and this would be very annoying and tedious . 
  or when they raise thousands of turkish flags while chanting , `` we are germany '' : https://youtu.be/y68-ev4mkva, 
  the beaches off the grand parade from sandringham , ramsgate beach , monterey , brighton-le-sands to kyeemagh . 
  common on sydney beaches nowadays , particularly suburban beaches . 
  i 'm not concerned about an amish takeover or a christian brethren insurgency . 
  no-one is . 
  and that 's relevant because ? 
  christians follow jesus christ whose life and teachings are contained in the new testament . 
  the only bit that is followed from the old testament is the 10 commandments , the rest of it is prophecy and history . 
  the fact that a generation or two of europeans do not understand their cultural heritage or were not introduced to church or the bible as children is now a serious problem .
