  how will you raise your kids ? 
  no , i think that concept of citizenship only works in new world countries . 
  i 'm an immigrant , i live 20 minutes from the dutch border , nothing happens to me when i cross it , by your reasoning it should make me different . 
  what are you now ? 
  i 'm australian , ethnically british , married to a german and living in germany . 
  i do n't feel australian while not being there in australia . 
  surely , citizenship is more than just the ground we walk on at whatever given time in our lives ? 
  my experience of learning dutch is that it is easier than german , and it would much easier to learn if dutch ( or german ) people did n't just switch to english . 
  seeing patterns is how humans identify and solve problems , testing and replicating those patterns is called science . 
  the vast , non problematic majority are not religious extremists and signal this by not choosing to wear extremist , exhibitionist , out-group clothing . 
  anyone who chooses to express themselves with clothing with striking negative associations will be frightening to me at first glance . 
  here is my semi serious sock joke : wudhu socks ( dexshell ) wudhu / mozah ( muslim prayer ) socks ( ds662 ) http://theislamshop.com/dexshell-wudhu-/-mozah-muslim-prayer-socks-ds662, 
  i said ` political potency ' , and if the similarities between the ideals of nazism and islamism escape you it does n't invalidate or diminish the feeling many people have when they first glance at someone dressed in this way . 
  others may associate the full face veil and robe like dress with piety or religious tribalism , cultural diversity or holidays in arabia or choice for women , however i associate it with extremism , violent anti semitism , war and the oppression of females and minorities . 
  i do n't know why you think my opinion is not worthy of respect . 
  then why participate in the discussion ? 
  and a nice demonstration of hyperbole . 
  thank you for demonstrating it to everyone ( again ) . 
  again , you need to be specific to have a constructive discussion . 
  for example , the women who killed lots of children in beslan were wearing these islamic garments with face covering . 
  a pattern has emerged that modern day female terrorists wear such clothing and in numerous attacks in many non islamic countries . 
  therefore , the negative association exists and the fear is reasonable . 
  this is not my fault or prejudice , it is an instinctive response to danger . 
  from the ad hominem attacks ? 
  islamic dress has the political potency of a nazi uniform . 
  it is worthy of discussion . 
  little things matter as we scramble around trying to work out how islamic culture became a damaging presence in many western countries . 
  for example , today i have observed a `` non existent problem '' at my 3 yo child 's german kindergarten . 
  when the local primary school has a pupil free day for teacher meetings/development , some muslim families leave their school aged children with their younger siblings at the kindergarten . 
  this also happens in school holidays . 
  that creates a sibling group of three or four close in age . 
  the kindergarten has accepted this as it is ` culturally important ' for those families . 
  it is not because the parents work and ca n't take the day off . 
  but i do n't think it should be accepted . 
  i think it is disruptive , encourages tribalism/anti individualism and hence will encourage anti democratic and segregationist values , and it makes german kindergarten professional knowledge and custom inferior . 
  but on this sunny day it could also be just an exception to the rules , an example of benign cultural diversity , a non existent problem which stands alone without significance or consequence . 
  or will these kids when they get older not shake hands with their opposite sex teachers ? 
  where do the problems start ? 
  three veiled women or with their kids needing special accommodations at kindergarten and later high school ? 
  that is worthy of discussion . 
  the wtf aspect of it is correct especially child custody - feminism has achieved change but not equality ( choice ) in these areas . 
  the lives of daughters , grandmothers and ` second ' wives are very much damaged by the pendulum swinging too far the other way . 
  independent autonomous women do n't expect men to pay for their decisions , so i see quite a bit of work to be done in helping such women accept equality . 
  the division of domestic labour is another issue where progress has been lopsided , more women are working and trying to parent but have the bulk of the load at home . 
  that is not the case , there is plenty more work to be done otherwise we would n't have below replacement fertility rates , late child bearing , unmarried and childless women who want to be married and have children , gendered child custody arrangements after relationship breakdown and real wage gaps etc. 
  i am dismayed that women and girls in germany are back talking about personal security and being forced to change their behaviour to be safe from sexual harassment and rape . 
  unlike this : the organisation of islamic cooperation ( oic ) ( formerly organization of the islamic conference ) is the second largest inter-governmental organization after the united nations which has membership of 57 states spread over four continents . 
  what might that be ? 
  my mouth fell open reading that . 
  what wave of feminism did she come in on , iron age feminism ? 
  do n't they have a child protection agency in sweden ? 
  yes , the jewish experience or rather experiences around the world through history are instructive . 
  my views have changed with age and thinking about what to pass on or acquire ( culturally ) for my children to equip them for life wherever they settle or stay for awhile . 
  my husband sings nursery rhymes in german and i sing english ones , and that is the simplest example . 
  when i say what i want done with my body when i die i 've said cremation but to keep my ashes in a container with my family because we have no special place or town . 
  i imagine there are many people who are relieved of any decision-making or awareness of such things , i imagine this is a nice feeling of certainty , of less anxiety , just to do what 's always been done . 
  when some europeans quite happily advocate mass immigration or a borderless europe it makes me wonder if they are taking what they have for granted . 
  if it were that simple indigenous australians just need another fairytale as do kurds and palestinians and a whole lot of others who identify with land . 
  what if it 's not ? 
  what if there are just degrees of belonging which change over time , and can also change depending on the makeup of the group around you ? 
  if you have a migration history can you ever have the feeling of having roots like someone whose family has been in the one place for 1,500 years ? 
  my family arrived in australia in the 1850s and we are all still on the move . 
  tribalism is different to ethnicity . 
  the culture produced by a society is not the same as ethnicity . 
  i agree that you could successfully argue that nz or australian or canadian immigration policies are classist or merit based , however i would say they use a blunt policy tool to determine how well an individual may adapt ( or not ) while protecting the social order from rapid change . 
  i have experienced and also heard from fellow australians that we fit in nowhere - we go back to greece or germany or the uk and find a surreal familiarity , out of date language skills and time warps in manners and customs . 
  and that makes you end up feeling restless and sometimes as if you belong nowhere . 
  btw there are exciting rates of schizophrenia among migrants amongst other mental health issues . 
  i disagree . 
  new zealanders recently decided to keep their partially british flag ( similar to australia 's ) instead of adopting a new modern one . 
  one thing is better understood in the new world and that is how persistent culture actually is . 
  that 's why new zealand , canada and australia do n't have retarded open door immigration policies and have great regrets about the ills visited upon their indigenous populations . 
  i respect hungary and poland for knowing these limits . 
  a polish person outside poland remains polish , whereas an australian or new zealander outside of their country becomes whatever ethnicity they or their ancestors were . 
  we remain migrants over many generations . 
  yeah , and the french , but filled with the socially rejected british and irish much to the horror of the locals . 
  mind you , there is a big dutch community in tasmania ( formerly van dieman 's land ) . 
  probably because of the european weather and awesome wilderness and the basis of post wwii migration ... which could do with some topping up and would benefit from asylum claims by european comedians and redditors . 
  yes , i really notice this . 
  i have my reservations about german culture 's natural affinity for democracy and notice a big difference over the border . 
  it surprises me how similar dutch people are to australians - i say this as an australian married to a german and living in germany but strangely attracted to the netherlands as if it 's my herd . 
  i keep hearing the call of iceland too . 
  i can understand the flemish who want to split , my sister-in-law is a walloon . 
  sublime . 
  thank you !, 
  interesting you say that , i 'm really at home in the netherlands too - i 'm an australian living in germany . 
  perhaps the netherlands is not representative of other north-western european nations . 
  my german husband thinks my affinity to the netherlands is because it was a great trading nation with colonies , like britain , and somehow that is expressed in their culture in ways i ca n't discern other than by liking being there . 
  here 's my shallow contribution , the most handsome national poet of all time , poet of romania and moldova https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mihai_eminescu and i love dutch supermarkets and the german recycling effort . 
  latif ( la\u1e6d\u012bf \u0644\u0637\u064a\u0641 , also anglicized as lateef ) is one of the names of god in islam , meaning `` gentle '' . 
  also used as a male name , as short form of abdul latif , meaning `` servant of the gentle '' . 
  its female form is latifa . 
  kumar is from india and pakistan . 
  what about djohan ? 
  anyone know the origin ? 
  i 'm pleased the australian media has no respect for privacy when it comes to creeps like these . 
  take a look at the history of feminism in the us if you need more pointers . 
  tampons are taxed in australia too , it is only leftwingers who assign a feminist narrative to it . 
  it does n't make it a fundamental feminist issue . 
  leftwing mythology is just that , mythology .
