have you heard of the occupy movement ? 
  with some delight i bought a small square basket of italian garlic ( not bleached ) and the basket was actually handwoven from the tops of the garlic . 
  you ca n't imagine the amount of internal amusement i get as an australian in germany with the word ` kraut ' and ` kr\u00e4uter ' on half the products in the supermarket . 
  nz has the all blacks , they are complete and want for nothing . 
  i think it 's only a sydney thing , one ethnic group divides people into anglos , asians , arabs etc. 
  so , it means racially ` white ' and it is generally used as a put down and a term of exclusion . 
  on the other hand , if you say ` anglo-saxon or celtic or european etc. 
  ancestry ' that 's fine . 
  the politics of australian multiculturalism - which is mostly a happy story, 
  shit , now you 've dunnit , questioning the sporting prowess of the eurosexual on the paddock . 
  i have to admit that i miss strayan masculinity . 
  actually , it 's probably cos i just read [ this ] ( http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2016-05-02/eagle-roo-abduction-thwarted-by-police-chase/7376794 ), 
  and playing soccer !!!!!!, 
  the irish dancing of football codes . 
  have you ever followed it on sbs ? 
  i ca n't explain the australian love of eurovision , the heart wants what it wants ... or it 's probably all the bloody migrants . 
  the factions within the liberal party are known as the ` right wing ' and ` the moderates ' . 
  the current prime minister turnbull is a moderate and the former pm abbott is a right winger . 
  the split on illegal immigration policy is everyone minus the left of the labor party and the small number of greens . 
  there is no split in the mainstream on having a large immigration program , everyone supports it . 
  other issues are probably more revealing on where the policy lines are drawn , but the labor party has been just as socially conservative as the liberals on issues such as gay marriage . 
  australia is a continent and it has islands , the largest being tasmania , but the higher priority for australians is eurovision . 
  sometimes it 's called an ` island continent ' , i was taught this at school . 
  you may mean americans instead of the now racially offensive term ` anglos ' as used in australia . 
  in australia , the two main parties are the liberal party and the labor party . 
  the australian government is currently ` liberal ' - or rather neoliberal or conservative or right wing or not labor depending on your political persuasion . 
  australia 's third largest party is the national party and that is not a recent development . 
  more of germany in australia , australia has its own german dialect : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/barossa_german, 
  and using the other language , google.de auf englisch , gets you :  no. 1 why is australia in eurovision ? 
   no. 2 why is australia a continent ? 
  the smarter german kids ask questions in english . 
  i think you 'll find germans do n't have a choice , the conflict has been brought intact with the people : http://m.welt.de/politik/ausland/article146372419/tuerken-und-kurden-geraten-in-deutschland-aneinander.html, 
  yes , that sounds like a reasonable assumption to make , there are 800,000 kurds already in germany . 
  it does not follow that greed is good or that might is right :-) we do not need to indulge or promote our inner barbarians/chimp behaviour . 
  i see some of the palestinian people being exploited by others , those with an axe to grind . 
  i also know some successful children of palestinians in australia having successful , happy lives far away from the conflict and leaving that part of their identity behind . 
  i know . 
  i know . 
  i am guessing from your reply we have hit the wall of cultural difference . 
  if that is your definition of sanity in an overpopulated world of finite resources with the mass movement of peoples on the increase then i hope for less sanity . 
  i disagree . 
  anger , and the aggression and destructiveness that can go with it , is a weak way of dealing with hurt and despair . 
  strength is shown through peaceful attitudes and acts . 
  this is why indigenous peoples in nz , australia and the us have land rights , fishing and hunting rights and make money from others using those returned lands . 
  they also have dignity in those legal settlements and respect from immigrants for their traditional ways of life as well as the freedom to adopt other beliefs and customs . 
  their kids are not locked into poverty , disease and war . 
  what ? 
  to be expelled from jordan and then cause catastrophe in lebanon ? 
  and refuse to create a peace on several occasions and sign your people up to decades more instability and poverty . 
  that is not strength . 
  speaking as an australian , it is because we 're not majority jewish countries and these so-called humanitarian interests in israel are just a front for the anti-semitism of islamists and the west 's increasingly confused left wing . 
  there is no doubt the indigenous people of australia suffered and the effects of their dispossession and the disruption of their social order continues today . 
  i should have made that plural because were hundreds of separate groups and languages across australia . 
  the fact labour have n't expelled her from the party or announced a meeting to debate that very topic says it all . 
  she has resigned from her shadow role , but that is hardly enough : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/apr/26/bradford-labour-mp-naz-shah-quits-john-mcdonnells-pps-antisemitic-facebook-posts, 
  yes . 
  i wonder whose land she thinks she 's living on ? 
  does she have a bigger plan to dna test everyone and give them the coordinates of where they ` should ' be ? 
  or is this just more support for me ethnic cleansing of all non muslims ? 
  what a dangerous idiot . 
  i read that the addition of preservatives to beer increased the severity of a hangover . 
  purity = less of a hangover . 
  that 's got ta be worth preserving !, 
  so , we in fact agree that the jurisdiction of one country can not be applied to the culture of another and vice versa without harmful ( i say ) or hypocritical ( you say ) inconsistencies . 
  i say update the law . 
  and you ? 
  you seem have this warped view of sex as a legal entitlement separate from reproduction and psychological development and social values . 
  if you ca n't take it from me , how about the lefty credentialed world health organusation : `` pregnancy and childbirth complications are the second cause of death among 15 to 19 year olds [ girls ] globally . '', 
  why i hear you ask ? 
  because their pelvises are n't big enough . 
  so , as you are the sort of man who is cool with having sex with girls who are not physically ready for sex and pregnancy , consider these recommendations from the who : `` who published guidelines in 2011 with the un population fund ( unfpa ) on preventing early pregnancies and reducing poor reproductive outcomes . 
  these made recommendations for action that countries could take , with 6 main objectives : reducing marriage before the age of 18 ; creating understanding and support to reduce pregnancy before the age of 20 ; increasing the use of contraception by adolescents at risk of unintended pregnancy ; reducing coerced sex among adolescents ; reducing unsafe abortion among adolescents ; increasing use of skilled antenatal , childbirth and postnatal care among adolescents . '', 
  you clearly do n't . 
  imagine that those girls are boys , that should help you with your thinking and your patriarchal bullshit . 
  i ca n't argue with fallacy . 
  enjoy your blind hatred of girls and the institution of marriage . 
  just gave that my bullshit test . 
  how would i respond to a 25 year old marrying one of my 15 - 17 year old daughters . 
  did n't pass . 
  why should i care for muslim girls less ? 
  is that what you 're advocating , less protection for muslim children ? 
  spot on . 
  and put the teenaged mother and child with nordic foster parents so she can go to school and have a bit more childhood and imagine a future beyond being a broodmare . 
  we could n't vote , so that side of it did n't matter . 
  i can confirm , australians adore it . 
  abba is the soundtrack of my childhood . 
  sarcasm is all i have to give today . 
  it did pass through my head at least it was n't the poor jews again , but i did n't want to be a bigot , which i then found amusing in an absurd way . 
  yup . 
  the perpetrators were born in germany , this is a german cultural problem , we ca n't identify it as anything else because that would be simplistic . 
  and this was not a criminal act because the perpetrators are not old enough to commit criminal acts , so everyone is a victim . 
  got my candle , flowers and dead canaries ready to go . 
  cool , really interesting . 
  thanks for the chat . 
  does it matter ? 
  it seems to matter a lot to other people and it makes me jealous to not have that sense of belonging and place . 
  i think about it a lot . 
  i have this theory that once an migrant always a migrant , and down the generations too . 
  it checks out when you start asking people about the movement in their families to other countries or back to their family 's original starting point . 
  finland looks like an excellent choice of country and society to me aside from the complexity of the language - is it hard to learn ?
