  that 's what teenagers are saying too . 
  it is when no other country is scrutinized or treated like this . 
  why the unfairness and obsessive attention ? 
  are you talking about the euro or the eu ? 
  why do you say that ? 
  i do n't understand all this putin is an omnipresent mastermind hysteria . 
  what is russian about nigel farage ? 
  it did n't make sense in the us election campaign either . 
  if you want to help russia 's middle east energy sector competitors then just say that . 
  it was n't . 
  it depends on your definition and reading of history or whatever discipline you prefer . 
  europe was once defined as christendom , a geopolitical power and that gradually moved toward cultural hegemony . 
  then it started disintegrating . 
  very slow and complex process up until recently i.e. 
  last century with various points of acceleration . 
  the uk told us it was not european . 
  so , am i interested in an ethnocentric discussion about transplanted development issues in a country that politically is asserting its non european nature on a europe forum ? 
  not much . 
  like past the blue mountains , say lithgow , or wollongong, 
  is n't this a local , non european story that 's been over reported anyway ? 
  because joining the eec was a betrayal and most australians are ethnically british , as well as all the ones who were actually born in the uk . 
  our culture is the same as is our head of state - and culture is persistent . 
  the uk 's membership of the eec/eu led to the dismantling of a preferential trade arrangement with most commonwealth countries , including australia . 
  it also caused a major change to australia 's trade policy , turning the australian government 's priorities towards finding new markets in asia ( and also recognising the people 's republic of china in 1973 ) . 
  australia 's preferential treatment in the uk was phased out , with industries suffering a decline in exports . 
  for years australian representatives in brussels demanded compensation for the huge losses incurred . 
  it really hurt australia , particularly war veterans and their families . 
   when we try to speak other languages abroad the locals speak back to us in english until we give up , because they want to practice their english , even when we speak their language that is my experience of germans too , showing off all the time . 
  if i speak in german , i still get english . 
  it 's too hot and too much sprawl . 
  it 's chinese investment . 
  i know , i thought only lebs called us anglos mate, 
  they must have taken that genius to australia because there 's titwobble lane , cokum-tittybong road , mossy nipple bend [ ... ] ( http://mobile.abc.net.au/news/2016-09-26/the-newly-released-marvellous-map-of-actual-australian-place-na/7871446 ), 
  get some facts then . 
  i 'm all for evidence based policy making . 
  i mean no-one wanted to live in a militarised surveillance state . 
  the sooner it is understood that before and after follow each other the better . 
  this is testimony to germany 's neighbours that they need saving from themselves . 
  denial , denial , denial ... lalalala ... i 'm not listening ... old statistics are my friend ... 
  dylan moran [ explains why that is ] ( https://youtu.be/l5cv2oag4-4 ) . 
  two of the three rape victims are dead . 
  as a parent i would give up all my rights including my life to protect my children - that is the natural order of things . 
  i would not enjoy my right to privacy and data protection at the cost of others and while the balance is tipping the wrong way we respond accordingly and when it tips the other we resplnd accordingly . 
  germany would benefit from not clinging to ideals that are really just serving suggestions . 
  not my translation here , and i 'm hoping another commenter knows more about this and can provide an answer : according to section 81 ( e ) of the criminal procedure code , dna can be used only comparison to potential suspects , determining family relationships , and determining gender . 
  every analysis going beyond these is expressly forbidden . 
  here is the provision in english : ( 1 ) material obtained by measures pursuant to section 81a subsection ( 1 ) may also be subjected to molecular and genetic examinations , insofar as such measures are necessary to establish descent or to ascertain whether traces found originate from the accused or the aggrieved person ; in so doing the gender of the person may also be determined by examination . 
  examinations pursuant to the first sentence shall also be admissible to obtain similar findings on material obtained by measures pursuant to section 81c . 
  findings on facts other than those referred to in the first sentence shall not be made ; examinations designed to establish such facts shall be inadmissible . 
  this info is from a [ professor ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/andrew_hammel ) at d\u00fcsseldorf university . 
  one example of this , where data protection is getting in the way of solving crime : in freiburg , germany , there have been four brutal crimes in the past 6 weeks . 
  one man was beaten to death near the main train station . 
  one 13-year-old girl gang-raped by four young men . 
  and two young women , one 19 and on 27 years old , were raped and murdered in apparent random attacks . 
  however , police think it 's possible the same man might be behind both attacks . 
  so , there may well be a serial rapist/murderer currently active in freiburg now . 
  the police want to use new dna analysis to investigate , but are prevented from doing so by laws based on data protection which are now providing cover for criminals instead privacy for ordinary individuals . 
  that is cute !, 
  are there lots of rude names too ? 
  nothing . 
  that is reasonable and worth noting . 
  and that is also the effect of terrorism . 
  let 's not blame ourselves for the psychological effects of it when we read the news or see multiple emergency services vehicles . 
  this is a blogpost by german based us criminologist about the growing tension between advances in crime solving tools like dna analysis that can generate a facial likeness and germany 's commitment to individual privacy and data protection . 
  is it ? 
  reporting from [ the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/nov/25/mispaid-housing-benefit-fund-isis-terror-cell ) : headline : * # 5,000 in mispaid housing benefit ` used to fund isis terror cell ' court hears two men withdrew cash from bank account of birmingham couple and gave it to brussels attack suspect * `` more than # 5,000 in mispaid housing benefit was used to fund an islamic state terror cell linked to the paris and brussels attacks , a court has heard . 
  belgian national anaour haddouchi left birmingham to join the terrorist organisation in syria in the summer of 2014 , and was joined by his belgian wife a few months later , lawyers said . 
  kingston crown court heard that haddouchi and his wife let their home in small heath through an agency called golden estates when they left the country . 
  it was claimed the letting agent wrote to birmingham city council on 12 january last year to say that haddouchi had left the property three weeks earlier and asked to cancel the council tax liability . '', 
  tell us about fiji or west papua then . 
  how 's it working out for them ? 
  there is evidence and evidence of suppressed data and a refusal by authorities to record significant information for political reasons . 
  a confidential police report was leaked to a hamburg newspaper in october 2016 about local crime . 
  a university criminologist wrote the following based on that report : * in the first half of 2106 , hamburg police investigated 38,000 criminal suspects . 
  * of these , 16,600 , or 43 % , did not have german nationality . 
  * 3882 suspects , or 9.5 % of the total , were `` refugees '' ( that is , recent migrants ) * these numbers do not reflect offenses merely against immigration laws , those were removed from the calculation to avoid distortion . 
  * in all of 2015 , hamburg authorities investigated 68,868 criminal suspects , of which 28,400 ( 41 percent ) were foreigners . 
  * the crimes most often committed by refugees were assault ( 1014 cases ) . 
  refugees were also responsible for 30.6 % of all thefts and 27.5 % of all drug smuggling and distribution offenses . 
  * refugees also committed 18.2 % of all cases of `` sexual insult '' and 18.9 % of all more serious sexual offenses . 
  a majority of these cases resulted from new years ' eve in hamburg . 
  there are currently about 25,000 refugees in hamburg , out of a population of 1,814,597 million . 
  so refugees are 1.37 % of the population . 
  without a detailed breakdown of the identity of the offenders , we ca n't know for certain just how disproportionate the rate of crime among refugees is . 
  and of course cops and politicians use this gap in the knowledge -- which they themselves created -- to constantly muddle the issue . '', 
  no , that is incorrect . 
  the story broke on social media . 
  over 1,000 women made formal police complaints . 
  the police chief had to resign , the truth was suppressed . 
  cologne mayor henriette reker suggested ... that police had held back information from her , and said in a statement that her `` trust in the cologne police leadership is significantly shaken '' . 
  the leaked police report , obtained by the german newspaper bild , said women were forced to `` run a gauntlet ... beyond description '' to reach or leave the station . 
  the ancient cathedral had fireworks fired into it . 
  it remains shocking and a topic of discussion for very good reasons . 
  [ better ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/_vr8lmggr-m ), 
  put in historical perspective , it 's less cumbersome than consenting to a marriage contract for any possibility of a sexual encounter ... so cheer up . 
  interesting . 
  why do these stories always come from us campus life ? 
  that 's an age old issue i think , regret = rape is n't about consent , that 's a lack of after sales service and a lack of clarity on her part about the fleeting contract she consented to . 
  this is the now famous thames valley police video [ on consent .
