  most easily refuted here : http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2012/jan/08/tory-women-mps-new-feminism google and wikipedia will give you bucketloads of references for your reading pleasure . 
  since when has the leftwing had a monopoly on feminism ? 
  not all nationalists are conservative either . 
  leftwing does not equal progressive , but it does mean mass immigration . 
  sweden wo n't be needing development or science anymore . 
  i think the scottish ones are called pikelets , thick like american pancakes but smaller in diameter . 
  did you do well at school ? 
  go read some autobiographical accounts of child bride wedding nights and then tell me what word i 'm missing . 
  i 'm thinking it wo n't be ` statutory ' . 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm assuming you 're a young man . 
  do you have a big dream or specific goals ? 
  aside from earning more per hour in the welfare sector . 
  if you were paid more what opportunities would there be where you are ? 
  i 'm going with the evidence provided to us by academic research on human development . 
  what measure are you using ? 
  nationalism ? 
  pregnancy and childbirth is more dangerous if your pelvis is n't fully grown and if nutrients need to be leached from the girl 's growing bones and teeth . 
  that 's permanent damage . 
  another complication of raping girls is lifelong sterility . 
  look up the meaning of consent . 
  a child does not have the capacity to make such a decision and is entitled to protection by adults - or potential grooms . 
  it is physically harmful to girls regardless of the moral , psychological and gender equality aspects . 
  have a read of the world health organization online info : `` pregnancy and childbirth complications are the second cause of death among 15 to 19 year olds globally . 
  however , there have been significant drops in the number of deaths in all regions since 2000 , most notably in south-east asia where mortality rates fell from 21 to 9 per 100 000 girls . '', 
  this practice is 100 % unsupportable in an enlightened country . 
  you 'll be happy to know there are religious instructions for overcoming this ` problem ' when a muslim man 's bride is a little girl . 
  check youtube , i 'm ca n't bring myself to share this ` teaching ' and because it is wrong , wrong , wrong . 
  retch ... we 've got ta feel sorry for people born into this religion and want to get away from it and such associations . 
  sounds like a well built policy . 
  i wish skilled germans could migrate to hungary and live happily ever after ... or is this a cunning plan to attract exactly those types of people as well as get the young skilled hungarian diaspora to head back home ? 
  great for economic growth . 
  it is happening more often in germany , that is the point . 
  perhaps the change first began 20 years ago , but there is a quantifiable difference between now and then . 
  in reply , i 'm going to refer to someone smarter than me , german criminologist dr andrew hammel , reflecting on a different public transport attack on 24 january 2016 : `` now of course this is just one incident . 
  but as i 've pointed out , there are dozens like it happening every single day in germany . 
  and they are important from a policy point of view . 
  why ? 
  because they are random stranger attacks . 
  although all sex crimes are obviously reprehensible , they are n't equal in their effects . 
  a story of a woman being sexually assaulted by a friend or acquaintance or spouse has little effect on public opinion , because it 's perceived as a situational threat that an individual has some control over . 
  when someone is raped or murdered at random , by a stranger , in public , the effect on the public 's perception of security is exponentially greater . 
  this could happen to anyone , to you or me , and it could happen tomorrow , and unless we decide to never leave the house , there 's nothing we can do to eliminate the risk . 
  what are women supposed to do , never use the bathroom in a train ? 
  avoid all trains ? 
  the feelings of helplessness , lack of control , and anger mount . 
  these crimes , even when unsuccessful , send shock-waves through large sections of society -- especially among women -- and begin driving polling results about security and law enforcement in a repressive direction . 
  the next time the allensbach institute conducts a comprehensive survey about german attitudes toward the police , security , the justice system , and criminal penalties , there are going to be significant changes . '', 
  yeah , but he has also potentially helped hundreds of potential victims of sexual harassment and assault as well as their defenders , by putting the spotlight on public transport security amongst other issues . . like the subjugation of german women and girls by some foreign men . 
  i take your point , we all react in different ways under pressure , but this is still a constructive reaction . 
  that is the wider context of this type of story . 
  the german mainstream media did not report the crimes that occurred on nye , most notably in cologne , and the cologne police issued a media statement claiming all was fine when it clearly was n't . 
  so two things are colliding , loss of trust in authority and breakdowns in social order , causing fear and innovation such as reporting by witnesses on social media . 
  there is an increasing trend to do this and it will keep those in authority - police , media , politicians - accountable . 
  so , i suppose , that 's a yay for democracy from me . 
  but we need to be critical audiences of this material . . as i am finding reddit people reliably are . 
  documenting this social change in germany , photo journalism , being a witness , serves a critically important purpose in a free society . 
  i think the young man with the camera made a good call , and he was taking a risk to do so . 
  i would thank him - as well as those old school defenders of the young woman . 
  fortunately , australia has sex offender laws which are international in scope and that means these men will be prosecuted on their return in australia . 
  no sex tourism is tolerated and it is known that creeps at home are creeps abroad . 
  they wo n't have passports either . 
  the podesta emails via wikileaks show that podesta gave his password away by falling for a garden variety phishing scam . 
  stupidity and incompetence . 
  and that is the general feel of the content of the podesta emails - a group of unprofessional , unqualified people who needed better it support . 
  and yes hillary because she chose to use an unencrypted private server for reasons i expect we will find out soon . 
  murray is very good , i 'll watch anything he 's in . 
  they were n't strong arguments though , whistleblowers are of vital importance . 
  he appeals to the adequacy of the guardians of the guardians and yet we see the alarming dysfunction of the msm in the us election campaign and read in the podesta emails how dependent , sycophantic and unmoored many high profile journalists have become . 
  mr douglas may not have envisaged a time when a free media would do that . 
  thanks for the full version , great stuff and great men . 
  maybe just those countries grappling with challenges to the social order caused by the free movement of [ blonde men ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/kimdotcom/status/791414484971638784 ) with programming skills . 
  i love this line , `` protesters hurling bananas and yogurts forced then prime minister sigmundur david gunnlaugsson to resign . '', 
  when the arrest warrant is politically motivated bullshit damaging the reputation of your country . 
  not at all the same . 
  that 's not true in my experience , i took one of my children out of a school trip as did another parent at different high school for the same reason . 
  with respect and without penalty . 
  mind you i do observe that germans are less tolerant of other germans , and are quick to change things around to accommodate muslim migrants . 
  for example , when a kindergarten had kids bringing toy guns in on the weekly ` bring a toy from home day ' instead of correcting the individual parents on the toy rules ( no war or violence toys ) they just stopped having toy day . 
  it 's the same thinking behind quietly and politely excluding pork products but not banning nuts or whatever allergy product . 
  edit : regarding downvotes , i can choose to not share my actual real life experience of living in germany right now with my family . 
  [ sssshhhhhhh !, 
  ] ( http://m.dw.com/en/donald-trumps-german-roots/a-19015570 ), 
  did he put his laptop in the mail too ? 
  that 's a different topic , this was a discussion about the ( undisputed ) content of one email . 
  i think it may be a random text generator used by spammers coincidently using an old soros biography . 
  the text in the podesta email comes from p. 130 of a 1992 book by robert slater . 
  interesting coincidence though given the actual soros related content . 
  nice muddying of the waters . 
  this is weird . 
  does this make any sense , romanian friends ? 
  if islam spread there in the 8th century it would have been worse . 
  i think the west has been going backwards in some ways since the 1970s . 
  what are your thoughts ? 
  look , let me taunt you ... there 's [ a sequel ] ( https://youtu.be/hdc8pvcvfks ) already . 
  let me guess !, 
  7th century progressing to 8th century ? 
  or is this progressive because this is divine feminism ? 
  your moral compass is pointing to despicable . 
  you forgot racist and bigot and nazi .
