  the difference in parenting styles is easy to observe too . 
  my 3 year old was attending a city kindergarten where the ethnic mix is half german , half not . 
  the teachers are all german , but it does n't seem to matter . 
  anyway , we spent a month worrying about how aggressive and unsettled our previously placid and polite child was becoming and decided to leave the kindergarten . 
  it was a difficult decision , however the interests of our child and family outweighed our commitment to public education . 
  and , yes , she is behaving normally again . 
  i thought it was out of 72, 
  we had pretend voting in australia for a few years until last year , but i was on an island so could n't join in . 
  australian in germany here . 
  i get to vote for the first time !!, 
  sorry , i do n't share that belief about what [ matthew 5 ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthew_5#antitheses ) means . 
  the scope and history of people trying to work it out over the years is really huge . 
  i was n't ever taught to follow any part of the old testament except the 10 commandments . 
  more simply , if you look at the life and times of jesus as a whole , he does n't represent what you suggest . 
  if you go a step further and focus on the deeds instead of the words and associated semantics , the picture becomes a bit clearer . 
  re matthew 5:28 does n't it seem a bit out of character to interpret things that way ? 
  if jesus turned water into wine for a wedding - and a lot of it - he does n't sound like he has a law about forbidding men from having happy reflexive thoughts about attractive women . 
  ockham 's razor really . 
  and why would jesus ask men to do something impossible ? 
  saint thomas aquinas and martin luther also disagreed with your view on verse 28 . 
  you 're reminding me of [ bernard black ] ( http://youtu.be/v6tedm-wlz4 ) . 
  are you avoiding doing your tax or something ? 
  re matthew 5:17 to 20 i interpret that differently and was taught/brought up with the 10 commandments + what jesus said and did . 
  re 1 cor 11:3 read further '' ... because of angels '' !, 
  and the concluding verses which are `` a woman ought to have authority over her own head '' , `` in the lord woman is not independent of man , nor is man independent of woman . 
  for as woman came from man , man is born of woman . 
  but everything comes from god '' . 
  re matthew 5:28 it was originally written in aramaic i 'll quote from [ someone ] ( http://catholicbiblestudent.com/category/aramaic ) who can explain it better and in more detail : `` matthew 5:28 records jesus ' famous saying about the sinfulness of lust . 
  often it sounds like you can seriously sin by accident . 
  usually , the translation sounds something like this : `` you have heard that it was said , ` you shall not commit adultery . ' but i say to you , everyone who looks at a woman with lust has already committed adultery with her in his heart . '' ( matt 5:27 -28 nab ) greek background however , a closer inspection of the greek and the various translations reveals a difficulty . 
  the greek does not say `` look at a woman with lust . '' rather , it says `` ... look at a woman in order to lust [ after her ] '' or `` ... look at a woman for the purpose of lust . '' in greek grammar , this is what we call a purpose clause , indicated by the short words , pros to , plus an infinitive in the greek . 
  a good example is in ephesians 6:11 -- `` put on the full armor of god in order that you may be able to stand against the scheming of the devil '' ( my trans . ) . 
  aramaic background recent grammarians have , however , relied on a hypothetical aramaic background to this greek saying . 
  rather than translating the phrase as a purpose clause , they have looked to a possible aramaic construction , where the pros to represents an aramaic lamed , a letter that functions as a particle indicating one of any number of things : a genitive relationship , direct object , indirect object , ethical dative , purpose , direction ( see alger johns , a short grammar of biblical aramaic , p. 11 ) . 
  maximilian zerwick explains the supposed aramaic background of pros to in his biblical greek : `` indeed the sense need not even be consecutive ; in the passage in question [ matt 5:28 ] one would expect the sense ` with concupiscence ' simply , and this may in fact be the sense intended , if the \u03c0\u03c1\u03bf\u03c3 \u03c4\u03bf [ pros to ] can be understood as a servile rendering of a semitic ( hebrew or aramaic ) le + infinitive which , though of it means ` to ( wards ) ... ' and so has final or consecutive sense , may also be used without any such connotation and simply with the sense ` ... - ing . ' ( p. 135 , sec . 
  391 ) notably , fr . 
  zerwick relies a lot on what `` one would expect . '' the difference between the two translation options might seem inconsequential , but i think there 's an significant theological principle at stake . '', 
  just reading that bit makes me wonder how we can claim to understand any of it - which is why i do n't think it is useful to expect to be so precise , unfortunately a definitive text is not available to us . 
  and even if it were , look at what lawyers do to the language of legislation in courts when it 's all been written in the one language and in recent years . 
  and then overlay our postmodern sensibilities . 
  not enough beach and sun . 
  put it in greek islands and turkey . 
  i think it helps to have a gendered perspective on this subject , the emancipation of women in our civilization came later than the abolition of slavery , and until relatively recently it was ok and legal to rape one 's wife and exclude her from public life like paid work . 
  jesus also did n't say anything about the sexual assault of children or animals , but do we infer from that ( and other examples of harmful behaviour ) that this made it permissible ? 
  progress has been slow for many types of people . 
  today slavery , including sex trafficking , is on the rise . 
  i can not believe it is ` divinely ' inspired or accepted . 
  i read a good discussion here https://pathofthebeagle.com/2011/10/20/what-did-jesus-say-about-slavery/#comment-7817 which you might find interesting too . 
  that said , there are so many verses on the equality and dignity of all men and women , and how to treat each other - why go trying to disprove those or diminish those and not set the blame on simple human greed and cruelty and the fallibility of the humans deciding what was and was n't important to include in the bible ? 
  on matthew 5:28 , if you have a look at the various translations of that [ verse ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/verse/en/matthew%205:28 ) you find out that verse is not about shaming men for being instinctively attracted to women or having sexual impulses but about deliberately entertaining or indulging thoughts outside of the societal rules - this verse makes reducing people to sexual objects wrong or coveting the neighbour 's spouse wrong . 
  i think everyone nowadays agrees that even very attractive people should be treated with dignity and respect , 
  i have n't read anything yet in the new testament that , when read in context and imagined with the audience at that point in time and space , offends me . 
  the quotes on human bondage to which you refer are selective , you have to bear in mind slaves were converting to christianity and the teachings of jesus were radical and disrupting the social order : 1 timothy 6:1 `` let all who are under a yoke as slaves regard their own masters as worthy of all honor , so that the name of god and the teaching may not be reviled . 
  those who have believing masters must not be disrespectful on the ground that they are brothers ; rather they must serve all the better since those who benefit by their good service are believers and beloved . 
  teach and urge these things . '', 
  if you read the sections on slavery it is clear that slaves have the same worth as slave masters : ephesians 6:9 `` masters , do the same to them , and stop your threatening , knowing that he who is both their master and yours is in heaven , and that there is no partiality with him . '', 
  not wishing to get bogged down ... 
  i expect creepy and pervy because i 'm female and it was n't a good time to be alive as a female . 
  women were treated as attractive livestock . 
  the difference between your position and mine is not huge , my questions are less demanding and i can tolerate the mystery . 
  but then i am happy to accept electricity comes out of the wall . 
  in treating christianity as a cultural artifact , and not being able to immediately recognise foreign christians as belonging , do n't we take our culture for granted ? 
  if culture is the product of a society are n't we now disconnected from the generator of that very culture we want to maintain and live in ? 
  i expect more pragmatic things than salvation came out of townspeople organising themselves to meet once a week in the same building as well as all the significant , individual life events ( baptism , marriage , funeral ) . 
  i had this really interesting experience the other night sitting in a former church still full of its beautiful objects and treasures , listening to a piano concert , while a life size statue of a naked , crucified man hung on the wall entirely irrelevant and invisible in relation to the proceedings below . 
  as you say , an artifact . 
  it was n't a lifeless venue like a museum , and yet it was n't a congregation with any unity of purpose or continuity after the music finished . 
  so , can we defend what we do n't own or feel any connection to ? 
  i also thought grimly that we did n't build any of it , we got it all for free and perhaps that is why it is so cheaply given away . 
  in response to your first quote on swords , as it is misleading , here is the following verse : `` the disciples said , `` see , lord , here are two swords . '', 
  `` that 's enough ! '', 
  he replied . '', 
  but as to the rest , that 's it ? 
  that 's very good news . 
  conceptual problems regarding sin and salvation and issues with the old testament . 
  you 've read parables literally and misunderstand the teaching on slavery/bondage/serfdom imo . 
  but anyway , when i look at the teachings our ancestors put their faith in for 2,000 years , it impresses me how little of it is fucked up . 
  there are no creepy , pervy bits . 
  it makes me wonder why we junked it . 
  no answers here though , i just wonder why we so strongly reject our cultural heritage while not finding others repellent after the same inquiry . 
  i do n't see why it is wrong to prefer helping the persecuted christian minority from the me . 
  i wish we heard more from ordinary doctors , nurses , teachers , stationmasters and police in germany . 
  they have the best vantage point . 
  give me one example of something jesus christ said or did that you consider damaging to humanity . 
  strangely , i think it would be more comforting to be in a minority like some of those ethnic communities in london with a whole other country of ethnically homogenous people to fall back on - minorities from majority countries . 
  is there a word for that concept ? 
  like there 's a polish minority in the uk but there 's also poland . 
  same with pakistan , india etc. 
  seems a bit unfair really for the english . 
  i have n't expressed that very well , but you get the general idea ? 
  depends where he 's leading people . 
  capable leaders are not necessarily trustworthy and virtuous . 
  they were n't really on display , i saw them at the checkout . 
  in lidl they have little auto rollerdoors that go up for the cigarette people and you clearly see the packets while you wait in the queue . 
  i do think the nasty disease photos and plain packaging and frank warnings work . 
  australia introduced plain packaging in 2012 and decades of increasingly sharp adverts like [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/h3w2v1mgnq4 ) and [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/sfaxupevhcg ) . 
  you rarely see teenagers openly smoking outside school anymore like kids do in germany . 
  it amazes me germany has n't banned tobacco advertising . 
  billboards everywhere . 
  sarcasm , my friend .
