  only leaks allow the public to get a full picture of the level of crime in their society , something that should be a scandal . 
   german authorities are now actively hunting for the cop who released the ` unfiltered ' police reports about the mass sexual assaults in cologne over new year 's eve . 
  i like to call this man or woman the german edward snowden . 
  perhaps great britain will offer asylum ? 
   even when police reports are leaked , the information they contain is often partial and poorly-sorted , making it near-impossible to derive reliable crime-rate statistics or to assess the genuine impact of various kinds of crime ( crime by migrants , organized crime , etc. ) . '', 
  wow , interesting read . 
  thanks . 
  i think the fact that justice could be swift and there were three actual solutions - execution , exile , prison - might have had a bit to do with their mission 's success . 
  from the outset the objective was to destroy a minority group and its culture through breaking up hereditary association . 
  this was achieved with mass executions . 
  we 're not allowed to do that or think that anymore . 
  if you gave the french police those sort of powers it would n't take them five years to sort it out and there probably would n't be dog poo or rubbish anywhere when they were done . 
  it 's the same sort of cringe humour chris lilley uses in summer heights high and jonah from tonga . 
  but of course it does n't make sense if you ca n't readily identify the german adult only child stereotype : confident without talent , earnest , eager to please and effortlessly daggy . 
  it 's amateur comedy but an unusual example of self deprecating german humour . 
  i do n't find much german comedy funny although it 's a learned thing , so maybe in a few years and if i forget about tim minchin and flight of the conchords and kitty flanagan ... yeah so probably not at all . 
  well , if your narcissism includes occupying and colonising and subjagating and terrorising this is bad . 
  i think we can all appreciate this could extend to feminine handicraft , especially coded needlework . 
  so , what i think borisdiebestie is saying is beware romanian grandmothers . 
  do you mean romanians who like themselves and their traditions ? 
  it is a welcome relief to the self hating germany news and the turkey supremacy stuff . 
  mitchell and webb on german self awareness : https://youtu.be/qv2xgqbcvxq, 
  try this german for self-deprecation in his `` german with a german '' lessons https://youtu.be/qfautzv-uki . 
  it 's not british humour , but it 's funny to my australian sensibilities . 
  hurrah say the purveyors of black fabric and christo . 
  yes , this . 
  so now there is no deterrant or mechanism for detaining people who are ( or can be ) effectively stateless or unidentifiable or for suspected people smugglers . 
  they now have the right in effect of being in the european location of their choice if they play their cards right ? 
  it 's certainly a market signal to the people smuggling business . 
  we will find out soon enough how they use it in their marketing and pricing . 
  awesome if they apply the same logic to tax laws . 
  make it all optional . 
  i would suggest that 's a reasonable assumption for doctors to make in a transit camp preparing people for a psychologically challenging relocation . 
  pregnancies made with lots of stress hormones have higher rates of miscarriage . 
  from what i read the issue was consent versus informed consent , and the story surfaced a long time later , but in any case delaying attempts at conception for three month periods of time is hardly thwarting the birth of children unless you 're over 40 . 
  i understand what you 're saying and appreciate the spirit of it , but transporting 14,000 people in a day or two by plane is going to feel entirely like cattle transport no matter what your skin colour . 
  that little documentary showed that planes had the seats removed to get more people in . 
  obviously , people can have their dignity insulted quite easily and unintentionally in large groups subjected to being organised for whatever reason , but if we apply this as a positive lesson now to people coming from africa carrying hiv or from the me with tb or completely unimmunised what happens to the process or the speed of the process and the higher goal if informed consent needs to obtained across a language barrier for simple medical tests , vaccinations or treatment for thousands ? 
  sometimes the things we believe are rights or the highest ethical standard are really the benefits of being in a wealthy , educated place with time to spare . 
  i reckon these stories are a response to australian stories like [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/24/british-mother-of-five-to-be-deported-from-australia-for-crimina/ ) . 
  as satisfying as it is that australia gets to deport uk citizen criminals back to its unapologetic former colonial overlord where there is n't even a right of return for australians with british ancestry , i think this is actually about brexit and uk sovereignty and control of its immigration policy . 
  edit : am australian therefore can be rude, 
  thanks for the links . 
  i had to do a bit of reading to understand it a bit . 
  the birth control story is a beat up from what i can see - long acting reversible birth control is what is given to women who want family planning and are illiterate or would find difficulty understanding and sticking to the dosing . 
  that particular drug lasts for three months and wears off . 
  ( it 's not the five year iud a lot of professional women choose to use themselves . ), 
  the original migrants were coming from a subsistence economy with 90 % illiteracy into a first world country and needed to learn the language etc. 
  as kids with ethiopian ancestry are doing well in school and getting jobs and into uni and are confident in israeli society unlike their disadvantaged parents , it sounds like a resource intensive , successful but continuing integration process with the type of problems you 'd expect - well , i would expect as a person coming from australia with the same happening to various waves of people who have turned up there . 
  i wonder whether their shared judaism will make this process quicker or less challenging than if the same two big groups had gone to australia . 
  and you know this could be israel being set impossibly high standards and unusual scrutiny because they are a jewish country and that is by definition anti-semitism . 
  in 1991 israel airlifted 14,000 ethiopian jews - not white at all - to live in israel because it was concerned for their safety . 
  [ amazing story ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-36357423 ) . 
  drink a shot ( in my safe space ) . 
  to cope with mentions of nationalism and/or racism . 
  this is my new defence mechanism . 
  drink a shot . 
  drink a shot . 
  thanks . 
  are there many western migrants there yet ? 
  and do the people there want to keep you and integrate you ? 
  how are you going learning the language ? 
  and can you get by with english ? 
  i think ottoman talks go like this : https://youtu.be/bfw8kdpbkfc, 
  for once someone on this sub forgot to say nationalism and racism . 
  should be a drinking game by now . 
  ... neoconservatism , veganism , metamodernism , post structuralism , libertarianism , utilitarianism , internationalism , totalitarianism , anarchism ... 
  which denomination stops the other from receiving communion in its churches ? 
  put that big grudge down and take a rest . 
  yes , know that . 
  i referring to the myth about girls from catholic schools versus protestant schools in reply to the joke about islamic schools teaching children to blow stuff up and christian schools teaching children to only blow . 
  it 's just humour , can we keep humour ? 
  you mean a catholic school, 
  when has germany ever done anything in moderation ? 
  this is the problem . 
  it 's documented in lemkin 's papers and work . 
  when he coined the word genocide in 1944 he cited the 1915 mass murder of ethnic armenians by the young turk government of the ottoman empire as a seminal example of genocide . 
  edit : this is very cool , the papers are held by the new york public library http://archives.nypl.org/mss/1730 and lots of digitized records are [ here ] ( http://digital.cjh.org/r/bvr3vi6vgy7j2jxg35nl3h2x9t8rcnhh45mtt6cl7tsribdrm2-00063?func=collections-result&amp;collection%5fid=1661&amp;pds_handle=guest ) . 
  the old fashioned narrator 's voice sounds so cheerful when he says , `` these people whose mass dementia launched five wars in the last 80 years '' . 
  anyway . 
  the bit i found interesting is that there were 300,000 us occupation troops - is n't that double the number of the current army for all of germany ? 
  i 've never seen a german soldier or know what they look like . 
  i saw police officers walking a beat today in the town we live in nrw which was weird enough - it 's rare to see police in cars let alone out of a car . 
  good observation . 
  that is appalling . 
  especially since the word ` genocide ' was coined to describe what happened to the armenians . 
  i looked up whether the uk recognises the armenian genocide : scotland , wales and northern ireland do recognise it . 
  can you tell us who 's the denier and who 's the avoider ? 
  the article says `` the us warning , which is only the third in 20 years for europe '' . 
  that 's not the definition of often . 
  like a cornflower . 
  or a feather . 
  or a yellow star or yellow belt . 
  or a blue , red or black belt . 
  what about tartan or playing a harp ? 
  i liked reading the to and fro , very interesting . 
  yup . 
  i know . 
  why would history matter ? 
  the ways women are dressed and adorned could not be political or subversive or disruptive or be of any significance .
