  thanks for your visit . 
  seeing you persist with your spastic comments , let 's look at [ a report ] ( http://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/row/r44113.pdf ) on us ` assistance ' to latin america : ecuador 2011 - 24,254,000 2012 - 22,869,000 2013 - 18,846,000 2014 - 2,000,000 2015 - 0 2016 - ? 
  please take your us campaign spam elsewhere . 
  we ca n't even vote in this nightmare , so do n't make us suffer like americans . 
  btw happy 3rd comment , hip hip hoorfuckingray . 
  let 's go back to 2010 vintage journalism to answer that flippant remark : you do n't have to be a conspiracy theorist to find the timing of interpol 's warrant for the arrest of wikileaks founder julian assange , who turned himself in to british authorities this week , curious . 
  the charges - `` one count of unlawful coercion , two counts of sexual molestation and one count of rape , '' according to a statement from scotland yard - were brought against him in sweden last august , yet he suddenly graduated to `` most wanted '' status just after releasing over a thousand leaked diplomatic cables in late november ? 
  it would be irresponsible of journalists , bloggers and average citizens of countries most eager to plug the gushing wikileaks not to wonder if those dots connect . 
  still , as the new york times put it , `` there is no public evidence to suggest a connection , '' which some members of the public seem to find unbearably frustrating . 
  with no specific target for their suspicions and no easy way to find one , folks all over the blogosphere have been settling for the next best thing : making light of the sexual assault charges and smearing one of the alleged victims . 
  by sunday , when keith olbermann retweeted bianca jagger 's link to a post about the accuser 's supposed cia ties - complete with scare quotes around the word `` rape '' - a narrative had clearly taken hold : whatever assange did , it sure was n't rape-rape . 
  all he did was fail to wear a rubber !, 
  and one woman who claims he assaulted her has serious credibility issues anyway . 
  she threw a party in his honour after the fact and tried to pull down the incriminating tweets . 
  is n't that proof enough ? 
  the only reason the charges got traction is that , in the radical feminist utopia of sweden under queen lisbeth salander , if a woman does n't have multiple orgasms during hetero sex , the man can be charged with rape . 
  you did n't know ? 
  even naomi wolf - naomi effin ' wolf !, 
  - has taken a public swipe at assange 's accusers , using her status as a `` long-time feminist '' to underscore the absurdity of `` the alleged victims ... using feminist-inspired rhetoric and law to assuage what appears to be personal injured feelings '' . 
  wow . 
  admittedly , i do n't have as much experience being a feminist as wolf has , but when i see a swarm of people with exactly zero direct access to the facts of a rape case loudly insisting that the accusation has no merit , i usually start to wonder about their credibility . 
  and their sources . 
  wolf links to exactly one , an article in british tabloid the daily mail . 
  `` using a number of sources including leaked police interviews , '' writes richard pendlebury , `` we can begin to piece together the sequence of events which led to assange 's liberty being threatened by stockholm police rather than washington , where already one us politician has called on him to be executed for ` spying ' . '', 
  well !, 
  a reasonable person might be sceptical of information coming from a single anonymous source via a publication known for highly sensationalised reporting , sure , but in this case , there are a number of them . 
  that daily mail article also helped to inspire a december 3 gizmodo post in which jesus diaz boldly asserted , `` while you can say assange is a douchebag for not putting a condom on and continuing after the woman requested he use a condom , there was no rape accusation in both cases . '', 
  the other source for that claim was an aol news article that relied on ( hey , look ! ), 
  the same daily mail piece , a swedish tabloid , and statements from assange 's lawyers to cobble together a theory of what happened and why assange was charged . 
  rock solid !, 
  to diaz and gizmodo 's credit , they quickly posted an update upon learning that the swedish prosecution office had `` issued a notice saying that they are charging assange with rape , sexual molestation and unlawful coercion . '', 
  diaz added , `` obviously , this is now a completely different issue altogether . 
  rape , sexual molestation and unlawful coercion are extremely grave accusations . 
  this is not the ` sex by surprise ' accusation that was discussed before . '', 
  ( i do n't know that i 'd go as far as `` a completely different issue altogether '' - feministe 's jill filipovic wrote a terrific explanation of why `` sex by surprise '' actually is a pretty big deal - but good on him for acknowledging that much . ), 
  still , the notion that consensual , unprotected sex equals rape in sweden ( despite millions of swedish fathers walking around free today ) continues zipping around the internet . 
  one wonders if the statement from swedish authorities , which elaborates that assange is accused of `` using his body weight to hold [ a woman ] down in a sexual manner '' and having intercourse with a sleeping woman , among other things , will even slow them down . 
  ok , so maybe the charges really are for rape-rape , but still - the woman has cia ties !, 
  i 've read that on at least a dozen blogs !, 
  keith olbermann tweeted it and everything !, 
  that 's got to be coming from a highly credible source , right ? 
  actually , as far as i can tell , the only source for that claim is an august counterpunch article by assange fanboys ( seriously , they recast him as neo of `` the matrix '' ) israel shamir and paul bennett . 
  here 's the most damning evidence shamir and bennett have compiled against assange 's accuser : 1 ) she 's published `` anti-castro diatribes '' in a swedish-language publication that , according to an oslo professor , michael seltzer ( who ? 
  ) , is `` connected with union liberal cubana led by carlos alberto montaner , '' who reportedly has cia ties . 
  let me repeat that : she has been published in a journal that is connected with a group that is led by a guy with cia ties . 
  says this one guy . 
  2 ) `` in cuba she interacted with the feminist anti-castro group las damas de blanco ( the ladies in white ) . 
  this group receives us government funds and the convicted anti-communist terrorist luis posada carriles is a friend and supporter . '', 
  that link goes to an english translation of a spanish article noting that at a march last spring , posada `` wander [ ed ] unleashed and un-vaccinated along calle ocho in miami , marching alongside '' - wait for it - `` gloria estefan in support of the so-called ladies in white . '', 
  apparently , it 's `` an established fact '' that posada and the ladies also share a shady benefactor , which means he should clearly be called a `` friend '' of the organisation , and this is totally relevant to the rape charges against julian assange , because the accuser once interacted with them in some manner . 
  3 ) the accuser is a known feminist who once wrote a blog post about getting revenge on men , and `` was involved in gender studies in uppsala university , in charge of gender equality in the students ' union , a junior inquisitor of sorts . '', 
  are you kidding me ? 
  that 's what we 're basing the `` cia ties '' meme on ? 
  an article that reads like a screenplay treatment by a college freshman who 's terrified of women ? 
  actual quote : '' [ t ] he matrix plays dirty and lets loose a sex bomb upon our intrepid neo . 
  when you ca n't contest the message , you smear the messenger . 
  sweden is tailor-made for sending a young man into a honey trap . '', 
  look , for all i know , assange 's primary accuser does have cia ties . 
  perhaps it was all a setup from the beginning . 
  perhaps she is lying through her teeth about the rape . 
  anything is possible . 
  but in the absence of any real evidence one way or another , we 're choosing to believe these guys ? 
  or at least this guy at firedoglake , who says he 's `` spent much of [ his ] professional life as a psychiatrist helping women ( and men ) who are survivors of sexual violence '' - giving his post a shiny veneer of credibility , even though it 's a pure regurgitation of shamir and bennett 's - but segues from there into an indictment of the accuser 's post-rape behaviour . 
  she socialised with her attacker again !, 
  an expert like him can tell you that real victims never do that . 
  the fact is , we just do n't know anything right now . 
  assange may be a rapist , or he may not . 
  his accuser may be a spy or a liar or the heir to valerie solanas , or she might be a sexual assault victim who now also gets to enjoy having her name dragged through the mud , or all of the above . 
  the charges against assange may be retaliation for cablegate or ( cough ) they may not . 
  public evidence , as the times noted , is scarce . 
  so , it 's heartening to see that in the absence of same , my fellow liberal bloggers are so eager to abandon any pretence of healthy scepticism and rush to discredit an alleged rape victim based on some tabloid articles and a feverish post by someone who is perhaps not the most trustworthy source . 
  well done , friends !, 
  what a fantastic show of research , critical thinking and , as always , respect for women . '', 
  no-one is afraid of a rape charge in sweden anymore . 
  he did n't run away from a rape allegation , he feared extradition in relation to his work . 
  btw he is accused of not wearing a condom and sleeping separately with two groupies who did n't appreciate finding out about him screwing around/not being the love of his life . 
  you reckon ecuador was n't encouraged or bribed to do that ? 
  why now ? 
  i 'm confused : why does reuters refer to the report of the emails by another media outlet instead of reporting on the emails itself ? 
  this is a simulation of news reporting . 
  can anyone explain germany 's big love of depeche mode ? 
  indeed . 
  i 'd be happy for kids to be taught the history of the development of human rights ' culture and from which hardships , conflicts and belief system it emerged from . 
  no need to educate me , i still think treason and borders are a thing . 
  well , that does n't make sense . 
  i did n't think we justified anything using a biological basis anymore . 
  to be human you need to act human . 
  my parrot deserves more rights than a war criminal or terrorist . 
  plus finding the bombs he made, 
  `` those who hold the chancellor responsible for the huge influx of refugees who arrived in germany late last year point to three events . 
  the first is merkel 's statement that `` we can do it , '' first uttered during her traditional summer press conference on aug. 31 , 2015 . 
  the second is the famous selfie showing merkel with a refugee , taken during her visit to a hostel in berlin on sept. 10 . 
  third , and most important , was merkel 's decision on sept. 5 to accept thousands of refugees who had set out to walk from keleti station in budapest to germany . '', 
  critics always point to dublin suspension in august as being the market signal . 
  the article mentions a bamf tweet on 25 august a day after the uk 's news reporting . 
  giving responsibility to bamf not merkel . 
  am i missing the bit you can see ? 
  the other interesting date is the surge in google searches friday 14 august 2015 . 
  so , something triggered that . 
  a curious journalist would investigate that instead of trying to shift the focus to a month later .
