  and missing the days when everyone was shitting on riverdance instead of questioning the authenticity of irish gaelic and talking about denying bavarian people self determination . 
  saw that image on similar tobacco packets in a german supermarket yesterday . 
  today is the day of packing the decorations away and throwing the empty christmas tree on the street for recycling , so your tradition sounds more interesting . 
  edit : and we put a ceramic piglet and pig decorations in the window for new year good luck . 
  ` swamp ' sounds so much nicer than ` sand ' or ` jungle ' ... 
  it is not as remarkable that the seat of bishop is preserved compared to a church . 
  aside from that , the actual building at trier in comparison to the st reinold building was completed in the same year , 1270 , while the former was commenced in 1235 compared to st reinold 's in 1250 . 
  unless the msm is splitting hairs based on the age of the use of the site as well as the classification of the building . 
  but then again , the first site of a church in germany is at hedeby/haithabu c 850 . 
  edit : or is the msm excluding roman and dane churches in germany and only counting the ethnically german ones within 1990 german borders ? 
  a church is different to a cathedral . 
  is st reinold 's the oldest church or is there an older one ? 
  which is the oldest church ? 
  i posted it because of the cluster of very serious crimes in freiburg , but it was removed because a german university criminologist is [ not a credible source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5ev3jj/working_sort_of_hard_to_find_a_serial/ ) . 
  reuters reported on the police press conference [ here ] ( http://reut.rs/2hcyenk ) . 
  this blog post refers to a bild report , but [ i ca n't find it ] ( http://www.germanjoys.eu/2016/12/ambush-rapist-in-bochum-is-31-year-old-iraqi-migrant.html ) . 
  yep , superficial . 
  there was that morroccan teenage girl who stabbed at policeman in the neck at hanover train station earlier in the year . 
  she is an isis supporter . 
  that is frightening . 
  is this a tolerable cost of meeting humanitarian obligations ? 
  seriously , what 's the damage cut-off limit to one society 's civilian population while assisting another ? 
  i would say zero aside from unpredictable accidents , but then i think vetting and detention centres are acceptable . 
  there is so much new crime , it not possible to suppress and thanks to police leaks we get some insights based on data rather than just the drip , drip of local news and anecdotes . 
  one police leak revealed 43 per cent of crime in that city was committed by those without german nationality , and refugees committed 18-19 per cent of sexual insults and more serious sex offences . 
  refugees are 1.37 per cent of the total population in that city . 
  robberies on trains [ up 25 per cent ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/reise/ablenkungs-trick-tatort-bahnhof-1.3177886 ) after going up 20 per cent the year before . 
  i 'm gullible ? 
  and the ambush rapist in bochum who intended to kill one his victims , but she managed to survive . 
  that iraqi rapist lived in a refugee shelter . 
  the afghani rapist murderer of ladenburger lived as a 17 year old unaccompanied minor with german foster parents in their freiburg home . 
  which reminds me of the pakistani 17 year old terrorist in a german home with german foster parents who tried to hack tourists up on the train with an axe . 
  there are so many of these nightmarish crimes in spite of so much german compassion and support . 
  greece should request assistance from a non eu country to resettle these men for that very reason . 
  far away . 
  no , to australians and new zealanders it looks like an affair that nearly destroyed our marriage . 
  so , you missed this bit of the article ? 
  '' ... that 31 % believed the us government was behind the 9/11 terror attacks with a further 7 % blaming the jews and only 4 % saying al-qaida was responsible . '', 
  in 1850 france 's population was half was it is now . 
  where do french people celebrate births , deaths and marriages ? 
  is religion so stigamatized in france that people do n't use the buildings and the customs without faith ? 
  a town getting together and having the ability to communicate and organise as a group is a powerful thing to have lost and not have a substitute for . 
  this report claims 2,800 churches will be demolished because the demolition is cheaper than the maintenance , and that the taxpayers of france are paying for mosques . 
  this info is said to come from a senate report , but i can not check that because sadly i have no french . 
  nothing , except when the categories are used for propaganda . 
  i find that weird too . 
  that was to demonstrate your bias because neither thing exists . 
  the very language you use is a problem . 
  try using different words other than ` wing ' and ` right ' . 
  your language denies the legitimacy of having non left-wing views and links conservatism , classical liberalism , libertarianism , nationalism and other culturally normal political traditions with state sponsored terrorism as well as lawless , anti-democratic , racially or religiously motivated prejudice and murder . 
  if you do not understand the consequences of growing political polarisation in a society , you fail to see the quite predictable consequences . 
  you are trying to use a narrative that excludes left-wing terrorism and introduces a great murderous blob you 'd like to associate with the term ` right-wing ' which is as bad as conflating muslims and islamic terrorism . 
  there 's something very wrong when arguing for moderation gets you a far-right label . 
  normal people voted for brexit and for trump . 
  normal people are voting differently because they want change - you ca n't ignore this fact or avoid the panic in the msm about it . 
  normal people do absolutely give a shit about whether crime is a product of their own society or something over which they have no control or understanding . 
  yeah , a + problem solving there . 
  no-one defends acting outside the law or taking the life of another . 
  have you considered who benefits if you succeed in conceptualizing all violence and murder as the same as islamist terrorism based on a foreign religious doctrine ? 
  all you 're doing is slowing down the debate and adding to the polarisation in politics . 
  stop trying to equate a symptom with the disease . 
  yes , higher rates of adhd in the us and australia . 
  what explains dutch enterprise ? 
  muhummad said , `` i have been made victorious with terror '' . 
  `` toilet spider '' !, 
  does slovakia have scarey spiders like redbacks ? 
  fundy christianity is peaceful . 
  no amish terrorising anyone . 
  as is baha'i , buddhism , confucianism , hinduism , judaism , shinto , sikhism , taoism , and zoroastrianism . 
  guess who said , `` i have been made victorious with terror '' ? 
  i 'm not particularly interested in western culture bashing . 
  fundy islam is incompatible with all other religions as well as atheism . 
  she does n't care . 
  she is in fact causing this ` unforeseen ' policy incentive for other countries like italy , greece and bulgaria to manage : https://youtu.be/pabotp-4zbm . 
  look at the size of that inflatable and the number of lifejacket free men who ca n't swim . 
  how much death will it take to change this irresponsible policy ? 
  merkel is the embodiment of social policy ignorance and recklessness . 
  i thought you said you were n't erasing anything ? 
  lol . 
  those losses maybe invisible to you if you do not come from a christian culture based on individuality , equality and democracy . 
  your comment suggests you are not talking about mass migration from incompatible political systems and religions . 
  but perhaps you know that . 
  there are two bbc documentaries which are really interesting : britain 's child beggars : https://youtu.be/ojrgc8pmqu8 gypsy child thieves : https://youtu.be/thinoddvvmq, 
  multi-ethnic and multicultural now ? 
  super technical . 
  newspeak . 
  i bet apartheid is now multiculturalism . 
  not our people , not our culture , not our religion , not our society . 
  we can talk about the european victims of the ottomans and the eventual conquest of the ottomans . 
  yes , it is interesting in the same way as any other number of other countries in the world , but not that interesting . 
  as douglas murray said , islamic culture is the slowest kid in the class and we 've been moving at the speed of islam for 15 years ( since 9/11 ) and it 's time to move on . 
  if you do n't see it as part of a bigger picture , it is a beautiful advert . 
  but i agree with you , it 's an eu allegory , and it is dissonant to celebrate brain drain , the loss of language , culture and extended family , respect for parents and the next generation to another country . 
  i know what my mother would say if i sent her a pile of german language learning materials . 
  i would n't hear the end of it . 
  and her country has n't lost hundreds of thousands of people to germany . 
  lol . 
  is that what they like to call it ? 
  not many christians and symbols of christianity are left , so more symbols of domination and conquest . 
  the history of the turks is definitely not multicultural , the definition of multicultural does n't include imperialist expansion , genocide , slavery , the subjagation of minorities and taxing them in exchange for existence .
