  women are passive , meaningless and benign - and certainly not subject to social control . 
  women can only express what is pious and modest and feminine . 
  so much so that it does n't matter if foreign entities pay money for women to wear islamic dress in europe and the us because that is also meaningless . 
  we 've really moved on from like 13 years ago : `` a survey conducted in france in may 2003 found that 77 percent of girls wearing the hijab said they did so because of physical threats from islamist groups . 
  a series in the newspaper lib\u00e9ration in 2003 documented how muslim women and girls in france who refuse to wear the hijab are insulted , rejected , and often physically threatened by muslim males . 
  one of the teenage girls interviewed said , `` every day , bearded men come to me and advise me strongly on wearing the veil . 
  it is a war . 
  for now , there are no dead , but there are looks and words that do kill . '', 
  i mentioned syrians in reply to the previous comment . 
  a refugee can also be an american like snowdon or an australian like assange . 
  people from kosovo are generally no longer considered to be refugees . 
  your understanding of the refugee convention is very , very broad . 
  a war does not mean everyone from that country is a refugee . 
  a refugee is an individual ( not a group ) who has a `` well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country '' - from article 1 of the 1951 un refugee convention and in section 3 of the german asylum law . 
  you are woefully misinformed about australia 's arrangements . 
  migrants and refugees in detention in nauru and on manus island are free to return to their countries of origin at any time or be resettled in a country other than australia . 
  apparently living in cambodia or png is not good enough - neither are the many countries people pass through on their way to get to australia by boat from indonesia . 
  the australian policy is based on decades of experience with chain migration , fraudulent asylum claims and attempts to circumvent its complex and large immigration program . 
  do you more have a problem with concepts such as sovereignty and rule of law ? 
  i agree that we should help refugees but not if it means harming or coming at an unacceptable cost to our own citizens and societies . 
  people are n't being racist and xenophobic . 
  `` irrational xenophobia '' does not involve a [ crime wave ] ( https://www.google.com/mymaps/viewer?mid=1_rnt3k2zxb-f9z-2nsfmibqkxcs&amp;hl=en_us ) of actual rapes , other assaults , robberies and murders . 
  it is reasonable and rational to be fearful about this and to take measures to stop it . 
  most of the migrants are n't refugees . 
  syrians have made up less than half of the migrants arriving in europe : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:countries_of_origin_of_ ( non-eu ) _ asylum_seekers_in_the_eu-28_member_states , _ 2014_and_2015 _ ( thousands_of_first_time_applicants ) _ yb16.png this information is not right wing . 
  it is information . 
  help !, 
  someone call the post-postmodern police , someone was co-opted in a virtual conversation without consent . 
  that is they consented to be a part of the conversation but did not identify with the conversation and it 's terrible and wrong ... 
  seriously . 
  yes , that 's definitely a problem that people identify with and fight for islam without reading the texts or even find out what a hideous man they must emulate , however it is equally a problem that we ignore the reality that many do know what is proscribed in the koran and hadiths . 
  the fact is violent , aggressive , supremacist , misogynistic islamists are very islamic . 
  i can not forget what chechen terrorists did at the beslan school siege , those hundreds of dead children and the injured children who got away but have spent the last 12 years with the memory of a mother or father who was killed . 
  why would chechens get on any better with europeans ? 
  we ca n't just make an educated or hopeful guess about strangers anymore - that is irrational . 
  in germany we see news reports of chechens violently not tolerating non muslims in [ asylum seeker homes ] ( http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article155573005/massenschlaegerei-zwischen-tschetschenen-und-jesiden.html ) in austria there was a tv interview with a young chechen who was asked what he would do if his sister left the house without wearing an islamic headscarf , he said : [ `` then i 'd kill her '' ] ( https://www.vice.com/alps/read/das-ist-die-wirklichkeit-junger-tschetschenen-in-oesterreich-159 ) . 
  i am very unkeen to go back to assuming people are all free thinking individuals untied to their culture and religion . 
  everything tells me this is the exception not the rule . 
  chechnya is probably the country with the highest proportion of radical islamists in the entire world right now . 
  what if many of those coming to europe are radical islamists fleeing russian security measures ? 
  obviously they will lie to european immigration authorities . 
  are you too young to remember the airliner bombings , assassinations of pro-moscow chechen leaders , and unprecedentedly brutal attacks in the moscow theater siege ( 2002 ) , moscow metro ( 2004 ) and in beslan ( 2004 ) ? 
  we need an explanation for why so many chechens are fighting in the me and in ukraine . 
  i say let 's not be naive . 
  please . 
  do you know much about demographics ? 
  the majority of that 500 million are n't young men . 
  about 20 % are currently over 65 and only 15 % are children . 
  in turkey 29 % are children . 
  in germany the arrival of so many young foreign males means that in that same age group ethnic german men are now outnumbered and there are not enough german females in that same age group . 
  aside from the obvious problem , this also causes more crime and violence . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:population_age_structure_by_major_age_groups,_2004_and_2014_ ( % 25_of_the_total_population ) _ yb15.png europe has a fertility rate of 1.38 . 
  to maintain europe as we have known it the fertility rate needs to be 2.1 + . 
  in my kid 's high school in germany in a so-called very german town about 75 % of the senior students are ethnic germans , however in the city kindergarten only 50 % or less are ethnic germans . 
  if you have migrants arriving who are accustomed to living in poverty and who can easily adapt to a welfare income , especially welfare and accommodation which pays extra for each child born , then your welfare state is providing an incentive for a higher birthrate in its welfare dependent class . 
  what about migrants who arrive with a religious imperative to have as many children as possible ? 
  how does an anti fascist group justify assaulting and humiliating a politician like that ? 
  i may be the wrong person to debate this with - i 'm an australian married to a german , so my perspective is quite different . 
  i would suggest that political islam has more in common with nazism than the afd does . 
  and , yes , many people who believe in islam are not only being discussed but thousands are under surveillance . 
  why would n't it be so ? 
  it 's a totalitarian ideology linked to terrible , brutal crimes . 
  separately , there are cultural problems that come along with non political or religious people , migrants , who have come from islamic countries to live in western countries . 
  those societies produce a culture of violent intolerance of minorities , subjagation of other beliefs and oppression of women and girls and the list of bad things goes on . 
  my view is that boateng should get an apology and the afd politician should resign or be dismissed . 
  that comment was so offensive , it was personal ( regardless of whether accidentally personal or not ) and it was racist . 
  the completely separate subject you raise : `` there 's this myth that people ca n't debate islam . '', 
  that 's not a myth . 
  how could you forget those who live under constant police protection or those who have been murdered for political cartoons or film making ? 
  we can anonymously debate easily enough . 
  people like wafa sultan and ayaan hirsi ali live with death threats for debating islam . 
  that 's a nameless commenter on a facebook page . 
  i thought pegida was a political organisation with officials . 
  according to that logic we are reddit activists making attributable public statements on behalf of reddit right now . 
  i understood the sense of it as people get alienated if they do not see reflections of themselves , and i understand this to be true for all people in all places and a non controversial observation . 
  the other sentiment is the acknowledgement of the heightened tensions in germany due to mass migration and that is also a non controversial observation . 
  i have no issue with putting all the players on the packaging , the least favourite players will be bought by me when they 're half price at lidl . 
  not the first italian company to feature human diversity in its advertising , benetton is famous for it , however i expect this is a celebration of football/soccer players rather than beauty . 
  and i 'm a migrant to germany . 
  what was the official pegida statement on this ? 
  i have n't been able to find it . 
  my german is n't that advanced . 
  i think you might be overreacting to english as a second language and that 's not really fair here . 
  true . 
  the guardian article did n't seek an official comment from pegida to find out what its position is ( as it ethically should ) , if indeed it has a position on this , however it included a statement from ferrero , the chocolate maker . 
  i am interested to see if pegida is that retarded , so i just looked up pegida bodensee ( page is down ) and pegida nrw has a statement posted distancing itself and denying such a position . 
  so , it looks like a beat up to me . 
  misleading reporting there or wishful thinking by the guardian . 
  the article states that : `` a photograph of two boxes of the chocolate bar ... were shared last week on the facebook page of the bodensee branch of the anti-refugee protest movement . '', 
  i can report that today i read in the guardian online that poland should be invaded ( in the comments section by a nutter using the internet ) . 
  i 'm guessing here , but is it possible that racist people are using the internet and posting irrational and offensive comments on pegida branch fb pages as well as the guardian website ? 
  am i the only person to read the article ? 
  it is more than sad , it is heart breaking : http://m.dw.com/en/polite-and-humorous-german-teen-niklas-p-remembered-at-bad-godesberg-funeral/a-19274563, 
  yes , this was my experience as a child in australia , but there was actually a mix of cultures rather than two similar ones and the australians 1:1 - my little friends were from greece , fiji , india , poland , estonia , lebanon and china . 
  there was no victim culture or racism either ( though i 'm sure my friends ' parents would have experienced garden variety racism ) . 
  that said , what was n't present were large sibling groups with small age gaps or class and clan and welfare dependency factors . 
  islam was not an issue . 
  but then that 's the downside of unregulated and unplanned mass immigration , you ca n't get the scale or mix right to fit the local population . 
  anyone can observe this in our area if you go to an indoor play centre for little kids . 
  unsupervised whole sibling groups can be seen monopolising the play equipment and dominating single kids and , dare i say it , dutch and german children .
