  ( same goes for reducing tax ... not probable to generate imports ) subsidies imports ? 
  who would do that ... 
  what is it with that singer called german ? 
  revival tour ? 
  compare these two : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/identit%c3%a4t http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/identity_%28social_science%29 the german one is quite a bit longer ... what this actually says about `` identity '' in general is up to speculation though . 
  g most likely is autocomplete and `` wikipedia '' as standard search engine put somewhre inf ff/chrome . 
  ... although dumb enough , everything else seems even dumber, 
  `` i hate europe '' automatically seems to go to `` merkel is bad mommy '' ... 
  visited both several times . 
  all shitholes ;-), 
  on par with germany ... the two biggest complainers are still head2head, 
  took this graph : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp ( 341 -  241 ), 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_last_king_of_scotland_%28film%29 ? 
  inhaled argon gas ? 
  thought it was like helium - non-toxic . 
  or did he simply suffocate ? 
  what happened to ireland ? 
  people do n't get pensions there ? 
  well it shows how it `` could have been '' - and as others already mentioned : cutting back on pensions is a very hard thing to do . 
  ( someone could put a price indication/wage comparison next to it - most pensions are calculated in comparison to either one ), 
  gdp in greece declined 30 % from high-now . 
  18 % -30 % = 12.6 , so yes its a little bit higher then eu average ... 
  at least not in germany . 
  why should any country accept them besides asylum ? 
  what citizenship ? 
  for whom ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  just checked . 
  1.5 mio , mostly syrian , some iraqi ( kurds ), 
  turkey close to 1mio . 
  wont happen . 
  seehofer would be the one responsible ? 
  not gon na happen . 
  just to add some german specific attitudes here : germany has n't that much of a `` national pride '' . 
  for one it 's obviously not something ppl . 
  are too proud of because patriotism will always be connected to nationalism here ... and we know how that turned out , another one is that this nation was n't a nation till 1871 . 
  so you much more identify with region , then a state . 
  and it 's probably easier to connect to being a oberfranke ( north of nuremberg ) then a german . 
  your system is rigged - not regarding foreigners , regarding all of it . 
  other countries do pay benefit based on former income , restricted to a period of time . 
  otherwise it 's the social welfare benefit , which is not appliable to immigrants that never worked in the country . 
  all these rules apply to all people living in the country ( eu-immigrant or citizen ) the uk on the other side did n't ever think of a system that relates benefits to former income ... and just pay the same to all ( this is simplified - but you know what i mean ) . 
  now they come up and say `` he let 's just do this for citizens and exclude the immigrants/expats '' . 
  and that is exactly what violates the treaty : different rights for uk-citizens towards other eu-citizens . 
  we just treat everyone equally bad - you want to treat some worse then the others . 
  edit : shamelessly copied a good answer from this guardian comment section longer than three months assumes that people are working , studying , retired or a dependent . 
  after five years residence people are entitled to unlimited residence rights , which practically gives access to all benefits that nationals are entitled to , including the harz iv benefits which are similar to what was previously known as social security in the uk . 
  longer than three months but shorter than five years generally only gives access to contributory benefits , but subsidiary benefits ( housing support ) and tax benefits ( tax allowance ) are also paid . 
  and there in the nutshell is both the reason for the uk 's , overstated , problems and the solution . 
  bring back unemployment benefit as a contributory benefit and separate it from social security , to be paid to nationals who are either not entitled to unemployment benefit or who have ` used up ' their entitlement . 
  the only non-nationals able to receive social security would be people living and contributing in the uk for a minimum of five years . 
  culture is n't about place of birth/race/ethnity . 
  it 's about values ... that can be shared . 
  i understand that it is a farfetched idea for an israeli to share values with a palastinian - but germany is not under constant threat - and therefore we do not think like this . 
  source ? 
  ca n't find any majority for that . 
  just because the uk has a fucked up welfare system - does not mean others have this problem too . 
  interesting ... i 'm currently on vacation in telaviv and visited a friend of mine this evening ... with his wife and 3 kids . 
  we have none ( and probably keep it that way ) . 
  it 's a very cultural thing . 
  while in israel the culture puts very much emphasize on kides ( talmud saying 1girl/1boy at least ? 
  that 's correct ? ), 
  and the fear of `` the arabs `` out-multiply us '' is visible , we germans did n't give a shit about kids . 
  especially not after a tired israeli drove us back to our apt . 
  at 10 pm , while i had a lot of appetite for more beer ;-), 
  not again restructuring a former east bloc infrastructure ... 
  is it used in austria frequently ? 
  to be fair , leipzig may be the closest thing to berlin there is . 
  its different in lets say g\u00f6rlitz . 
  but switzerland is the worlds largest importer of eg copper ... on paper . 
  because of glencore . 
  just one basic argument for all cases . 
  eu citizens must have the same rights as nationals . 
  end of story . 
  the distance between the 2 benches is longer then 2 sword lengths ... 
  dat real ? 
  problem : if he is downvoted too much , noone reads your remark . 
  in the favour of reading yours , i upvoted his ... 
  obama could go under `` grey '' though ... he 's approaching morgan freeman . 
  and angie is not much of a blonde . 
  damn airbus delays . 
  greece can decide whatever they want i guess ... just not decide receiving money ... 
  your system is rigged - not regarding foreigners , regarding all of it . 
  both countries do pay benefit based on former income , restricted to a period of time . 
  otherwise it 's the social welfare benefit , which is not appliable to immigrants that never worked in the country . 
  all these rules apply to all people living in the country ( eu-immigrant or citizen ) the uk on the other side did n't ever think of a system that relates benefits to former income ... and just pay the same to all ( this is simplified - but you know what i mean ) . 
  now they come up and say `` he let 's just do this for citizens and exclude the immigrants/expats '' . 
  and that is exactly what violates the treaty : different rights for uk-citizens towards other eu-citizens . 
  we just treat everyone equally bad - you want to treat some worse then the others . 
  edit : shamelessly copied a good answer from [ this guardian comment section ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/nov/11/germany-deny-benefits-welfare-jobless-eu-migrants ) longer than three months assumes that people are working , studying , retired or a dependent . 
  after five years residence people are entitled to unlimited residence rights , which practically gives access to all benefits that nationals are entitled to , including the harz iv benefits which are similar to what was previously known as social security in the uk . 
  longer than three months but shorter than five years generally only gives access to contributory benefits , but subsidiary benefits ( housing support ) and tax benefits ( tax allowance ) are also paid . 
  and there in the nutshell is both the reason for the uk 's , overstated , problems and the solution . 
  bring back unemployment benefit as a contributory benefit and separate it from social security , to be paid to nationals who are either not entitled to unemployment benefit or who have ` used up ' their entitlement . 
  the only non-nationals able to receive social security would be people living and contributing in the uk for a minimum of five years . 
  take argentina and have a look . 
  you might miss the point that the euro already was an opt-out ... because the idea was to introduce it all over europe ... it btw is still the idea . 
  why is it a germanic union ? 
  ( btw : in this case one could count the uk as a germanic country ... but that 's just semantics ) . 
  90 % of that failings come from not going towards a fully integrated union , 10 % of non-existing restrictions on banking ... pretty much the opposite of what the uk proposes . .
