  its cheap that nuclear they said ... 
  its sch\u00e4uble ... not merkel . 
  i let you hereby know the german chuckled . 
  5 points ? 
  syrian daniel day lewis fights lybian leonardo dicaprio ... 
  you might have lost a couple dozen banks on that way ... not necessarily morally bad - but most likely fatal . 
  time to ask the important question : `` who pays you ? '', 
  just read that tax delay was extended for rich ppl ... 
  finger here ... just joking, 
  no but the typical shifting of discussion subject while discussing like you just did is either scientology , nlp-educated or paid pr-writer . 
  which is it ? 
  brace yourselves . 
  germans complaining are coming ( soon ) . 
  who pays you ? 
  that is the most useless article i read since months ... 
  oh forgot the bad boy germany attitude around here . 
  thats perfect to open this discussion . 
  we can flood their market without restrictions , tax , different regulations . 
  its like a rape . 
  the european public has yet to emerge and form itself . 
  till now it 's still country-based . 
  many wise man think this is a prerequisite to form a united europe . 
  a common understanding of it 's own values , standing and also of it 's common `` enemy '' is the first step . 
  so just see it as a your share of helping to form the european union . 
  rumbling in tram . 
  old guy was speaking to himself . 
  i yelled at him : `` shut up or i 'll hit you hard '' . 
  he started mumbling excuses ... might as well have been tourette . 
  not too brave . 
  based on the history of his posts ... not the history of his country . 
  and thx for the reminder about my personal responsibility for a genocide . 
  based on your history you hate unions , general health insurance , democrats . 
  you love guns want to bomb most arab countries and think they are retards ... but you fear entering a european country ... you know what ? 
  stay the fuck home ... edit : scroll through his threads/posts . 
  they do n't come anymore redneck then him . 
  fas is a respected newspaper . 
  tldr : last discussion with greek finance ministre secretary was described as `` upsetting '' . 
  sources are quoted he kept repeating `` where is the money '' described as behaving like a `` cab driver '' . 
  no further details to reforms provided . 
  more a scapegoat germany article . 
  will not happen . 
  as long as they are part of the emfprogramm = bailout . 
  works ? 
  fair ? 
  to whom ? 
  technically yes , could go forever . 
  and it wont be much additional money ... its a roll over of debts . 
  till the day they pay off the debt ... or it is cut . 
  3rd bailout will happen . 
  again the alternative would be bankruptcy ... you could stop right now if this would be something acceptable . 
  hmm . 
  in this case the tanks etc. 
  were the cause as you just admitted ... 
  so the most logical idea would be : sell the subs , tanks , mercedes ? 
  700bn tanks and subs is not even the us army/navy proportion ... 
  we did n't discuss it the wrong way . 
  and yes most of the money did not go to greece ... but why should it ? 
  the greek gouvernments did gather a rather impressive amount of debt before the first bailout - where did that money go ? 
  nonetheless - solutions can only be found by looking forward , and not blaming backwards . 
  everyone could ... if i offer you 100mio to steal a bicycle , would n't you ? 
  or would be 500.000 enough ? 
  no did n't say recently ... said gave away . 
  yes sorry - was n't precise enough there, 
  even has it 's own wikipedia-entry : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/visa-aff%c3%a4re, 
  to be fair - some german officials in ukraine gave away visas for bribe money ... 
  `` free movement in europe '' means also same rights in any country . 
  germany : not much . 
  dansk minority party in northern germany has a lower election theshold , so they can enter state parliament more easy - and they are part of the state gouvernment . 
  sorbs and frisean language is accepted as legacy and supported . 
  sorbs are accepted as minority . 
  ca n't think of any other minorities . 
  law-wise ? 
  cologne is gay-hq in germany . 
  because germany paid 115mn . 
  ( 450mn euros today ) and 30k tons machinery to greece , transfered hundreds of bn . 
  to europe , which transfered 100bn to greece in the last 20yrs , and guarantee 60bn of greek debt . 
  seems generous ... 
  hmmmm . 
  let me think hard ... concentrating ... nope, 
  da fuck ... ask a german to open beer bottles . 
  it 's a din 6099 , 0.235 mm , 21 teeth ... and here are 1000ways to open it : http://stuff.twoday.net/ or a video of the most common ways : https://youtu.be/j0wvoyklwj4, 
  wrong . 
  this 120bn are all debt to greek creditors . 
  not state loans . 
  state loans were rghly 15bn : i know ... everyone seems to keep forgetting this fact about greek banks being bailed out : http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jun/17/greece-debt-crisis-bank-exposed, 
  see thats the fun part every greek seems to forget : yes 90bn bailout went to banks . 
  yes german and french banks dumped roughly 15bn greek debt to the european public ( 15 !!! ) . 
  whops 45bn were dumped by greek banks ... because otherwise the greek ppl . 
  would have lost everything . 
  wtf happened to all this other debt ? 
  surely no bank-bailouts . 
  lets just say if we would achieve that level again sweden would be submerged, 
  oh they did restructure some loans ... from like 3 % to 15 % loans ... 
  ah let 's go for the pun : * `` greece would pay back the russian prepayment after the pipeline started operating , without specifying a sum '' * i had a laugh . 
  only one that threatened the police and was shot ... which is still disputable if self-defense was necessary . 
  other then that maybe a lot more - but harmless, 
  what if germany would never been formed 1871 and we would still live in 30 kingdoms , dutchys , mini-states ? 
  would it prevent worldwars ? 
  likely . 
  would we have merged with other countries , like france , austria , denmark , netherlands ?
