  he really is a master of politics ... 
  sorry ... always had bad marks in shool at french . 
  ( and they definitely did n't teach me that phrase anyway ) . 
  i 'll stop mutilating your language immediately ;-), 
  what ` s your take on `` baisse-moi '' ? 
  i know it 's completely artificial ... but it has a dystopian view on banlieues . 
  did n't a hedge fund impound an argentinian plane in ny some years ago ? 
  to be fair even me listened to mc solar before la haine . 
  although completely on another level banlieue 13 has some themes that could be seen as a next_level of la haine ( i know i know ... it 's a cheap action b-movie and has none of the social , artistic or authenticity ) . 
  in germany one step `` in-between '' the 20yrs old and today is probably the movie [ `` head-on '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0347048/ ) worth a look if you are interested . 
  edit : oh and `` baisse-moi '' is probably at least in the same category of movies . 
  wonderful article . 
  great movie . 
  bleak times . 
  bnp paribas would have gone down . 
  and with it either a lot of pensions , funds , money that average french joe would have lost . 
  or sarkozy would have to rescue it back then . 
  same outcome . 
  what would you have done ? 
  why ? 
  no doubt they were greedy and did not care much about securities . 
  broad brush . 
  the complete switch from private2public debt and the ignorance of banks while lending makes for a more balanced view ... one thing is for sure : the money was collected by greeks . 
  it did arrive there and people feasted . 
  the bailout did not reach them , but why should it have . 
  yeah the very idea was to bring new members to level by supporting them , which seems to work quite well in poland . 
  if someone wonders about being a net contributor , even demanding an obviously superior role in the whole construct ( while btw formerly being known as the strongest supporter for expanding the eu eastwards ) he just did not get it in the first place ... 
  all the way from ireland ? 
  there is definitely some kind of non-stick un charta for sticks 500miles +, 
  just a short reminder : the uk does not have open borders ... it 's not a schengen country . 
  therefore your reality does not even apply . 
  so what are you talking about exactly ? 
  afraid of poles doing the jobs you wo n't ? 
  why ? 
  because i would loose friends ? 
  it 's an investment and it pays off . 
  it 's not crop speculation . 
  it will not go away just because i decide to not buy it . 
  would it be alright to own eads stock then ? 
  alstom ? 
  i will probably buy a short/put option on the ase and make my cut on crumbling greek markets . 
  is it despicable to do so ? 
  having open borders and having the right to move freely are as much apart as it can get . 
  this is such a `` fox news '' - level comparison it makes me cringe hard . 
  putting pressure on italy shows you are just not mature enough to understand anything of european ideas and solidarity . 
  ukip --  this way pls . 
  the region/town thing is not mandatory anymore . 
  you can keep the plates when you move . 
  asylum seekers do in no way have free movement rights ... 
  because international law ? 
  shortage ? 
  i lost 8 % value there over the last 4 months !, 
  well ... some just dont get the idea of the whole concept ... 
  hey !, 
  i have raytheon stock . 
  doing well btw . 
  no joke : last time i spoke to my senior we talked about ubermann sleep pattern : http://www.polyphasicsociety.com/polyphasic-sleep/overviews/uberman-2/ now you can make add . 
  jokes, 
  most overdose comes from the cut . 
  you basically have no idea how much actually is in it . 
  in other words legalizing makes for a constant quality . 
  it probably is `` hermelin '' not hermerlin . 
  good job though . 
  the have ... currently 1.7 mio . 
  idf has a 3yrs for boys , 2yrs for girls service . 
  so much about living in a country under constant threats . 
  so ... are you in guys ? 
  the saudis did say they keep the price lower then fracking is profitable quite frankly . 
  moral hazard ? 
  thats actually the saudis doing . 
  there are options . 
  in germany eg corporate tax is leveled , but `` gewerbesteuer '' ( occupational tax ) is regulated on the community level . 
  so theres enough competition . 
  they always wanted to . 
  especially in germany you dont have to overcome that much pride in being a nation . 
  we would happily dissolve in a greater construct . 
  there are several crosscountry units . 
  i know of a frenchgerman and a dutchgerman . 
  yeah not too thorough that research . 
  the idea is that it is n't poland vs. germanay anymore . 
  it 's a europe of regions , not countries . 
  : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/8689025/lets-give-up-our-eu-veto-and-opt-out-instead.html proposed in 2011 in the telegraph ... 
  any follow-up step towards it . 
  alligned tax , laws , immigration , army . 
  finally dissolving borders . 
  not regulated on national level . 
  its up to the unions . 
  white-collar workers unregulated . 
  usually 40/week or 38.5 for blue-collars . 
  the euro may be flawed , but only because it was introduced `` half-assed '' . 
  with according alignment of taxes and transfers within the eurozone it would work without much problems . 
  35hrs/week seems excessive though . 
  and one idea of this was to create more jobs , right ? 
  did n't happen . 
  i still wonder what the options to reduce the imbalance would be . 
  throttle exports ? 
  not feasible . 
  generate more imports ? 
  probably ... but how ? 
  the germans tend to save a ridiculous high amount of their income .
