i dont think there is that mich `` choice '' involved . 
  its not like living in poland , its being threated by hunger , murder and a lot more . 
  that said its just unbelievable that a 500mio ppl union which has a 1bn budget cant afford 10mio / month on rescuing people that otherwise probably die with 40 % chance . 
  as germany even had a foreign secretary of asian descent theres not much of an attitude . 
  although he wasnt very good at bis job ... 
  thank god the only working planes of the luftwaffe are stationed there . 
  uh i see ... the evil black box just invented to screw the englishman . 
  sole purpose make you pay ... must be the same machine that gave you this rebate ... 
  as far as im aware the uk provided the numbers themselves . 
  shes famous for writing sms all the time . 
  i have to admit that i did bet a substantial amount of money on a faltering cac40 . 
  i feel bad , but i guess i 'll win . 
  when is the election ? 
  merkel most likely will quit in 2017, 
  goodguy america : uniting europe against a common foe . 
  more like a progress bar ... no worry theyll finish loading till the 22nd century ... 
  absolutely , right ? 
  would be hilarious . 
  is the nsa hostile ? 
  loosing citizenship is impossible because its guaranteed by constitution . 
  joining a foreign force and deserting will get him jail for a long time though . 
  very good read actually !, 
  recommended . 
  tldr someone ? 
  having 200 % debt isnt a good starting point for spending . 
  and that wasnt montis fault . 
  seems you made it !, 
  declined, 
  while putin is still funny as hell calling austria a dictatorship in a joke . 
  `` you will need to visit a estonian police and norder station '' damn it . 
  germany is so much behind concerning anything digital . 
  but we have a perfect solution : send the most useless eu commisaire to brussel responsible for digital development and delay anyone else !, 
  jesus fucking christ ... as a german im equally emberassed by mr. oettinger . 
  could all countries pls . 
  stop sending political trash to bruxelles . 
  no wonder ppl . 
  dont like the eu gouvernment . 
  hes just an old stupid white male who will never geht `` the net '' ever . 
  sorry europe for germany doing '' politician disposal '' here . 
  best idea to store electricity : http://www.ringwallspeicher.de, 
  it is probably z\u00fcrich . 
  \u00d6resund bridge should have been there too . 
  vattenfall against germany because nuclear shitdown ... it \u00b4 s already ongoing for some years . 
  noone decides against angela ... and she would get hell for that . 
  this is far more complex . 
  every pro-kurd move by turkey will bring them closer to declare independeny ... which could cost the turks a third of their land mass . 
  as religious as they might have get over the years-they surely not supporting isis . 
  they just dont support the kurds ( and pkk is still a terrorist org . 
  in the eu ), 
  another arguement is the fast way to negotiate : usually one state ( federal state that is ) starts negotiations between industry and union ( eg `` ig metall '' as the biggest starts to negotiate new contract with car manufacturers in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( you knwo mercedes/porsche-country ) , after they agree normally all other states/car manufactruers go with the same contract . 
  makes a much faster and efficent negotiation process . 
  see above : `` otherwise they could split endlessly '' . 
  it \u00b4 s not regulated , but unions are usually strong enough to go for `` 1 industry = 1contract '' and not `` 1 function = 1contract '' . 
  it usually is also far better for companies , because this whole game can be turned around the same way : `` cockpit-union against lufthansa '' = there \u00b4 s a `` pilot-only '' small union that does terrorize the whole company , because they just stop ( even as a super-small group representing one function ) = whole company stops . 
  same for the `` bahn '' ( national railway ) and the train drivers . 
  that seems to be very thourougly googled - i belive you aaaand : `` i \u00b4 ll allow it '', 
  it \u00b4 s even worse ... i 'm german too ... 
  on the other hand i \u00b4 m official godfather ... you can \u00b4 t be . 
  nope : one company = one union contract . 
  so amazon is foremost retail . 
  ( although it could be discussed if it is it-services ... which would make it much more expensive i guess ) . 
  otherwise companies could outsource and split up endlessly ... reducing union power and choosing the cheapest possible options . 
  dhl is clearly logistics . 
  fuckin anti_europe resentments away ... 
  he \u00b4 s german ... you ca n't argue that way ... 
  is n't it quad-lingual ? 
  honestly : i do work in ingolstadt since last week ... 80 % audis , 30 % either s , or even rs versions ... 
  someone said they gave 30 % discount for employees ... 
  we did invent them ... 
  mydealz.de for germany, 
  would have been a miracle if ch would n't be the most expensive . 
  scots have trident ... you do n't . 
  nah just kidding . 
  so wan na hear my 2cents ? 
  if scotland splits , joins the eu ( maybe the euro some time later ) and actually works with other countries : go independant !, 
  ... just waiting on the side line and see . 
  the idea to `` appeal '' to national viewers might be the wrong way . 
  that market is crowded , expensive and in no way unique . 
  i think people are looking forward to watch the stuff now licencesed to pay-tv by netflix , like hoc or like hbos got . 
  `` reintorducing '' house of cards seems completely unnecessary ... 
  2 ) mildern . 
  tldr : up to 10 years prison , for minor delinquency ( ? ), 
  individual ruling . 
  after seeing all these entries ... im glad it was just a `` fun party '' we sent . 
  after all , sinking the uk is still a viable option , isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  whats up with all these politician pics ? 
  obama ? 
  merkel ? 
  wtf ? 
  whenever sun and wind come along the germans sell electricity for negative prices to the french to keep the grid stable ... 
  its a trend right now to show the diversity of europe . 
  many do this around here . 
  hannover is a boring city , leipzig is beautyful , cologne is vibrant . 
  maybe pina bausch, 
  a 0 debt approach is not ideal , as state debt is also a large basis for private investors ( think private rent ) , insurances ( think life insurance ) , etc. 
  but cutting it down to some 30 % would be nice, 
  `` america '' as a concept is more or less irrelevant . 
  if you would habe said `` goldman sachs '' i would have mildly agreed . 
  on a sidenote : germany more or less secured any important 2nd tier official : head of emf : klaus regling general secretary of eu commission ( organizing any summit incl . 
  agendasetting ) : uwe corsepius cabinet chief : martin selmayr .
