  0,30 $ seems kinda high . 
  i pay 0,24 $ and i have a contract with the local municipal utility company . 
  the best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago . 
  the second best time is now . 
  ideally it would lead to a reform of the justice system so that you can not gang rape a young girl , leave her to die and then walk free because you apologized . 
  all countries in the eu have democratic governments who were given the authority to make such decision by the people . 
  i do n't know , direct flights from frankfurt to tokyo only take a little more than 11 hours . 
  i think i would be willing to pay 100 $ to save 10 hours . 
  for 200 $ though i might reconsider . 
  interesting , i had n't even thought of airbnb . 
  unfortunately the qatar airways flights from frankfurt are all routed through doha which makes the shortest connection nearly 21h . 
  how did you go to japan for two weeks for only 1000 $ ? 
  does n't the flight alone cost that much ? 
  sad day for the eu . 
  we have lost a lot of international credibility today . 
  is n't this basically every european capital ever ? 
  i know it 's the same in berlin . 
  i do n't know , i would n't be too surprised if some far-right nutjob blows himself up at some government office in the near future . 
  it is just plain old populism . 
  some parts of the european left-wing have whipped themselves into a frenzy over ttip and now oppose all free trade due to mostly vague fears . 
  the complete text of ceta is available online , but of course no one even bothers to take a look . 
  ceta is probably one of the most advanced free trade agreements to date and all european concerns were addressed during the negotiations , but a lot of people do not care about facts . 
  they think ceta will somehow give american companies the right to force europeans to eat poison or something and they wo n't hear anything else . 
  in germany the municipal residential companies are for-profit companies ( organized under private law ) . 
  the city is usually the majority shareholder and uses this influence to achieve certain ( social policy ) goals , but these companies do not rent out all their flats under the market price . 
  in fact they are providing houses for around 5 million people , which obviously are not all living in ghettos . 
  the huge buildings in districts like marzahn on the other hand are very often owned by private companies ( like vonovia ) . 
  these companies often try to maximize their profit by not investing anything into upkeep/maintenance , which is why these buildings often look like shit . 
  and because they look like shit they only attract tenants that have no other options ( poor immigrants , unemployed ... ) . 
  you can earn up to 450 $ / month , but it will reduce the amount of money you get from the state ( to around ~ 140 $ , if you were entitled to the full 400 $ beforehand ) . 
  they showed the flat on tv and named the district where they live . 
  it would not be all that hard to identify the exact place based on that . 
  i did not get to read the news today , awkward . 
  i can not believe they are about to repeat their mistake from the last election . 
  if they seriously start to quarrel over their candidate again , they will just look weak and divided in the upcoming elections . 
  i mean why should people put their trust into someone who does not even have the full support of his party ? 
  well on the other hand you have a couple of churches that even made the world heritage list , so i guess they can not all be that ugly . 
  i am 90 % sure it will be gabriel . 
  he already has the backing of the spd in north rhine-westphalia , which is probably by far the most influential chapter ( on state level ) of the social democrats . 
  i doubt anyone in the party is willing to risk an open inner-party conflict , especially with the state election in nrw coming up in may . 
   the migrants told police they had traveled through turkey and then into bulgaria and wanted to reach germany . 
  they said each family had paid 35,000 euros ( $ 39,000 ) . 
  where do they even get this kind of money from ? 
  most families in europe probably could not get this much cash even if they tried to get a loan . 
  sometimes when i see an available parking space i immediately think `` i should park there ! '', 
  before i remember that i 'm still several kilometers away from home . 
  ~ ~ on the other hand the article clearly says '' * the existing law , according to a poll this week by newsweek polska , is supported by 74 % of poles * '' . ~ ~ ~ ~ so while these people are free to protest , in the end they have to respect democracy and the will of the people . ~ ~ edit : apparently i read the article a bit too fast and missed some important bits . 
   the fact that the very first bar shows the spd and cdu together ( to demonstrate that they do n't have enough seats to govern alone ) , while none of the combination even acknowledges the afd , while the much smaller fdp get 's mentioned twice tells you everything you need to know . 
  i think they just excluded all options that were definitely ruled out before the election ( so all coalitions with afd and coalitions including cdu and die linke ) . 
  reddit is owned by * advance publications , inc. * ( and by owned i mean they are the majority shareholder ) . 
  reddit inc. is not publicly traded . 
  others shares are only held ( as far as i know ) by reddit employees and very few private investors . 
  as far as i know monsanto does not own any shares of reddit or advance publications , but if someone knows better , feel free to correct me . 
  sad . 
  levada centre was one of the most important sources of information about russia for social scientists . 
  now it will be even harder to tell what is going on in russia . 
   this afd victory relative to the cdu will not change that . 
  and it should n't . 
  a party should stick to its values and not just do what gains the most votes . 
  maybe we should just stuff our refugees into our rural areas . 
  there should be more than enough empty houses there by now and if they create a segregated society no one will even notice . 
  one could argue that the ruhr area has by now become its own cultural region . 
  then the rest of westphalia would suddenly look much better . 
  well without the rhineland nrw would probably be poorer than east germany . 
  she got an internship at the municipal housing association instead . 
  so at least she is not left with nothing . 
   the high estimate for civilian casualties in the second chechen war is 20,000 with the low being around 2,000 there are far higher [ estimates ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_chechen_war#civilian_losses ) . 
   now for america , the lowest civilian death count for the iraq war is around 100,000 only a small fraction of this was caused by coalition forces though . 
  see [ here ] ( https://www.iraqbodycount.org/analysis/numbers/2015/ ) for example for a breakdown of the numbers . 
   american drones have killed 2,000 + people just this year with at least 80 % of them being non-target deaths non-target death does not necessarily mean civilian ( although it depends on your definition of `` civilian '' in asymmetric warfare . ) . 
  the point is it is incredible difficult to verify the number of civilian casualties and who caused them . 
   american soldiers have killed far more civilians than russian soldiers have in recent memory . 
  it depends on what you consider `` recent '' and which estimates you use . 
  the second chechen war for example only ended in 2009 and had a lot of civilian casualties . 
   he says his friendly toward both and against neither , so it is them who have to court him . 
  the classic lukashenko strategy . 
  so the limit is 0.2 and she had exactly 0.2 ? 
  and at 0.19 she would have gotten away with it ? 
  [ you 're getting there !, 
  ] ( http://www.ft.com/fastft/2016/08/12/yes-really-greece-surprises-with-economic-growth/ ), 
  no need for smoking , we have coal power and diesel cars for that in germany . 
  it 's not only deutsche bank that has been losing massive amounts of value . 
  just look at the stock prices of barclays , credit suisse , commerzbank and others . 
  i just hope it will not develop into a new banking crisis eventually . 
  rigged elections also happen in first world countries ( albeit rarely ) . 
  especially if election results are very close and one party managed to get their people in the positions that should normally supervise the election . 
  votes by mail are especially prone to manipulation . 
  when creating laws , you usually consult with the affected industry to ensure that these laws will not put an unreasonable burden on these companies . 
  the companies eu agencies would primarily want to consult with are of course european companies . 
  there are still millions of refugees in turkey that would very likely try to get into europe if turkey let them go . 
  also i think a lot of refugees would still try to move to europe , no matter how well equipped refugee camps are . 
  i think the reason for erdogan 's appeal to the german turkish community is much more based on emotion than actual policy . 
  i think there has been a lingering feeling in the german turkish community that they are not really welcome / wanted in germany and erdogan knows how to exploit that . 
  one the one hand he is offering them a clear identity ( as 100 % turks who are just currently living abroad ) and on the other hand he uses every opportunity to drive up mistrust against the german society . 
  this is also why the turkish government will even blow small things ( like the ban of live streaming an erdogan speech at the recent demonstration in cologne ) out of proportion - so they can then say `` see ? 
  germany does not care what you want and is discriminating against you !, 
  i think you would rather have to look for which countries actually are home to major pharmaceutical companies . 
  in the eu that would be france ( sanofi ) and germany ( bayer & boehringer ingelheim ) . 
  ireland does not really have a major player in the pharmaceutical business . 
  it is just there is no easy alternative for europe .
