  russian or ukrainian politicians might easily shake it off , but western politicians like icelandic prime minister sigmundur gunnlaugsson ? 
  i am intrigued to see how this will all play out . 
  i did not like a single cartoon made by charlie hebdo and this one pretty much sums up why . 
  it 's not intelligent or daring , it 's just pointlessly offensive , trying to get a rise out of people no matter what . 
  i 'd still defend their right to publish these comics though . 
  i would like to see them go out of business because people stop buying their magazine , not because of terror and violence . 
  minimum wage in germany is higher ( pretty much the same ) than in france : [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/a/a9/minimum_wages%2c_january_2016_%28%c2%b9%29_%28eur_per_month%29_yb16-ii.png ), 
  unfortunately no sentence can bring back the church . 
  sad but true, 
   alive is even better ; now he ca n't become a martyr . 
  on the other hand there is the possibility that other extremists will try to free him either directly or by taking hostages . 
  well , the x6 is still about 40 cm shorter than the smallest version of the f150 . 
  how many people buy cars without considering the price ? 
  the ford focus was the most sold car worldwide in several years . 
  it 's cheap and very reliable , which is everything a lot of people want from their car . 
  i always like to watch british debates . 
  brits somehow always seem to have very good rhetorical skills . 
  in germany very few politicians seem to care about their wording and the presentation of their argument . 
  i 've been watching for 5 minutes , but i still ca n't figure out what these activists are trying to do ( besides posing for the cameras ) . 
  pretty much what is going to happen . 
  they will probably be sufficiently united just by the fear of the afd getting even stronger in re-elections . 
   as she was heavily criticized for her handling of the refugee crisis by the cdu candidates in rhineland-palatinate and baden-wurttemberg * heavily * might be a bit of an overstatement here . 
  she was criticized , sure , but it was rather low-key . 
  cdu voters are just more likely to be critical of mass immigration , so the cdu suffered much more from the policy of the federal government than for example the greens . 
   on the contrary , the spd and the greens that support her policy did win both elections . 
  spd won in baden-wurttemberg ? 
  they got 12,7 % ( - 10,4 percentage points ) . 
  they are only the 4th strongest party in parliament . 
  that the spd did fairly well in rhineland-palatinate is 90 % because of the personal charisma of malu dreyer . 
   the bundesrat is very unlikely to block new laws based on party ideology , since the wide majority of states is ruled by either spd or cdu cdu and spd have no independent majority in the bundesrat . 
  because the states have to cast their votes unanimously , all states where other parties are involved in the government would abstain if the opposition instructs their state parties to oppose a certain law . 
  that means currently only bavaria , berlin , mecklenburg-vorpommern , saarland and saxony can be expected to vote for propositions of the federal government . 
  these states only have 20 votes out of 69 in total . 
  basically if you need the support of the bundesrat , you need the support of the greens . 
   with 10 % , they can not do much harm but it is enough to expose that they are incompetent in politics . 
  as long as they are in opposition , they can just claim that the other parties do n't want to work with them ( which is mostly true ) and are thus obstructing all their efforts . 
  also most people are not voting for them because they think the party is competent in the first place - they are voting for them to send a fuck you message to the established parties . 
   berlin you must have been to another berlin than i. 
  refugees are so welcome , we want to see them arrive multiple times ... 
  i 'm using amazon prime video . 
  it also has a pretty weak library , but at least i also get free shipping and it 's pretty cheap . 
  i 'm glad to see that i am not the only one who never understood the appeal of twitter . 
  [ thank you for supporting our economy !, 
  wow , til in some countries you pay more for food than for your flat . 
  on the plus side that headline made it very easy to know that you are dealing with a complete bullshit article . 
  what made me laugh was when i read  the whole middle east is sliding towards varieties of extreme , violent conservatism or fascism -- a word i use with care . 
  yeah , he 's clearly using his words with care ... 
  to be fair groceries only make up a small amount of the total cost of living . 
  rent and utilities , power usage , internet etc. 
  are a much bigger factor . 
  the government just distributes them to the municipalities and tells them to find accommodation . 
  how they do that is not the problem of the federal / state government , so they mostly do not care . 
  ironically this could pay off for our government in the end . 
  if the other countries close their borders and the route to germany is blocked we can call everyone evil fascists while being secretly thankful that the influx of new migrants is now reduced to a sustainable level . 
  the government can save face and pretend that our policy would have totally worked , but we can not force other countries to open their borders . 
  media and politicians pat each other on the back for our humanitarian superpower status while we sit idly in the middle of europe , out of reach for nearly every migrant . 
  maybe i should start a blue banana independence movement . 
  all these other parts of europe are only dragging us down !, 
   i did n't realise there was so many in germany either wow , i had no idea either . 
  at first i thought it was a mistake in the article , but i looked it up and apparently it is true . 
  good to see that they had an opportunity to discuss controversial topics . 
  the relationship between the current german and polish governments will probably never be very warm , but it does not have to be . 
  some governments get along well , some do not . 
  that is just the way international politics work . 
  as long as you still have an active dialogue , things are generally okay . 
  if greece would actually put serious and effective border controls in place , many european governments would then call them inhumane and cruel . 
  the greeks can only lose in this situation , no matter what they do . 
  well , you can often buy high quality produce at the local farmer 's market . 
  but in supermarkets durability and price are always valued more than flavor . 
  but what is with people who are willing to work and actively seeking employment , but still not getting a job ? 
  it is not like you can just resort to subsistence farming . 
  and basic income is at the very least much less bureaucratic than most current welfare programs . 
   old jobs like that have been replaced and will be replaced by jobs in the media , in the educational sector , designing . 
  to some extent these jobs will be replaced , yes . 
  but i do n't think that it can fully make up for the loss in the other sectors , because of two things : on the one hand there are people who are simply not fit to work in these fields , people who are better at physical/practical work . 
  not anyone can be properly trained for any job . 
  on the other hand someone has to consume the `` products '' which are created in these fields . 
  people only have a limited amount of free time , in which they can consume media , entertainment or pursue additional education . 
  at some point these markets are saturated and the industry behind it will not create new jobs anymore . 
  even if for example a new form of entertainment is created it can only be at the expense of an older one , which will lose consumers . 
  although the idea of basic income is often perceived as a classic talking point of the far left , there is indeed some mainstream support for this . 
  for example the biggest german party , the christian democrats , started to explore the possibility of a basic income in 2006 . 
  the concept they came up with was the [ solidary basic income scheme ] ( http://www.solidarisches-buergergeld.de/en ) , which received support from many well-known party members . 
  additionally the party 's think tank ( konrad-adenauer-foundation ) did a study on this concept and concluded that the german state would be able to finance this . 
  another famous proponent of basic income is g\u00f6tz werner , who is the owner of a large german drugstore chain . 
  but so far these discussions never produced any results . 
  as long as germany has low unemployment it is mostly seen as an unnecessary risk , because the actual effects of such a policy are very hard/impossible to simulate or predict . 
  this might change though if some other country goes through with it . 
  maybe it is time to start thinking about how to organize a society where there is n't enough work anymore for all people . 
  the agricultural and industrial sectors need fewer and fewer people due to automation and i do not think that the service sector can endlessly make up for that . 
  either we have to reduce working hours or we will have to accept the fact that a lot of people will simply not be needed for the economy . 
   wrong . 
  let 's say wall street has an amazing year , and all the bankers get huge bonuses , they get taxed federally and those taxes go to poor people all over the country , including the south . 
  yes , but that 's pretty much the point i was trying to make . 
  they pay to the federal government because they have to , but they would n't decide to directly send money to another state . 
  it would probably be political suicide for a governor to just give a hundred million dollars away voluntarily instead of investing it into his own state . 
  but that is what the top level comments suggested - that germany should use its tax money to pay of greek debts bypassing the eu policy framework . 
   ny has been sending tax dollars to the south since reconstruction the wealthy eu countries are also sending tax money to the poorer members via various eu funding mechanisms . 
  it 's not the same as randomly paying off foreign debt . 
  i highly doubt that ny would randomly decide to send a hundred million dollars to some state in the south just because they had a good year .
