  but the problem is also often exaggerated . 
  if you walk through the inner cities of dresden or leipzig , it 's very unlikely that you would have any kind of problem and the vast majority of people are n't racist . 
  but - as much as i wish i could say something else - there are a lot of situations where you might run into problems because of you skin color . 
  for example dealing with bouncers at clubs , encounters with football fan clubs , going to the ` wrong ' bar , strolling through the wrong neighbourhood at the wrong time ... that being said i would n't describe dresden as a ` no-go ' area for black people and while the chance to run into problems is higher in east germany , it 's still very slim ( in the larger cities at least ) . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf is definitely rather a ` typical ' german city than berlin . 
  the thing is that it 's also one of the wealthiest cities . 
  a side effect of this , it that many people regard d\u00fcsseldorf as rather boring ( especially for young people ) . 
  cologne might offer maybe the most insight into german culture and history , because it 's a very old city ( nearly 2000 years ) and can offer something from every era while still being a modern and vibrant place . 
  i would strongly recommend a visit to dresden in eastern germany . 
  but the gdr rule has indeed taken quite a toll on most cities there . 
  i guess what berlin might offer more than other cities is the ` alternative ' culture ( meaning a lot of self proclaimed artists , small festivals etc ) . 
  that 's probably why it polarizing - you either love this kind of stuff or you hate it ( and for me it 's the latter ) . 
  the cities i would recommend the most are hamburg and cologne . 
   i would disagree you have singapore , south korea and taiwan as examples . 
  all three of those countries are usually seen as ( flawed ) democracies though . 
  [ see for example ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index#democracy_index_by_country_.282014.29 )  there is a massive crackdown campaign in china and theres has been true results . 
  there have been several ` crackdowns ' on corruption in both china and russia and they never changed much in the long run . 
  it 's mostly just targeted at people who are n't in the right patronage network . 
   singapore is a one party rule but still better than most eutopeans countries on the corruption index singapore is indeed kind of an outlier . 
  but the corruption perception index just measures how much corruption average people perceive ( for example while dealing with bureaucracy ) . 
  it 's not far fetched to assume that there is a lot of behind the scenes corruption at the top level of government circles . 
   democracy was never link to economic growth take any democracy ranking and compare it to a gdp per capita ranking . 
  if you ignore petro-states , you will at least a very strong correlation . 
   from my expirience the opinions about it are clear : you either hate or love it . 
  that 's very true . 
  according to a yougov survey about german cities with 500,000 + inhabitants , berlin is the 3rd most popular , but also the most disliked city . 
  [ german source ] ( https://yougov.de/news/2013/04/19/yougov/ ), 
  well , it seems to be conventional wisdom nowadays , that china is prove that a good economy does n't need democracy . 
  i would argue though , that it is n't . 
  chinas economy is still small when put in relation to its huge population . 
  her growth is unsustainable , because it is based on exploitation of people and environment ( also already declining ) . 
  corruption is prevalent ( as it is in every autocracy ) . 
  i think we might think differently about chinas supposed success story in 10 or 20 years . 
  berlin . 
  it seems to be pretty hyped now , but i 'd advise everyone who travels to germany to visit other cities / regions . 
  berlin is pretty ugly in my opinion and not really representative of germany as a whole . 
  i think many tourists kinda waste their time in berlin and that makes them miss out on so much better parts of germany . 
  the problem is that human capital is n't worth much , if the political / economical system ca n't put that advantage to good use . 
  and russia has a lot of problems in that regard , mostly the high level of corruption and patronage . 
  and this is something which is very hard to get rid of , once it is entrenchend in society . 
  if russia could establish a stable democratic government with an efficient bureaucracy and low corruption , i have no doubt that the country would modernize and grow ( economically ) very , very fast . 
  it has a slightly less alcohol than the average german beer , but it 's still one of my alltime favourites . 
  just a really refined taste . 
  czech beer is also the best choice besides german beer in general ( in my opinion ) . 
   of course the jews made their claims heard as soon as possible because they could use the money to erect their state on palestinian territory . 
  actually there was fierce opposition in israel to accepting anything at all from germany . 
  the luxemburg treaty was only ratified in the knesset by a slim margin and because of the strong personal support of ben-gurion . 
  democracy can be a real hassle sometimes . 
  all that vote counting and power sharing ... ai n't nobody got time for that . 
   isichos added that a new batch of historical documents provided by the russian government are being used to `` present the facts '' to europeans and the world community . 
  well , is n't it convenient that russia found new documents just now ? 
  the [ last bear that came to germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bear_jj1 ) was shot after killing to many farm animals . 
  i hope this one can avoid the same fate . 
  probably some frustrated guy who did n't want to spend another evening watching a shitty show with his girlfriend, 
  livonia is rightful german clay !, 
  teutonic order stronk and relevant !, 
  / s it would be interesting though , to see putin 's reaction to this . 
  i imagine it might give him a heart attack, 
  this map makes me irrationally angry . 
  no eu country should be labled russia . 
  especially not romania , as they are not even a slavic culture . 
  i know this is not the typical political news , but as the campions league is a major european sports event , i thought it might fit here anyway . 
  the underdog juventus turin just made it to the final with a strong performance against the current champion real madrid - a club which has more than twice the market value than juventus . 
  congratulations to all turin fans for that !, 
  any thoughts on the upcoming final ? 
  does anyone think juve can beat barcelona ? 
   but it will be tough for pfeiffer to convince conservative colleagues of his position , even with the recent success of cannabis legalization in several us states to point to . 
  more like impossible . 
  sustain your economic growth rates for a few more years and migrants will come all on their own . 
  at least warsaw can already easily compete with the economic centres of western europe . 
  we 're doing worse than vietnam ? 
  that ca n't be good . 
  i also noticed that every country in the top 11 has the colour white in their flag . 
  maybe we need to change our flag ? 
  the hard truth is : we currently do not have the means to stop illegal immigration . 
  to change this , we would need the cooperation from all non-european countries in the mediterranean . 
  but currently those countries are either not willing ( like turkey ) or capable ( like lybia ) to address this issue . 
  so what options does that leave us ? 
  military intervention ? 
  hardly a realistic choice . 
  sending all illegals `` back to where they came from '' ? 
  also not really possible , because most often you do n't know where they came from and we can hardly force another country to take them back against their will . 
  have you watched `` clanging of the swords iv '' ? 
  if you do n't mind pretty intense violence , it 's fairly good propaganda ( speaking from a technical point of view ) . 
  if you have a general distrust against western media already and consume their propaganda , you could easily start to think that is is constantly winning every battle . 
  i like turtles . 
  i think it would be interesting to see how many of the total visitors went to prague . 
  my guess would be  90 % . 
  meanwhile / r/europeanparliament still has no flairs :(, 
   richard dawkins so what exactly qualifies richard dawkins to judge whether the uk should have a referendum or not ? 
  is n't that a decision better made by elected politicans ? 
  yeah , that train has left the station at least 10 years ago . 
  even with a single digital market ( which will probably include hundreds of exceptions , if it gets passed at all ) european companies have no chance to compete with the big us players . 
  google , facebook , amazon ... these companies have a lot of money and even more experience . 
  they are unlikely to face real competition anytime soon . 
  did he really think that the border police would just let them pass ? 
  liberland wo n't happen , get over it . 
  you 'd probably have to outlaw straight marriage to actually get a 100 % . 
  it would have been a shame not go , just because of the current political situation . 
  the whole point is not to honour the russian government , but the millions of soldiers who gave their life to stop the nazis .
