  well , it 's still a relative majority . 
  harsh . 
  but i guess it 's the only way to curb the corruption and crime in the banking sector . 
  paying a fine would probably not impress them that much . 
  i would say yes . 
  i think a lot of the european fighters are n't really super pious radicals , but rather idiots who fell for the is propaganda and get a huge reality shock as soon as they actually arrive in syria or iraq . 
  if they know they still have some perspective in europe , it might be enough for them to lay down the weapons and flee . 
  i would n't mind either . 
  if you want to live somewhere where you only have other family homes near you , move to a suburb or a village . 
  i can not unterstand how someone pays 180 million for a painting . 
  i mean i can appreciate a good painting , but damn , there are so many better purposes for that kind of cash, 
  source : [ first results from the new eurobarometer ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commfrontoffice/publicopinion/index.cfm/resultdoc/download/documentky/66896 ) . 
  the fieldwork is from may 2015 . 
  there is a lot more interesting data in there , that probably deserves to be posted seperately . 
   it 's just not possible to fully block or restrict porn from the internet as there always will be ways around that . 
  there will always be a way around every law , but that does n't mean you should just stop making / enforcing laws . 
  there are ways to buy guns in germany , yet no one argues that guns should become legal . 
  besides that , the system in question would n't need to work against it-experts , but should only make access ( without proper id ) hard enough to work against kids . 
  i do n't know about you , but i would n't be exactly comfortable with my children watching crazy hardcore porn on the internet . 
  the federal office for the protection of the constitution is subordinate to the government of course , but that does n't make it the government . 
  the police is subordinate to the ( state ) government for example , but if an officer files a charge against someone , you would n't say it 's * the government * pressing those charges . 
  you 're right of course , i do n't know how i came up with constitutional court , major brain hiccup . 
  corrected it now . 
  still my point remains , the charges are n't pressed by the government . 
  * the charge was pressed by the president of the office for the protection of the constitution , not the government * the federal attorney general has stopped the trial * there will now be an expert 's report by an external committee to assess whether the charge has any basis * the trial is very likely to going anywhere , so you can all calm down now, 
  i have to say i fully support this . 
  porn is n't for children and it 's ridiculous how easily available it is . 
  in today 's world parents can not keep their children from accessing the internet without supervision - even if they install a filter at home , there is still plenty of unrestricted internet outside of it . 
  if you want to use an 18 + service , you should proof that you are actually 18 + . 
  i wish we will implement similar laws in germany . 
  the title seems misleading to me . 
  according to the facebook post , she did not ask them to open fire . 
  she says the lpr commander offered to open fire , which they would do anyway , so she could get it on tape . 
  still bad that she accepted the offer , but it seems like the fight would have taken place anyway . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't really see the difference to an average european holiday commercial . 
   but if they form a coalition with the cdu again they 'll just get blamed for the government 's shortcomings like last time and be the scapegoat for everything . 
  i think they would be able to get quite a lot of concessions from the cdu . 
  for the cdu another coalition with the spd would be hard to justify if a cdu/fdp coalition was possible , so there would be a lot of pressure on the cdu to make cdu/fdp happen . 
  they just need to push for one or two big projects with a big publicity impact ( abolish data retention , legalize weed or whatever ) . 
   fdp : former liberal party turned into heavy industry oriented clientele party . 
  got punished after their coalition with cdu by failing to take the 5 % hurdle and is now irrelevant . 
  i would n't say that they are irrelevant . 
  they changed quite a bit to an actual liberal ( and less clientelistic ) course . 
  i would say they have a good chance to get more than 5 % in the next election , which would very likely lead to a cdu/fdp government . 
   cdu : sell us out to the americans . 
  constantly lie to the people . 
  merkel sits out any bad publicity until the news cycle switches to another happening on the planet . 
  this seems more like a description / opinion of the government , which - although cdu led - is n't necessarily indicative of the party line . 
  well , there will always be zhirinovsky , ehm , i mean the totally serious ldpr . 
  bonn has actually a pretty big scene of extremists . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/static/happ/politik/2014/islamisten-orte/v0/pub/#xml=62885 ) is a map of identified muslim extremists that are considered highly dangerous by our intelligence service . 
  well there is / r/besteurope , which automatically copies every post from here and claims to be dedicated to free speech . 
  no one uses it though . 
  i wonder what they will do if confronted with the saa . 
  i mean it 's not likey that assad would attack the safezone since he does n't even have enough troops left to hold all the terriroty he currently controls . 
  but if for some reason the turkish army clashes with the saa on syrian ground , would n't that technically be an act of war by turkey ? 
  are they going for a un resolution ? 
  yes , they are , that 's why they are called representative . 
  see [ here ] ( http://www.britishpollingcouncil.org/questions.html ) for a more in-depth explanation of how this works . 
  / u/sachalamp is also a poster on / r/coontown so i doubt you will have much success convincing him that not all muslims are murderers and rapists, 
  they are also polling worse than ever now . 
  a few month ago they always polled at 5-6 % , now it 's mostly 3-4 % . 
  to be honest i disagree . 
  sometimes military action is unavoidable . 
  autonomous weapons could reduce the loss of life , because we would n't need to send soldiers . 
  just think about deploying a robot army against isis for example . 
  isis will not be defeated purely by airstrikes , but we do n't want to send our soldiers and the locals are suffering a lot without foreign help . 
  autonomous weapons could do a lot of good in this conflict . 
  like every other weapon , it 's not the weapon itself that 's bad , but it depends on the people who use it . 
  but they get bus passes !, 
  for free !!, 
  do n't you see how this is literally the downfall of western civilization ? 
  i 'm not an expert on this issue , but i am under the impression that sarkozy had a harder stance on strikes, 
  luckily it looks like france will get a conservative president in 2017 . 
  hollande is just awful in my opinion ( although i admittedly do n't know as much about french politics as the french people here ) . 
  reading the article i got the impression that this story is mostly based on wild guesses and assumptions . 
   emwazi is believed to fear that his unmasking identification by the foreign media has `` diminished his value as an isis killer and that jealous fellow jihadists might plot against him . '', 
  why would isis have a problem with his identification ? 
  i do n't think they would just dispose of a public figure that was a major asset in their propaganda campaign . 
  every country has this problem . 
  in germany we are now going to use the army to build tent cities , so we can accomodate all the refugees . 
  the most obvious solution would be public social housing . 
  but that will take time , is expensive and you have to be very careful not to create future ghettos . 
  the [ union of european federalists ] ( http://www.federalists.eu/ ) is such an organization and they are already pretty big and widespread . 
  i do n't see the need for a varoufakis alliance . 
  if the turks and pkk start fighting again , then isis will probably be the party gaining the most . 
  the pkk will redeploy their fighters to turkey , which will thin out the kurdish lines in syria and iraq . 
  meanwhile turkey will probably focus on fighting the pkk much more than isis . 
  so it 's mostly territory that is currently controlled by isis . 
  on the other hand it would make it impossible for the kurds to ever connect their currently controlled areas ( assuming that the saa would probably push north from aleppo in an attempt to close the gap and disrupt isis supply lines ) , which is probably the main motivation for turkey to do this . 
  in the * tagesschau * they said `` the pkk is regarded as terror organization by turkey '' . 
  definitely a strange way of phrasing since it gives the impression that only turkey sees them like that , although the pkk is also on the lists of designated terrorist groups in the eu and usa . 
  they were contracted by the government to assist the federal agency for technical relief . 
  so will it be renamed to european union lynx ? 
  so where does the money come from ? 
  is it actually stolen from someone ? 
  or does it come from oligarchs in russia and ukraine who want to save their wealth ? 
  i do n't really know the specifics for the netherlands , but i assume they will be very similar to our regulations here in germany . 
  the thing is you will need to get a visa or residence permit from an embassy before you arrive ( if you do n't want to apply for asylum ) .
