  in my state alone about 40 municipalities have already declared that they have exhausted all possibilities for emergency housing and can not accept any new refugees . 
  so far we had an unusually warm autumn . 
  but now the temperatures have started falling and soon will be significantly below 0 \u00b0 c at night . 
  if we have thousands of people without a proper place to stay in the winter , there will be deaths . 
  but still - suggest to hold the refugees in the warmer regions of europe at least temporarily - and you will be called a nazi . 
  `` moderate groups '' might very well not exist anymore at this point as [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/syria-s-moderates-have-disappeared-and-there-are-no-good-guys-a6679406.html ) article explains quite well . 
  maybe it 's a climate thing ? 
  like people in spain are more inclined to hang out outside for extended periods of time due to the nice weather and spend less time inside ? 
  i mean the more of your day you are inside , the bigger the requirements regarding your housing will probably be . 
  russia has announced to deploy a s-400 missile system to syria . 
  this is pretty advanced stuff actually and could probably down turkish jets easily . 
  since russia can not really retaliate against turkey directly , they are probably going to target the turkmen rebels in syria now ( much more than they maybe used to ) . 
  from a purely strategic point of view that would be pretty convenient , because it could send a pretty big wave of refugees to turkey . 
  and if turkey is baited into sending their jets across the borders to aid the turkmen , russia could shoot them down and claim to be acting on behalf of their ally syria ( as in protecting their sovereignty ) . 
  well , i would say the paris attacks changed the situation quite a bit in that regard . 
  there is much public pressure now to put an end to the islamic state once and for all , no matter what . 
  developing a common strategy with russia is still very difficult , but now seems much more within the realms of possibility . 
  my guess would be that turkey is trying to undermine an anti-is coalition between nato countries and russia . 
  i mean hollande is currently trying to get a broad coalition going , but turkey is probably afraid that without the is the kurds will no longer be occupied with fighting in syria and iraq and could turn on turkey . 
  so they took the first opportunity ( a very minor infraction of turkish airspace , which would normally result in a stern warning to the pilot ) and provoked a diplomatic incident with russia , hoping that this will drive a wedge between nato and russia and hinder meaningful cooperation against the is . 
  i 'd say cologne is pretty nice , but often times so overcrowded that you can hardly move , which kinda ruins the overall experience . 
  you are confusing congress with the house of representatives ( congress refers to both the senate and house of representatives together ) . 
  but even with the us bicameral system germany would lose power . 
  the senate favors smaller states and house of representatives distributes power to every state according to population ( germany having roughly 80 of 510 million citizens would be influential , but far away from being able to act without several allies ) . 
  the alleged superior political influence of germany derives mostly from the fact that we can set a lot of ( economic ) policies on our own ( since the eu only has supranational power in a few selected fields ) . 
  many economic policies influence other countries though and so the german government can always exert pressure on other eu countries . 
  why should a minority of states be able to overrule the federal government ? 
  in a federal eu state germany would be a minority and the federal government would be elected by the whole eu population . 
  so if the majority of eu citizens favored a specific policy ( and voted accordingly ) , germany would be forced to fall in line . 
  in a federal state germany could be much easier overruled though . 
  not really surprising , considering the really low [ uk corporation tax ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/budget-2015-corporation-tax-just-got-cut-again-even-though-the-uk-already-has-the-lowest-rate-in-the-10375238.html ) . 
  set the tax rate for companies to a reasonable amount and revenue will come in . 
  clearly russia is evil . 
  i mean could you imagine that someone from the west , who exposes illegal practices of his government , would be labelled a traitor and had to flee to russia ? 
  unthinkable !, 
  we do n't have a lot of really big cities for a country of our size ( i mean just compare berlin to london or france ) , but we do have an abundance of medium-sized and small cities , especially in north rhine-westphalia and the south . 
  well they are only ** suspected ** members of the islamic state , so it 's not like they are known terrorists . 
  to be honest i do n't think germany is a priority target for attacks right now as we are n't militarily involved in syria or iraq . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say the next attack will target the usa - or more likely one of their embassies or other institution abroad ( since i think it 's unlikely that the is has the ability to strike in us homeland right now ) . 
  * one person 's faith allows them to eat anything , but another , whose faith is weak , eats only vegetables . 
  * * the one who eats everything must not treat with contempt the one who does not , and the one who does not eat everything must not judge the one who does , for god has accepted them . 
  * romans 14:2 -3, 
  i was referring to the reports of an ambulance full of explosives etc. 
  that were taken as a fact by many . 
  meh , cdu/csu and spd still have more than enough votes to form a stable coalition . 
  i 'm still going to vote cdu in 2017 . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  it was just officially confirmed that no explosives have been found so far and there have n't been any arrests . 
  people are blowing up rumors too much here . 
  that was just a reference to the warning they received . 
  there will be a press conference at the ministry of the interior shortly where we will learn the actual facts . 
  it 's still just a rumor and unconfirmed . 
  they sure do . 
  until recently everyone expected mostly attacks from lone wolfs . 
  in paris the islamic state has shown that they have a far greater capability to organize and commit large , sophisticated attacks in europe than we thought . 
  so i guess a lot of intelligence services are questioning if they have underestimated the is . 
  i 'm 90 % sure it 's exactly that . 
  really hope i 'm not wrong though . 
   what happened to trying to make raising kids easier and a more attractive option ? 
  i do n't know how much you can actually achieve there . 
  i mean we already have tax breaks , extra money for kids , strong laws for maternity leave etc. , but still birth rates are low . 
  i think the problem is that many native europeans have adopted a mindset where children are primarily seen as a burden and are not willing to invest anything at all into building a family ( be it time , money or whatever ) . 
  there is no way we are going to send soldiers to iraq and syria . 
  if france should really push for a ground offensive against the islamic state , we will probably help with money , logistics , intel etc. , but if the government would propose to send our own soldiers , there would be huge protests ( and it also might not go through in the parliament anyway ) . 
  considering the scope of the attack , it is strange to think that it could have even turned out much worse . 
  imagine the 3 suicide bombers had made it into the stadium and detonated their vests there . 
  the explosions combined with the following panic could easily have caused even more death than the other attacks . 
  plus it would have been broadcasted live directly into the homes of hundred of thousands french and german people . 
  i would assume that the is send someone over to france to instruct and supply a local group . 
  the reason why i think that 's likely is that the terrorists all had suicide vests . 
  people who have the ability to reliably build those usually do n't take part in the attacks themselves , because they are to valuable as an asset . 
  at the moment it 's also very easy to get to europe even with explosives and weapons , because you can hide within the stream of migrants . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you . 
  although i can understand why people want vengeance now , what we really need is endurance . 
  the tide has already turned against the islamic state and they are already in the process of losing . 
  if we succumb to the temptation of a military invasion in syria now , we will only help them in the end . 
  there will inevitably be collateral damage sooner or later which would drive so much more people right into their arms . 
  we should prove our strength not with violence , but with restraint and not diverting from our current strategy . 
  the kurds have already taken sinjar from the islamic state . 
  all recent reports are indicating that the islamic state is crumbling - which is probably the reason they are attacking europe now . 
  the kurds are likely going to liberate mosul within the next couple of months . 
  if however nato countries start a ground invasion now , the is will only benefit from that . 
  it will give a lot of legitimization to their `` muslims against evil western crusaders '' rhetoric and finally give them the new recruits they desperately need . 
  who would we even declare war against ? 
  the syrian and iraqi government are already fighting is themselves ( so it 's not like afghanistan protecting al-qaeda after 9/11 ) . 
  france and usa are already fighting is as well . 
  i do n't see what benefit there would be in invoking article 5 - except maybe for symbolically reasons . 
  hollande just said that the islamic state was behind this , so we already know the masterminds . 
   fuck the taliban , i 'm over joyed that they were forced back to pakistan where they came from . 
  the taliban are still very active in afghanistan and regularly [ conquer cities and districts ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2015/10/01/asia/afghanistan-kunduz-taliban-attack/index.html ) . 
  even after nearly 15 years the afghan army can barely defend the country on their own . 
  if the us military would leave right now , the taliban could very well retake the afghanistan within months . 
  it was finished regularly and apparently the players did n't know that anything had happened until after the game . 
  it was certainly very strange to see french players enthusiastically celebrate the second goal when it was already known ( to tv viewers ) that there had been a major attack . 
  holy fuck , this seems to get worse by the minute . 
  apparently the normal spectators are currently not allowed to leave the stadium though ( according to the commentator ) . 
  i 'm watching the football match between france and germany right now . 
  there were two explosion-like sounds in the first half , but at the time there was no information about what caused them . 
  the commentator said it is not clear if the explosions are connected to the shooting , but i fear the worst . 
  you could expect a more moderate and less aggressive foreign policy from hillary clinton , but in the end she will probably belie these expectations to avoid looking weak .
