  to get that , you would either have to prove that you 're wealthy enough to support yourself or already have a job offer . 
  even if you would somehow manage to get a job offer , it would still have to be approved by the federal labour office ( and it 's not likey that it would ) . 
  the whole point of these laws is to restrict the influx of ( unskilled ) workers from foreign states . 
  like i said , regulations might differ from country to country , but i highly doubt that you have a reasonable chance to get a working visa from any eu state . 
  again , i 'm not trying to bring you down here , just trying to give you a realistic perspective . 
  there is a reason after all why so many people risk their lives in the mediterranean and come to europe illegaly . 
  reading the comments in this thread , i 'm thinking people are giving you false hope to apply as a skilled worker or student . 
  to get a skilled worker 's visa you would need to find a company that would give you a huge monthly salary ( in germany more than 4000 $ / month ) . 
  this is basically impossible for an entry level job in arts . 
  if you want to come as a student , you would usually prove that you can support yourself financially ( so you would have to show proof of a steady income or large savings ) . 
  if you apply for asylum , you also need to consider a few things . 
  first you need to be aware that you can only apply for asylum in one eu country . 
  if you have done that , no other country will accept you after that . 
  this means you have to organize the trip to whatever country you chose all by yourself and at your own expense . 
  you should also be aware that applying for asylum is often a very lenghty process . 
  due to the high number of refugees in western europe , it can often take years before a decision is made . 
  during this time , you have to live in a refugee center , which are often overcrowded . 
  i 'm not trying to deter you from your plans or anything , but you should be aware what you are getting into . 
  where did you get that figure from ? 
  it 's more like [ 8.4 % ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2006/september/tradoc_122530.pdf ) and that is excluding intra-eu trade . 
  [ albert speer junior ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/albert_speer_junior ) is actually the head of a really good architect 's office , [ as&p - albert speer & partner gmbh . 
  well , i did drink quite a lot of tempranillo lately . 
  i do n't know where the data is from , but i also find it very hard to believe . 
  personally i barely know anyone that has ever cheated . 
  i 'm also very bewilderd how many people in this thread defend cheating and cheaters . 
  it is the lowest kind of behaviour and i think it 's never `` a moment of weakness '' , but a character flaw . 
  people who cheated once , will almost always do it again after some time . 
  good for them . 
  abortions should n't be a plan b / substitute for contraceptives . 
  maybe they should privatize the fire ? 
   i hope for a left coalition including `` die linke '' , because that would help to make the spd and gr\u00fcne to move towards left as well . 
  if the spd announces that they want to form a coalition with die linke , this would pretty much ensure a cdu/fdp coalition . 
  she has a good chance to win the elections in rhineland-palatinate next year , so she would n't be available for federal elections . 
  well a lot of people from europe have gone on holiday in syria and iraq in the recent years . 
  there was an un resolution for this though , so it was n't a breach of international law . 
  i highly doubt that the security council would pass a resolution for bombing boats in north africa now ( at least russia would veto it ) . 
  i think that is mostly a problem for people who are from a country with a lot of expats . 
  if you are american / british / german you will find people from your nation even in the most remote cities in basically every country on earth . 
  so has anyone bothered to ask the muslims in these neighbourhoods what they think of the whole issue ? 
  15,5 billion $ debt is supposed to be high ? 
  berlin has about 60 billion $ debt , so why is bloomberg not making a report about that ? 
  as long as it 's on russian territory , they can just say that they are doing a maneuver, 
  because then it does n't fall into the category of international relations , but internal affairs, 
  seems like a good way to make money . 
  just make up some taxes and fees and see how much they are willing to pay . 
  they are the opposite of greece . 
  no one likes greece , except for greece . 
  everyone likes spain , except for spain . 
  one of the eu battlegroups is probably more than enough to do the trick, 
  [ how the / r/europe meetup will look in one year ] ( http://tourismus.nuernberg.de/image/rpt-gfa-b6.jpg ) p.s. 
  just sarcasm , please do n't ban me, 
  is / r/de a regional default ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it was n't in my list when i signed up, 
   in 2010 , some 600,000 european citizens died prematurely because of outdoor and indoor air pollution i wonder how they calculated this figure . 
  i have never heard of air pollution being stated as the cause of death . 
  do they count everyone who dies of lung cancer and did not smoke ? 
  it just seems strange . 
  morocco even applied for eu membership in 1987 and was the first country in the region to be granted advanced status in the european neighbourhood policy . 
  in some ways they have more in common with europe than other mena countries . 
  it 's the flag of europe, 
  they are also not the ones who are advocating `` trigger warnings '' . 
  the public debt in germany was never planned . 
  when the public debt first started to rise significantly it was very controversial . 
  two ministers of finance resigned because of this ( [ alex m\u00f6ller in 1971 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alex_m%c3%b6ller ) and [ karl schiller ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_schiller ) in 1972 ) . 
  both thought that the accumulation of debt was a betrayal of the german public . 
  but after that no goverment had the courage to cut spending , so the debt continued to rise . 
  then came reunification , which was very expensive . 
  then came the financial crisis , which was even more expensive . 
  so now we are stuck with huge public debt that we never wanted to have in the first place . 
  sure , but keep in mind that i did n't study theology or something , so i might not be able to answer everything . 
   are you lutheran ? 
  if so can i ask you some questions ? 
  yes , i am . 
  feel free to ask whatever you want to know . 
   are these groups evangelicals ? 
  like those in america and brazil . 
  no , in germany the vast majority of christians are either catholic or lutheran . 
  the groups i had in mind are either adherent to one of those confessions or they are ecumenical ( so they are open to all christians regardless of denomination ) . 
  personal experience mostly ( i go to church occasionally ) . 
  also at my university there a multiple christian groups which do n't have trouble to attract new members and even a new group was established recently . 
  but it 's difficult ( maybe even impossible ) to actually quantify this and it 's possible that i suffer from personal bias . 
  i meant to say that the church does not use the tax for this maintenance , but instead collects additional voluntary donations from churchgoers . 
  and this should not be necessary , because the church tax should easily bring in enough money for that . 
   are they immigrants ? 
  well some are , but it 's not like they are the majority . 
  especially since german protestans are mostly lutheran and lutheranism is not very widespread in the countries where most immigrants come from . 
   is n't the church attendance rate less than 10 % in germany ? 
  yes , it 's even lower for protestans if i remember correctly . 
  lutherans are not obliged ( like catholics ) to go to church once a week though . 
  but my point was basically that those people who leave the church officially have n't been attending for years now anyway . 
  german president , fiscally responsible , effective anti-corruption measures ... have you thought about becoming our 17th state ? 
   what do the churches do with all that money ? 
  unfortunately a lot of this money is wasted on bureaucracy . 
  the whole administration works very inefficient . 
  if you go to a specific church , they often collect donations just to maintain the building . 
  well , i 'm not from a nordic country , but since germany also has a lot of lutherans maybe i can add to the discussion . 
  from personal experience i would say that many people underestimate how many young people go to church / are christians . 
  the thing is that most christians are kinda hesistant to talk about their faith when dealing with non-christians . 
  for example i know a lof of christians below the age of 30 , but literally all of those wear crosses under their shirts only , so it 's not visible . 
  many people are misled to think christianity is about to vanish , because they look at the decreasing numbers in official statistics .
