  we can not stop the refugees ourselves , because it would produce a huge outcry if european police would turn away migrants with ( probably necessary ) violent means . 
  if turkey keeps away migrants , we can just turn a blind eye and pretend everything is fine . 
  but we can also not let all these migrants in , because it would probably help semi-extremist right-wing parties in several european countries to gain power ( along with a bunch of other problems ) . 
  european politicians will go to great lengths in order to protect the current deal . 
  for turkey on the other hand it is the one thing they can really use to exert influence on europe . 
  if they give it up , they would give up pretty much all of their political leverage in the relationship with europe . 
  if police in poland gets as much hate as police in germany , this must really be a nice change for them . 
  i wish people would show more respect and solidarity for police officers in all european countries . 
   uhm , she herself , nah [ merkel 's approval rating ] ( http://politbarometer2.zdf.de/store/politbarometer/2016_07_22/html/c854-noten1-33a61371.png ) is still high , just not as high as it has been in the past . 
  most of them do [ vote left-wing ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/t%c3%bcrkeist%c3%a4mmige_in_deutschland#deutschland ) though . 
  yes , i was too quick to jump to conclusion after the recent incidents . 
  the situation is still very confusing . 
  i guess our luck had to run out at some point . 
  attacks in the past either failed , could be prevented or did not result in fatalities ( like the recent axe attack ) . 
  now that has changed . 
  i guess this should n't come as a surprise ( rationally ) , but it still does ( emotionally ) . 
  but coal is one of [ germany 's main ingredients ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h4bvkvw.png ) . 
  nato was redefined as a community of values years ago . 
  see the [ active engagement , modern defence ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/official_texts_68580.htm ) paper for example : * `` nato member states form a unique community of values , committed to the principles of individual liberty , democracy , human rights and the rule of law . 
  we are so scared of an accident with nuclear power that we rather accept [ 23000 early deaths in europe ] ( http://phys.org/news/2016-07-coal-year-eu.html ) every year due to coal power . 
  yeah , when israel gave back the gaza strip it worked out so well for them . 
  gaza is now a beacon of peace and prosperity . 
  if he survives the coup , he will probably crack down even harder on political opponents , media etc. 
  i was just about to go to sleep . 
  i guess i am staying up a while longer now . 
  i do n't think that it has really gotten worse per se . 
  left-wing violence is often tied to specific events ( opening of the ecb for example ) , so it is worse in some years and better in others . 
  the double standard in how political violence is reported derives mostly from the fact that the right-wing does not have influence in politics and media , while the left-wing thugs have a lot of sympathizers in major parties ( greens and `` die linke '' ) and media outlets . 
   turkey has managed to recruit like half of kenya it seems . 
  that should not be allowed in my opinion . 
  i have absolutely no problem when athletes with a migration background compete for their new country . 
  but when a state gives out citizenship to athletes who have no real connection to the country just to win some medals , i think it kinda defeats the purpose of these competitions . 
  very much justified in both cases . 
  i hope this will finally lead to a crackdown on the scene of violent left-wing extremists . 
  it is so frustrating to see how left-wing militants are so often treated differently than other extremists . 
  if these were right-wing extremists or islamists , the whole country would be up in arms and demand action . 
  but now at least half of the politicians in berlin say we should negotiate with violent criminals . 
  violence should never be rewarded . 
   now let 's hope the eu forces our own government to issue the cards to us !, 
  when that happens , some populists will immediately start spinning it to a `` eu dictatorship meddling in our internal politics '' - story . 
  as you could easily have checked the ftse is not at an all time high ( because the all time high was in 2015 ) . 
  the losses after the referendum were pretty insignificant though and in a broader perspective i think it would be fair to say that the ftse is within its normal range of ups and downs . 
  however the real test to the british market will be the actual brexit . 
  that could take until fall 2018 or not happen at all . 
  it also remains to be seen how good a deal the uk can strike with the eu . 
  all in all there are good reasons for financial investors to hold onto their stocks for now and wait how everything plays out . 
  i find it hard to understand how 11 top players can make such a shitty team . 
  but england and belgium really showed how it works . 
  admittedly wales played very well tonight though . 
  i just want to slack off , but unemployment is so low that there is really no excuse for not working . 
  :( shoutout to / r/firstworldproblems /, 
  she would probably just become the queen of europe somehow . 
  the green anti science bias becomes worse every year . 
  first they claim that there is no scientific proof that fracking can be done in a safe way , then they ban all potential testing projects . 
  i mean it is good to be careful , but at least be open to research instead of basing your policy on vague fears . 
  no matter who started it , the english hooligans at the very least gladly reciprocated the violence . 
  however , seeing how the russians carried out a coordinated attack on english fans in the stadium after the final whistle , i believe the russians were the main instigators . 
  sevim dagdelen also thinks that the pkk is not a terror organization and has generally been on an anti-turkey crusade for years . 
  so regardless what anyone thinks of the current situation , you should take everything she says on this topic with a grain of salt . 
  that might have been the case until recently , but with the new `` plan for federal traffic routes '' the federal government alone will invest over 260 billion until 2030 in infrastructure . 
  it will of course still take a while to become visible , but there is now more money available for infrastructure than has been for a very long time . 
  the ticket prices in berlin are very cheap compared to other parts of germany . 
  you can go from potsdam to berlin for only 3,30 $ . 
  if you want to travel from bonn to cologne for example you have to pay 7,70 $ . 
  if you only travel within the city center the difference might not be so big , but the berlin abc deal is pretty sweet . 
  i think there are 11 members of the parliament with a turkish migration background . 
  there was only one no vote and one abstention in total , which both came from germans . 
  not that it would matter , but bavaria has six seats in the bundesrat . 
  maybe try a more expensive one ? 
  as with most hard liquors the difference in quality between brands is enormous . 
  i think weed has an image problem in at least some european countries . 
  it is not really considered cool anymore , but is often times associated with being lazy and being unsuccessful . 
  nowadays if you 'd tell people you smoke weed , they would probably not be shocked , but rather roll their eyes . 
  well , football is quite an emotional thing for many germans and insulting a member of the national team is certainly not a good idea for a politician . 
  especially since our team won the world cup and now the euro2016 is coming up . 
  considering the importance of football in our country the national team is pretty much a symbol of ` germanness ' and an insult against a member of our team can be seen as an insult against germany . 
  i really doubt that this comment will get them votes . 
  boateng is not the kind of immigrant that the average afd voter is afraid of . 
  on the contrary - as a member of the national team he is well liked by almost everyone . 
  actually i think that this stupid comment about him could cost them votes , because it will scare off people who are against more immigration , but do not want to vote for an openly racist party . 
  it says a lot when the parliamentary group leader of the most left-wing party gets attacked for not being leftist enough . 
  obviously everyone has a right to their own opinion . 
  i mean as long as it complies with the liberal-left consensus of course . 
  everyone else is just a evil nazi . 
  some states are now downright [ refusing ] ( http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/verteilung-von-fluechtlingen-nordafrikaner-unerwuenscht/13000202.html ) to accept immigrants from northern africa . 
  i would happily accept two refugees from syria for every single migrant from northern africa who gets sent back . 
  sometimes i wonder if most countries have long given up on any plans of ever paying back or even decreasing their debt . 
  maybe everyone is kinda speculating that all developed countries will ( have to ) agree to just erase all debt one day . 
  then it would make sense to invest as much as possible before that happens . 
  i feel the need to clarify why i posted this article . 
  yes , it could be considered local news . 
  but i think it still fits here , because it is part of a greater political debate that affects all of europe . 
  furthermore it would probably be deleted at / r/germany or / r/de ( to clarify : this is an assumption and i did not try ) . 
  i did not post the article with the intent to incite hatred against migrants or whatever , but because i think it raises the question whether or not we are prepared to acknowledge and deal with the problems that accompany migration . 
  `` diversity festivals '' often focus on very specific parts of culture ( dances , songs , clothing ... ) . 
  i think a more extensive perspective is needed . 
  the main problem i see is not so much criminal migrants per se ( as there are obviously criminal germans too ) , but a tendency in politics and the media to turn a blind eye to this crime . 
  i think a lot could be accomplished if we made sure that the police is provided with enough resources and political backing to deal with criminals and the courts would actually give out prison sentences for violent crimes . 
  of course you can always say `` but germany is still safer than country x or y '' , but i think the sooner we have an open discussion about the challenges of immigration and public safety , the better . 
  i 'm already on my third beer and as every year i am seriously questioning why i even watch this freak show .
