  i wonder if they ( especially clarkson ) will have the same freedom of expression on amazon that they had during their bbc time . 
  this is exactly the point i 'm always trying to make in discussions on this topic , but mostly to no avail . 
  in the current climate people very often try to fit you in either the `` pro-refugee '' or `` anti-refugee '' box . 
  uncontrolled immigration and a open border policy will not benefit the people who are actually fleeing from political persecution and war . 
  the european asylum system is now overwhelmed with opportunists that bring the whole process to a grinding halt by sheer numbers , making it very hard for people who are actually eligible for asylum . 
  stopping and sorting people at the external european border is not fascism - it is a necessity , so you can prioritize the ones who need our help the most ( for example families fleeing from the hotspots of the syrian civil war ) . 
  unfortunately this will likely not happen because too many politicians are more concerned about appearing humanitarian than actually acting humanitarian . 
  the physical location of the ecb is completely irrelevant . 
  also germany was n't especially pushing the common currency . 
  the euro was mainly introduced because france and some other countries were upset that the deutsche mark was too strong and they wanted a common currency in order to gain more control . 
  czech republic is doing really well . 
  not only do they have near full employment , but they had more than [ 4 % gdp growth in 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/countries/czech_republic_en.htm ) ( expected to stay above 2 % for the next years ) and also have a very low public debt . 
  ironically it 's the same argument that the far-left uses to excuse crimes by migrants ( they were forced to do it , because the state gave them no opportunities , failed to integrate them etc. . . ) . 
  only in that cases it was always heavily criticized and now it 's suddenly upvoted . 
  i hope they will be put in jail for a significant amount of time . 
  vigilante `` justice '' is never acceptable , not from right-wing groups and not from anybody else . 
  besides that they are obviously doing a disservice to their cause . 
  you will never convince more than half of the population of your agenda if you behave like crazed apes . 
  i hope they will be put in jail for a significant amount of time . 
  vigilante `` justice '' is never acceptable , not from right-wing groups and not from anybody else . 
  besides that they are obviously doing a disservice to their cause . 
  you will never convince more than half of the population of your agenda if you behave like crazed apes . 
  does anyone have a link to the who report they are referring to in the article ? 
  i ca n't find it and the only [ statistic i found on the who homepage ] ( http://gamapserver.who.int/gho/interactive_charts/gisah/consumption_adult/atlas.html ) has very different data, 
   it would be interesting to know how `` operative '' is precisely defined in the luftwaffe but that 's probably classified . 
  yeah , that 's the question . 
  i could imagine that they have very strict requirements for fighter jets , but i ca n't say for sure . 
  another question would be if the airforce is really not capable to fix most of these problems or if the problem lies more with the overly complex structure of the army bureaucracy ( for example : replacement parts not ordered because no one feels responsible etc. 
  it depends on how you define operational . 
  let 's say there is a hole in the seat cover . 
  the maintenance crew then flags the aircraft as `` in need of repairs / replacement parts '' which makes it non-operational . 
  i exaggerate of course , but my point is probably a lot more than 30 % could fly and fight if we were actually under attack . 
  according to the official information acts of violence from left-wing and right-wing extremists are pretty much on par ( [ source , p. 27 ] ( https://www.verfassungsschutz.de/embed/vsbericht-2014.pdf ) ) . 
  obviously both should be met with a harsh and decisive police response . 
  but while violence from nazis is almost always unanimously condemned ( as it should be ) , violence from the antifa and similar groups is often trivialized by politicians of spd , greens and die linke . 
  if you talk to people who work at the army , many think that minor problems are dramatized on purpose , so that our allies do n't expect us to help out in military action in foreign countries . 
  take the `` scandal '' about the g36 rifle for example . 
  as it turned out the soldiers who used the g36 in afghanistan are very happy and satisfied with it and never noticed the alleged loss of precision . 
  antifa is basically a criminal organization . 
  but since they are protected and oftentimes even supported by several political parties , they will probably never be outlawed and can continue to commit crimes with impunity . 
  martin schulz and mario draghi are the kings of mediocrity . 
  i expected an imbalance , but i did not think it would be so extreme . 
  if / r/europe was a place in real-life we would probably all be sitting in armchairs , wearing suits , smoking cigars and sipping whiskey while laughing about sexist jokes . 
   because , believe it or not , that is actually more important than a couple thousand immigrants . 
  that would be true if it we were talking about a couple of thousands migrants in total . 
  but it 's a couple of thousand every single day . 
  this has to stop or the system will simply collapse . 
  unfortunately the political left has put in a lot of effort to redefine patriotism as nationalism . 
  you 're absolutely right though . 
  personally i 'd consider myself a patriot , but i 'm strongly against nationalism . 
  finally a faction in a foreign conflict that the west can support unreservedly !, 
  i suggest we start with delivering weapons and sending military advisers who can train the cat in guerilla warfare . 
  nice to see her take a stand like this , exactly what i was hoping for . 
  now i hope that this might just make the difference to make a cdu/fdp government possible . 
  to be honest this `` the end justifies the means '' - mentality in the fight against alleged racism has me far more worried than the influx of refugees . 
  in addition : the swr ( one of the biggest public broadcasters ) excluded the right-leaning party afd ( alternative f\u00fcr deutschland ) from tv discussions ( there are state elections coming up in march ) under pressure from the social democrats and the green party . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2016-01/swr-afd-tv-duell-journalismus ) , could n't find an article in english unfortunately ) . 
  now just to put this in context : the afd is currently the 3rd strongest party in germany according to the latest polls , so it 's not like they are some fringe party . 
  it 's pretty much a case of current incumbents abusing their power to keep an opposition party out of the media . 
  pretty frustrating . 
   turkey already proposed ( several times ) a safe zone inside syria , to settle down some of the refugees there , but the coalition did n't agree on it , and now europe is living the consequences for that . 
  it 's not so much the coalition that did not agree , but mostly the us . 
  unfortunately the whole debate has derailed into a political fight between the us and turkey about the role of the kurds ( or more precisely the ypg ) . 
  [ versailles , france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_empire#foundation_of_the_german_empire ) would probably what comes closest for us . 
  it all depends on the development of the oil price in 2016 , which is very hard to predict . 
  personally i would guess that the price is going to go up again soon . 
  opec has to reduce their output soon , they can not keep this up forever . 
  and if the usa increase their interest rates again , this will also affect the oil price . 
  i think the biggest problem is the lack of a credible long-term strategy . 
  the `` yes , we can !, 
  '' - attitude only works as long as there is a clearly defined end in sight . 
  but there are still ~ 2500 migrants arriving in germany every single day . 
  we will soon get to a point where the system is just going to be overwhelmed . 
  do we have to wait until the first migrants freeze to death because they can not be accommodated anymore ? 
  unfortunately i guess that is what it is going to take before anyone dares to suggest a viable solution . 
   its also easier to meet people in pubs that in clubs , because you can actually talk to them . 
  getting to know people in clubs only ever seemed to work for smokers who had to step outside for a cigarette from time to time . 
  how can christianity not be compatible with europe , if ~ [ 75 % of all europeans are christian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christianity_in_europe ) ? 
  why should a minority of atheists have the right to declare what is compatible with europe and what not ? 
   they were far outnumbered and calling for backup did n't help because there was noone available according to the article the state asked the police in cologne if they needed help and even offered to send a hundred additional policemen , but the police in cologne declined . 
  if that is really true his dismissal would certainly be justified . 
  i had ( christian ) religion classes in school and i think they have value . 
  we were never taught just to belief x without question . 
  on the contrary : we learned about the history of christianity , how to put different parts of the bible into context , discussed problems with literal reading of the bible , learned about other religions etc. 
  i think religion class can greatly help people to develop a more intellectual approach to their religion . 
  it also offers a good opportunity to identify children who are indoctrinated at home and challenge what they hear from their parents . 
  let 's hope the relationship between russia and european union countries will soon get better again . 
  they can act in the immediate vicinity of the train station . 
  but the area between the station , the cologne cathedral and the inner city is a very large open space and the federal police is not responsible to clear this whole area . 
  the train station that was evacuated was in munich , bavaria . 
  the bavarian police is in a much better state than the police in nrw . 
  for example : in duisburg ( nrw ) the police is so understaffed that they had to permanently dispatch a group of the riot police to assist the local police during routine work in the district marxloh . 
   deescalation works better in the majority of cases and should almost always be the first strategy to turn to . 
  i agree , but i think the problem is that politicians often insist on deescalation even when it is clearly not working and a strong police response would be necessary . 
  i 'm thinking about stuff like the police being told not to wear helmets during riots so they do n't provoke the rioters with their [ `` martial '' ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/polizeitaktik-in-rostock-helm-ab-zum-krawall-a-486581.html ) look . 
  police in germany is a responsibility of the states . 
  it is well know that especially in nrw the police has been understaffed for years . 
  the leftist state government also usually opposes strong police action ( due to political reasons ) and always tries to push their strategy of `` deescalation '' . 
  consequently as soon as something out of the ordinary happens the police can not react properly . 
  i do n't think this will change before nrw elects a new government .
