  you 're absolutely right , but i 'm pretty sure your comment will be drowned out in the flood of people who misunderstand this on purpose . 
  is it not an aim of the current government to bring industry back to britain ? 
  at least the manufacturing pmi indicates that this is n't really working out . 
  it 's crazy how much difference in temperature we have in germany right now . 
  here in the west we have like 8/9 \u00b0 c and even at night it does not go below 2/3 \u00b0 c. 
  you already have christiania , so copenhagen/denmark does n't seem to be very insistent on upholding the law for all parts of the city . 
  but there are no natives to oppress :(, 
  nye is an obvious choice for terrorist attacks . 
  as soon as the clock strikes 12 , inner cities are filled with smoke , noise and people . 
  any reaction from law enforcement to an attack would be severely hindered . 
  i 'd say if an attack is planned , it would be scheduled for midnight , so we will soon see if something is really going to happen . 
  let 's hope for the best . 
  i still find it very difficult to assess how powerful the italian mafia really is . 
  sometimes they are portrayed like a relic from another era and sometimes they are portrayed as this super influential organisation that basically controls all of italy . 
   you would also have to limit antibiotics use in agriculture . 
  is there actually any scientific proof that the use of antibiotics in agriculture has a significant effect on humans ? 
  i would imagine that antibiotics in processed and cooked meat do n't have an effect anymore . 
  i 'm legitimately asking here by the way . 
  the [ english wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_stalin#calculating_the_number_of_victims ) has a good section on this topic . 
  basically most estimates seem to be in the 10 to 20 million range . 
  the gulags were n't as efficient as the german concentration camps , but stalin had more time and a lot of deaths attributed to him are due to famine . 
  from a theological standpoint easter is of greater importance than christmas for christians . 
  in reality though christmas seems to be the number one holiday in most christian countries . 
  my guess would be that this is a result of christmas being on a fixed date , so it 's easier to bring the whole family together . 
  to me it looks like he is trying to condemn isil , but his phrasing is just really poor . 
  considering the usual sentiments about muslims on / r/europe , i always find it baffling how much support an actual islamist terror organization gets . 
  this cat looks like all its opponents are going to have mysterious `` accidents '' soon . 
  62 % now . 
  upvoting this article is like driving a car with the handbrake on . 
  i do n't get why they always put up so many lights on the motorways in benelux . 
  it always seemed like a massive waste of energy to me . 
  single digit temperatures ? 
  that 's pretty rough . 
  i would be so annoyed if i had to wear a jacket outside . 
  how did we get so many votes ? 
  all i 've been reading here for the last couple of months is how germany is destroying europe and what a shitty country we are . 
  effective change will probably only come when society as whole condemns the use of anorexic models so much that no brand wants to associate itself with this practice and consequently will only hire healthy models . 
   if people can not be heard when they use reason what choice do they have but to use violence ? 
  they have the choice to not be violent . 
  democracy does n't mean that you suddenly get the right to violently riot whenever things do n't go your way . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woudynevn5e ) is pretty much what 's going on between putin and erdogan, 
  that reminds me : are the results of the 500k subscribers survey ever going to be published ? 
  or has that been done already and i missed it ? 
  maybe someone should check for a correlation with the average amount of rain and snow in a country . 
   france 's former women 's minister yvette roudy confirmed there had been heckling , and told buzzfeed news she had warned mrs ibn ziaten `` it was n't a good idea to wear her scarf '' . 
  now imagine someone would warn a jew that it was n't a `` good idea '' to wear a kippah in parliament or a christian to wear a cross . 
  but with muslims it is apparently okay , because they are all terrorists or at least terrorist supporters , right ? 
  it 's sad that european secularism has partly become a disguise for right-wing extremism . 
  well at least all the large scale attacks in europe were in response to military involvement in the middle east . 
  madrid 2004 and london 2005 were claimed to be retaliation to the iraq war and paris 2015 as retaliation to the bombing campaign in syria . 
  of course that does n't make other countries totally safe and especially lone wolves are likely to strike wherever they live , but big organized attacks are far more likely to happen in countries that are heavily involved in the wars of the middle east . 
  i imagined this as an addition to the regular asylum process , not as a replacement . 
  just so they have a guarantee that their family will be taken care of if something happens to them . 
  women and children would of course only move back to syria once order and security are restored . 
  i love that he tweeted one of the ca n't stump the trump [ videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkh6paouud0 ) from / r/montageparodies on his official channel, 
  although the idea is not politically viable , it is not that far fetched under purely pragmatic considerations . 
  many syrians and iraqis did not necessarily flee because they do n't want to fight for their country , but because there is n't really a group worthy of support and with a realistic chance of winning the war . 
  so what you 'd have to do is , that you would define a clear goal for syria and iraq after the war ( installing a democratic system ) . 
  then offer all the refugees in europe and turkey the possibility to join a special army under shared eu control . 
  train them , arm them and supply them with vehicles etc. 
  ship them to syria where they conduct the ground offensive while nato only aids with intel , air support , logistics etc. 
  everyone who dies in the line of duty will receive permanent residence permits in an eu country of his choice for his close family members as an incentive . 
  the big benefit to this strategy would be , that syrians would n't face the same legitimacy problem that eu or us soldiers would . 
  if nato soldiers were to fight in syria ( on the ground ) it would just play into the narratives of the extremists ( western crusaders etc ) and give them more recruits . 
  but if it was an army of natives this line of argument would not be very convincing . 
  plus they speak the local language and you 'd have an experienced army to maintain order after the end of the war . 
  [ meanwhile in germany ] ( http://funny-pictures-blog.com/wp-content/uploads/funny-pictures-meme-gif/2014/06/meanwhile-in-germany.jpg ) ... 
  npd in germany ? 
  seriously ? 
  they are a fucking joke . 
  they are not a relevant political force and never will be . 
  there are so many belgians in the islamic state , they are soon going to divide the country into the iraqi and syrian part and then strongly oppose each other . 
  ok , i stand corrected , but my point still applies to the man then . 
   this is how america handles its diverse society there was a terrorist attack in america just 4 days ago and it was done by two people who both lived in america for almost all of their lives . 
  so the american way to handle a diverse society does n't seem to work perfect either . 
  you can easily pay a lot more for shoes made in southeast or south asia if they have an adidas or nike logo on them . 
  it really tells you something about the insane profit margins in this industry . 
  geets wilders is n't the spokesperson of the european union or something . 
  it 's also not exactly a secret that currently neither the eu nor the turkish government are interested in turkey joining the european union . 
  however nothing is set in stone . 
  one day turkey might elect a different government with different ideas and turkey 's eu accession could become a realistic perspective once again . 
   none of my friends looking for jobs are registered with the job agency as it 's considered to be useless and a waste of time in terms of actually finding a job . 
  if you do n't have rich parents that can pay all your expenses during your job search , you do n't have much of a choice though . 
  if you want financial aid , you have to be registered at the job agency . 
  i did n't expect having to scroll so far down for that answer . 
  it always just seemed reasonable to me to do it this way . 
  unfortunately unborn babies do n't really have a lobby , so i 'm afraid the `` carte blanche '' will come sooner or later . 
  the only place where you can be a radical feminist and a radical islamist at the same time, 
  but finns were declared [ honorary aryans ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/honorary_aryan#to_the_finns ) in 1942 by hitler himself . 
  that 's got ta count for something , right ? 
  that reminds me : were the results of the 500k users survey ever published ? 
  did i miss it ? 
  or is that still outstanding ? 
  depending on the size of the sandwich , you would probably burn the amount of calories it has during the sex , so it would n't make much sense anyway . 
  it was obviously an elaborate suicide by proxy . 
  case closed , no more questions !, 
  but they at least receive the election notification . 
  but apparently some people throw it away unopened or something . 
  political correctness is putting lives in danger - but mostly the lives of the refugees . 
  we need to acknowledge that even wealthy europe does n't have an unlimited capacity to accommodate such a huge influx of people .
