man , i wish i would get paid to talk shit on reddit . 
  yeah , we were just defending our precious gleiwitz radio tower / s, 
  the state could always seize private property . 
  it 's even in our constitution ( article 14 ) . 
  well , he was the only candidate . 
  1.627 voted for him and 739 against ( out of 5.218 registered voters ) . 
  so i 'd say he has some support , but it 's not as overwhelming as the percentage number suggests . 
  what could be added here is that the refugee crisis is being instrumentalized by many actors in the political system of germany . 
  the states are trying to to solicit money from the federal government , the cities are trying to solicit money from the states and so on . 
  it 's a very appealing strategy , because the actors on every level are afraid to be labeled as `` anti-refugees '' . 
  so a lot of cities are purposely understating their capacities to claim additional funds . 
  and i think that 's exactly what 's happening here , because it 's just plain illegal and quite frankly dumb . 
   i also remember a survey between gamergate supporters , where most identified as liberal or left , though all their stances ( abortion , trans-rights , social security , unions etc ) were extremely right wing well , that 's my point . 
  everyone claims to be left and/or liberal nowadays , but it 's not reflected in actual politics . 
  when was the last time you met someone under the age of 60 that openly admitted to voting for cdu/csu and supporting the party line ? 
  and yet they are consistently the party with the most votes , even among first-time voters . 
  in print journalism an overwhelming majority of journalists consider themselves left-wing . 
  * ) the only real outlets that i would consider to be rather right-wing are faz and welt . 
  zdf has in my opinion a very strong left bias in the majority of its shows . 
  the same applies for most broadcasting organization that make up the ard ( especially the influential wdr ) . 
  i agree though that there is also a lot of apolitical content nowadays . 
  focus online for example is basically reduced to an assembly of clickbait articels about sex . 
  same applies for private tv . 
  now introducing the ikea mosque . 
  it can be assembled with only an allen wrench and you get a free serving of halal k\u00f6ttbullar with your purchase . 
  i think it 's interesting to see how the media and public discourse seem to become more left-leaning every year ( in my opinion ) while the opposite seems to be true for election results in most countries . 
  it 's like the shy tory factor on a large scale . 
   totalitarian neither russia nor china are totalitarian . 
   shoved around due to merkel it was a decision reached by qualified majority . 
  only four countries voted against it ( slovakia , romania , czech republic and hungary ) . 
  so how exactly is that merkel shoving others around ? 
   purely on upvotes/downvotes he was the 7th most popular so which applications received the most votes ? 
  i saw him giving a speech here in germany in december 2013 and it was certainly something . 
  among other things he likened the eu to the soviet union and claimed that european culture was under attack by `` homosexualism '' . 
   i do n't get it , why do they believe that calais is better than germany ? 
  they do n't want to stay in calais , but cross over to the uk . 
  i recently saw a report on tv where some people running the refugee centres said that a lot of refugees do n't want to stay in germany anymore , because word got around that all the centres are totally overcrowded . 
  they claimed that many refugees would leave the centres at night before they could be registered and are supposedly heading for sweden , finland and france ( or more specifically calais ) . 
   i have a hard time thinking people will long for the good old days of the maersk container ship yeah , no doubt modern ships are highly efficient , but they look like [ megalomaniac abominations ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5fldkdjjuq&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=10s ) ... 
  the old europe switch-a-roo, 
   but , unless i 'm german , or french , or perhaps british , i ca n't vote for that person . 
  but you could if the eu were to become a state . 
  foreign policy and security would certainly be decided about on the federal level then . 
  and if the eu was a state , all europeans would elect the federal government . 
   and all merkel had to do is to fire her migration minister and let him be the fall guy . 
  he was n't a minister , but the head of the migration agency . 
  also he resigned voluntarily for personal reasons and there is no evidence that he was pressured to do this . 
   the average in the us is 64 . 
  per year . 
  that number is a bit too low . 
  the bureau of justice statistics released a report this year on this topic . 
  '' * the true number of annual police killings , according to the report , is likely around 930 -- about twice that of each of the two other u.s. government counts . 
  it 's even higher -- about 1,240 -- if you assume that local law enforcement agencies that do n't report any killings have killed people at the same rate as agencies that do . 
  * '' [ source ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/a-new-estimate-of-killings-by-police-is-way-higher-and-still-too-low/ ), 
  no , i think the ideal system would be to register people at the eu borders and then redistribute them to countries based on voluntary quotas ( as in every country sets an amount it can handle ) . 
  then every country gets reimbursed with eu money for every refugee it takes in . 
  it would still allow countries who wan na do much ( like germany , austria and sweden ) to help a lot of people , while still maintaing some kind of order . 
  for example we could give priority to families , women and children , who should be fast-tracked for shelter before winter comes . 
  reminds me of the report that was aired by the zdf ( german public broadcaster ) in their * auslandsjournal * ( programme on foreign politics ) . 
  they called the hungarian reaction '' * inhumane * '' , claimed they '' * shot tear gas at women and children * '' and '' * intentionally targeted journalists with tear gas * '' . 
  it 's hard not to feel any kind of smypathy for hungary right now . 
  i mean i support the right for asylum and all , but i do n't think you shoud blame a state for defending its borders against a violent mob . 
  these projections will be greatly exceeded with the current influx . 
  in the last two weeks 63.000 refugees arrived in munich alone , which is a rate of 4500/day or 1.642.500 / year . 
  could be . 
  it would give the government the opportunity to close the borders and arguing along the lines of `` we really really wanted to help , but we can not do it alone , so we are forced to do this '' . 
  basically shifting the blame to eastern europe . 
  i checked romania , but i would only want to live in transylvania . 
  beautiful nature , beautiful cities , nice people and a fairly good economic outlook . 
  so what do they hope to accomplish here ? 
  the refugees can still cross on foot from flensburg . 
  it 's not like they are just going to give up , because they ca n't take the train across the border . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for accomodating refugees , but this seems so awkward . 
  it just gives off the vibe that these people are mostly celebrating themselves and how humanitarian they are . 
  i mean if i were to arrive in germany as a refugee after weeks of travelling , i would just want some peace and quiet . 
  it 's like teenagers waiting for their favourite popstars . 
  tl ; dr : if you 're not actually helping ( bringing food/water etc. 
  ) , do n't loiter at the train station and do n't treat refugees like exotic circus animals . 
  i 'm not talking about what is morally right , but rather what the criteria for political asylum are . 
  * [ whale studying intensifies ] *, 
   roma should technically be accepted , because they face discrimination and racism in their home countries . 
  this is not sufficient for asylum . 
  they would have to be persecuted by the state for being roma , to be eligible for political asylum . 
  do you think a black guy from the us could apply for asylum in europe , because he is discriminated against in some small town in the south ? 
  obviously not . 
  roma in serbia might have difficulties , but it 's not like the state would hunt them down or anything . 
  it 's certainly not comparable to syrians being caught up between a dictator and isis . 
  man , i read this as isis at first glance . 
  i was kinda worried that the islamic state had a space station now for a second . 
  in the 20th century one of the most influential definitions of statehood was the one georg jellinek formulated in `` general theory of the state '' . 
  according to this the requirements for statehood were territory , population and a government . 
  you could argue that the islamic state does indeed fulfill these criteria . 
  however at the end of the 20th century more and more scholars started to include international recognition as a necessary prerequisite . 
  in the end it 's mostly a point of view thing . 
  i support this application . 
  considering how much shit / u/zurfer75 got just because he is russian , i appreciate how he always stayed calm and polite . 
  this is exactly what i 'd be looking for in a moderator . 
  we just can not win in this situation . 
  we have to save people who are about to drown . 
  but everytime we do just that , it incentivizes the practice of smugglers to deliberately endanger their boats .
