  as much as i condemn the attacks , charlie hebdo was still an immature magazine that sold copies by cheap shock effects and spreading hate . 
  you just got to ask yourself : would the public reaction have been the same if the target of the attack was an extremist right-wing magazine ? 
  would european leaders still have marched together if it was n't charlie hebdo , but ` white power weekly ' ? 
  and would we be giving them awards ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  i 'm not really sure if that was the best course of action . 
  maybe it would have been better to let them do their stupid journey to berlin ( while keeping them under close surveillance of course ) to show that the european societies are ` mature ' enough to deal with it . 
  i ca n't shake the feeling that moscow was hoping for this exact outcome , so they can claim that the eu member states do n't want to celebrate the victory over facism , because they are secretly facist . 
  i am probably going to come . 
  i 'm planning on a day trip with cheap flights , so i do n't have to book a hotel in milan . 
  last time i looked it up flights were available for 30-40 $ per trip . 
  this is an old story and the exact same thing has already been reported in 2014 in german sources . 
  the fact that this is sold as news in several english news sources makes me think that there is some agenda behind this . 
  so they even gave them food stamps ... 
  i never really understood how you can be accidentally run over by a train . 
  i mean a train is n't exactly silent and train tracks are n't very broad , it just takes one step to get out of the way . 
  anyways , a very tragic story . 
  they probably suffered through an incredible long and hard journey to get to europe , only to then die in an accident . 
  asylum should not be granted to x people per year , but to those who meet the criteria ( a person * who owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race , religion , nationality , membership of a particular social group or political opinion , is outside the country of his nationality and is unable or , owing to such fear , is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country * ) . 
  we can take in more , but we can not accept everyone who applies just because he is poor in his home country . 
  it 's not even that i do n't understand that poverty can be very hard to endure , but even germany has a finite amount of resources , so we have to prioritize . 
   according to the newspaper 's own research , young muslims who have little contact with their local mosque are at the greatest risk of radicalisation . 
  this is very often conveniently overlooked . 
  contrary to popular belief mosques are n't really a big factor in radicalization . 
  according to a report by the british parliament only 1 to 2 percent of all cases of radicalizations can be attributed to mosques [ source , p. 15 ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201012/cmselect/cmhaff/1446/1446.pdf ) . 
  well , that 's harsh , but i will still give you an upvote for at least explaining your downvote , 
  downvotes are commonly ( mis ) used to ` punish ' dissenting opinions . 
  in my opinion that is a trend closely linked to r/europe becoming a default for european users , but i might be imagining things . 
  we have to stop immigration to r/europe from other subs !, 
  face it : other subs are culturally inferior to us and they will ruin r/europe when they come here . 
  they are neither willing nor able to integrate into our superior culture of discussion . 
  in the context of the insane amount of fearmongering regarding ttip that we had ( and have ) in germany ( where it was pretty much established as an indisputable fact that american companies will take all our money and force us to eat poison ) , i think these protests are really quite tame . 
  also people like me , who are rather on the pro-ttip side , do n't take to the streets . 
  another tragedy in the mediterranean sea . 
  but i doubt that this will change anything . 
  we just do n't have a lot of realistic options in this issue , that would both be humane and effective . 
  christianity is a beneficial influence for modern politics and it 's the main reason the process of european integration became possible after world war ii . 
  but why ? 
  do you think germany has too much influence now ? 
  i 'm really interested in reddit 's reaction on this . 
  will the usual hate for christians be cast aside for the opportunity to bash islam or vice versa ? 
  which is basically [ inflation ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/russia/inflation-cpi ), 
  if you drink so much , that you noticeably gain weight through the calories in your drinks , then you might have bigger problems . 
  well , that is only a part of the total cost you will have to pay at the end of the year . 
  usually their is a fixed amount per month + cost for the water used + sewage . 
  i just took a look into my incidental expenses from my last flat and in total i paid 5,59 $ / m \u00b3 . 
  and that is only for cold water . 
  heating water ( using gas ) cost me about 8,5 $ / m \u00b3 + a fixed amount per month . 
  i wonder what they are hoping to achieve with such an insane demand . 
  they know germany is n't going to pay them 280 bn $ . 
  if they would just demand a payback of the forced loan , they would get much more support from the opposition parties and the public in germany and maybe there would even be a chance to get the money . 
  but demanding 280 bn $ will just make it look like they will do anything to avoid actual reforms . 
  haha , genuinely made me laugh . 
  i 've just heard all of this so often from german drivers . 
  and the same people will overtake you at 200 km/h in their bmw while it 's snowing heavily and you ca n't see shit . 
  there are two possible reasons i can think of : 1 . 
  they feel like we are trying to ` control ' their country through the european neighborhood policy , because the eu is trying to push for more democracy , rule of law etc. 
  they are pissed because they take in a lot of refugees ( from syria etc. ), 
  and the eu does very little ( from their perspective at least ) to help them . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a few years ago studies ` proved ' that muslims would be a majority by 2050 . 
  so now only 10 % ? 
  that does n't seem very dramatic to me . 
  please notify me when the time to panic has come ... 
  well , i was basically just repeating what i read in a german newspaper article . 
  my guess would be that it takes some time to research who was actually on board of the plane under the current legislation and that this could somehow be a problem . 
  i ca n't think of any situation were it would be important right now , but there might be one . 
   do n't you need to provide a name and contact information to buy a ticket in the first place ? 
  yes , but apparently you can give your ticket to someone else after buying it , so it 's impossible to know if the people who bought the tickets actually boarded the plane . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i 'm not catholic , but i 'm pretty sure what the priest did is not really based in catholicism . 
  to me it seems more like one guy on a power trip under the pretense of religion . 
  i 've been to berlin often and i never noticed that . 
  interesting find . 
  i wonder how many people live in proximity to the rhine ( let 's say less than 50 km away from it ) . 
  it has to be the most important european river in terms of settlements . 
  i 'm really on the fence about this . 
  on the one hand i 'd miss the solidarity in society ( things like medical insurance or lifetime social security ) . 
  but on the other hand i always admired the american understanding of personal freedom , which just does n't exist in the eu ( right to bear arms as one of the most prominent examples ) . 
  i guess both of these aspects are deeply related , as personal freedom comes with greater personal responsibility . 
  but i have to say , if i had to leave germany for some reason , the us would be among my top destinations for sure . 
  so i can continue speaking german and do n't really have to adapt ( much ) culturally . 
  i expect incidents like that to happen more and more frequently in the future . 
  sadly there is a growing hostility against all religious people in western europe . 
  there seem to be more and more atheists who are n't content with personal freedom of religion , but want everyone else to denounce their faiths as well . 
  i see . 
  very informative . 
  you can clearly see the north-south divide . 
  also something about the nordics . 
  i wonder how france manages to have population growth in very rural areas . 
  it always seemd to me as if very strong urbanization trends were now happening in every country worldwide . 
  only by about 1 percent though, 
  i 'm so tired of this ` study ' . 
  it gets posted here quite regularly and everytime people point out the huge and obvious flaws in the methodology . 
  it has zero comparability and should n't be reposted . 
  the number of road deaths per year always terrifies me , if i actually think about that . 
  in 2014 3.368 people died on german roads . 
  so at a first look you would probably think `` wow , that 's really quite a lot '' . 
  but then you take a look how the numbers were in the 90s ; for example in 1991 it was 11.300 !, 
  it really puts the recent crash of the airplane in perspective . 
  croatia sounds good .
