  finally we can get our ` own place in the sun ' . 
   that said , i think height is a bad indicator for the impressiveness of a building . 
  for me , the amount of blood and sweat it took to build it , and the artists and engineers designing it are more important . 
  sure , but height definitely has a value of its own . 
  it 's something that can not be discussed away and it is a symbol of power . 
  just think about how much effort various countries have put in , just to have a super tall building ( malaysia , china , uae ... ) . 
  buildings like the petronas towers or the burj khalifa tower are not reasonable , they are just intended to show that the government has the economical and technological means to build it . 
  i think you underestimate how much money rich greeks have . 
  tax evasion in greece sums up to about [ 30 billion euros per year ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21565657-greek-tax-dodgers-are-being-outed-national-sport-no-more ) . 
  if they could collect all that , they could easily balance their budget and start paying their debts . 
  it 's interesting to see that from 537 till 1952 it 's always a religious building that holds the record , but after 1952 all buildings are monuments to the secular ideologies . 
  first the kotelnicheskaya embankment and the lomonosov university as monuments to communism / stalinism and after that it 's capitalism . 
  with a slight delay of roughly 70 years , us troops finally liberated poland today . 
  but is also says :  `` i had my ticket booked and everything when i was contacted by sofia 's chair . 
  i had been told that the event would be open to the public as this was one of my conditions for doing the talk , and it is how it was advertised before it was removed from their facebook page . '' which gives me the impression that it was actually the society for international affairs who came up with the conditions . 
  i 'm guessing college security just published them or something . 
  i find it hard to believe that college security would have the legal right to impose this kind of restrictions on an event . 
  admittedly i do n't know very much about the education system in ireland , but that does n't seem like something college security can decide . 
  but the event with islamic scholar was n't hosted by the society for international affairs . 
  it was hosted by the `` tcd muslim student association ( msa ) and the irish branch of the almaghrib institute '' . 
  they might take a different approach for their events . 
  i do n't think she 's lying , but she might not have all the information as well . 
  maybe the society for international affairs just decided it would serve the quality of the event best to have a moderator ( which is quite a common practice ) and they limited the attendance to students so as many students as possible could attend ? 
  according to article the events were organized by different organizations , which ( i assume ) can decide on their own how they want to do their events . 
  the article really only gives one side of the story and does n't provide much background information about who placed the restrictions and why . 
  therefore i think it might be wise not to overreact before at least hearing the statement of the society for international affairs . 
   `` i was told that two conditions were required for the event to go ahead ; one , that it only be open to students of the college , and two , that there would be a moderator to chair the talk '' . 
  that does n't seem unreasonable to me per se for a university event . 
  the only problem i see is that these conditions were apparently not communicated from the very beginning . 
  but other than that i have seen these conditions for a lot of university events that had nothing to do with religion whatsoever . 
  albania might be making progress , but they still have a long way to go . 
  not even 20 years ago our army had to evacuate people from our embassy in tirana while under fire . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_libelle ) ), 
  i think it 's also easy to overestimate the population of the usa , because if most europeans think about the states , they will think about new york and california etc. 
  but you easily forget how incredible scarcely populated some of the ` fly over ' states are . 
  for example : nordrhein-westfalen , the state where i live in germany , has nearly 18 million people and an area of 34 110 km \u00b2 . 
  montana on the other hand has an area 380 838 km \u00b2 , but less than a million people . 
  i can never get my head around how daily life even works in these states . 
   nationwide 24.5 % of voters chose the national front , according to one poll . 
  damn , that 's still a lot . 
  but i think it 's a good thing that they did n't get the best result . 
  if they had been first , it would have been a huge ` moral ' victory for them and might have added a lot to their momentum . 
  so is the psoe going to form a coalition with podemos ? 
  the three largest logistics providers are all german : deutsche post dhl , k\u00fchne + nagel and db schenker logistics . 
  so i guess logistics is just kinda our thing . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.supplychain247.com/article/2013_top_50_global_top_30_domestic_3pls/seko_logistics ), 
  a large european state with a dwindling economy turning to a far-right party with a strong leader ? 
  where have i seen that before ? 
  will we be blitzkrieged by france this time ? 
  sarcasm aside , i think / hope that most of the votes for front national are from protest voters , who will return to moderate parties eventually . 
  the easiest solution for this would be to have a bicameral legislative , where one chamber has proportional representation and the other one has a fixed number of represtantives from each state . 
  basically the us system . 
  i agree . 
  while you can read the nt with little to none accompanying lectures and still gain a lot of insight into christianity , the ot very different in this regard . 
  reading the books of moses for example without a lot of background knowledge might be very confusing - for christians even more so than for atheists . 
  that reminds me of the semi-famous npd ( german nazi party ) politican safet babic . 
  babic , who is of bosnian descent , is a very active member of the npd and was even elected into the city council of trier on behalf of his party . 
  the funny thing is that he even has a criminal record , so he is technically a criminal foreigner - the very thing the party says it wants to get rid of . 
  it 's a possibility , but i would n't count too much on population projections that go that far into the future . 
  there are just too many variables to really estimate population figures more than a few year in advance . 
  and i think currently there is still a difference of about 15 million between germany and france/uk , so quite a lot to catch up . 
  the ` drop ' from the 82 million figure to the current number was caused by the latest census and not by an actual reduction of the population . 
  this was mainly caused by people who had left germany over the years without notifying the municipal administration . 
  basically we never had 82 million people , the number was inflated to begin with . 
  this map shows a decreasing population for germany , which does n't really add up with the information of our national statistics office . 
  here are some numbers ( population as of ... ) : 31.12.2011 : 80\u00a0327\u00a0900 31.12.2012 : 80\u00a0523\u00a0700 31.12.2013 : 80\u00a0767\u00a0500 30.06.2014 ( latest available ) : 80\u00a0925\u00a0000 we may not have a high birth rate , but we can easily ` import ' as many people as we need . 
  i would say there is an important difference between singapore and turkey/russia . 
  singapore is n't dependent on a single charismatic leader at all , but has a very dominant political party ( pap ) . 
  the benefit of this system is that there is little to no instability when the current leader leaves office . 
  there is also a lot less corruption and the pap mostly plays by the rules ( although these rules are n't especially democratic ) . 
   there remains no evidence that the west , particularly the united states , are preparing their own people for the horrific catastrophe soon to come . 
  yeah , they sould air those ` duck and cover ' spots again , so i know how to survive the inevitable nuclear holocaust by hiding under a table, 
  if you 're a dictator in some third world country china will probably be your first choice to buy weapons . 
  their stuff is probably a lot cheaper and i guess they do n't ask a lot of questions . 
  not saying that europe / usa only sell to morally sound governments , but still there is always at least a chance of public outcry over a certain arms deal , which can make things more complicated . 
  sing and dance in public, 
  the sad thing about the ` car thieves ' issue is that the vast majority of thieves are n't poles . 
  instead poland is used as a transit country and the stolen cars will end up in belarus / russia / etc. 
  but in germany you often just hear something like `` high number of thefts in the polish border region '' which then reproduces the old clich\u00e9 of the ` thievish pole ' . 
  yeah , sure ... 
  in a year or two they will all go to moscow to ` investigate ' the situation . 
  they all get some undisclosed ` complimentary gifts ' and then they will suddenly figure out how much russia has improved and all is good to go . 
  back when i lived in eastern germany and still smoked , we used to drive to the czech republic all the time . 
  there are tons of cigarette vendors in the border region and everyone speaks german . 
  the question is probably understood very differently in the various countries . 
  i could imagine that a finn associates war much more with `` russia is coming to kill/rape all of us '' while most people in germany would rather think of `` killing civilians in some country in the middle-east '' . 
  what strikes me as really odd is that a lot of people think that their country is worse off due to eu membership , but still the vast majority wants to stay in the eu . 
  for example 51 % of the people in portugal think they are worse off , but 77 % want to stay in the union . 
  that just does n't seem to make sense to me . 
  it 's somewhat heartwarming to see how the dutch are so relaxed about that . 
  kinda shows how far we ( europeans ) have come since ww2 . 
  well , in a eu state the influx of people from spain , greece , bulgaria , romania etc. 
  would n't be counted as immigration anymore ( since they would all be eu nationals beforehand ) . 
  therefore the immigration figure in the official statistic would be much lower . 
  i was basically just trying to make a witty remark on how statistics work . 
  well about 60 percent of those immigrants are from eu member states . 
  that means the best way to lower immigration would be to finally make the eu a federal state . 
  someone 's got ta fill me in on the stereotypes of bosnia , so i can properly make fun of them . 
  oh god , this is awkward . 
  but then again techincally it is our anthem,
