  this will obviously lead to the next catastrophe if help from europe will not arrive in time . 
  in a way we sign the death warrant for a lot of people ( in the future ) everytime we save those people . 
  in germany it varies greatly from city to city . 
  in some places ( m\u00fcnster ) we nearly reach the level of the netherlands , in other places it feels more like takeshi 's castle when you desperately try to dodge the bmw 5 series trying to run you over at 80 km/h . 
  russia would never just stand by and watch belarus join the eu . 
  it would pretty much be the end of their `` sphere of privileged interest '' . 
  and to be realistic belarus is just not important enough for the eu to risk russia going completely mental . 
  even palestine could join the unesco , it does n't mean much in terms of recognition . 
  well , i 've gotten used to relying on america for external security . 
  but apparently now we leave our internal security to the us as well . 
  thank god those marines did what they did though . 
   first of all , 800.000 is way too high an estimate . 
  in the first seven months of 2015 , germany received about 220.000 applications , which leaves 580.000 in the last five months , a bad time to travel . 
  the new estimate refers to all people actually arriving instead of processed applications . 
  at the moment a lot of refugees do n't even get to fill out the application , because the system is far over capacity . 
  according to the levada-center more than 70 % of russians identify as orthodox christians ( [ source , p. 145 ] ( http://www.levada.ru/books/obshchestvennoe-mnenie-2012-eng ) ) . 
  only 15 % consider themselves atheist ( same source , p. 147 ) . 
   europe is a secular , mostly atheistic or agnostic continent no , it 's not . 
  eurobarometer shows that 72 % of eu citizens regard themselves as christians ( [ source , p. 233 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/ebs/ebs_393_en.pdf ) ) . 
  and that does n't even include russia , which is the most christian nation in europe . 
  so i 'd say it 's pretty fair to say that europe is a christian continent . 
  true . 
  the rents in popular cities like munich or hamburg and some cities from eastern germany like chemnitz for example are worlds apart . 
  like easily 4 times higher price per sqm . 
  it seems like erdogan wants to impose his presidential system at all costs . 
  and since none of the other parties is willing to give him that kind of power , he needs new elections and an akp majority . 
  i wonder if he is willing and able to manipulate the outcome of the next election . 
  well you can , but they do n't have to pay it . 
  [ russian diplomats in berlin ] ( http://www.thelocal.de/20130913/51901 ) are pretty notorious for racking up fines and not paying . 
  pakistan is a big country . 
  while islamabad for example might be fairly safe , the fata or khyber pakhtunkhwa are not . 
  iran is safe as long as you do n't say too much against the government . 
  it 's not unstoppable , it 's just that the city government is n't doing anything to stop it , because they want to foster their progressive and liberal image . 
  stuff like that would never happen on such a scale in munich for example . 
  and no matter what you think of drug legalisation , it 's pretty bad for a city to just not enforce the law . 
   we already have a border with russia in kaliningrad oblast and they have troops and rockets with nukes stationed there . 
  they have troops there , but there is no fighting . 
  imagine people in eastern poland could actually see russian jets dropping bombs on the other side of the border and what psychological impact that would have . 
  it would put a lot of pressure on eu politicans to act . 
  until now for many people in the eu the conflict still seems to be far away , especially for people in western europe , which in return softened the political response from the eu . 
  there are basically a couple of possible options for russia right now : * occupy all of ukraine in swift and open military offensive * : possible , but very unlikely . 
  russia knows that western ukraine is very anti-russian and would cause problems even if occupied . 
  the international reaction would be much sharper , especially if russian troops would stand at the polish border . 
  also russia has little to gain from conquering western ukraine . 
  * occupy eastern ukraine * : that would be somewhat more likely , but still rather unlikely in my opinion . 
  russia could easier claim that it 's serving the people of ukraine with this option , since the east is more russia-friendly . 
  it could also be done without having to fight in view of the eu borders , so the reaction from the west would probably less harsh . 
  it still would require an open military campaign though and consequentially lead to even more international isolation . 
  it would still be a lot of effort and high cost for a limited gain . 
  * keep the status quo * : keep crimea and establish dpr and lpr as ( officially ) independent `` countries '' . 
  the most likely option in my opinion . 
  this is pretty much the georgian solution , mirroring the strategy they had with abkhazia and south ossetia . 
  it makes moscow a permanent stakeholder in the ukraine and gives them pretty good leverage ( as long as kiev does not forsake its claims on this territory ) . 
  as years go by the chances become higher and higher that the west will accept the status quo and start to normalize relations with russia . 
  * give back the occupied territories * : very unlikely . 
  crimea is of strategic importance and ( as far as we know ) actually wants to belong to russia . 
  withdrawing support for dpr and lpr might better russias standing with the west , but it would also fully open the way for ukraine 's integration into the western community and make most of russia 's past efforts pointless . 
  i think this option would only become possible if russia would encounter a huge economic or political crisis and would become dependent on the west for help . 
   did i imply it was ? 
  at least that 's how i read your post . 
  the statement that even little support is '' * too much * '' in the context of the comment you replied to , seems to imply that this is a justification . 
  does n't justify violence and intimidation though . 
  all turks should look like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/cf/portrait_of_m._kemal_ataturk.jpg ) . 
  i 'm probably being racist here , but come on , it 's a good look !, 
   in 10 or 20 years the british economy will probably be bigger than germany 's well , that 's very optimistic considering that germany 's gdp is roughly 30 % larger , the uk has more debt/capita and runs a deficit . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://countryeconomy.com/countries/compare/germany/uk ) ), 
   french cyclists never stopped at red traffic light . 
  i think that applies to cyclists everywhere . 
  i ride my bike quite often , but i still think cyclists are by far the most reckless and dangerous road users ( on average ) . 
   serbia is among the balkan countries that is would like to conquer . 
  oh boy , who in their right mind would invade serbia ? 
  serbs are angry enough already when they 're left alone . 
  if they see an is militant in serbia , they will probably burn down mecca a few days later . 
  all romanians i 've met so far in germany , were super warm and friendly people . 
  i also saw them queuing in front of the local consulate during the last presidential election and that was really cool . 
  everything was peaceful ( although the consulate seemed to work intentionally slowly ) and many appeared very enthusiastic . 
  i hope romania keeps up with their fight against corruption and their economic growth . 
  if they do , the positive perception will likely follow . 
  to date there are unfortunately still to many people in germany that are all like `` romania is the land of the gypsies and they will steal my car '', 
  could n't they just introduce some quality seal , that makes it easily recognizable whether you have the real deal or not . 
  like a `` produced according to eu standards '' - seal . 
  then the consumers could decide for themselves if they want to buy the authentic stuff or some cheap knock-off from overseas . 
  you 're only an alcoholic if you drink beer or liquor . 
  if you drink a bottle of wine a day , you 're a well cultured connoisseur . 
  they are obviously russian patriots who want to make sure that all this bad western stuff got properly destroyed . 
   after years of campaigning by animal groups , the government in 2012 promised a ban . 
  but the bill , which had cross-party support , was blocked no fewer than 12 times , by just three mps . 
  huh ? 
  can someone explain to me how three mps can block a bill ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  the bear looks like he is about to pimp slap someone, 
   i think being 82 years old would somehow affect your abilities to run a country robert mugabe is 91 and he seems to still have pretty tight control over zimbabwe . 
  dover . 
  then everyone tries to hitch a ride to calais . 
  explain to the media that you are hoping to find a better meetup in france . 
   `` this is a problem that we are seeing throughout europe . 
  this group of people are the most neglected and living at the bottom of society off our small change . '' but they are not though and that 's exactly the problem . 
  these organized begging gangs are n't actually all that poor and they are almost always criminal . 
  in germany they often threaten the unorganzied beggars ( the ones that are actually poors and have fallen on hard times ) with violence , so they wo n't compete with them . 
  in the past i gladly gave a couple of coins to beggars , but nowadays you have a 90 % chance that it 's going to some criminal gang , so i 'm really reluctant to do so anymore .
