  but whatever , go weird manga girl !, 
  i agree . 
  if you have a well staffed and equipped police force that is actually allowed to deal with crime in migrant districts , the problem pretty much vanishes . 
  in germany we can see that every day . 
  in bavaria , where the state actually supports the police , there are hardly any places where you would feel unsafe . 
  in states like berlin or north rhine-westphalia , where police has been thinned out and held back in their work for political reasons , crime has become a real problem and `` problematic districts '' are much more prevalent . 
  bottom line : immigrants are not a problem , but giving them special treatment when it comes to law enforcement is . 
  then again you could also argue that an atheist is inherently biased against religious people . 
   when right wing arguments that go to the right of germanies political system like the cdu but even the center-right ( cdu/csu ) is very much underrepresented in the public discourse . 
  and while privately owned media companies are free to have whatever bias they please , for public media that is a problem . 
  the whole justification of expensive public media is based in its added value compared to private media - and that is unbiased ( as much as possible ) and high-quality reporting and not pushing certain agendas . 
   is it really a left wing bias ? 
  yes , because published opinion and public opinion can be very different . 
  see for example [ this survey ] ( http://media1.faz.net/ppmedia/aktuell/politik/4247589260/1.3968965/default/hq/infografik-umfrage-allensbach.jpg ) about the media 's role in the refugee crisis . 
   i mean , there 's got to be a reason that among intellectuals and artists there is a heavy left wing bias , too . 
  is n't there ? 
  it 's called self reproduction of social systems or autopoiesis . 
  i did n't say anything about a specific media company . 
  i think a lot of privately owned media outlets ( welt included ) are turning to more or less unpolitical clickbait factories anyway . 
  and consequently the media system at large is very left-leaning compared to the political affiliations of the general public . 
  the german media very rarely outright lies ( as rt or fox news do ) . 
  but does that mean they are credible ? 
  the real problems lies with the prevalent left-wing bias which manifests in agenda setting , framing , priming etc. 
  of course a 100 % unbiased media can not exist and private media companies are entitled to push a certain point of view . 
  but in my opinion the public media should put a lot more effort into a more balanced reporting of facts instead of pushing out highly emotionalized opinion pieces . 
  ireland is certainly more expensive than germany . 
  as far as i know they have a problem with rents going through the roof , especially in big cities . 
  it is gdp per capita in ppp and the cost of living is very cheap in germany compared to the nordic countries ( especially groceries ) . 
  there are 22.3 million protestants and 23.8 million catholics . 
  not that big of a difference . 
  they do n't even have a lead in any of the [ current polls ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/ ) . 
  and the more schulz has to reveal of his actual programme , the more the hype will die down , because either moderates or leftists will be displeased . 
  if anything he is a left-wing populist . 
  how can he just take the gun ? 
  do french soldiers not have shoulder straps for their guns like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/23/police.gun.1.london.arp.jpg ) ? 
  i read that in trump 's voice . 
  [ hmmmm ... just look at it ] ( http://www.sportklause-eddersheim.de/bilder/hollaender.jpg ), 
  it 's all the excitement of being at a protest , but you can stay at home and eat cookies instead of being out in the cold . 
  yeah , i guess it is also pure coincidence that he was an editor at jungle world , the most important anti-german newspaper , for several years . 
  so the guy who said `` the demise of the germans is the death of a people from its most beautiful side '' is expecting help from the german government now ? 
  pretty ironic . 
  the fast and the furious : helsinki drift ( 1920 edition ), 
  i eat cereal every morning and i usually have to buy 1kg/week , so that would amount to little over 50kg/year . 
  debt restructuring would n't have much of an effect ( since the interest rates are low anyway ) and it would also not really tackle the problems . 
  the cities have a lot of expenses that they can not cut by law ( public services ) . 
  cities also can not legally become bankrupt . 
  so once they run out of money ( and can not borrow enough new money because potential creditors are afraid the city wo n't be able to pay them back ) , the state has to step in . 
  the money will probably sooner or later be needed to bail out certain cities and states , which are - unlike the federal government - in many cases totally broke . 
  what he said is pretty much an outright lie as shown by the [ actual facts ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/presseservice/presse/pressemitteilungen/2016/07/pd16_255_132.html ) . 
  schulz is just as populist as the afd or die linke . 
  here in germany the christian democrats are under constant attack from all other parties in parliament just for not making new debt . 
  it is very hard for politicians to justify saving during economic upturns . 
  that was n't only a soviet idea . 
  homosexuality was listed as a disease on the international classification of diseases of the who until 1992 . 
  maybe because it would violate the charter of fundamental rights of the eu ? 
  at that point you could just as well not hold a press conference in the first place . 
  on the other hand saying nothing sometimes says the most . 
  i do n't think that this was a strategic move . 
  it will probably drive off a lot more potential voters than it could attract new ones . 
  in my opinion there is a faction in the afd ( h\u00f6cke and friends ) that wants to turn the party into a rebranded npd and it seems like they are gaining influence . 
  true , norway is generating more than twice [ tax revenue per capita ] ( http://i.imgur.com/x3zf9ku.png ) than ireland . 
  it 's not exactly a secret . 
  at least here in germany i have seen this reported in the media as well . 
  the roma beggars on the ground are under a lot of pressure to make enough money , so they do n't like competition . 
  i do n't think many people in germany consume hashish . 
  basically all the stoners i have met so far smoked marijuana , i think i have only seen hash once in real life . 
  it would be interesting to compare gdp figures for both aldi-territories . 
  in nrw ( and i think in hessen as well ) the border pretty much cuts up the state into the rich and the poor part . 
  there is obviously a strong correlation between aldis and productivity and success . 
  in other words : if you ever find yourself in an aldi nord , you should reevaluate your life choices . 
  i do n't think there is a single country on earth where wealth and political power are not correlated . 
  sadly i noticed that i started to become more and more desensitized in regards to terror attacks in turkey . 
  by now reading these headlines kinda feels like reading about terror attacks in iraq or afghanistan . 
  although i know it 's a tragedy , at some level i just think `` oh , another one ? '', 
  and move on . 
  it 's sad . 
   `` china is a big country . 
  we can have our differences with china , but you do n't talk to a partner like that , '' jean-marc-ayrault told france 2 television . 
  if china is supposedly our partner , we should be able to call them out on their bullshit . 
  if germany would pressure everyone to not recognize austria as an independent state , should other european countries play along so we do n't feel `` questioned '' ? 
  it 's one thing to not unnecessarily stir things up , but we do n't have to suck up to china in all regards because it might hurt their feelings otherwise . 
  i have seen quite a lot of people from the middle east ( and to a lesser extent africa ) converting and being baptized in church in the last 12-18 months . 
  personally i do n't suspect anyone of those of doing it for asylum related reasons . 
  some were christians before coming to germany , but had to hide it back in their home countries and only want to make it `` official '' now . 
  others were inspired by the reasons mentioned in the article or because they came in contact with christians through the christian organizations helping out at the refugee centers . 
  of course i can not rule out that there are some among them with primarily utilitarian reasons , but if so , they are putting in a lot of effort to appear credible . 
  italy 's debt to gdp ratio is much higher and as soon as the situation there gets out of control we will have a eu-wide crisis anyway . 
  in a way you could argue that it makes sense to invest a lot now , because the next crisis will come anyway and everything you have built/spent until then will at least retain some worth . 
  is n't that just because of the remittances from turks in western europe ? 
  i quickly put together a [ table ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4cbcbiq.png ) from eurostat data with median equivalised net income in purchasing power standards . 
  with such low unemployment i think you could expect germany to stand out more , which indicates that we indeed have a lot of low paying jobs in my opinion ( especially in relation to our economic output ) . 
  it is explained there that they surveyed people by telephone and the study is representative . 
  since the survey was done in 2008 , i 'd assume the number of muslims to actually be higher today than what is claimed there . 
  i read the commentary on the website . 
  ** after rereading the whole paragraph i think i might have misinterpreted the last two sentences . 
  however the problem that remains is that they do n't give a source for their claim that the number of muslims is much smaller than what the government claims . 
  even the [ official government estimation ] ( http://www.bmi.bund.de/de/themen/gesellschaft-verfassung/staat-religion/islam/islam_node.html ) puts muslims at 5 % . 
  if you look at the source of the chart , you will see that they put a lower number because many muslims are n't organized in formal organizations . 
  this is misleading at best . 
   the thing i find most disappointing of all is that this is now a top story on the guardian and people are `` calling for action '' before the study has even been published , before anyone can even look at the methodology .
