  in a democracy everyone can form parties . 
  we already have christian democratic parties all over europe , why should muslims not have the right to pursue their political interests ? 
  as long as a party sticks to democratic principles , let the voters decide if they want to see a muslim party in parliament or not . 
   what brussels and the troika want today is for the yes [ vote ] to win so they could humiliate the greeks yeah , the only thing that the eu is interested in is ` humiliating greeks ' just for the sake of it . 
  if the yes option wins , they will all gather in their huge castle of doom , sip some wine and laugh maniacally at the live footage of greek people being poor . 
  well , if you are looking for an alternative , you can always join germany , 
  ( south ) west germany here . 
  we hit 39 \u00b0 c today ( locally ) . 
  i 'm originally from north germany and i feel like i 'm melting . 
  but what can you do ? 
  just stay inside all day and get semi drunk . 
  thank you for expressing my thoughts way better than i would have . 
   is n't this kind of a big deal ? 
  why should it be ? 
  we already know that north korea is a rogue state . 
  and pretty much all sanctions short of actual war have already been applied . 
  what 's going to change if we learn about another inhumane experiment in north korea ? 
  we already know that their prison camps are pretty much comparable to nazi germany 's kzs . 
  the trick is being already drunk when you arrive to the party . 
  well , chicken tikka masala is pretty awesome though . 
  germany did n't enter the eurozone with a public debt  60 % of gdp . 
  as you can check [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/graph.do?tab=graph&amp;plugin=1&amp;pcode=tipsgo10&amp;language=en&amp;toolbox=sort ) germany only broke the 60 % line as of 2003 . 
  especially in the older generation it often seems to be conventional wisdom that drafts are super bad . 
  using the ac in your car ? 
  instant pneumonia . 
  i do n't think there is a difference . 
  did somebody even bother to ask them what they think of this matter ? 
  to me the news read more like `` bavarian head teacher does a stupid thing '' than `` refugees will rape girls in skirts '' . 
  opposed . 
  mods of / r/europe , please keep up moderation and delete threads that contain no informational value and are basically only fearmongering . 
  thank you . 
  can we please get a filter option for threads regarding immigration ? 
  recently like 80 % of the frontpage is things like `` shocking video of an immigrant jaywalking !!!, 
  is this the end of european civilization ?? 
  i do n't see why some dutch ngo has any business with the laws in poland . 
  ca n't they just leave it to the polish people to care about the laws in their country ? 
  let 's get fucking wild , but in a calm and orderly fashion . 
  what 's up with spain ? 
  i remember watching something on tv about ` ghost towns ' in spain where they showed whole districs of empty new houses . 
  should n't that drive rents down ? 
  or is it that everyone moves to madrid and barcelona and that drives rents up ? 
  seems like a great deal for all people that like driving . 
  especially with those super low gas prices in the us . 
  i love how the guy in the video is just making it worse with his erratic behaviour . 
  i would have just put one of those boxes over my head and waited it out . 
  yeah , this is very , very common especially among uni students . 
  it 's actually the reason why more and more cities are introducing a tax ( zweitwohnungssteuer ) for people who do n't declare their second flat as main place of residence . 
  the problem for cities with large universites is , that there are more people living there than are registered , meaning that the city gets less money from the state and the federal government than it would actually be entitled to . 
  i do n't fully understand why they are so deperately trying to get to the uk instead of applying for asylum in france . 
  i mean it 's not like they will get showered with free money as soon as they illegaly reach british soil ? 
  i have a hard time believing the results of the opinion poll . 
  i mean pew research is normally a solid and reliable organization , but can it really be true that in no european country a majority would support other nato countries in case of an attack ? 
  i know that people are reluctant to support ukraine , but i have never met someone who outright said that we should abandon the principle of mutual defense in case of an military attack on nato . 
  i want to believe !, 
   if a bank makes a bad call or takes a `` miscalculated '' risk , then the bank should pay for its mistake . 
  i 'm not arguing with that . 
  i 'm just saying if you are going to write an actual law , you have to be very specific and ca n't just write something like `` banks should pay too '' . 
  you need to deal with questions like `` what is the specific fault of the banks ? 
  '' , `` which banks are to blame ? 
  '' , `` can you prove that the banks knew beforehand that things were going to shit ? 
  '' , `` how much money would the banks be obligated to pay and for how long ? 
  '' , `` what if the potential punishments lead to a banking crisis again , which in return would also lead to even more hardship for the common people ? 
  '' , `` whom should the banks give money too ? 
  the greek government ? 
  the greek taxpayers ? 
  the eu ? '' ... 
  my point is basically that good ideas do not always make good laws , because laws ca n't leave much room for interpretation . 
  i do n't think many people would disagree with the vague idea of solidarity with the greek people . 
  however , `` the financial sector should pay '' is n't something you can make an actual law of . 
  as soon as it comes to the very specific measures that should be taken to help greece , things might become a bit more controversial . 
  everyone who thinks russia is not big enough , should get in their car and take a drive from the western to the eastern border . 
  maybe that would change their minds . 
  seriously though , russia is already pretty much inconceivable large , even if you exclude the permafrost regions . 
  more than enough space for less than 150 million people . 
  just put some dutch people there and wait a few years . 
  and what will happen if the average daytime decreases , because we use too much sunlight for energy ? 
  just take a look at the submission history of / u/schardt and you might see a pattern . 
  i think in the long run only three regions in the east will survive . 
  the city triangle dresden - leipzig - chemnitz in saxony , the berlin-potsdam region and the coastline . 
  for all other regions the future does n't look to good . 
  maybe they can be turned into national parks or we can send refugees there . 
  i 've been to denmark last week and saw a ton of election posters . 
  i 've got two questions though . 
  i noticed the ` liberal alliance ' seems actually to be called liberal alliance and does not have a danish name . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  is that some kind of `` we 're so progressive '' thing ? 
  i saw posters for `` radikale b '' . 
  is that the same as radikale venstre ? 
  well , i can certainly appreciate if someone makes an attempt to speak german . 
  but if you are not going to understand my ( german ) answer anyway , i do n't really see the point . 
  however that 's just my opinion and there are other people to whom it is more important that you learn some phrases in the local language . 
   however , what i find a tad bit annoyng is english speakers ( be it american , canadian , british ) who make little to no efforts to learn other languages , especially if they travel within europe . 
  i do n't think this applies only to english native speakers . 
  whenever i am in another ( non german-speaking ) country , i talk to people in english without asking first . 
  personally it also does not bother me when foreigners address me in english . 
  in my opinion it is not really necessary to learn a language unless you want to permanently settle down in the respective country . 
  being downvoted on reddit for religious comments is the internet version of martyrdom , 
  well , make your voice heard anyway . 
  it would be refreshing to hear someone speak out for ttip instead of the usual fearmongering . 
   i 'm getting drunk tonight to celebrate this !,
