  [ but ... but ... that is ... ] ( http://galeri12.uludagsozluk.com/515/absolutely-haram_656380.jpg ), 
  after the equalizer it briefly looked like juventus might have a chance to find their way back into the game . 
  but in the end barcelona deservedly prevailed . 
  they just have an incredible strong team at the moment , especially with the messi / neymar / suarez striker trio . 
   our ancestors would be so ashamed of us destroying what they created . 
  my ancestors would probably also be ashamend that we do not try to occupy france anymore , but i can live with that . 
  there are some other factors as well . 
  in populated areas trains are n't allowed to go as fast due to safety concerns . 
  also the tracks are less likely to be built in a straight line , but will often have to go around cities / villages / factories whatever . 
  people will complain about the trains making noise and try to lobby the government into building tracks somewhere else . 
  the existing tracks are used by a lot more trains , so as soon as one train is delayed for some reason , it starts a chain reaction , which in return forces you to give the trains more ` buffer time ' . 
  it 's all in all just a lot more complicated than to operate a line between two cities that have only fields inbetween them . 
  they do n't have anything , that really makes them special . 
  with brasil and south korea you would integrate major players in their respective regions into the g8 . 
  australia is only ( somewhat ) connected to southeast asia , which is not the most relevant region . 
  arguments for brasil would be big population , economic growth , size of land , leading country in south america and so on . 
  south korea , while nominal gdp might be comparable to australia , has the advantage of global strategic position and having multiple electronic companies that are key players in the globalized economy . 
   you could probably do paris-berlin in less then a day i just looked it up and you can travel to paris from berlin in 8h16min and from paris to warsaw in 13h55min . 
  i think the most realistic candidates would be brasil and south korea . 
  i guess it depends on what you are accustomed to . 
  personally i would feel somewhat unsafe if the police did n't carry guns . 
  we went from third reich to being more tolerant than the countries that had to liberate us . 
  now we only have to beat sweden and become # 1 in tolerance !, 
  i think it kinda had to come down to this . 
  if you really want to get rid of a patronage system , you have to go after the top patron at one point . 
  the outcome of this might very well determine how the fight against corruption will turn out in the long run . 
  if they manage to get ponta to resign and show that they are able to try him for his corruption , then everyone knows that they are not untouchable anymore . 
  that might give a huge boost the anti-corruption effort , because the perceived individual risk rises . 
  if however ponta manages to come out on top , the opposite might be the case . 
  it is very likely that he will try everything in his power to cut down the influence of the anti-corruption agency after what he probably sees as an attack on his person . 
  i hope justive prevails . 
  it 's a logical decision for the individuals leaving , but it will also ensure that the currently dominating opinion wo n't be met with any criticism in the future . 
  [ relevant caricature ] ( http://media.economist.com/images/20090822/d3409eu1.jpg ), 
  maybe the russians and qataris put pressure on him , because they are afraid to lose their world cups ? 
  getting blatter to resign might appease the general public enough to take a lot of momentum out of the current `` anti-fifa campaign '' . 
  so getting rid of blatter might be pawn sacrifice ? 
  this is so ridiculous . 
  how is a long skirt a religious symbol ? 
  are they supposed to wear mini-skirts now to prove how much they conform with western culture ? 
  personal freedom for everyone as long as you dress and behave exactly like us ? 
  offenbach for example, 
  why do so many people here pretend that immigration will automatically lead to a breakdown of european civilization ? 
  we have cities in germany where about 50 % of the population has a migration background and we still do n't live in some post apocalyptic warzone . 
  intercept it where exactly ? 
  if you do it within libyan borders , that would pretty much be an act of war . 
  if you do it outside , libya will probably not grant them access to their territory after that . 
  so unless you want to coerce the north african states into doing our bidding with military means , that 's not very likely to work . 
  well , poland could take more refugees and auschwitz / o\u015bwi\u0119cim seems like a nice little town . 
  i 'm sure that 's what / u/rammsteindebg meant . 
  as far as i know the added substances only increase the nicotine addiction . 
  withdrawal would probably be easier if you 'd only smoke pure tobacco , but i think you would still be addicted . 
  i do n't know anything about the use about tobacco in medicine , but that would n't necessarily mean that it 's not addictive . 
  many countries for example still use morphine as a pain medication , which can give you a bad addiction pretty fast . 
   59 % have tried to quit , 20 % succeded . 
  i think something that most people who have never smoked do n't understand , is how insanely difficult it is to quit . 
  i quit in early 2014 after about 10 years of smoking and the occasional cravings lasted for roughly a year . 
  one evening getting drunk in a bar with friends who still smoke is often all it takes to relapse . 
  my point is bascially that raising awareness about negative health effects , will not lead to everyone quitting . 
  unless tobacco is completely outlawed , smoking will always be a thing . 
  i think the most realistic thing that we can hope for at the moment is that the major sponsors start to withdraw . 
  if coca-cola etc come to the conclusion that being associated with fifa is becoming detrimental to their image while publicly breaking ties with fifa would make a good publicity stunt , than this could actually happen . 
  i guess a lot of this is all-inclusive beach tourism . 
  there is probably only a very slim margin of profit per person with this kind of tourism . 
  i think the problem is that with the rise of feminism stay-at-home moms are now kinda looked down upon . 
  but at the same time it 's still seen as at least somewhat odd when the man stays at home . 
  and on top of this sending your kids to daycare at an early age is often seen negatively as well . 
  so most people plan on having kids when they are both so established in their careers that they can take a few years off and still find a job again afterwards easily . 
  which often never really happens until they are too old to have children . 
  you are an apostate . 
  well , italy has the best suits , i 'll give them that . 
  i kinda expected a russian a-bomb to go off over vienna for the big finale . 
  i 'm somewhat disappointed now . 
   it is for old people and losers . 
  it is for old people and losers unless your country ends up winning , then it is a culturally important european music competition . 
  yes . 
  federalize now !, 
   according to the pictures available from today the numbers are pretty similar , maybe a bit larger but certainly not close to 100k . 
  the german magazine spiegel puts the number at 30,000 in an [ article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/mazedonien-regierung-von-nikola-gruevski-mobilisiert-demonstranten-in-skopje-a-1034352.html ) about this . 
  probably because of all the mountains . 
  involuntary exercise . 
   people join cyclist unions when they want to change things , not when they are happy . 
  i would n't be so sure about that . 
  here in germany most people join the major cyclist union ( allgemeiner deutscher fahrrad-club ) , because of the large variety of tours they offer . 
  the political lobbying is something that mostly only a few people on the top level of the organisation are doing . 
   the who definition is :  a bmi greater than or equal to 25 is overweight  a bmi greater than or equal to 30 is obesity . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs311/en/ ), 
  oh yeah , the aquadom . 
  you probably already know this , but is has a transparent elevator on the inside . 
  the last time i used it , i spent way too much time thinking about the amount of pressure that must apply on these glass walls . 
   there has to be a lot history in berlin , right ? 
  well , to be fair , there is . 
  the berlin-hohensch\u00f6nhausen memorial ( former political prison run by the stasi ) for example is a very good museum . 
  they offer tours which are done by former inmates and this is a very memorable experience . 
  furthermore i would recommend the checkpoint charlie museum , the `` tr\u00e4nenpalast '' , the jewish museum berlin and of course a tour through the reichstag building . 
  to be totally honest i have to admit the my dislike of berlin is kind of a regional thing . 
   also i am black and the warnings i got about east germany were more about racism and neo-nazis . 
  i actually keep hearing that dresden was really bad for that kind of stuff . 
  do you think that is an undeserved reputation ? 
  well , that 's a though question . 
  i 've lived in saxony for a couple of years and i have to say racism is indeed a bigger problem there than it is in west germany .
