why exactly is he tho ? 
  she said she is from a country which does n't exist . 
  he corrected her . 
  why is he an asshole ? 
  croatian , hungarian , english . 
  reading that as a croat made it sound `` kuham te '' ( on croatian ) which means `` i 'm cooking you '', 
  \\  russians of / r/europe, 
  eli5 , why does hungary sound like its going down the shitter ? 
  it 's still better than negative growth tho, 
  you should just kick them all out of your country , not matter how rude it will be . 
  nobody has a right to come from some middle-eastern shithole into a modern country and then try to put their laws there . 
  i had a chance to visit balaton for free , but i signed late just a day or two :( i really wanted to go there . . 
  i feel the same , i do n't want the borders open to any islamic state . 
  especially since turkey is like a bridge between middle east and europe . 
  russians are a minority in latvia and estonia , you have no rights to go there and annex those parts . 
  from 142mil people living in russia , 114mil are russians , maybe the rest of 28mil ethic groups should invade russia and occupy those regions ? 
  i am using the same logic as you are . 
  i ca n't believe that you are supporting the annexation of other countries . 
  maybe the whole world should go to a war because idiots like you think that it 's okay to invade a country just because there is a certain amount of minorities there . 
   go there if you get the chance but never come to live in this shithole , ca n't wait to move out . 
  so does ours . . 
  lol i thought you had slovenia flair : /, 
   most favourite : kinda obvious how is it obvious ? 
  sorry i do n't get it . 
  why would every neighbour hate hungary ? 
  muslims wo n't come in croatia in those big numbers , even if they do , this country is extremly catholic and muslims here wo n't have a good time , these homophobes in my country still refuse to let gay people married , what do you think how will they act towards muslims ? 
  when is it estimated to happen ? 
  afaik hungary and finnish are the only language in europe with a specific origin of their language, 
  he meant to say penis in his underpants, 
  i 'd rather accept 200k europeans than 10k muslims, 
  good . 
  ** in the last 2 years over 210 bosniaks have left their country for syria and iraq ** a study has shown that 156 men , 36 women and 25 children have left bih from 2012 to 2014 . 
  from those numbers , only 48 men and 3 women have returned to bih . 
  a lot of those men were already known to the court and the police ( probably for bad behaviour etc. ), 
  ** they do n't intend to come back ** first , they 've been in syria for about two months , but some of them came back to bosnia , of those who came back , some have decided not to go back to syria but some have decided to take their families with them and go back to syria . 
  their motives may vary , but the speculation is that they went there to fulfill their religious views . 
  this was the most important stuff, 
  it 's german , ca n't be anything else , you can only learn english and german in our schools , you can not refuse english and if you want you can attend german classes . 
  and our nation sees germany as ` perfect country ' and thats why we emigrate so much there . 
  https://youtu.be/qyzccu5tn7a?t=1m19s you can turn subtitles on btw , much better, 
  in ukraine they got physically assaulted , i think you shoul 've linked that one, 
  yeah i guess you 're fine , most of the people that get killed here are n't just some random citizens but involved in drug usage & trafficking , gangs etc. . 
  i guess the same thing is in sweden , cheers . 
  how can money dissapear tho ? 
  surely those 300b went somewhere else , unless you are talking 300b of worth ( for example if they spilled 300b worth of oil ), 
  is n't that still a little bit too high ? 
  i could be wrong tho , you have like 10 mil people, 
  my friend 's great grandfather was in the ss . . 
  i went to germany a few months ago . . 
  paid 3,60 $ for a 0,33 l beer . 
  fml, 
  i dont understand the preoccupation with any shot drink , because they all have a horrible taste, 
  same shit, 
  us doing shit on middle east a decade ago is probably the reason why today isis exist, 
  sigh . 
  its happening !!, 
  ! ^ hype, 
  wow , what a shitty attempt to justify the american 's hardwork . . you think all the people who are working 2 jobs are able to have a expensive house , a pool , cadillac and upbring 2 children ? 
  and i stay by what i say , this is all entiretly possible with a 40 hour work week . 
  maybe not in croatia , but in other eu countries , sure . 
   50 % , and welfare is 25 $ a month that 's for bosnia right ? 
  high standards of living are common here by working 40 hrs a week you know . . 
  but what really matters is , did the quality of life improve in countries in which the bdp grew ? 
  could anyone explain me why does n't europe just forgive the loans of greece ? 
  with my non-existent economy knowledge , my conclusion is that these forceful cuts and money taking from greece is hurting them very bad which is backfiring and then hurting the whole eu and ruins the currency of euro . . 
  so why do n't we just forgive the greeks for their loans and move the f on ? 
  imo we should pump money in greece , not taking it from them . 
  for real tho , adidas has . . sandals ? 
  this pic looks like some serious movie poster in which some shit going down while we have this heroic angle and a specific guy watching it all happen from a very heroic position, 
   that \u00b4 s not real islam guys !, 
  and what is real islam ? 
  jihad ( women opression ) killing for leaving the religion ?? 
   but since it 's outside of european soil not many people care . 
  maybe because this is / r/europe ? 
  it will unfortunately only get worse, 
  the sad truth ... where do you work ? 
  too much immigrants !!!, 
  good . 
  but does n't france have a lot of immigrants too ? 
  and most of them are arab/muslim and are probably having more babies than you per average family . 
  is uk and france so high because of immigrants ? 
  i hope not , because if the answer is yes the most of the kids today are from immigrants, 
  same , like why do you give a fuck srsly . . 
  in elementary school i had a teacher on subject croatian , and she knew to complain how croatian might die off one day ( to be honest her concern is justified because she was teaching croatian ) but i could n't understand the logic . . 
  in future we all might use a universal language which would make everything easier and that concerns you ? 
  i know you are joking , but you are half right, 
  now imagine what kind of a country the us could be if they did n't waste so much money on wars and war equipment . . 
  haha our country is a fucking joke lol . . ca n't wait to move out . 
  ffs , i thought i said something bad and i was afraid to check this, 
  we invented the tie . 
  males : everyone wearing white converse paired with short skinny dark blue jeans and a fit short t shirt . 
  if they were women they 'd be called a whore they way they dress, 
  this is definitely not true . 
  the real number atleast here is for 10 % less , so about 13 %, 
  green !, 
  renewable energy , efficiency . . quite optimistic about stuff like that actually . 
  croatia will be fucked because low fertility rate , already a small population , i will probably move out . 
  also our economy is worse every year . . 
  i think that there is no hope for my country anymore . 
  people love that its mostly atheists .
