explains london house prices !, 
  why is the french government promoting the teaching of religion ( of any sort ) at all . 
  with the current state of french education , the last thing the kids need is to waste any time on something that that at the end of the day is no use in the modern world . 
  you do n't need to wrap up a moral compass in the supernatual, 
  so if it is so wonderful , why are they hiding their faces ? 
  living in france in the basque country , i certainly ca n't see this part of the basque country going independent in my life time . 
  in addition i ca n't see navarro leaving spain to join a basque entity . 
  robert fisk at his very best . 
  read it, 
  there were 2 i should have specified the second one , the one above stonehenge . 
  i do n't think that looks like il doumo, 
  which cathedral is that , koln possibly ? 
  so instead of contributing to the social and educational system which allowed them to become what they are , they whinge about how tough it is because there are not resources enough available to develop new talent . 
  they should stop `` off-shoring '' and do something practical with the loot . 
  the `` on-shore '' money that we use to pay for subscriptions should not be funneled off to tax havens . . it distorts the economies of places like sweden as for lack of housing why does daniel not take a leaf out of the great quaker companies like cadbury and rowntree and build houses for their workers and colleges for coding ? 
  ru absolutely sure about that ? 
  whilst i know that britain is not part of the schengen agreement , i can not recall that ever occurring to me . 
  i have just returned from tokyo to paris on a uk passport , and am sure i went through the eu citizens gate at cdg . 
  ii hope that all the `` outers '' will relish the idea of having to queue up with with the other non eu members for passport control when they visit europe . 
  the general consensus among journalist is that boris sees this as his best route to leading the conservative party . 
  boris would flog his sister rachel to white sex slave traffickers if he thought it would get him the leadership . 
  first off they put all those folk who love working in bookshops out of work , then they put all those folk who hate working for amazon out of work . 
  then they cunningly pay no tax on the profits they earn . 
  funny old world, 
   to sink a battleship http://idioms.thefreedictionary.com/enough+to+sink+a+battleship, 
  he should never have taken it in the first place , but yes you are right . 
  he has taken enough money out of the system ( i believe he employed his wife as an assistant , ) to be able to retire . 
   so you want a complete echo-chamber ? 
  where no one criticises what they 're doing , or to call them out of their shit , because if they think that they should ' t be there ? 
  where the only people there are ones who agree , and continue the circlejerk with no opposition , or reason to think about what they 're doing ? 
  no , but i want the the politicians who are elected to work to make that institution better . 
   you essentially want a 1 party system , you want a dictatorship ... well at the rate the eu is going i think you 'll get your wish . 
  with enough parties to sink a battleship i hardly think that is going to happen  nothing hes said in this video , has to do with completely breaking up the eu , all he ever does is highlight problems within the eu , and issues in the way it runs things . 
  things which they can work towards fixing , which would n't mean anyone would want to leave the eu , but as they wo n't listen to reason , or give an inch , some people see leaving as the only option . 
  that is the whole reason ukip exists , it is to leave the eu . 
  nigel farage has been drawing a salary as an mep for too long . 
  how can he justify taking money from a body he is fundamentally against ? 
  if he wishes to leave the eu , he should work within the uk parliament to achieve that . 
  however he has personally failed to gain a seat in the harder to win uk election and has settled for the soft option in euro parliament . 
  he has further connived to increase his party 's funding by joining up with fairly suspect factions in the euro parliament . 
  i am a welshman living in france who remembers all too well the difficulties of moving freight around europe before the movement of goods became free and the ease with which you can now . 
  one of the reasons britain is not playing a leading role in europe is because of people like farrage, 
  islam is actually a much younger religion than christianity or judaism . 
  it borrowed much of its theology from earlier religions and presented it as its own . 
  let 's hope that that its hijacking by the salafists and saudi funded wahhabi movement is only temporary and that one day it will have its own enlightenment as christianity did . 
  am secular person ( hoping for the best !! ), 
  i would like to see more dialogue before we spend another penny on military hardware . 
  the world is facing an existentialist threat from our polluted environments and global warming . 
  the current migration from africa is nothing compared to what is going to happen . 
  the ukranians did not help the current situation by overthrowing that corrupt bastard yanokovich when they did , for all its flaws that agreement with russia should have been allowed to run it course , then we might not be in the current situation with a totally worthless and corrupt western backed government in place and a snubbed russia ( always paranoid about its western border after 2 invasions from europe previously ) on the other side . 
  buy more weaponry , the old stuff gets sold to africa , more wars and more refugees eisenhower was right when he warned of the dangers of the military and industrial corporations nothing is going to be solved with more bloody guns, 
  * for egxample * interesting mis-type ( i assume ) , eg = exempli gratia which is where e.g. 
  came from , and yet you put it at the beginning of the second word of the english translation , example, 
  that was quick , they found a replacement for the uk before it had even left . 
  maybe a not very bright ira sniper trying to figure out the diff between a unionist ( formerly scottish ) protestant and a native irishman, 
  here 's this `` the greco-egyptian scientist claudius ptolemy referred to the larger island as great britain ( \u03bc\u03b5\u03b3\u03ac\u03bb\u03b7\u03c2 \u0392\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03b1\u03c2 - meg\u00e1lis brettanias ) and to ireland as little britain ( \u03bc\u03b9\u03ba\u03c1\u03ae\u03c2 \u0392\u03c1\u03b5\u03c4\u03c4\u03b1\u03bd\u03af\u03b1\u03c2 - mikris brettanias ) in his work almagest ( 147 -- 148 ad ) . 
  [ 36 ] in his later work , geography ( c. 150 ad ) , he gave these islands the names alwion , iwernia , and mona ( the isle of man ) , [ 37 ] suggesting these may have been names of the individual islands not known to him at the time of writing almagest . 
  [ 38 ] the name albion appears to have fallen out of use sometime after the roman conquest of great britain , after which britain became the more commonplace name for the island called great britain . 
  [ 35 ] '' this came from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles sometime in the middle ages , brittany in france was also known as little britain . 
  you will have to source that yourself i am afraid as i am behind on some work , but it should be easy, 
  the great actually came about as it was used to distinguish the two islands of britannia by the romans . 
  ireland was little britain and the other island was greater britain it was just a size thing, 
  * prosciutto * probably and more likely to be serrano or iberico as it 's spain , however he may just have an italian deli close by, 
  that seems a pretty bold claim ( at least for western europe and scandinavia ), 
  the second the uk enacts article 50 , it is out , there is actually nothing to negotiate re the exit . 
  at that point britain will have 2 years to negotiate a trade deal of some sort before it reverts to trading under wto rules unless a deal can be put together which allows it trade with europe with specific privileges . 
  during that 2 year period it will have access to the single market but without any say in the running of that single market . 
  that in essence is article 50 . 
  hence the reason behind the uk 's delaying tactics . 
  not really they listened to murdoch ( sun ) american ( formerly australian ) and vera rothersmere ( daily mail ) non dom tax paying something . 
  two bullies for sure and they listened to them, 
  i often think how much better it would have been for the uk , if we had had angela rather than margaret . 
  whist she was spending all that time destroying the unions ( which did have some terrible leaders as did british industry at that time ) she also did a lot of harm to british industry and her successor fellow tory john major had no problem shitting on successful company directors such as in the matrix churchill case . 
  before any half-assed redditors yell `` all we had to do was lose the war to hitler , then you could have had angela as pm '' , that is not what i am arguing , i am saying a dose of her skills at seeking a compromise might not have thrown the baby out with the bathwater as mrs thatcher did, 
  bentley ( a part of vw ) is doing quite well so germany might take that in-house . 
  as is rolls royce ( a part of bmw ) , so that could be munich bound . 
  the wings for airbus are made in filton , so i imagine the french might want to take that bit back . 
  all the international companies with their european hqs in the uk must be thinking seriously about what they are going to do ... no point in having a european hq outside the eu . 
  what a cluster fuck . 
  good idea !, 
  let 's put farage , gove and johnson in charge of the negotiations , that way they will not be able to blame anyone else if it goes belly up, 
  probably a lot cheaper to only elect meps who speak all the european languages . 
  http://awesomescreenshot.com/0185xvoq09 screenshot of the link as requested although it did work for me , no firewall, 
  https://ig.ft.com/sites/brexit-polling/ ft probably a bit more reliable than what is left of the independent, 
  yes both of them 1839 -- 1842 and 1856 -- 1860 . 
  sovereignty is a weird concept . 
  in gb we have a system where the government consists of a party that 64 % of the people voted against at the last election and a second chamber that no-one voted for , so it certainly is not a sovereignty that puts the people of gb first . 
  if anyone thinks that china has forgotten the humiliation that it suffered when the british sent in the royal navy to push through a drug deal , they had better think again . 
  troubled times ahead . 
  also i got the trucker thing wrong . . it was not the mp who stated that , the mp said that lots of regs should go and when prompted for some , witness said truckers could drive longer hours . 
  bad me , libeled john flasby lawrance whittingdale , but he does annoy me , so i am not sorry, 
  thanks for taking the time to reply , jacob rees-mogg said regulations that were `` good enough for india '' could be good enough for the uk -- arguing that the uk could go `` a very long way '' to rolling back high eu standards . 
  i will see if i can track down the quote re trucks edit : i have a soft spot for rees mog , i used to score pot off his cousin in my student days !, 
  different owners ?? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daily_mail possibly not, 
  whilst you are right , it is worth pointing out that three tory mp have suggested the following we change workplace regulations to match that of india ( rees mog ) truck drivers should be able to work longer hour ( whitindale ( sp ) ) drop environmental regulations ( gove ) in addition it should be noted that the author of the piece is sarah vine ( mrs gove ) who wrote to hubby suggesting that it was important that the tories get a leader that murdoch and harmsworth would be happy with , within hours he dropped support for boris . 
  fwiw i voted remain and will be remaining as i live in france, 
  bit worrying for france , if putin 's new mate marine le pen thinks this is a good policy . 
  oooops , too early in the morning , not enough coffee . 
  although tbh i was probably aiming for dancharia or dantxaria rather than dantxarinea .
