my heart breaks for you . 
  not really go away . 
  donate your salary then . 
  is it still as badly optimized as arma 2 ? 
  operation flashpoint was a really good game . 
  yeah congratulations romania . 
  losing always sucks but what can you do . 
  how much time does the flight take ? 
  unbelievable . 
  so being a part of a terrorist organization is n't a crime ? 
  we 're steal waiting for south korea . 
  it 's not one time . 
  and everyone knows how good a source wikipedia is right ? 
  better safe than sorry . 
  how does being watched by the police mean that he 's treated like a criminal ? 
  yeah this one has no chance . 
  not even cicero could win this one . 
  i do n't want to be here . 
  the police are watching . 
  what does that exactly mean ? 
  is this a serious question ? 
  wow how many immigrants did you take ? 
  keep them coming , there 's plenty of jail space free . 
  and i have to say i 'm appalled by the attitude of some fighters for european values posting here . 
  the law abiding holier than thou saints could n't possibly condone such a gross criminal offense . 
  you 've let europe down . 
  the disrespect is unreal . 
  you 're doing god 's work poland . 
  keep up the good work . 
  and remember when in doubt do it anyway . 
  yes but in 3 years mutti merkel will solve the refugee crisis !, 
  no it 's not understandable . 
  if you 're offended by an uniform close your eyes then . 
  shame he could n't be imprisoned . 
  just fire them and be done with it . 
  yeah we have the same tradition in croatia . 
  except here everyone shoves up drunk at 5 am , takes a coffee break every thirty minutes and lies til dark falls . 
  just imagine how many refugees you could have taken in !, 
  naughty uk . 
  he 's a known shit poster who is tolerated for some reason here . 
  please our politicians behave like spoiled children . 
  just ignore vulin 's bs and laugh at the fool . 
  do their comment sections get approved by the government or what ? . 
  it 's like nk level of delusion , every other comment is prime minister is leading us to glory . 
  this border nonsense needs to stop asap . 
  the only thing organic in there is the polluted air . 
  another quality b92 article . 
  / s praise our lord and saviour against fascism vu\u010di\u0107, 
  moskvitch car best car . 
  it 's hard to crash when you ca n't break 50 unless downhill . 
  putin can into space !, 
  if only we could keep him there indefinitely . 
  shot 's fired !, 
  yeah that 's it . 
  see yourself out . 
  i 'm ancient at 25 , 
  yes it 's mandatory in croatia from the first grade . 
  with an optional second language in fourth grade . 
  never been to the us but from what i 've seen in movies no . 
  our hotdogs are just a sausage in a bun . 
  with ketchup and mayonnaise . 
  some degenerates also use mustard . 
  the minister for arguing with croatia has spoken . 
  jeremi\u0107 approves . 
  yeah no salad for me . 
  we just wa n't the bloody immigrants to go away . 
  i 'm personally sick and tired of their bs . 
  the blockade is just a jackass move . 
  racism against meat eaters . 
  it 's a part of my culture !, 
  he 's not going to stop until he get 's in a quarrel with all our neighbours . 
  he obviously did n't read about barbarian and ottoman multicultural trips we experienced . 
  so smart . 
  this seems vaguely familiar . 
  why would you know anything about this crisis ? 
  put your faith in the infallible eu . 
  they probably only asked his friends . 
  they should ask the americans for advice . 
  their bs is at least 2 times as funny `` weapons of mass destruction '' . 
  ha ha, 
  how much sheep dogs is 95 kg ? 
  we eat immigrant children here spread the word . 
  other than that standard bs report . 
  ah but there are dialects so diverse that neighboring villages do n't understand each other . 
  534 too many . 
  still need more work . 
  these people need professional help asap . 
  both the cia and nsa can take a hike . 
  we 'll simply write in obscure croatian dialects . 
  how 's it going in disneyland ? 
  got any immigration problems ? 
  neutral , truth telling media there 's a better chance of pigs flying . 
  so how many for croatia ? 
  why would leftist media be inherently more thruthfull ? 
  one can easily see from their biased reports of the immigrant crisis that they 're not . 
   we 'll feed them with pasta . 
  soros approves . 
  looks delicious . 
  great more refugees . 
  your companies do n't earn anything in ee ?
