  puns for high schoolers ? 
  implying we should sit at the kiddie table while you imprint your sage wisdom upon us . 
  you do n't find that offensive ? 
  you , by far the best pun . 
  calling names is pretty childish . 
  the sad part is we 'll somehow be blamed for it . 
  i can already see the english headlines . 
  racist croatians force refugees in minefields . 
  does n't make it less true . 
  they 're opinion is equally valid as your or mine . 
  / s no blindly following your masters orders is n't good for you . 
  there 's a lot of police along the border with serbia . 
  the local criminals are already smuggling immigrants , one of my cousins found some afghanis in his apple orchard . 
  the idiots built a fire in his van . 
  no to any forced quotas . 
  we have more than 300000 unemployed people here already we do n't need to import them . 
  have some bacon enrich yourself culturally i hear it 's good for you . 
  they are minefields yes but they 're clearly marked . 
  it would take a grade a idiot to enter one . 
  never again will we be defenseless . 
  because merkel exacerbated the issue with her blanket invitation for all the immigrants . 
  now we have to take care of immigrants we have no resources to do so . 
  you would be surprised with the amount of illegal weapons in croatia . 
  it 's not uncommon to find a arsenal in someone 's basement . 
  yeah our corrupt and useless government ca n't be arsed to do anything . 
  they just mumble in their chins and nod their heads like the master in washington tells them . 
  spineless cowards . 
  why should the hungarians have to pay for everything from their own pockets ? 
  do n't waste your time arguing with him , the `` refugees '' ca n't possibly riot or attack the police . 
  that would be absurd . 
  man imagine never eating bacon or a roasted piglet . 
  they do n't know what they 're missing . 
  wo n't be long before they outnumber croatians either . 
  say not my problem and cruelly laugh . 
  / s but seriously the number will only grow when other poor people see their chance for a better life . 
  you ca n't possibly be this ignorant can you ? 
  that has nothing to do with nationalism . 
  obviously there is a difference between serbian , bosnian and croatian languages . 
  they are very similar true , but they 're not the same language . 
  you should we suck at basketball . 
  people still say serbo-croatian ? 
  they did n't get the memo . 
  why does the last candidate only have one name . 
  i would vote for duda means pacifier in croatian . 
  you 're entitled to your opinion as is everyone else . 
  why is a non national identity better than a national one ? 
  do i count as a anti-semit if i do n't like anyone ? 
  70 percent positive attitude in croatia . 
  ha ha ha what a joke . 
  we do n't like croatians from other parts of our land let alone other europeans . 
  there 's a moral somewhere in this story . 
  throw it at gypsies pardon romani . 
  this police needs some better training , the old ex-yugoslav police would break this trash before lunch . 
  really sad to see . 
  what 's wrong with frog legs ? 
  it 's like chicken only better . 
  what goes around comes around . 
  only 25 % wow you 're good . 
  like only turks have dark hair , plus there 's no guarantee her children will have blonde hair . 
  i call bs on the article . 
  ha ha good one, 
  it gets -20 in croatia to, 
  that 's tolerable , there 's always rakija . 
  no civil war never had one despite people think you can just use the patented croatian 3 step program against foreign immigrants : step 1 elect the most useless corrupt politicians you can find step 2 debate about ww2 like it happened yesterday and it 's the most important issue of all time step 3 destroy the economy , any hope for a better future and accumulate state debt to epic proportions no foreign immigration ever guaranteed . 
  or you can just use the patented croatian 3 step program against foreign immigrants : step 1 elect the most useless corrupt politicians you can find step 2 debate about ww2 like it happened yesterday and it 's the most important issue of all time step 3 destroy the economy , any hope for a better future and accumulate state debt to epic proportions no foreign immigration ever guaranteed . 
  why though being a right winger is a legitimate political option ? 
  just send them to croatia , 2 weeks and they 'll be swimming back to africa . 
  you 're welcome . 
  new isil state incoming . 
  this is n't really up to snuff to real communist or american level of propaganda , this is the budget version . 
  nice pics though . 
  how cold does it get in finland during winter if i have to go there to fight ? 
  have n't spoken to five year old in a while , but i 'll do my best : 1 . 
  they do n't go to school not even mandatory 8 year primary school 2 . 
  they do n't work because they they have no education and they 're lazy 3 . 
  they do n't have any official documents id , passports or anything nobody really knows how many of them are out there 4 . 
  they have 10 + children which they ca n't support so the children beg , steal or pickpocket people 5 . 
  they leech of the social benefits and various other state help fonds 6 . 
  they often drive dangerous unregistered cars while underage and without driver 's licences , good luck getting them to pay for damages i could go on till judgement day but to make a long story short they 're gypsies . 
  we can only hope they oull their s -- t together . 
  to be fair all communists need enemies to function , or the brain dead people would start asking questions like why does the great leader live like a pharaoh while i wait for the heaven on earth . 
  must have been a short wife . 
  you forgot a classic https://youtu.be/ksgvwbvoq0e, 
  it 's svjetlost in croatian not svetlo . 
  no thank you . 
  they should copyright that if possible . 
  has a nice catch to it . 
  ramsey scored again . 
   i 'm just a layman and this part then you should n't interpret the law should you ? 
  1 min of googling [ criminal code , section 177 , paragraph 1 ] ( http://eige.europa.eu/gender-based-violence/regulatory-and-legal-framework/legal-definitions-in-the-eu/germany-sexual-assault-excl-rape ), 
  very wise words , but sometimes i just ca n't help myself . 
  your anecdotal evidence is surely superior to official police crime statistics . 
  nice generalization buddy . 
  let 's see if you get banned for `` racism '' . 
  yeah good luck enforcing this . 
  and \u010ca\u010di\u0107 get 's immortalized . 
  no secret wins . 
  ee deserves it . 
  best title today , 
  i 'm making a joke .
