  there were 2 women and 8 men if i recall correctly . 
  they sure have their priorities straight in belgium . 
  no he 's going back to turkey , i 'm speaking in general . 
  that 's the excuse we 're being given they are fleeing from death yet they go back when it 's boring . 
  either stupidity is rampant in syria or they 're lying . 
  yes but they 're fleeing unimaginable horrors in syria , sold of their possessions to fund the trip to europe . 
  then he see 's boredom and misery and says fuck it let 's go back . 
  makes no sense . 
  i 'm going to spend the day with my family some of whom i have n't seen in a long time . 
  and i 'm going to overdose on ma\u0111aricas , 
  yes he 's the worst . 
  highest national debt , highest unemployment , biggest bureaucratic useless party regime , lowest standard of living and etc. 
  but you continue living in your fantasy life . 
  edit : look at the little democrats and liberals downvoting without refuting my claims or arguments . 
  music to my ears . 
  no he was just useless and the worst pm we ever had , and that 's not an easy thing to be . 
  and for his supposed non corruption we 'll see . 
  pre-bankruptcy settlements , his brother 's loans on subsidised rates and etc. 
  cut 's off their head i assume . 
  maybe it get 's better after they kick radman . 
  i literally only watch hrt when dinamo or some other football match is airing . 
  index.hr is trash it 's only funny because of troll comments . 
  at least zoki crashed and burned , could n't happen to a better man . 
  the circus colorado continues . 
  in croatian : du\u017ean kao gr\u010dka - in debt like greece praviti se englezom - pretend to be english ( acting like you do n't see something or know what 's happening ) la\u017ee\u0161 kao srbin - lying like a serb rasturiti kao bugarsku skup\u0161tinu - destroy like the bulgarian parliament ( utterly destroy something ), 
  you 're just jealous that we can be polyglots with minimal effort . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  you have a pretty short memory if you 've already forgotten calling croatian , serbian and bosnian dialects of the same language . 
  do n't be silly croatians in bosnia pay taxes that finance the public tv . 
  they have a right to a public tv channel that emits its program in croatian it 's as simple as that . 
  yes you 're going to tell me which language i speak . 
  you should write to the eu it appears they do n't know that croatian does n't exist . 
  no they are n't , they 're very similar but not the same . 
  they have different vocabularies , tenses , accents and etc. 
  it 's just another form of oppression on croats by innocent , endangered muslims . 
  in short croatians wanted a national tv program on croatian language which got denied by muslims because it 's against their vital national interests . 
  then it got declared unconstitutional by the aforementioned judges . 
  just look at their turkey and brazil parades after croatia loses in football . 
  sad inferiority complexed little men . 
  bijlmermeer but it 's better now only 600 robberies annually . 
  yeah klitschko winning every time was getting boring , except that time against that loudmouth who then proceed to run in the ring . 
  i 'm fascinated that you 're still not banned here . 
  you 're the most obvious trol ever . 
  no we wo n't but every dead jihadist is one terrorist less in the world that 's always a good thing . 
  of course they can and they do , see various heretic and quasy `` christians '' . 
  keep telling yourself that , you 're going to start believe it after another 99 times . 
  what do croatian fascists/ultra nationalists have to do with you having bigger mistakes than expanding the eu ? 
  you 're losing yourself man . 
  give them guard status . 
  and paint their trailer and horse in camo pattern . 
  if it comforts you i voted against the eu . 
  and you made bigger mistakes just look at ww2 . 
  1st mechanized mongol division with 1 horse recon battalion, 
  do n't have to act too much , how many horses do you have ? 
  we can give you a 15 % cut for adding value to our attraction, 
  i 'm mocking your poor geography knowledge . 
  now i feel sorry i have to explain it to you . 
  your question has already been answered by our prime minister , we 'll close our border as well . 
  great wall of croatia has a nice ring to it . 
  another tourist attraction : 10 $ to take a picture , 50 $ guided tour with first hand testimony from builders who protected our great country . 
  i must have missed our annexation of slovenia . 
  you blink and it 's gone . 
  you must have run out of fuel . 
  because there 's no limit to compassion , warm feelings and good will in germany . 
  we 're very `` bad '' people and do n't wa n't to expose the immigrants to our `` backward '' influence in their quest to open german hearts and wallets . 
  no only the first schengen country they enter which is greece . 
  so nothing stops it thank you . 
  then send them to greece . 
  they did n't parachute in croatia . 
  we ca n't suspend dublin ? 
  like we care what they think please . 
  we wo n't be a hot spot period !, 
  if you can please explain your legendary logic i would appreciate it . 
  this has to be dumbest thing i read today . 
  critic of spineless leaders , eu and hague bs , communist relics and abandoned war heroes . 
  you can use this link for some info [ european commision ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/about/index_en.htm ) the eu parliament votes on the president who then picks the other 27 members of the commision . 
  [ tall tales ] ( https://youtu.be/qotjpluiv34 ) [ every dog has his day ] ( https://youtu.be/dpptzcgglik ) [ heroes today ] ( https://youtu.be/luuwexmdml0 ) [ lika rap ] ( https://youtu.be/gyvxaf59anu ) [ cattle ] ( https://youtu.be/s6s-ztsnsdi ), 
  in slovenia . 
  they did n't parachute into croatia , you can ask the greeks why they 're not registered we were n't born yesterday . 
  now merkel bots are calling us out unbelievable . 
  a colourful bunch for sure . 
  cuba is a long way from croatia . 
  they want to saddle us with all the refugees , while they take the moral high ground . 
  luckily our pm knows that accepting any proposal in which the refugees stay in croatia would be political suicide . 
  the last 2 books ruined it for me . 
  no video of our glorious prime minister ? 
  he probably has some new latin proverb to quote . 
  an improvement for sure . 
  let 's hope she does n't kick anybody in russia . 
  you could be spreading freedom instead . 
  he 's good . 
  has to clear his head , step up his defensive game and he 'll be okay . 
  i 'm a nets fan myself and it 's not looking good . 
  who 's excited for the start of the nba season ? 
  we 'll played good sir . 
  usa i believe but do n't quote me . 
  no i mean northern montenegro , he was complaining how they only get 2 % of government aid and that the rest goes to podgorica . 
  just today i watched a documentary on alpropaganda balkans about montenegro . 
  i ca n't remember the gentlemen 's name but he was pretty vocal about \u0110ukanovi\u0107 deliberately trying to destroy northern montenegro . 
  is there any truth in his allegations ?
