  they ca n't possibly be this naive can they ? 
  yeah this crisis has everyone at each others throats . 
  it grows if needed do n't worry . 
  you 're giving him too much credit . 
  he has no brain-to-mouth filter whatsoever . 
  truly a great victory , i still do n't believe it . 
  yes but you 're not in the eu and they can blackmail you indefinitely . 
  that would be cruel . 
  fight the power ( and statistics ) brother . 
  we 'll they 're gon na go away eventually . 
  and most of them are not refugees it 's not like they hide it . 
  in the off chance you 're not a troll , you realize that not everyone in europe thinks or shares your values right ? 
  they 're not less valid because you think so . 
  and we are at least polite . 
  have a nice day . 
  that 's nothing surprising coming from them . 
  the worse are know-it-all german pensioners who moved to croatia . 
  yeah that 's exactly what he was trying to say . 
  did he possibly have any croatian ancestry ? 
  this sounds like something they would say . 
  i 'm obviously not spanish , so if someone could enlighten me please : does catalunya have any legal way to proclaim it 's independence or is it based solely on a referendum ? 
  edit : wrong tense, 
  that 's the usa buddy . 
  wrong continent . 
  nice . 
  we 'll looks like that conscription is not going to be wasted time after all . 
  thanks have to visit some day . 
  it 's not too far from karlovac . 
  sorry mate , but croatia is many things and prosperous is n't one of them . 
  your not so bad . 
  give this man some gold . 
  i spent all my money supporting refugees . 
  beautiful country man . 
  which part of slovenia is this ? 
  yeah truer words can hardly be spoken . 
  wow they resort to threats and coercion . 
  what a surprise , and they call us backward and undemocratic . 
  wait before you get labeled as a anti-semit . 
  in the off chance that you 're not a troll : nobody has the right to attack the police because he 's frustrated . 
  send the bacon to me . 
  propaganda and a bad one at that . 
  they do n't care about their children . 
  now there saying that destroying the fence is legal . 
  who pays for these people ? 
  the logic of this news cast . 
  i had to mute them , i ca n't believe them . 
  they expect us to do that . 
  you 're welcome . 
  yes comparing your flooded bathroom with someone who lost everything she had is completely normal and appropriate . 
  china has no way to project their military power in europe . 
  who replaces them ? 
  they think we should be on our knees and thanking them for accepting us in the eu . 
  it 's not like their companies reap billions of $ in tax-free trade or anything . 
  yes currently their master is president obama . 
  the us is going to elect a new master for them next year . 
  because he 's a rational man . 
  what does the poverty of africans or south americans for that matter have to do with us . 
  how are we our own enemy ? 
  not even the usa ? 
  of course . 
  they even have an agency for it . 
  [ public-private partnership agency ] ( http://www.ajpp.hr/home-page.aspx ), 
  another open minded individual who needs some more education . 
  maybe you should lead a more interesting life ? 
  i can think of much more cuter things than this . 
  the mask of a liberal open minded individual . 
  when somebody disagrees with you you resort to insults and show your lack of common sense . 
  and for your information croatia was the victim of serbian aggression . 
  educate yourself good sir . 
  the masks fall down . 
  generalising are we ? 
  how liberal of you good sir . 
  and the british too [ food for thought ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgkmi1wv0ps ), 
  because even if all 72000 + pension are false it 's still less than the 500000 + soldiers . 
  how did you get a passing grade in math ? 
  there 's no democracy in saudi arabia . 
  when 's that intervention starting ? 
  only god knows and no politicians want to stir the hornets nest . 
  let 's hope not, 
  very easy to find if you want to . 
  i 'll save you the trouble 500000 + soldiers and 72000 + pensions . 
  not to the average west european . 
  that 's not even remotely true . 
  the border is easy to defend . 
  the problem is our politicians wo n't do anything without their masters approval . 
  you made your bed man now live with it . 
  how does immigration help if there 's already 300000 + unemployed people in croatia . 
  please explain how will it help our economic growth . 
  sad but true . 
  yes everyone know you just go to your local supermarket to buy some mines . 
  they taste excellent with some vegeta and olive oil . 
  they should award medals if you can become more corrupt than the croatian government . 
  they 're so good that if there 's 10 $ in the pot they can steal 15 . 
  yes we 're not responsible for fixing everyone 's problems . 
  we have more than enough of our own problems . 
  i do n't want to know . 
  because it 's very expensive and as silence said there are no blueprints of minefields . 
  the serbs are acting dumb `` we did n't plant them '' . 
  it 's projected all of croatia will be mine free by 2019 . 
  a combination of both .
