  1:14 - to end , reality . 
  you killed millions of fishes tho . 
  pewresearch is as anti-islam as it gets . 
  in reality only 30 percent of the women wear headscarf and majority of them are not ethnically turk . 
  it is probably about security , assuming ottoman caliph also banned it when people started using it in late 1800s . 
  i 'm not expert on quran but as far as i know burqa is not mentioned . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't know how the game works but if your country is called ottomans in 1000s or even before christ would n't that be stupid ? 
  the very name itself is not turkish or it may be transformed in time . 
  the question was ` who represents your country ' . 
   he is n't the best leader that 's debatable for any name although he is seen as the best for turkish society except for ' x conquered y land , he stronk ' type of people . 
  it says that the game starts from ancient times to modern day ( i guess ? ), 
  so ottomans should be replaced with turks and ataturk would be more fitting as the leader of the turks imo . 
  you 're confusing jannisaries with ordinary citizens . 
  at least you have the coolest fans in the event . 
   turks come from turkmenistan , and invaded anatolia around 1000 ac and only got to istanbul in 1453 . 
  they were greeks and armenian for several millenium before that ( over 2000 for the greeks , and it seams 4000 for armenians )  you need to get your history straight . 
  :d . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatolia that 's a fucked up logic . 
  so if celts or other ancient nations remove you from france in 2016 you would n't call it a genocide ? 
  the very name of the country comes from franks . .  also the usa did n't wipe the entire continent , the spanishs , the englishs and the frenchs did with the smallpox . 
  the american did wipe the indians on their territories tho . 
  it does n't change the fact that the event is one of the worst crimes against humanity . 
  such an absurd claim . 
  when the empire collapsed all nations were still there with preserved cultures and religions . 
  ottomans were one of the few if not the only multi-national and multi-religion empire out there and i do n't see any country having 50-50 percent christian and muslim population for centuries . 
  the monarchs called themselves protector of christian faith . 
  not to mention there is a reason why jews fled from europe to ottomans . 
  it is very simple to ignore the fact that millions of turks have been ` removed ' ( not genocide ) to create a muslim-free balkans . 
  just because we do n't build our idenitity on that event doesnt mean it did n't happen . 
  oh and i do n't see anyone bitching about why usa does n't recognize its own genocide neither aka wiping out the entire continent . 
  sorry about that . 
  i was just trying to show you that the chapters were frozen by france and cyprus . 
  i 'm aware that only a single chapter is completed but the rest is '' blocked '' . 
  do you think turkey is n't ready to jump in to eu because they are n't good at ` foreign , security & defence policy ' ? 
  :d . most eu countries would collapse like 2 years ago if they were to be in the place of turkey . 
  your country was one of the first ( if not the fist ) to aid the jihadist scumbags in syria to remove assad from power . 
  existence of ataturk probably . 
  he did a lot for this country . 
  inb4 it gets blocked by france or cyprus and people claim that turkey ` ca n't ' meet the criterias . 
  cnn says 10 people are in critical condition and as for the rest i do n't know what to say . 
  some survivors tell their stories and it is so fucked up . . the death toll could be hundreds if it wasnt for the men and women of the security forces who sacrificed themselves to save others . 
  umut sakaroglu ( the fist security officer to shoot at the suicide bomber ) died . 
  the police officer who shot the other sucidie bomber ( the one in the video which people think or hope he could run away to safety ) is also in critical condition . 
  dhkpc ( left wing , marxist ) and kurdish hezbollah but they are n't as violent as pkk and isis . 
  i do n't even remember when was the last time they carried any attack to be honest . 
  they can avoid it when they want . 
  whenever a bomb explodes there are police squads every 50 meters . 
  after 1-2 months they disappear and after 3-4 months an another bomb explodes . 
  2015-2016 in a nutshell . 
  i do n't think there is any openly isis supporter who is n't in jail for life . 
  trt was saying it is most likely isis from the very beggining . 
  i 'm pretty sure isis would attack western turkey if a left wing party was in power too . 
  definitely isis . 
  the guy says ` he is probably yelling allah akbar and stuff ' . 
  deputy pm just confirmed that 10 people died . 
  :( edit : governor just said 28 people died . 
  edit2 : there were possibly 7 terrorists . 
  the civil police suspected that one terrorist wearing jacket ( 30 degrees hot in here ) , so the terrorist figured it out that he has been exposed therefore started shooting at the polices with ak-47 . 
  there has been clashes in between civil police and the terrorists . 
  at that moment they started to blow themselves up ( 3 of them ) . 
  this is where the most people died . 
  one terrorist shot down before he could act and an another captured alive . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it was all davutoglu ( mustache guy ) , i think . . he was fm and then pm when all this shit happened . 
  now that he is gone , we are becoming normal again . 
  yes all of them . 
  the word \u00fczg\u00fcn\u00fcm is translated as both i 'm sorry and i 'm saddened in turkish so pro-akp channels use it as ` erdogan says he is saddened over the killed pilot . 
  some people even say that he did n't apologize and he is just sad because a person died . 
  pipeline is a major factor in this conflict . 
  it makes perfect sense for russia to back assad regime and bomb the opposition which would later become pro-west puppet state . 
  those turkmen rebels were usefull idiots for qatar pipeline and once turkey gives up on qatar 's energy line , there is no more use of jihadists in syria . 
  the fight in syria has nothing to do with ideology . 
  til byzantine was muslim . 
  ` but it 's in wales ' hahahahah . 
  sure go ahead . 
  we are getting rusty around here . 
  celebi - seyehatname is very good at describing the ottoman society . 
  there has to be translated version for english i think . 
  there is no decent army to fight in europe tho . 
  it would be a cripple fight . 
  oh , now i understand . 
  you mean we 'd be in eu if keep continue like we did in the past couple of decades ? 
  yeah i 'm not very optimistic because erdogan was pretty cool back then . 
  he got weird in last 2-3 years . 
  when eastern countries joined but turkey left out it was pretty obvious that eu is a christian union . 
  yes ? 
  erdogan is in charge for 14 years , we applied for eu since the beggining . 
  not really . 
  erdogan was n't in charge of turkey for the last 50 years and turkey was always one of the first nations ( if not the first ) to adopt the progressive laws , policies and rights for the last 200 years . 
  for example you could n't divorce in ireland 20 years ago while lgbt community could attend to the parades in istanbul at 1600s . 
  many eu members still never had any female president etc. 
  i could go on for hours but this platform is known for judging a nation by headlines like ' a random turkish citizen done this ' so their perspective will never change . 
  time to avoid this sub for a week . 
  the real money comes from shopping and everyone in the sector gets their share , including the government via taxes . 
  source : my dad has a tourism agency . 
  usa must have stole the psychic dominator from yuri . 
  makes sense . . 
  it 's only natural but its not as bad as you think . 
  5 tourists out of 40 million died so far . 
  you 'd be fine if you avoid istanbul . 
  your argument was geography but nvm .
