   work with the us and turkey to stop the war in syria by removing assad regime . 
  i though this means invasion . 
  are u suggesting usa and turkey should publish articles about how bad is assad behaving or something like that to remove him from power ? 
  even if turkey and usa crash syria there would be more casualities ( lets say 300-400 ) than the fight with pkk in 10 years . 
  the only reasonable solution would be building refugee cities in northern syria and securing it untill the war is over but usa and eu opposed this plan . 
  the thing is every armed group in syria has multiple enemies and major players back different groups . 
  russia backs assad regime , usa backs rebels and kurds , europe and turkey hate them all but isis is highest target for europe and pkk is highest target for turkey . 
  which group will be in charge of syria when assad is gone ? 
  also why should turkish and american soliders die for the future of syria and europe ? 
  he is probably a taxi driver , let him be . 
  j/k . 
  i just though its ironic since he banned facebook and twitter bunch a couple of times . 
  tho i do n't think he bought followers . . do n't get fooled by the turkish redditors here , he has a huge conservative fan/voter base but they do n't really exist outside of the turkish public sphere . 
  assholes . 
  instead of attacking uber offices and protesting the governments maybe they should just increase the quality of their services and stop trying to screw tourists . 
  wait , china did n't build the wall because they were scared of us ? 
  my whole life was a lie . 
  the glorious eastern thrace republic would be the 11th biggest country in the europe or 14th biggest if u split istanbul and canakkale in half and exclude anatolian sides . 
  on a serious note that would probably cause rest of the turkey to collapse since istanbul alone has a gdp of 332 bn . 
  can finally annex western europe !!!, 
  attila is a turkik name and some people say huns were turkik tribe and stuff like that but i have no clue if its true or not . 
  indeed , its very sad but noone forced them to leave . 
   my relatives said there are too many refugees on instabul , that they are actually starving there and for some reason they are not willing to traverse the greek/bulgarian or the greek/fyrom borders go to in the middle europe like everyone else officals say there are 300k refugees in istanbul and they make up % 2 of the istanbul 's population . 
  they are not starving to death tho government , organisations , people help refugees find job , healtcare , free education and other stuff and there are also refugee camps hosting nearly half of the refugees . 
  its the best turkey could do without damaging its economy which is why we need europe 's help . 
  the whole syrian-civil war policy of eu was beyond retarded . 
  they should have help turkey build refugee cities in syria but instead they supported kurds take over arab cities and called turkey is supporting isis . 
  now they are bitching about refugees are invading europe and expect turks to do what ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
   i see turkey disallowing people to move to north greece just so they can abuse their relationship with germany and demand money so they keep the refugees at bay . 
  that is incorrect , as i mentioned above refugees are draining our economy . 
  turkey would be more than happy to hand over all the refugees to germany . 
  if refugees are n't happy with the turkish government they can always go back to syria , turkey has no legal responsiblity to take care of syrians or have anything to do with wars in the middle eastern countries . 
  we did n't even help usa and uk when they invaded iraq except hosting some soliders food and drink at incirlik nato base . 
  tldr : turkey is n't playing any game and just offered to build a refugee city and still did n't deport refugees after getting trashed by the international community . 
  turkey has every right to deport the refugees to syria and europe and noone has a say about this . 
  its actually a very long debate if its top-down or not and it involves old literatures ( such as seyahatname ) about lifestyle of people in ottoman empire . 
  its not like one day ataturk came up with ` hey guys lets screw up every tradition we have and abandon your burqas and wear mini skirts instead ' . 
  there were already feminism movements and lgbt rights in the culture anyway . 
  for fucks sake more than half of our caliphates were heavy drinkers and banged lots of chicks and boys and they did n't even hide their actions . 
  there are poetries about praising wine etc. 
  so these kind of stuff were ready to blow up . 
  other than that turks have absolutely no clue about islam . 
  they just burry their heads in the sand when u talk about offensive parts of islam or say its a miss-translation even tho only 8 percent of the turkish population ever read the quran . . and definitely noone promotes having four wives , jihad on infidels , telling woman what to do/wear etc. 
  well its not a crazy idea since minimum salary is equal to 433 euro in turkey . 
  most popular turkish isp company and its prices : 24 mbps = 76 $ 35 mbps = 93 $ 50 mbps = 120 $ 100 mbps = 166 $ 1000 mbps = 370 $ i will download the shit out everything which exists if i ever get to romania . 
  i do n't think we export doner but feel free to do it ** if you can ** 8 ) . 
  thats incorrect , you ca n't put people on the army and definitely ca n't buy the high rank generals . 
  its just things are not as it is on the media . 
  more than half of the country hate akp government but things are not even comparable to 60s , 70s , 80s or even 90s . 
  those were the years when shit hit the fan over and over again . 
  nah its in the past , we are ok with georgia for a long time . 
  its true but i want turkey to join eu for social and cultural reasons since turks tend to change their characteristics drastically over time by being surrounded and heavly influenced by european , asian and muslim civilizations . 
  i probably ca n't explain it without a wall of text tho but its definitely not the same case with norway or switzerland . 
  remaining 12 milion people in istanbul are the turks . 
  its ok , call w/e you like to . 
  we used to call constantinople , seven hills , istanbul etc. 
  i think putin was right about eu following usa 's instructions blindly . 
  usa does n't suffer any refuge crisis or anything related with syrian civil war . 
  eu should have supported turkey . 
  right now everyone is unhappy . 
  europe suffers security/intergration issues . 
  usa is not happy because opposition groups failed and syria is back in russia 's lap . 
  turkey is not happy with having 3 million refugees and not having influence over any syrian region . 
  how dare you call atheist to devout pastafarians !? 
  may the meatballs stick in your throat and cause you to hurt your throat for a good five minutes !, 
  he was probably the most pro-eu president we ever had during 2003-2008 . he was in complete yes-sir !, 
  mode and was highly motivated to join the eu . 
  ffs he even had a pro-lgbt speech in early 2000s as a conservative party leader but eu made that very clear that turkey wo n't be going in so erdogan had to look for allies and countries to influence in the middle east which is turkey 's backyard but there was a huge issue that demographics and culture of middle east is highly different than europe . 
  when he told egypt to adopt secularism he was basically told to fuck off by everyone in the muslim countries so he had to change his speech like islam is so good omg stuff . 
  i think u missunderstood me . 
  istanbul is a safer road but not faster , i was n't being sarcastic . 
  i do n't think refugees will burn down europe and thinking erdogan aims to burn or even harm europe is beyond stupid . 
  we hate the guy but you guys are portaying him as if he is saddam husein or something lol . 
  turkish security forces are homogeneous and highly advanced . 
  army will definitely not divide in any case . 
  there will be no turkish civil war since highest chance of having civil war was arround 70s when leftists and conservativists started to kill each other daily and even that did n't turn into a civil war . 
  what happens today is just laughable compared to past . 
  other than that there is a possible turkish-kurdish civil war but its kinda obvious that 99 percent of the kurds will not risk their lives for pkk to gain power over a mountain or two hence why there are nearly 3 million kurds in istanbul . 
  its obviously safer , no doubt but i was refering to faster part . 
  it takes 2 hours to reach to istanbul from edirne ( greek border ) and it takes more than 3 hours to pass through istanbul on a regular day . 
  it sometimes takes 2 hours to go to home from the school or work in same district . 
  national holidays are utterly nightmare . . half of the people in istanbul empties the city and then tries to comeback when holiday is over . 
  that and u may have a new ally if russia declares war on georgia again . 
   why do refugees have to travel from greek island when they can go directly from constantinople faster and safer ? 
  have you ever been in that city ? 
  thats just crazy , u guys are working so hard to make me defend erdogan . 
  just hand it over from the islands . . at night . . they wont see us !, 
  that % 3 u make fun of would be the 10th biggest country in europe . 
  u are emberassing yourself with fundemental islamist bullshit , clearly u do n't know anything about turkish culture , thinking albania is more progressive and stuff lol . 
  no , it makes sense . 
  what does religion have anything to do with continent ? 
  and do u think christianity born in europe or was the dominant religion all the time ? 
  tho thats the general point of view of europeans sadly . 
  thinking as if there is any geographical or cultural differences in between agean cities of turkey and greece . 
  expanding to cyprus , georgia and armania but passing anatolia and at the same time thinking saudi arabia and china belong to the same continent . 
  nice work . 
  ca n't really blame them but these politics about refugees are beyond stupid . 
  should have just build a refugee city or two in northern syria and secure them or at least let turkey do it instead of supporting kurdish tribes taking over arab cities . 
  it caused so much trouble for europe its pretty much on the news everyday and i have no clue whats so horrible about this plan .
