  thats what ypg is trying to achieve in syria . 
  that 's very much true for pro-government newspapers but the opposition is n't too bad i think . 
  hurriyet for example is better than most european media channels . 
  i have no clue but as far as i know she graduated from a turkish college . 
  i ca n't remember when it was or who she was argueing with but a complete whore from central anatolia was argueing with that romanian girl with lots of spelling errors ( actually anatolian accent ) so she said i did n't even know a single turkish word when i first came to this country while you were born and raised here and still ca n't spell it or something like that . 
  at this moment my nationalist mom started to support that romanian girl even tho she was n't actually turk but culturally more turkish than the other ones . 
   she did n't said it when they were arguing ? 
  she said it but in another episode :d . you made me realize i actually watched this thing , fml . 
  i have n't watched it back then but i think those two girls who make fun of the brown girl were hitting on a guy but the guy rejected them and said he is interested with that brown girl . 
  he is some sort of macho/though guy but he told that girl ` i 'm like lion to everyone but a cat against you ' which is a fucking retarded thing to say ( no getting lost in translation it is stupid in turkish aswell ) so those two made fun of her with that quote and probably jelaous aswell so they started to make fun of everything about her . 
  including the way she dresses so they dressed like her to mockery . 
   and what they said until she ( edit : the blonde girl ) said she did n't knew a single word . . etc ? 
  i 'm pretty sure she moved to turkey few years ago , not during the reality show . 
   we have kanald ( in romanian ) here too and two shows like the one you put here . 
  i 'd apologize on behalf of turkey to spread this shit but i think they like it . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oejundouc_g the blonde girl ( romanian ) said she did n't even know a single turkish word when she first came to the country and yes she does speak better than half of the others in the room . 
  disclaimer : do n't watch it for more than 5 minutes . 
  it is insanely stupid and addictive . 
  he claims that christians are n't equal to muslims but he does n't mention what rights do christians lack in turkey . 
   the halki seminary for greek orthodox theological education was closed in 1971 - and despite certain promises , it has n't been reopened . 
  because they refused to join the ministry of national education . 
  turkish state controls any schools even if they are religious schools . 
  this is not a discrimination and a good way to control the religion . 
  i mean you do n't ever see a turkish imam calls to murder atheists or infidels or other hundreds of fucked up shit coming from islam because they are simply not allowed to talk ( even if its in the quran itself ) about the topics other than the speech given by government . 
  you ca n't tell that people are muslim or christian when you see them in the church . 
  muslims do n't pray differently in churches . 
  the namaz is a different rituel and you do n't do namaz ( or w/e its called in english ) in a church . 
  turkey is by far the best ally kurdistan regional government ever had . 
  they are nearly a puppet state for turkey because of the huge investments by turkish companies and stuff . 
  they even embargoed rojova to not harm the relations with turkey . 
  ypg is syrian branch of pkk . 
  they are brother/sister organization under the kck umbrella . 
  nevertheless ypg leader was invited to the turkey and promised to get aided in syria if they part ways with pkk . 
  idk around 200-300k or something . 
  majority of them are living in the western part of the country with secular neighborhoods so most of them does n't even practice at all even tho there are hundreds of active churches . 
  in fact i 'm pretty sure there are more muslims in churches than christians in turkey . 
  eh , you ca n't expect turkish fm to say thanks germany for recognizing armenian genocide . 
  he is like ` let me look like i defend turkish interest but we 're cool as long as you do n't put me in this kind of situations again ' . 
   one of them talk better than me in both our local languages its the same case with romanians in turkey and note that every other eastern european who was n't born in turkey always use r agresively . 
  i mean they sound like rrren geyigi , instead of ren geyigi ( reindeer ) . 
  i just heard this guy speaking on the radio ( acutally news break ) when i was driving back home . 
  he said it depends on the attitude or behavior ( ca n't remember the exact word ) of germany . 
  i 'm like 100 percent sure he did n't request german parliament to change the desicion . 
  i thought my point was clear that as ` allies ' we should n't support the terror groups which carry terror attack on innocent civilians . 
  i 'm not supporting isis but you are supporting pkk . 
  would you like it if the turks here supported isis ? 
  i hope this time you understand since this is the most clear way i can explain in a foreign language . 
  right because we were best alllies with ypg . 
  armed groups carry terror attacks from syrian soil . 
  i thought ` we ' were allies . 
  your comment is equal to me saying after coalition strikes on isis ; ` why does europe have the right to intervene in syria and start killing our allies ? ', 
  it is n't that important . 
  russia does n't even build that much naval power to match turkey on the black sea . 
  majority of their fleet is in other regions . 
  i 'd say they do n't want to lose turkish market or even the country itself after they already put sanctions on russia . 
  that news confirmed to be fake along with attacking alevi neighborhoods . 
  i thought we were talking about turkey . 
  if we are looking for past the worst crimes of humanity belongs the nations that live in the european continent . 
  i 'm pretty sure u can find articles about how wasp are mistreated in the usa aswell . 
  this is just plain bullshit . 
  christians live a priviliged life in western part of the country . 
  source : my ass . 
  such as ? 
   nothing would happen . 
   how many terrorist attacks have been carried out by christians in turkey though ? 
  i ca n't even imagine the reaction if this happened in turkey to a christian person . 
  i think he does n't want to deal with elitist scumfuck bastards to have a nice weekend in the northern cyprus since we still need visa for eu countries . 
  he could pull a putin or something tho . 
  put a complete clown to the main opposition and control it and then say see we have a democracy . 
  that 's good but i hope the northern forests do n't get raped . 
  we are bitching about it for the last 2-3 years . 
  in fact erdogan even told usa , you are either with pkk or turkey . 
  not sure why this post gets downvoted . 
  the modern equipments are n't in the south eastern part because there is simply no armed group or country to be able to invade turkey there ( blow the highways and there will be simply no way for tanks to go through the mountains ) . 
  the opposition always did but you do n't hear anything from us in the western media . 
  he probably thinks turkey is like russia where lgbt propoganda is illegal . 
  whatever , it 's all global conspiracy to hold turkey back . 
  1v1 us irl . 
  apachi selim sends his regards . 
  do n't be ridicilious % 4000 is enough . 
  gib back . 
   so ... whom would replace erdogan ? 
  or you can learn how to punch someone in the face . 
  i would n't be surpised , since the government taxes the shit out everything . 
  they take arround 200k $ tax from a 100k $ priced car so you pay 300k $ in total . 
  istanbul is the only western city akp invests on actually . 
  rest of the western cities are chp majority . 
  meanwhile there are only 41 electric cars on the list out of 300.000 in the biggest turkish online shopping platform . 
   from my experience it is sooo much worse among turks and arabs . 
  could you please provide your experiences in detail ? 
  i 've some openly lgbt friends and people ( including devout muslims ) are too afraid to offend them . 
  if a random person dies , the chances of the news channels reporting it is like 5-10 percent but if a lgbt person gets murdered/raped eveyrone lose their shit about how turkey is the worst country for lgbt community and stuff . 
  now i do understand that why the publicsphare is presenting this news like that . . to get more awareness , that 's cool and understandable but it kind of pisses me off when some random person from a different country comes up with the same shit . 
  it creates awareness for the inside but ruins the image for the outside . 
  and yes , i do study pr btw . 
   i do now know what news is seen as false from a turkish point of view . 
  eh , pretty much all of them including this sexual abuse laws . 
  yeah tell him or her . . suck on that sweden !, 
  denying the capital punishment also prooves that turkey does n't want to break relations with the eu . 
  from an outsiders perspective , yes .
