  doesnt really sound funny when you translate . 
  like this one : ` first i laughed and then i hit the downvote ' . 
  akp also made zero laws based on islam or quran . 
  they always talk about islam is peacefull and nice religion and all but when it comes to the action its kinda unfair to call them islamists . 
  no but we can share it . 
  ohh yeah the good old ' a senior offical ' or ` an isis commander ' . 
  til fuat avni ( an unknown turkish twitter account ) and his tweets are evidence rofl . 
  i hate erdogan as much as the next guy but there is no ` evidence ' that turkey supports isis . 
  x claimed that , y suspected something , z told washington post this . 
  how the fuck are these stuff can be called as evidence ? 
  turkish nationalists tell that they will protest russian prostitutes and would go for turkish ones ** for a week ** . 
  only 20 ? 
  lol . 
  oh i mean the western countries as a whole . 
  of course half or even more than half of the finland population would go mad just as turkish people did . 
  eg ; most turks complain about possible rise on gas price and fall of tourism industry after this incident . 
  oh btw its probably not the same thing aswell , since there is a war zone in our 1200km border and there has been some isis , pkk , regime , fsa attacks to turkey . 
  i also assume you didnt shoot down a russian spy drone a month ago aswell . 
  thats actually true , we got mostly old stuff for aa . 
  tho roketsan made our own aa missiles but i have no clue how good they are . 
  for those who is curious about why did turkey turn into more conservative country . 
  this is a great example . 
  pretty much everyone was against russian foreign policy and bashed them every time they could but when its come to the turks i was shocked . 
  let not kid ourselves and be honest for a minute . 
  everyone would cheer and said it was about time if usa , uk or finland shoot down russian plane when they constantly warned russia over a month and said they would shoot it down . 
  when it comes to the turks : was only 17 seconds omg how stupid are you . 
  when it comes to the other western countries : wow they have great response time , russians shoudda listen the warnings . 
  are u seriously comparing turkish government not going too hard on smugglers and russian foreign policy ? 
  why do u ignore the simple fact that russians are intentionally spying on turkish border and show off ? 
  please stop with the ` could have been ' ` what if ' questions . 
  i 'd say u are right if turkey shoot down russian airplane at first mistake . 
  they constantly violate our airspace and even send a drone to record the area and it got shoot down a month ago or two . 
  how will they distinguish the turkish jets from the usa jets . 
  would russia shoot down us jets ? 
  only 4 percent of turkish women wears burqa . 
  not at all , i was about to shoot a video about it . 
  agreed . 
  there are like 10-15 different armed groups of people or countries in our 2 neighbors and all of them fights with each other . 
  what can possibly go wrong if you ignore the missiles or jets on your radar ? 
  from the day one . 
  they are officaly and directly supporting assad regime which kiled 20x people than the whole terrorists combined in the middle east . 
  we are spending billions of dolars for the 3 million refugees in turkey . 
  we cant send them back , we cant send them to the europe . 
  the only possible solution is to create a refugee city in northern syria and secure its borders . 
  or option 2 : change the demographics of syria and let kurds conquer the northern syria for greater kurdistan with access to the mediterian sea which will definitely lead turkey into war no matter who sticks to this plan . 
  option 3 : russia helps assad to restore its oppresive regime . 
  assad is as bad as terrorists and russia offically and directly supports his regime . 
  at least usa and turkey cancel their programs when their so called moderate rebels stop being moderate and become extremist . 
  could u explain how turkey does n't have a democracy ? 
  what does this information have anything to do with shooting down an unidentifed plane which happens to violate your border ? 
  they are all weapons of destruction . 
  which group is allied to the erdogan ? 
  how many islamic laws did erdogan made in 13 years ? 
  you wouldnt be too optimistic if your country had a border to the middle east and global powers tried to change demographics of your neighbor countries . 
  oh my god . 
  why are so many people trying to make pointless arguments about this self-defence incident . 
  it takes less than 30 minutes for a fighter jet to reach out to the capital of turkey . 
  there is and always has been a war in turkey 's borders , its no crazy thing to warn an unidentifed plane and shoot it down when he ignores it . 
  they indeed are islamists terrorists but thats irrevelant . 
  russia has violated turkish airspace several times in the past 3-4 weeks . 
  they have been warned , summoned the ambassador and stuff . 
  they are not saving fuel or anything lmao , they are spying on us and measuring our response time . 
  russia is not fighting terrorist so u can be safe or anything . 
  he wants to restore the syria and have bases and ports to the mediterian sea . 
  assad family probably killed x10 more people than all terror organizastions combined in the middle east . 
  oh btw fyi we only supply the turkmen miniorities in that area and russia is bombing them instead of isis . 
  aegean dispute is actually explained in the todays thread . 
  turk-greek relations started to change after 90s and there is no possible threat to each other . 
  russia on the otherhand is a complete bully and aims to become a global power . 
  ca n't believe propoganda with absoultely zero evidence actually works in 2015 . russian su24 and its path . 
  http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/cpsprodpb/06ee/production/_86847710_4244121f-6f25-419b-a113-d94603724eeb.jpg syrian civil-war map . 
  its a fucking jet . 
  not to mention they are usually heavly loaded with missiles . 
  its no mistake or anything russia does this all the time to pretty much all countries . 
  they have been warned multiple times in past 3-4 weeks and this time they were warned again multiple times not to invade turkish border . 
  you are horribly wrong the ones who joined isis as u mention ` joined isis ' . 
  they didnt unite or anything , in fact they clash daily . 
  i 'm not saying there is big difference in between modarete rebels and isis . 
  they are all jihadist lunatics in my point of view . 
  they are simply tools to destabilize the region as nato wants to prevent russia from having ports to the mediterian sea . 
   whether it 's on purpose or not does n't help much . 
  when you bomb a town , civilians definitely are going to die . 
  we do not bomb cities , just the pkk camps . 
  check combatfootage or liveleak security forces dont even shoot confirmed terrorists till they detect the terrorists with a gun . 
  its getting boring . 
  turkey supports rebels not isis . 
  turkey does not kill kurdish civilians , not on purpose . 
  in fact our closest ally in the middle east is kurdistan regional government and israel ( not after akp and erdogan for obvious reasons . 
  tho its just a show for elections , these 2 countries still cooperates together and share massive intel ) . 
  as far as i know a turkish f16 was shot down by accident in 90s . 
  its a dangerious game but there arent much casualities . 
  i for example remember only this one incident ( tho there should be more ) . 
  i do feel sorry for the pilots who died and if i had a magical stick i would revive them if i could . 
  i wish they landed on turkish land so we could send them back to the russia . 
  about the 15 seconds thing , russia always violates other countries airspace and everyone knows that its not a mistake , they simply measure reaction time and gather intel about the borders . 
  since russia , china and iran starting to became very close allies its obvious that they will form an alternative nato in the close future . 
  russia wants to restore syria under the assad regime and remove all the opposition and turkey wants an arab regional goverment or some sort of even united syria under the high influence of turkey like kurdistan regional government which is why turkey and israel wants syria to be destabilized . 
  so there is the conflict in between turkey and russia if these 2 countries fight over syria none of them would benefit . 
  turkey high likely would lose the battle and damages its economy and russia wins the battle but still damages its economy . 
  i wonder how will they solve this conflict .
