  we tried tear-gas , water cannons , warnig shots ( there were even reports about turkish security forces shoting with plastic bullets on some refugees ) . . nothing stopped them so far and we just had to accept them and change the law about refugees and said everything is under control , of course we will help these poor people who fled from dictator assad . 
  possiby same shit will happen to you aswell . 
  like most online turkish platforms heavily anti-erdogan and anti islam . 
  you did n't see pro-erdogan troll army yet . 
  they are mostly on turkish platforms and twitter . 
  turkish redditors are pretty ok compared to them . 
  whats wrong with that ? 
  lets say u have a hospital that robots do all the work . 
  u do n't pay salaries to your employees since you replaced most of them with robots . 
  so you profit way more than you did before and you can afford to pay more taxes which will be spend on pensioners . 
  unemployment rate also could be unaffected with some sort of automation quota , based on the decline of your worker population . 
  why not ? 
  it worked great untill we decided to involve and i wonder what did turkey benefit from involving in syria ? 
  if anything we got 3 million refugees who drain our economy . 
  we now have shitty relations with everyone . 
  even north korea hates us lol . 
  well , that 's a progress . 
  they do but its not about that . 
  some countries will have serious decline on their worker age population in near future so some people came up with the idea to replace them with machines and robots . 
  it makes sense tho you can program these robots to do anything . 
  they even operate in surgical and they do better job than doctors . . oh and also for free . 
  you do n't really have to pay salaries to robots . 
  i declare , there is no such thing as russian jet . 
  its because they would avoid harsh politics and we would be focusing more on business , education and tech . 
  we would n't get involved in anything related with middle east as kilicdaroglu talked about this thousand times therefore turkey would accept less than 100 refugees who happens to be super rich . 
  also turkey would gladly offer safe passage to europe if european administrations like to have refugees . 
  as pro-eu as it gets , chp never hesitated to say fuck off to europe and shut down usa bases when they pushed us arround . 
  oh and also ecevit was a very polite and humble man yet he still invaded the cyprus even after threatened by the pentagon . 
  that 10 billion only includes the refugee camps . 
  even spending less than 1000 euro ** per refugee in a year ** would make up to 3.5 billion euro each year . 
  thousands of people spend that amount of money at one night and its nearly to equal to avarage housing rent with 3 bedrooms in istanbul . 
  so i 'm sure as hell these numbers are just bullshit , probably to prevent a public outrage . 
  i could argue how religious japans were before the world war 2 but i do n't want to offend anyone by comparing religions . 
  also the same case applies to europe aswell with all the influence of catholic church , religion wars , inquisitions , crusades etc. 
  but i get your point overall as i can see most of the democratic countries are in the west while nearly all the authoriterian regimes are in the east except the countries which are heavly influenced by western countries . 
  thats partly true . 
  i 'd rather erdogan over bahceli or demirtas . 
  however the main opposition party is pretty cool , whats wrong with them ? 
  i believe its safe to say that there is a huge gap in between western europe and eastern europe when it comes to enlightenment and secularism . 
  also why are they called european values anyway ? 
  do you think japanese , korean etc. 
  values are more european than most if not all european countries ? 
   which do you think would hold more european/eu values , though ? 
  what are they ? 
  i 'm curious about this because i study pr and we learn all the cultural differences ( u know all those chronemics , haptics , vocalics etc. 
  crap ) and smilarities in between countries and i just fail to see how spain is related to the lets say poland or estonia in terms of ` european ' values . 
  in fact i do n't even need to compare countries , people in different cities in a same country live in a whole a lot different worlds . 
  i might have a very wrong perspective on this issue but i would like to know what are the european values that each european nation agrees on in practice and i appreciate if you do n't come up with constitutions of these nations . 
  since you can read saddam husein 's constitution and all the laws and stuff and say wow this guy is so tolerant towards miniorities but in reality he fucking gassed thousands of people . 
   it 's not like there 's a real movement to carve yourselves off and declare independence . 
  yeah i was just kidding , of course we will not separate . 
  it was a meme after some kurds declared independence on a street or two . 
  istanbul is a progressive city and hosted the biggest lgbt-parade in the southern europe but the other cities in thrace and agean cost are definitely more progressive than istanbul . 
  as for anatolian part , yeah its pretty shitty and boring but its not as bad as u think , at least not worse than middle east or eastern europe . 
  i 've been living in istanbul for 25 years and never seen anything like that ? 
  do you remember what was the name of the district u 've been in ? 
  greeks would be miniority in greece if they take istanbul . 
  i 'd be okay with it btw , i already suggested this couple of months ago . 
  i just hope i live long enough to see kurds being majority in 3-4 cities in europe . 
  they claim to be an aryan race ( lmao ) and i can already see them claiming stuttgart to be their own territory 5000 years ago but they never established a state before because they have been constantly oppressed by everyone in the world . 
  true , thats what turkey failed to understand . 
  they should have make their relations more visible with the kurdish government in iraq ( which is nearly a puppet state of turkey and usa ) . 
  they now realized that and started to openly support an independent kurdish state and who cares about what iraq has to say ? 
  as turkey upgraded their f 16s with the help of israel , i 'm sure russia upgraded their old planes aswell but i was reffering to russia will send their ` real fighters ' . 
  turkey can close the stairs if russia threatens to attack turkey according to that treaty and threating to nuke turkey would be an apocalyptic scenario . 
  usa did n't send those 70 nuclear warheads to incirlik for scaring the failed states in the middle east . 
  they do n't have many of those tho . 
  russia built up less than 100 fighter jets after ussr era and we know next to nothing about how good or bad they are . 
  but they do fight in turkish soil and its called pkk . 
  a week ago or two turkish security forces found an american drone in a pkk cell . 
  i would like to state that i do not agree with the guy who you are argueing with , because turkey is definitely not stronger than russia , at least in a full-scale war . 
  however turkish army is indeed more advanced than russian army and definitely will be more usefull than any other european army in an apocalyptic ww3 scenario . 
  french and british military units are high likely better equiped than turkish ones but their size are very small and turkey tries to do the same with keeping numbers high . 
  like germany and uk has 400 ( leopard for germany , challanger for uk ) tanks while turkey has 800 leopard tanks , 930 m60 tanks and 3000 m48 tanks but they are getting replaced with the new main battle tank called altay . 
  germany has 169 fighter jets and uk has 91 fighter jets while turkey has 283 fighter jets . 
  as for naval power turkey is nearly stronger than both uk and germany combined however turkish naval force does n't have an aircraft carrier yet and says they ca n't build up their own before 2020 or something like that . 
  german propaganda vs putinbot troll army . 
  there will be blood . 
  turkey was the only country to continue with geographic restrictions ( only europe ) after 1967 protocol . 
  that link i gave you is called ` offical newspaper ' which publishes only laws , regulations etc. 
   so many of the refugees in turkey have n't actually been provided asylum officially , would that be correct ? 
  not exactly correct , its a bit complicated . 
  we should n't be taking any but there were some exceptions such as kurds who fled from saddam gassing them . 
  you can read this if you want to know whats up with asylum policy of turkey . 
  ` may ' , ` conditional ' , ` temporary ' . 
  the syrian refugees did n't start to come after 2014 , they were already coming here before this new law . 
  so it was indeed illegeal to take them . 
  not to mention your link forgets to say turkey takes these refugees ** till they are settled in an another country . 
  ** its in article 62 . http://www.resmigazete.gov.tr/eskiler/2013/04/20130411-2.htm this link is the offical newspaper of the turkish government to publish the laws and regulations . 
  i did n't make these laws oh my god , go downvote the turkish government . 
  turkey signed geneva refugee convention ( 1951 ) to take refugees only from the countries which are members of the european council . 
  in fact its illegeal to take refugees from other countries according to our laws . 
  we are only taking refugees out of good will not because we got any obligations and there is no blackmail on this matter . 
  3 billion will not avail turkey when we spend 500 million on refugees per month . 
  definitely cizre/sur . 
  always used to be very poor and unsafe part of the country and this is how it looks in 2016 sadly ; http://imgur.com/a/mvrny, 
  how do you create a city in side a city ? 
  do you think turkey has empty lands that nobody lives ? 
  if you mean refugee camps , we already got lots of refugee camps . 
  https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=turkey+refugee+camps&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewidt5_gtotkahwmfywkhbrhd_8q_auibygb&amp;biw=1252&amp;bih=604 of course turkey will stop ypg conquering arab cities .
