  as for syria , iraq and iran who cares about them anyway . 
  this one fits very well for the refugee issue in between eu and turkey . 
  i send 100 bucks to anyone who can translate this to english or any other language . 
  every country bellow turkey is a sexist shithole and every country above turkey is extreme feminist . 
  * clicks on the link and see turkey is the worst after sk * , shit !, 
  2v8 not fair . 
  he did a great job during 2002-2007 era and made some reforms which no conservative would even in europe . 
  would u be shocked if i say erdogan even supported lgbt rights in early 2000s ? 
  he really did try to join the eu but the moment when bulgaria , romania , poland etc. 
  got in but turkey left out , everything was pretty clear at that moment . 
  erdogan just had to look for allies in other countries because being a good guy never attracts eu and promoting secularism in middle eastern countries did n't work ; just watch the erdogan 's speech about how egpyt should adopt secularism and see how arabs reacted to it . 
  he just had to change his approach . 
  tldr : he does n't hold as much power as u think and the moment opposition parties form a coalition his budget will be 1 euro per month  . 
  brexit is like one of those books or arts which people think its super complex and cool but it was actually written by a complete retard and people make opposite conclusions . 
  less than 70 years ago we witnessed the worst crimes of human history and all that shit happened in the european continent . 
  other than that i wonder how long would your country survive or at least remain liberal when it borders syria , iraq and iran . 
  come at me bro . 
  no not really , kurds want to annex those lands and link the cantons . 
  btw turkey already proposed billion time to create the refugee cities in the isis-held area and never suggested to invade the kurdish lands . 
  all regions have completely different theme , in fact they are as different as black and white but if there is one thing in common , cats are literally in every single corner of turkey . 
  as far as i remember turkish citizens who own pets in their home spend nearly half billion a year . 
  i 'm afraid we humans will be miniority in the future and they will take over the turkish government and then rest of the world . 
  https://twitter.com/serochp this little fellow already took over the main opposition party and often spends his time on the party leader 's chair and worse yet he even attends to debates . 
  we war . 
  come now , not all muslims are like this . 
  maybe . . as long as they do n't violate their childrens ' basic and constitutional rights . 
  this applies to pretty much all the global cities , no need to be upset about it . 
  not sure about the ugliest ( ^ maybe ^ trump ^ towers ) but this one has definitely the most retarded design . 
  you should definitely try koreans . 
  like : english in usa ( except southern accent ) and uk . 
  french is ok aswell . 
  dislike : german and russian honorable mention : turkish . 
  not saying this because im turkish but i really think that turkish is a lovely language but nevertheless its an irrelevant language due to no colonies and all other turkik countries are poor and post-soviet states so its a little bit underrated imo . 
  you forgot to add feminist , vegan and pro-lgbt . 
  this one is n't so bad but i 'm not sure if they added subtitles to the all episodes . 
  that bridge looks like as if golden gate and bosphorus bridges had a baby . 
  i already typed the exact same thing but i just ca n't feel sorry for them after what they did to innocent people . 
  are we sure that the first one is not from gondor ? 
  some background : these are the same scumbags who helped erdogan to rise in power and they were in bed with erdogan for more than 10 years . 
  its a religious cult and they are way more conservative than erdogan 's party . 
  the head of this organisation is called fetullah gulen and he had plans to return turkey with islamic revolution but he could n't really find any people to support his ideas so this cult organisation had to put their guys on important places in the government , courts , media , police force etc. 
  in fact when the relations gone ill with erdogan and his party , erdogan 's party ( akp ) lost only % 0.5 of their total votes . 
  while i support preveting these very small miniority islamist cult members trying to take over important posistions of the turkish state , i still think that they should be able to run their own priviate media channels . 
  its their basic right but u see i ca n't really feel sorry for them because these guys are responsible for all the jailed turkish military officers and more than half of the journalists who were completely innocent . 
  now that the military officers and journalists are released , they are the ones who in jail now with the orders of their former partners in crime ( erdogan 's party ) . 
  ironic . . if you ask me . 
  edit : i forgot to mention that they are not the biggest newspaper at all . 
  they print the news and distribute for free to spread their agenda and intentions which i mentioned above . 
  less than 5 years ago these guys were the number one enemies of the modern turkish republic and said how we should swap to islamic state and have sharia law . 
  now they publish articles about how they were wrong about secularism and democracy and they even officaly apologized for it . 
  i 'd hardly call it a cencorship except that one time thing . 
  i think they are doing a great job to prevent this sub from becoming r/european where people discuss how muslims are genetically inferior . 
  isis is so great for the countries to push their agenda . 
  we will do that and do this and also we 'll be fighting isis at the same time . 
  i wonder if we actually paid for it . 
  those are kebabs who wait to be removed . 
  would immediately surrender . 
  could you replace turkish one with this . 
  it has bigger resolution and it does n't bleed your eye . 
  that sounds awkward . 
  time to play that was ~ ~ glorious ~ ~ ~ ~ turkish ~ ~ ~ ~ empire ~ ~ damn ottomans card . 
  ` attack helicopters and helicopters ' , ` fighter aircrafts and attack aircrafts ' etc. 
  are not excluded from each other , its just poorly designed . 
  they should have make it like ; x total = 100 a = 50 b = 30 c = 20, 
  sorry , i thought you were refering to turkey since the comments above you were about eu membership of the turkey , i got a little bit confused . 
  i completely agree with you btw . 
  pretty much equal ( except land forces ) but people often forget that because of the economic issues of greece . 
  other than that there is zero chance for an another war . 
  in fact there would be civil wars in both countries before that happening . 
  my god . 
  no you see some people think that we got pro-erdogan redditors in this sub for comments like this . 
  you are taking it too far . 
  how is that even gon na work anyway ? 
  pretty sure everyone despised with the middle east . 
  nationalists for backstab in the ww1 and also being ` nationalist ' , muslims for bad image , secular ones for eww sharia and stuff . 
  ^ sorry , ^ ca n't ^ risk ^ being ^ fined . 
  suing someone for insulting you is one thing but you really should n't be a president if you ca n't take it . 
  your policies will surely anger some people no matter how good they are . 
  turkey would be the only country with that law in the eu ? 
  not to mention this law was n't enforced for like 6-7 decades untill arround late 2000s and turkey already applied for membership decades ago . 
  lame excuse if you ask me . 
  you get fined for insulting the president , if you ca n't afford it you go to jail . 
  its like 1k euros max , i have n't seen anyone who could n't afford it . 
  its k , we blame the damn russkis anyway . 
  why do n't you people open kebab stands and coffee shops in there ? 
  does not compute . 
  if only she could kill more police officers , communism would be back . 
  he has the majority in the parliament but not the votes . 
  you know that d'hondt system and stuff . 
  less than half * . 
  can you provide any link ? 
  only a single comment would be more than enough to convince me . 
   `` when we rescue those people , what we agreed with turkey at a ministerial level , we agreed that if those people came from turkey then we can return them to turkey , '' jens stoltenberg , the nato secretary general , told the european parliament in brussels on tuesday . 
  offical statements do n't matter on this sub . 
  we will believe to an anonymous diplomat who said turkey had no interest in this . 
  i do n't think right wing is being defined by opposing an armed group which love to take selfies with dead bodies , do suicide bombings , use children for battles , do ethnic cleanesing , killing off-duty police officers in front of their families , executing its own members for having sex and many other horrible things . 
  russia is getting more and more christianist country day by day under the christianist dictator putin . 
  i 'm so worried , oh my allah . . 
  i remember him telling how he loved a kurdish girl but her family did n't allowed them to get together because brothers of the kurdish girl were pkk members or something lol . 
  erdogan and pkk .
