  but the country is so fucked up , nothing amazes me anymore . 
  this is an islamic cult for example ( you need to have at least 20 plastic surgery operations to be able to join ) ; https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=adnan+hoca+kedicikler&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiul_mx5s3oahxglxokhvllbjcq_auiccgb, 
  well yeah but how many of that type of people have you seen out compared to tens of million people ? 
  this is not a thing in turkey . 
  i mean i 've seen some fucked up stuff like bikini plus headscarf and a single photo on the internet with burqas but thats like 1/10 .000.000 . 
  fair points . 
  i would like to add that turkey would n't change her direction if we joined eu several decades ago . 
  so far so good . 
  there has been no mention about presidental system after the coup . 
  capital punishment talks will be ending soon . 
  chp the main opposition was always against it and now akp started to push their views against it aswell . 
  we still do n't trust erdogan and his party but they suddenly became good guys , many people are still in shock . 
  yesterday the chp leader and a minister attended to an event and the akp minister complimented him in front of the crowd and acknowledged some of the akp 's mistakes . 
  i definitely think that akp and chp together restore the secular and liberal democracy in no time but i still do n't trust erdogan . 
  did they ? 
  as far as i know cumhuriyet still distributes charlie hebdo . 
  no that newspaper ( cumhuriyet ) is still active . 
  yes it is . 
  it is not an islamic law . 
  you can deny and claim islam to be completely false or lie . 
  insults against anyone or any group are punishable by short term jail sentences or fines therefore this applies to religions aswell . 
  also in practice . 
  what islamic law did erdogan add in the last 15 years ? 
  in fact we had only one islamic law before erdogan . 
  if you were married and then cheated on your wife/husband you could get jailed or fined but akp removed this law . 
  we have zero islamic law right now . 
  hey , that 's offensive . 
  it used to be in the 90s ( for the kids ) . 
  now i would n't wear it for a day even if you paid me thousand euros . 
  technically speaking the guy who found this organisation said we have no islamic cause . 
  the organization split in two i guess and the ones in europe are probably alperens ( religios ones ) . 
  it is a combination of british , italian , french , persian , arabic and greek architecture . 
  how can you even say that ? 
  you 're probably talking about the random towers which ruins the istanbul 's view . 
   turks accusing europe for racism like their race even matters . 
  that 's racist :d .  still , a convicted sadistic pedophile fled sweden to turkey and was caught there a while ago . 
  hey , was that the guy who offered to legalize child porn ? 
  no , i think that was a swedish politician . . oops , sorry . 
   after turkish president recep erdogan 's meeting with russian president vladimir putin in st petersburg , ankara says the next administration in ** syria should be inclusive and secular ** so that everyone can live with their beliefs . 
  this is as close as turkey has ever come to accept that assad has a legitimate role to play . 
  haha , something happened to this guy after the coup attempt . 
  no pasha means general . 
  a lieutenant is also a commander . 
  montenegro ? 
  it is not a thing for turkey , we allied with sunnis , shias , catholics , protestans and orthodoxes for centuries . 
  as for iran they allowed turkish dynasties to rule the iran for a milennium and they do n't have many friends atm . 
  this is incorrect . 
  turkey and greece were the first two countries to join the nato ` after ' the organization has been founded . 
  in 10-20 years we probably wo n't have to buy anything from the usa ( or any other country ) , including 5th generation jets . 
  we would if turkey was in the eu . 
  u/thebaris is right . 
  we did n't even call ourselves muslim country back then but when erdogan became prime minister , eu literally licked his ass and western media published articles about how turkey is a democratic ` muslim ' society which all muslim countries should look up to . 
  in this process all the secular officers have been dismissed from important posistions and not a single negative view came up from the west . 
  now that he is removing islamist scumbags from the government and even replacing them with secularists back , west started to call him dictator . 
  weird . . 
   turkey can not defend itself against russia without nato . 
  i would n't be so sure about this . 
  the army is relatively modern ( unlike soviet-era junks of russia ) and the defence companies are coming up with really cool stuff for the last 2 decades . 
  eastern front would be hell of a fight , assuming it has certain geographical advantages . 
  serbia actually saved ottoman empire from complete destruction in 1400s . 
  many turkish and tatar soliders betrayed ottoman empire and allied with timur during the battle but serbs stayed loyal and fought back for the beyazid . 
  not to mention turkey had no ruler for 11 years after this battle and balkans could easily declare independence while endless civil wars take place in anatolia . 
  it is literally pkk . 
  when you cross the border and wear a ypg badge , you do n't automatically become a different person . 
  because of our eastern border . 
  we already did and the island got split in two . 
  now both presidents are working to unite . 
  what armed conflict do you foresee in this situation ? 
  i do n't see any violence happening in cyprus from now on wheter they unify or keep serperated . 
  same goes for greece and turkey , we exchanged population 100 years ago , no significant miniority in both countries . 
  there is no batshit crazy christian power tho , pretty much all of them are secular countries . 
  as for islam we got only 3-5 countries that are secular and the rest of the islamic countries are living in 1500s . 
  therefore christian majority countries do n't need no state control but we definitely do . 
  seriously ? 
  what are we going to do , invade greece ? 
  what do they all have in common ? 
  that sounds exactly like pro-erdogan minnions . 
  some newspapers had the exact opposite headlines in less than 24 hours for israel , gulen , usa , russia and lastly even the turkish opposition . 
  correct . 
  it does n't stop people from doing it tho . 
  we even gained a new saying ; ` bilale anlat\u0131r gibi anlat ' which means eli 'm bilal . 
  only in taksim square . 
  lgbt parades happened in multiple cities . 
  what does racism has anything to do with lgbt ? 
  fyi ; more than 100k people attend to lgbt parades every year in turkey not 80 people . 
  aswell ? 
  akp is purging itself not the opposition hence why you do n't see anyone complaining about this event . 
  no need for it . 
  akp is in fight with gulen for 2-3 years . 
  the opposition hated gulen for decades . 
  middle east/north africa was colonized and turks settled in balkans/anatolia . 
  you 're both right . 
  her accent sucks tho . 
  this ' a haber ' is one of the worst media channels in turkey , of course she believes it . 
  erdogan actually called terrorists to the uygur turks when he visited china lol . 
  ironically akp is becoming kemalist atm . 
  they are probably trying to get the support of opposition tho . 
  i like dani rodrick and follow him for long time but turkey can not be became like any other muslim country . 
  it is demographically impossible . 
  you 'd probably figure this out after having a trip only for a week or two .
