  would you oppose the membership of the turkey 's bordering countries greece and bulgaria if turkey did n't reform itself in the 1800s ? 
  or worse , such as becoming a typical middle eastern country ? 
   poverty rate again we are richer than most of those low population eastern european countries and when kurds secede , the statistics such as gdp per capita will be drastically increased . 
   germans want to prove to the world they are n't evil nazis anymore i think they already prooved that by not acting the way you want . 
  i was n't really serious , i just tried to find out why did he come up with 1-3 percent :d .  yeah , but it would be more convenient not having to apply for the visa in the first place , right ? 
  and that would be beneficial for all the 10 milion people traveling to europe . 
  correct . 
  as i already stated it depends on the reason . 
  if you say something like they have an authoritarian administration , they have bad freedom of press index , they suck etc. 
  you would be just a normal person . 
  but if your only reason would be ' i do n't like the turkish race ' , then yeah you are probably an xenophobic . 
  except you ca n't deport people to turkey unless they are turkish citizens and there are nearly no turkish refugees . 
  '' ok i did the math '' less than 10 percent of the people who want to travel europe get rejected . 
  we have like 10 million people who travels europe each year and let 's say 800k people got rejected so they are the one percent . 
  even if the numbers of turkish tourists are doubled after visa-free they would be the 2 percent . 
  i 'm assuming europeans are not racists nor zealots and they just do n't like the way turkish state is getting run . 
  it 's only natural , majority of the turkish people also do n't think turkey fits in the union with erdogan administration anyway but that does n't mean ` we have erdogan so i do n't want to join the eu anymore ' . 
  got ta give it to you tho , it would be a fair question if relations in between nations ran by school kids or people from online platforms who suggest to gun down foreign people . 
  i think pretty much everyone wants to be in the eu . 
  what can possibly go wrong for turkish citizens ? 
  it 's probably more than symbol . 
  the city alone would be the 15th biggest economy of europe . 
  no u. 
  is this irony ? 
  the number of journalists , politicians , opinnion leaders etc. 
  who got shot in the last 10 years is probably less than a single day in 90s . 
  our prime minister got shot , an imam who left islam and became atheist got shot , most famous journalist ( ugur mumcu ) have been killed and thousands more and that was okay for the state . 
  remember this quote ? 
  indeed but france and cyprus freeze the chapters and if we joined to the eu like 3-4 decades ago we would n't have erdogan in the first place . 
  this us vs them policy is the best way to drive turkey out of european union . 
  '' they do n't see us as one of them '' is a great arguments for likes of erdogan . 
  i mean just look at the movies for example . 
  directors and writers come to this country and see the way we live but they still portray us as something we are n't . 
  turkish women wear headscarf or even burqa , all of us are bunch a couple of assholes , brown muslim country etc. . for fucks sake every turkish tourist is called ` you do n't look turkish ' in european cities , it has become a cliche . 
  you get my point right . . the blame is not solely on turkey . 
  firstly turkey was always against refugees , this is something forced by eu for decades . 
  when saddam gassed kurds we did n't want them to come our country neither . 
  in both cases eu forced turkey to do so . . not to mention europe was all like ` refugees welcome ' 2 years ago . 
  we changed laws to accept refugees ( they 're still called temporary refugees ) because of getting closer ties with eu . 
  other than that i do n't think you can stop refugees by closing borders or building big walls especially when they got carpet bombed or gassed hours ago . 
  we took somewhere arround 200k-500k kurdish refugees in 90s even tho both government and people were racist towards kurds . 
   also the eu is n't asking for erdogan to not punish terrorists , the eu is asking for erdogan to let all the journalists and academics that have been arrested unfairly , many being accused of terrorism falsely . 
  ca n't argue with that , you 're right . 
  i totally respect your opinnion but i wonder what would you want from portugal administration if 3 million refugees came to your country from let 's say morocco ? 
  would you want your government to hold them with all the resources , times and manpower ? 
  and in return get threated like shit from the rest of europe ? 
  edit : i forgot to add that in the mean time you get suicide bombers in your country and eu tells you to go easy on terrorists or else we kick you out . 
  by the way take this money ( which is less ammount than what you actually spend each year ) to look after refugees . 
  oh and lastly you get called * enemy * by other european redditors for not dealing with this shit good enough . 
  artemis alive turkey 2016 . apollo arrows guided by zeus . 
  that 's smart . 
  what the fuck ? 
  where did you hear this ? 
  ysk may only cancel elections for re-elections . 
  if ysk decides to do this all of the members of parliament from let 's say sinop are out of parliament for new elections . 
  even if in your case ( which is beyond impossible and retarded ) , akp would already have a single mp from sinop . 
  2nd party would always win the next candidate unless akp gets % 60.1 of the total votes while chp has to get less than % 30 percent of the votes . 
   step 3 : reelections for 1-2 parliament members in the eastern provinces     step 4 : win those elections because the absolute majority takes it all when the election is for 1 member only in an electoral zone . 
  50.1 % is enough , and you bet your ass the parliament members persecuted will just happen to be from cities where akp has at least 50.1 % . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i have never heard about this before . . can you eli5 ? 
  a supporter of single-party dictatorship in rojava lectures me about democracy :d . akp will still need 49 members of parliament to change the constitution or 13 mp 's to call for referandum . 
  your party is so irrelevant on this matter . 
  if i get the chance to choose it , i would pick osmanoglu and start to claim some palaces . . or even the whole country . 
  your new monarch and the state will be atheist and liberal as fuck . 
  son of david . 
  they had wayyy more members of parliament back then . 
  cats = miyav dogs = hav hav birds = cik cik cows = m\u00f6\u00f6 sheeps = mee sneakes = t\u0131sss ducks = vak vak of course we do see people film their pets or animals who say allah to proove atheists wrong sometimes . 
  i was already talking about referandum . 
  they do n't have enough numbers to call for referendum . 
  you need somewhere arround 70 percent of the total members of parliament to change the constitution without asking anyone ( which is impossible ) . 
  i still wonder how will they change the constitution when they do n't have enough members of parliament . 
  who will come to help ? 
  main opposition ( democrats & liberals ) ? 
  nationalists ( who have been insulted by erdogan multiple times ) ? 
  or pkk 's political wing ? 
  * no my lord aragorn we are alone . 
  * its a political suicide for any opposition party to support this . 
  funny mustache guy might have resigned for absolutely no reason . 
  atlantic ;d, 
  we did support them and some of us actually voted for hdp . 
  once they got in the parliament the first thing they said was ` we got here all by ourselves the turks in western cities had little to no impact ' . 
  they visited the funerals of suiciide bombers who mass killed innocent civilians . 
  the only decent political party other than chp is ldp in my opinnion . 
  i do n't give a shit about others but arresting hdp leaders or even members or voters is a horrible call . 
  the original argument is coming from the banner '' every yes vote is a pray to seyh said '' . 
  it caused a massive public outrage and akp dismissed the banner and the ones who prepeared it . 
  out of nowhere this guy came and defended the banner rofl even tho his party is supposed to be voting no in the upcoming referandum . 
  whats the argument here ? 
  you do n't know shit about turkish politics and when your baseless claims proved to be wrong you started to assault turkish redditors . 
  i thought we were n't brainless tabloid journalism consumers here so i critisized turks , brexiters comments . 
  my bad . 
  fyi , i do n't hate kurds , i hope they get serperated from turkey and make their own country , i simply dont care . 
   you went from `` most kurds voted akp '' you better read all my posts again or there is no point of argueing . 
  i never used the term most but instead i said ` half ' and that is not a claim but a fact . 
  se region has a population of 8 million people while total kurdish population is estimated to be more than 15 million ( some even claim 20 million ) . 
  istanbul alone has 2 million kurds for example . 
  not to mention you are only talking about the last general elections where akp started to become nationalist and bombed the shit out of eastern part of the country and he still got 30-40 percent of the total votes in some kurdish majority cities . 
   keep spreading your bullshit propaganda . 
  does n't change anything about the image the pkk kurds ( far majority of kurds ) have , mainly because of their critical role against isis and their well-known secularism .
