  may be start there for converting us to orthodox . 
  diyanet declared that 7 percent of the turkish population are atheists . 
  is n't that like an offical data assuming it is a ministry . 
  yeah sure as long as you get to return crimea to the turkik people and america to the natives while you 're at it . 
  you just made an enemy for life norway . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kangal_dog i think we export these to africa or something . 
   wearing hijab was n't mandatory ( at least until recently ) it is not mandatory in anywhere , who told you that ? 
  it was just the other way around . 
  they did n't let the female students to wear it in universities , and i think there are still some places you ca n't wear it . 
  this is actually a highly offensive comment as if conservative people are intolerant and violent or some shit . 
  i do not agree with this yet on a second thought i would definitely be okay with my girlfirend wearing anything in chp majority districts while i would be very uncomfortable in akp majority districts ( even beyoglu ) . 
  he might be right . . he is probably right but idk , it sounds wrong . 
  on top of that , they do n't even pay bills on the south east lmao . 
  ps : this is not a racist thing . 
  well it sounds that way but it is also statistically correct . 
  i 'd say the whole agean cost ( not only izmir ) is more liberal than istanbul but not because of this lol . 
  that city has more population than your country and norway ( or finland ) combined . 
  of course there are criminals like this . 
  it 's shame on everyone on that bus for not knocking that scumfuck down . 
  pff amateurs . 
  where do you think the word morgul is coming from ? 
  so which county or countries make up the arnor ? 
  they were sure as hell more important than shitty rohan or even gondor . 
  that movie is horrible . 
  you might also enjoy this dramatic way of breaking plastic cup . 
  no , it 's just high quality effects that look almost real . 
  well i was n't a big fan but it was aired right before pokemon in the same channel , so i was watching it while waiting for pokemon . 
  i just wish 70s yesilcam ( turkish cinema ) was more popular around the world . 
  you guys have no clue what you 're missing . 
  well , we grew up watching rosalinda , it 's their turn now . 
  no sex in it . 
  except ottomans executed a saudi leader who said music was haram . 
  and before execution they forced him to listen music lol . 
  it is something to do with currency . 
  there is n't much difference when you look at purchasing power parity ( 25k vs 20k ) . 
  gdp per capita is a good measurment but not perfect . 
  we wo n't be actually x2 richer when kurds in the south east decide to secede for example . 
  about 1453 ? 
  muhtesem yuzyil was okay tho . 
  at least it does n't show christians as evil or ottomans good . 
  there are good and bad guys from both sides and their characteristics may change due to power/money/love etc. 
  noob jannisaries get carried by rumeli sipahis all the time . 
  whenever right flank falls ( just like in this case ) we lose the game . 
  red bully *, 
  members of this party actually attended to the funerals of suicide bombers but still it does n't feel like democratic . 
  there should be new elections for those districts . 
  til . 
  well played . 
  pretty much true except that one event ( war of the last alliance ) ; `` all living things were divided in that day , and some of every kind , even of beasts and birds , were found in either host , save the elves only . 
  they alone were undivided and followed gil-galad . 
  of the dwarves few fought upon either side , but the kindred of durin of moria fought against sauron . '', 
  i think there were some dark/evil numenoreans ( they were white ) and some kinslaying by elves but overall you are correct . 
  no , removing kebab does n't count as genocide . 
  inb4 '' i thought turkey is a desert . '', 
  inb4 tourism dies in france . 
  that book is funny and stuff but it has good points . 
  sauron had no problems with men for example , untill they teamed up with elves . 
  capitalist pig-dog elves should n't have steal his way of making rings . 
  i mean do you deny the fact that people of rohan are racist towards dunlendings ? 
  what about the numenor blood bullshit . . thats nazi-level stuff right there . 
  edit : what 's the difference in between magic rings and soft power in modern times ? 
   when nationalism was inserted at that point we already lost balkans and greece . 
  i 'm glad we lost me/na region . 
  that and polenezkoy . 
  he probably does n't even know there were other turkik states in europe before ottomans . 
  what are you talking about , the jannisaries were shia aswell . 
  i would recommend you reading seyehatname to see how religious the ottoman society is . 
  now , i know that noone will read anything about it other than wikipedia therefore i 'd like to add few things . 
  jannisaries were indeed christian enslaved boys to protect the the monarchs . 
  sipahis were the most powerfull ottoman military units and only ethnically turkik people could be sipahi . 
  therefore being slave has nothing to do with religion but ethnicity . 
  an ottoman khan or sultan would n't be able to claim a christian turk 's child . 
  still fucked up but i guess you get my point ( nothing to do with religion ) . 
  other than that people used to drink alcohol . 
  in fact it was so common that they accidently burned istanbul once and everyone was so drunk noone could stop the fire at the first day . 
  lgbt always attended to the parades and they were well respected . 
  pretty much every ottoman vilayet was 50 percent muslim / 50 percent non-muslim . 
  ottomans saved thousands of jews who fled from europe . 
  some of the khans/sultans called themselves as protector of christian faith . 
  what you guys are doing is anachronism right now . 
  ottomans were n't that bad . 
  its weird that i defend them in here but always discredit them in turkish platforms . 
   most were non-muslims , because ** it was not permissible to enslave a muslim ** . 
  these gulenist cult members were bunch a couple of braindead religious retards . 
  most of them did n't even earn those posistions and the actual qualified people stayed out of the picture because of them . 
  in my defence , that organization jailed innocent people from secular groups . 
  that and erdogan 's party is losing power and voterbase with these purges so win-win for me . 
  because turkey does n't let us do it . 
  they want us to stay poor and dependent on turkey . 
  btw do n't forget to send billions of dolars as this years aid . 
  sincerely yours , best cyprus . 
  i understand your point but dogan group is the only serious opposition media outlet in turkey . 
  fox , cnn , kanald are the only tv-channels where akp gets crashed and burned in debates and news . 
  not to mention these channels always get most ratings unlike halktv for example . 
  that city is the main source of beautiful girls . 
  no deal . 
  oh come on , why would we claim your islands even if nato breaks up ? 
  no cats 2/10 . 
  i ca n't say that you 're wrong but at the same time the area in between kurdish majority lands are arab/turkmen majority . 
  should we also invade caucasus and connect turkey with other turkik countries ?
