  oh btw turkey didnt kill russian pilots , rebels ( or terrorists ) killed them . 
  before typing ` fk turkey ' or ` greece does the same all time comments ' u guys should ask to greek or turkish airforce officers if they are upset about it . 
  they are simply doing this for training and staying in shape . 
  how is it possible that not a single pilot loses his nerve and shoot down turkish or greek plane over decades ? 
  and the very next day u can expect turkey to hand over all the nato intels , researches , plans , prototypes , secrets , projecets into the hands of russia & china & iran squad . 
  help syria and iraq to restore instead of trying to destabilize it and let them have giant bases and ports all over the turkey , remove 70 u.s nuclear warheads from its soil and in this case eastern block would be huge and probably as strong as nato . 
  why would obama ever let this happen just becasue turkish air forces shoot down a russian jet which happens to violate their airspace ? 
  not to mention obama is not the one and only ruler or owner of nato . 
  every country has the right to defend themselves noone would ever say ` hey , excuse me kind sir . . can i please defend my country ? ' . 
  and last of all , the very freaking reason nato was found to defend western countries from soviets , not to be bullied by them . 
  i just didnt want to discriminate the girls pov lol . 
  that thing ( a turkish spy would pass the border and attack turkey as if he was syrian ) was suggested by the head chief of mit ( turkish version of cia ) tho the tapes were leaked so they couldnt stick with their dark plan . 
  not to mention the turkish army was unwilling to invade the syria so it was never gon na happen anyway . 
  u could directly say turkish-greek wars anyway . 
  its in the past , we live in a different world now . 
  it was probably something like . 
  taf : bro u are heading towards turkish airspace . 
  raf : no lol . 
  taf : change your rotation raf : aight chill and russian plane finally enters turkish airspace and then locked . 
  you are right but its not like we will ever fight with the greeks . 
  i for one would rather be jailed than fighting with greece . 
  im sure many turks and greeks would feel the same way . 
  tho my keyboard is ready for the ` which foods origin belongs to the turkey or greece ? ', 
  war . 
  probably yes . 
  syria shoot down an old turkish f4 a year ago or two and the main arguments were ; 1 . ), 
  wtf are we doing there ? 
  why are f4s are still in service ? 
  yeah russia apologized afterwards . 
  russia did violate turkish airspace 2-3 times and it has been tolerated couple of weeks ago . 
  no good looking russian girls and boys in antalya ? 
  thats worse than war !, 
  49 percent in a really unfair election . 
  phew . . thats a relief . 
  i hope these two countries can get along in one way or another . 
  war is really ugly . 
  what are the chances of going into war because of this ? 
  of course . 
  you would see the real extremist groups in 1960-2000 with all those massacres , assasinations etc. 
  terror organisations are indeed extreme , i just wanted to point out they are not as extreme as the ones in syria and iraq and i definitely dont think there is any extreme nationalist group in turkey , since throwing egg is nothing comparable to pushing a group of people to the hotel and then burn it . 
  grey wolves used to be a very dark organisation in the past but its reformed . 
  all they do is now drinking tea and coffee on their places . 
  not to mention this organisation had 2 different ideologic groups in the past . 
  they had islamists in the past acting like as if they were nationalists aswell and mostly islamist wing was the violent one . 
  u dont hear anything at all about dhkpc neither . 
  as for pkk , it indeed is a terrorist and scary organisation if you are in the south eastern part of turkey . 
  they also used to be more extreme in the past . 
  tho many people would disagree i dont think its something extremely hard to pull a paris attack 2.0 in istanbul . 
  they dont behead turkish soliders neither , most of the time they release them . 
  there is no extreme group in turkey . 
  even the terror organisations shouldnt be considered on the same level with other terorirsts in syria and iraq . 
  i think its hilarious and all but u should think twice before condeming the parliament ban . 
  even on some muslim countries people would flee if someone yells allahu akbar . 
  if christians or any other religious groups start to blow themselves up and use their religious phrase while doing it and someone makes a joke about it and doesnt get the same treatment with this guy , then yeah muslims or islam faith would be discriminated . 
  pretty much . 
  all the landlocked countries except for eu members are pretty poor . 
  not to mention they would be hated by turkey , syria , iraq and iran . 
  it 's actually somewhere arround 90 percent . 
  hdp , probably the most proggresive and modern political party ever existed in history of the kurds still have deputies who openly wants sharia law . 
  as people mentioned 500 times ypg is a syrian branch of pkk and northern syria as a whole is not a kurdish land except for bunch a couple of small cities . 
  they are ethnically cleaning syria and plan to do so untill they hit the mediterian sea so they wouldnt be the most isolated country ever existed . 
  what would u think if turkey invaded syria and claim the cities which turkmens are the majority ? 
  they do . 
  syria isnt even a kurdish land anyway i would understand if they tried to establish a country in nortern iraq , south east of turkey and northwest of iran . 
  turkish armed forces stopped 600 people from the ` uncontroled border ' just yesterday . 
  as far as i remember the total number of denying isis suspects entrance was arround 2k in like 9 months or something . 
  i think turkey was way worse back then . 
  at least we dont see any massacres , fights or assasinations for critisizing islam . 
  no big deal . . europe just needs to keep an eye on 40 million people or 30 million if u dont count turkey and russia . 
  very smart and non-offensive statement by slovakian pm . 
  they already took over main opposition party . 
  https://twitter.com/serochp he even appeared on a political debate on cnn turk lol . 
  yes . 
  turkish government doesnt want to supply ypg to fight with isis because ypg is syrian branch of pkk . 
  even tho ypg never attacked turkey we are still unsure if these weapons will turn against turkish security forces and citizens when isis is done . 
  do we have any source about who is responsible for this ? 
  i 'm assuming its high likely either isis or al-qaeda . 
  rip to all the innocent people who passed away and my condolences to their families and the loved ones . 
  why not both ? 
   requests like `` porn '' and `` sex '' yield `` thou shalt not commit adultery '' text . 
  inb4 vatican does the same with the exception of pedophile content . 
  u cant define good economy or bad economy based on value of your currency . 
  the main issues of turkish economy are balance of trade and economic inequality . 
  in order to improve your exporting you may need to reduce the value of your currency . 
  i mean 1 dolar is equal to 6 chinese yuan . 
  by your logic china must have horrible economy . 
  do i think turkish lira will rise again ? 
  probably not . 
  we need to export more goods and services to foreign countries . 
  in order to do so we ca n't rise the current value of our currency . 
  i mean of course we can increase it to like 1 dolar = 10 liras but it would be extremely dumb move if we do n't want to kill our trade . 
  why do i think they are good at economics ? 
  no more inflation issue . 
  our gdp is 8 times bigger and they doubled the gdp per capita . 
  public debt is lower . 
  budget balance is ok . 
  brb getting rich . 
  what if they buy trampolines and jump over it ? 
  we 'll be alright i guess . 
  akp is pretty good at economics and i believe in globalization will cause the people all over the world to unite their cultures and change their values for good .
