i 'm afraid this will lead to self-censorship . 
  true but i cant really blame them . 
  all other muslims get culture shock when they come to turkey and say how the fk is this a muslim country ? 
  and they are kinda right , its not really a muslim country but a secular one with majority identifying themselves as muslim but dont follow/do any practice/rituals of islam . 
  thanks . 
  tho i think its as good as any other nation based on majority . 
  every culture is unique and ordinary people are usually nice everywhere . 
  administrations are bad not the people . 
  translation is like allah akbar = god is great = tanr\u0131 uludur . 
  my points is tho culturally we dont ever say tanr\u0131 uludur or allah akbar in any conversation ( except for some ultra islamists meeting which could happen anywhere in the world anyway ) . 
  we dont yell anything while fighting except for swearing or some stuff from normal dialoge . 
  if something bad happens to ( injury/dead/attack ) someone right behind u. u say : allah\u0131m or tanr\u0131m yard\u0131m et = god help us or him or her . 
  note that that turks dont jihad for like 200 years so i have no clue what is equivalent to allah akbar . 
  turks also werent always muslim and the ottoman era ( 1200-1900 ) wasnt always islamist since there are lots of reports about having shamanistic rituels are being common even in 17-18th century . 
  thats pretty arrogant . 
  turks dont even yell allah akbar and the only concern would be ` storming the border ' regardless of your religious chants . 
  ~ ~ im not sure if it stands for ` omg ' . 
  its more like ` for the horde/king ' stylish thing . 
  i 've never seen anyone saying ` allah akbar ' in any sort of conversation . 
  it can only be heard in azan or islamists protest something or when fighting . ~ ~ edit : nvm i guess im wrong . 
  it is from istanbul . 
  reminds me of this ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp4cor31_54, 
  just wait till these islamists lunatics and peaceloving pkk free ` doom ' fighters bring you their jihad and peace to you . 
  good luck . 
  i heard this from a kurdish mp . 
  a kurd a turk and an armenian sneaks into a turkish man 's garden and steal some plum . . and then got caugh . 
  the owner of the garden comes and says to armanian : so these guys are at least muslim how dare u steal my plum ? 
  and then he kicks him out of the garden . 
  then returns to the kurdish guy and says : at least this guy is turkish how dare u steal my stuff get out !, 
  and lastly to the turkish guy : shame on u !, 
  how can u corporate with these guys and kicks him out aswell . 
  and then 3 thives get together and kurdish guy asks how can one guy kick 3 of them out single handedly . 
  turkish guy says : we shouldnt let him kick armenian in the first place . 
  not sure if its a highschool bully or a foreign ministry of a well respected country . 
  ikea  gas pipeline anyway . 
  since nato failed in syria , middle east is back on the menu for russia i guess . 
  thats for a fact isnt true at all . 
  if u want a specific term to define chp and its voters would be ` democrat ' since the voter base is mixed with democrats , liberals , nationalists , secularists , kemalist or even socialist and communist and some other stuff . 
  the party itself is like some sort of proggressive alliance . 
  turan stronk and confirmed . 
  more like an unexpected journey to the middle ~ ~ earth ~ ~ east . 
  good boy . 
  my students would definitely sell it in black market after stalking their ex 's . 
  no more waiting for 3-7 days no more extra 100 euro for visa no more telling everything about your private life . 
  we are one step away from telling our favorite sex posistion . 
  i have n't watched it yet you scumbags . 
  having x2 fertility rate in kurdish cities is not enough ? 
  turks have lower fertility rate than french for example , i do n't get your point . 
  we have low birth rates . 
  you are probably confusing turks with kurds . 
  you got ta promise me that you gib eu when we let kurds go . 
  refugees from turkey ? 
  eh , there are already around 10 million turkish citizens who travel to europe every year anyway . 
  there has been daily clashes in between turkey ( plus turkish trained peshmergas ) and isis for like a month in iraq aswell . 
  that 's like the worst one . . easily worst 3 if not the worst . 
  muslims ca n't into humour . 
  i notice that there has been ` us vs them ' policy from the certain groups for a very long time ; name it polls , articles or movies . 
  god knows why is it happening but noone ever says or implies these things after they spent a year or sometime in turkey . 
  should have let kurds and armenians claim the eastern part of turkey and build a chinese wall . 
  you are ignorant if you think lgbt people are not discriminated in every single country on earth and there is a huge cultural difference in between turkey and middle east/eastern europe . 
  you 're like european pov on turks in a nutshell . 
  ' i saw an awareness video about lgbt rights and i conclude that majority of these people are gay haters ' . 
  another reason to be one with greece  . 
  that 's putin . 
  akp arrests journalists and sentence for life and then release them after 2 years . 
   aiding pkk now too is she ? 
  i was giving a popular example . 
  ' x journalist got deported for aiding pkk or doing bla bla ', 
  that 's probably she is still on trial or have turkish citizenship aswell . 
  not sure about the law but foreign people always get deported for aiding pkk for example . 
  oh come on . 
  erdogan is not that bad . 
  both erdogan and trump sue the shit out people but at least erdogan did n't say we will not allow christians to come to our country or suggested to go after the families of pkk members . 
   let 's pretend the chance of dying anywhere else is 0.1 % , while the chance of dying in turkey right now is 0.5 % . 
  thats like 200.000 tourists dying . 
  i think the realistic numbers would be somewhere arround % 0.00001 . 
  it needs to go viral to get arrested or else there would like more than 20 million people in jail . 
  plus you 're a tourist and in the worst case , you get deported . 
  if you include primary shools , you do realize that there are nearly 18 million students in turkey right ? 
  so they are like what 5 percent of total students ? 
  and how many students were there back then ? 
  not sure about that . 
  if there are english translations of seyahatname by evliya celebi and maruzat by cevdet pasha and several others which i did n't read yet , you could see how wrong you are :d . drinking and same sex merriages were probably more common than what it is now . 
  this is just wrong . 
  the reason you ca n't convince me is that you provide false information . 
  these are the offical numbers from ministry of national education . 
  page ; 74 https://sgb.meb.gov.tr/istatistik/meb_istatistikleri_orgun_egitim_2014_2015.pdf i 'll ely5 ; there were 510k imam hatip students in 1995 when turkish population was 50 million . 
  there are 540k imam hatip students in 2015 and turkish population in turkey is 80 million . 
  so turkish population got increased by nearly 60 percent but there are still the same amount of students in religious schools . 
  so imam hatip students make lower percentage of total students than they did in 1995 . they should have more than at least 800k students to stay in the same popularity . 
  i hope you got it this time . 
  not sure where you get your numbers from ( probably bilal ? ), 
  but i will give the offical numbers from egitim-sen . http://t24.com.tr/haber/imam-hatip-liselerinin-ogrenci-sayisi-11-yilda-7-kat-artti,279493 in the year 1996 there were 510k imam hatip students . 
  not to mention even if your numbers were correct there would be still decline in religious schools due to % 60 population growth in turkish population . 
  homosexuality is not untraditional to us . 
  they attended to the parades and the courts even in ottoman times and we were one of the first nations to decriminalize it . 
  even our conservative party 's leader erdogan promised to give more rights to the lgbt but he did n't do it but i think when we get chp or hdp ( unfortunately they suck pkk 's dick right now so it is unlikely to form a coalition with them ) they will most likely allow gay merriage . 
  altough lgbt parades are kinda cringe worthy events in turkey therefore you may see people have negative view on them . 
  for example ( nsfw ) ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=amxa6jzn1vq, 
  i always wondered this since i was a little kid .
