  secularism which was n't forced upon kurds , but which is natural in our culture . 
  unlike `` turkish secularism '' , which had to be forced upon you by a dictator ( ataturk ) . 
  and erdogan undid all of that within a few years , for the simple reason that turks are not secular and their culture is n't either . 
  never will be . 
  even 100 years of forced secularism and anti-islamism had no effect upon you whatsoever . 
  meanwhile , in pkk-controlled regions , women and lgbt are enjoying freedom more than anywhere else in the middle-east ( exception being israel ) , and they do n't even have a real country yet ( rojava ) . 
  if i read this earlier i would n't even reply , so fucking cringe . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pdhbjwbgxpe same video with 160k views . 
  this guy is still a member of parliament for hdp . 
  what do you mean with different ? 
  the same guy praised seyh said a week ago and dissed at the founders of republic . 
  he even used the term ` they destroyed our empire ' . 
  oh btw this person called ` seyh said ' created a rebellion aimed at reviving the islamic caliphate against ataturk . 
  wow such a fucking secular representative of hdp . 
  if proper european left wing has mps who wants islamic laws then i got ta admit hdp fits right in . 
  you see thats what i mean with being backward as shit . 
  '' liar turks '' , '' turks say '' , '' turks this '' , '' turks that '' i mean what the hell . . do you think we are a single entity ? 
  i honestly hope kurds serperate from turkey and make their own country . 
  i dont give a shit about it all . 
  i 'll never move to eastern parts of turkey nor i have any connection with the people there , name it turks or kurds they are backward as shit so this has nothing to do with ethnicity . 
  its the culture of that region ( probably a side effect of being closer to the middle east ) . 
  i mean you 're the one who is doing a propoganda right now . 
  you do not mention crazy shit about fgm , honor killings and blood feuds . 
  those cultural '' codes '' ( the kurds here used to call it '' t\u00f6re '' ) claimed x10 kurdish lives than terrorism , civil wars or dictators like saddam . 
  however i know for a fact that akp has been always the first or second party in the eastern part of the country where kurds are the majority . 
  even at 2015 where a kurdish party got into the parliament for the first time akp still was the 2nd biggest party ( up to getting 30 percent votes in van ) . 
  http://secim.haberler.com/ oh you might get a little bit shocked about the previous election results . 
  trigger warning : dont check the ones in between 2002-2015 . 
   secular kurdish parties . 
  hdp ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v1ns5hzia8 he wants sharia law , secular af . 
  hudapar : literally called kurdish hizbollah rofl . 
   how exactly hdp `` requested sharia law '' ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3v1ns5hzia8 there you go . 
  is n't that true tho ? 
  i remember kurdish users in r/kurdistan claiming ypg to be pkk 's sibling organization in syria and majority of the leading figures of ypj are the ones who come from pkk and stuff . 
  that is of course not a credible source but still i wonder if its correct . . 
  ca n't speak for greeks but i have n't seen any turkish person or even a politician talking shit about greece or greek people since early-mid 90s . 
  it worked with the several miniorities . 
  kurds happened to be living in the poorest area of turkey otherwise they would be assimilated aswell ( same goes for turks in the eastern turkey ) . 
  you can clearly see the cultural difference in between turkish citizens from turkey and european citizens with turkish/kurdish background who immigrated from poorest parts of the country in 50s-60s . 
  that 5 percent no for chp is trolling . 
  secularism is the hardcode of chp . 
  i do n't even know the offical ideology of chp . 
  social democrats vote for it , liberals vote for it , even nationalists vote for it because they all want secularism over islamic culture . 
  buying . 
  some people claim that turks had matriarchy system in ` central asia ' . 
   if you live in a city with great public transport infrastrure nah , i live in istanbul . 
  same here . 
  i never used a public transport ever since i got my driving license . 
  what the fuck ? 
  second one should be immoral , not infidel tho . 
  pokemon was actually once banned after a piece of shit retarded kid jumped off the window , thinking he was charizard . 
   poor kurds . 
  they do n't want any of this . 
  kurds only vote for akp and hdp . 
  chp ( main opposition/liberal ) gets less than 1 percent of the total votes in the east . 
  note that there are nearly 20 millon kurds in turkey . 
   but it does not mean much since most women were n't allowed by their men to vote . 
  wtf ? 
  there were nearly a million more female voters than male voters just fyi and the voter turnout is really high . 
  a lot of people also downvoted midnight express aswell which was based on a real event ( just like armenian genocide ) . 
  however the movie was full of false stereotypes and how all turkish characters are literally evil . 
  i 'm not planning to discuss these kind of movies but false stereotypes such as turks are brown skinned muslims who live in desert with headscarfs and burqas are annoying as fuck and will result with downvotes wheter the turkish person is liberal or conservative . 
  are you implying they know english or any other foreign language ? 
  cosiderable amount of akp voters ca n't even speak turkish properly . 
  that last caliphate guy was actually cool . 
  a lot better than erdogan . . he was making nu paitings , hosting european artists , using alcohol and stuff . 
  that 's just plain bullshit . 
  grey wolves or any other nationalist party or all of them combined ( plus chp help to let them pass threshold ) never had more than 15 percent of the total votes in any election . 
  they have less members of parliament than kurdish hdp right now and mhp is gone for good after next elections because of the betrayal of bahceli . 
  only if it goes viral and cause public outrage . 
  the exact same case happened in turkey several times and one of the videos got popular so she got fined as far as i remember . 
  oops . 
  this whole thing is about erdogan . 
  previous prime ministers or presidents did n't have thick skin . 
  in fact pretty much all previous leaders had some sort of offensive nick name . 
  yeah in about a month , the entire country will be hosting for cat orgies . 
  i quit smoking 26 days ago . . outdated map 2/10 . 
  correct . 
  our population growth massively decreased in the last decade and avarage birth rate is 1.5 kids in western part ( most populated part ) of the country . 
  it 's him . 
  there are two good candidates in mhp to become the leader of the party and they are very popular too but bahceli teamed up with erdogan to support his presidency . . in return , erdogan helps him stay in his posistion since legal system is a tool for government in turkey . 
  like this . 
  sorry about the cringe video , i clicked to the first link after searching how to pronounce tesekkur ederim . 
  as far as i know it is coming from an arabic word . 
  \u015f\u00fck\u00fcr means something like gratitude . 
  sa\u011fol ( be well ) is the turkish version . 
  correct . 
  uzun means both ` long ' and ` tall ' . 
  uykusuz is in opposition group . 
  katibim ( or uskudara giderken ) is a song based on a girl falling in love with a scottish clerk . 
  this song has been created after britain started to help us in fight against russians for crimea . 
  i thought she lost her pet named ` pineapple ' and then went insane but turns out she is okay . 
  she claims to be art performer or something like that in her instagram page . 
  mystery solved . 
  why would a sexist vote for a female person to be the leader of his country . 
  especially in a high power distance culture . 
  i think this company make their polls with religious cult members every single time . 
  we had a female president btw . 
  he should sacrifice himself in kosovo so his sons can avenge him .
