  people have a very good reason to point fingers at turkey because of erdogan 's speeches . 
  our opposition and europeans sometimes over exaggerate but they are right most of the time . 
  how can german embassy possibly know about whats going on ? 
  its turkish intelligince who warn them about possible threats . 
  protecting 80 million people against terror attacks is no joke . 
  i wonder what would happen if any european country took 3 million refugees from syria . 
  btw i suggest you to visit any other muslim country you wish to choose and see for yourself what ` political islamist ' really is . 
  iran and shia islam seems popular on reddit , take a trip over there . 
   there is no evidence for this . 
  no , its all proven at pkkfreedomfighters.com under the section of successful attacks on teachers and doctors . 
  even in that case eu would be still directly aiding refugees . 
  that 's exactly why turkey should n't hold refugees in turkey . 
  how come ` death to france ' does n't break laws . 
  it 's hate speech and promoting violence . 
  what do you think about jitem ? 
  our hands are clean because turkish state denied its existance or said it has no connections with them ? 
  fyi we also despise huda-par even tho they are pro-turkey . 
  on the other hand krg is respected because they can be smart , pragmatic and make profit for kurdistan regional government without being hostile to turkey . 
  even ypg leaders are welcomed in turkey in the past and all turkey asked for to break relations with pkk so these things have nothing to with ideology . 
  the main issue and complaining is all about the fact that pkk gets praised ( even supported by some countries ) by the western allies of turkey . 
  its not like turkish people hate isis less than they hate pkk so this ` anti-pkk agenda ' you say , does not belong to turkish nationalists , it belongs to pretty much everyone ( including the foreign people ) who lives on turkey . 
  its only natural for you to not see turkish people saying ` see this is the isis you support ' or something like that because noone supports them . 
  not really . 
  less than 10 percent of total population ever reads the quran ( nearly all of them are imams ) and more than 90 percent opposes sharia law . 
  your comment is like a complete european percetion based on what you read on media . 
   you also get to learn that the secular military junta in turkey oppressed religious rights like being able to wear a headscarf in government buildings ( turkish military coup leaders banned these things ) . 
  thats 100 percent true . 
  it was highly undemocratic thing to do but then again no party supports that ban so it does n't really have big impact on election results since lots of people with headscarf vote for chp or lots of people who wear mini-skirts , bikinis ( anti-islamic dress in general ) vote for akp . 
  ffs there is even this woman called gulben ergen who played in a porn movie and she is bff with erdogan now . 
   then you see akp . 
  they say that kurds and turks are brothers . 
  they translate quran into kurdish language and even denounce racism against kurds . 
  so what will you do logically ? 
  vote for them . 
  nothing new , kurds always voted for conservative parties . 
   and that 's how erdogan and akp get in power . 
  by touching the things that secular parties oppressed . 
  thats not how it works . 
  erdogan is there for fixing decades long economic issues . 
  he did n't really fixed it tho . . it was chp 's kemal dervis but erdogan got all the credits and this akp 's ali babacan is a great economist ( which is the only sane akp member ) . 
  the moment when economy collapses , akp 's vote will go down to 5-15 percent from 40-45 percent . 
  you see we never said ` france should n't have bombed arab freedom fighters ' when isis carried attacks on paris and somehow turkish redditors are being called fascists . 
  now that we heard about eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull in 2010 , i 'm sure this one will be offically the hardest turkish phrase to pronounce . 
   kendilerindendemi thats actually 3 different words and you should be typing it as ` kendilerinden de mi ? ' . 
  its progressive as fuck , stop oppressing them please . 
  its all oil wrestling now ( totally not gay ) . 
  squat died a decade ago . . rip quadriceps . 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  refugees in turkey do n't get citizenship tho . 
  other than that would it make any sense to deny greece to join the eu if turks were to be islamists like that people in iraq syria and iran ? 
  because you know you are bordering us . 
  for your information more than half of those chapters got frozen by france and cyprus . 
   turks are terrorists . 
  is this the next thing ? 
  crescent and star are no religious symbols tho . 
  these turkish wannabe countries started to use it after 1950s and people got the wrong idea that its somehow related with islam . 
  in fact symbols are probably forbidden or something like that in islam . 
  christian union . 
  i 'm pretty sure if turks just called themselves christians and live the way they always do since 1923 , things would be different . 
  even if erdogan burns the money to heat his palace , eu would be still directly aiding refugees . 
  who cares really ? 
  do n't get deluded by liberal erasmus students in your collage . 
  considerable amount of europeans know next to nothing about turkey . 
  its pretty common to hear them saying that turks are brown skinned muslims and not in europe . 
  i had like -80 downvote for saying ` not all muslims are the same ' ( i was implying turkey and azerbaijan ) to someone who said muslims have backward ideology and are not allowed to have a relationship with foreigners or ca n't have relationship/intercourse without getting married . 
  us embassy warned about this attack two days ago . 
  it could be anyone really . 
  they say that at least 10 people died . 
  https://twitter.com/140journos/status/709067369675689984 who is responsible ? 
  no clue . 
  turkish intelligence is too busy suing people who insult erdogan . 
  edit : its a volkswagen scirocco again like the previous attack . 
  https://twitter.com/hasavrat/status/709075897693958144 edit : its confrimed that 27 people died and 75 injured . 
  for more updates ( ki\u015fi = person , yaral\u0131 = injured ) and footages : http://www.cnnturk.com/canli-yayin http://www.haberturk.com/canliyayin edit : another footage . 
  i 'm afraid the casualities are more than what the governer reported . 
  https://twitter.com/istanbul_indy/status/709079905976369153 ** edit : mehmet m\u00fcezzino\u011flu who is the current minister of health said that 30 people instantly died in the explosion and 4 people died in the hospital . 
  125 people are injured including 19 people who are heavily injured . 
  pewresearch is a joke when it comes to turkey . 
  i 'd recommend turkish economic and social studies foundation on this matter . 
  idk man , i ca n't really start my day without shooting down at least two armored vehicles . 
  no walls and soliders with automatic rifles ? 
  also why did n't anyone shoot that chicken or charge it with terrorism ? 
  it was obviously crossing the border without permission . . 
  not sure if its true but people say that its a fake language and if you learn arabic and iranian you can perfectly understand kurdish . 
  the governer of istanbul said that there are 400k registered refugees in istanbul and arround 100k unregistered refugees . 
  turkey in general has 2.5 million registered refugees so 2.7 m is not an absurd claim . 
   all the 3rd world turkey 's national airline you mean the best one in europe ? 
  why ? 
  kurds are progressive , secular , liberal , pro-lgbt , feminist , anti-justin bieber and vegans . 
  not even this guy is erdogan supporter , he is just trolling . 
  check his previous comments . 
  all top 5 newspapers are opposition in turkey . 
  at least its not a single party dictatorship . 
  how most of the turks learn a foreing language ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jcy8sernwue, 
  close enough . 
  do you know what it means ? 
  hahahah it means that there are only two options and you refuse both of them ( in a funny way ) . 
  as for translation one of these words ( emmek ) is a slung for oral sex and the other one ( g\u00f6mmek ) is a slang for normal sex . 
  we are the biggest export partners of greece , bulgaria and georgia . 
  relations with armenia was never good for the last 100 years .
