  and yes many of them happened in a single year . 
  the only difference was that turks had a bigger population , territory and an actualy military so it took the holy league to ` remove kebab ' longer . 
  first of all i would like to mention that i do n't give a single fuck about eastern turkey and i would be glad if they secede from us . 
  so do n't take this as a propoganda post . 
  you seem like you know a lot on this matter and yet come up with ` kurdish genocide ' . 
  there was no such thing . 
  turks never went after kurds in that era or now . 
  in fact kurds teamed up with enver pasha to mass murder and deport armenians , assyrians from that land where turks are miniority . 
  noone is denying the event but people just think its a political tool becasue foreign people come up with the bullshit that over two million turks got ` removed ' but armenians are ` genocided ' . 
  we did n't start any of these events and ottoman expansion in the europe has stopped in late 1600s . 
  i guess we should have just sit there and completely annihilated from the face of earth ( its actually a common suggestion in the right-wing sphere ) . 
  turkey isn ' y polarized ( yet ) despite erdogan 's efforts . 
  people get along just fine and its very offensive thing to ignore someone for his/her religious beliefs . 
  nah you would be good for pr but turkish citizens may not openly present themselves as atheist if working in government . 
  it is of course related with promoting , you do n't get kicked out just because you do n't believe in an imaginery friend . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  users can pick a side but the platform should n't single out a nation especially when it comes to the foreign policy . 
  russians did n't vote for putin to annex ukraine , americans did n't vote for bush to invade iraq etc. 
  r/europe includes all the european countries , so its not the same thing . 
  #wearewithukraine would offend russians users . 
  a better comparison would be let 's say ; germany fights with norway and sweden subreddit would say we are with norway . 
  nearly all of the posts are ridiculing nationalists and warmongerers in that sub . 
  i could translate if you are so interested in but you seem to be concluded the event . 
  also they hate erdogan . 
  i guess turkish cypriots already want to reunify . 
  other than that it 's probably fake news since only 300 soliders died out of 650.000 after that scumbag in the office let pkk gear up for civil war for more than 4 years . 
  additional 30k troops from cyprus does n't mean anything . 
  wow . 
  why ? 
  teenagers can have sex with each other but 30 years old person and 16 years old teenager is weird . . do n't you think ? 
  it means cavalry in turkish . 
  religion does n't mean shit . 
  you get your ass in jail and the imam wo n't save you . 
  an etnically african person who was born or lives in netherlands . 
  biseswar = dutch or african surname . 
  it means ` there is a sound ' in turkish . 
  it took me 5 minutes to realize why the sportscaster kept repeating ` there is a sound ' in a football game . 
  aight , i fixed it . 
  [ old map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fi5gm11.png ) [ new map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/2p8qvyk.png ) your welcome . 
  we should be fighting the real enemies of the humanity . . the ones who terrorize the world from middle east . 
  i am of course talking about the kurdish terror groups in syria and iraq . 
  thats 16 years old not 6 and whenever the x person ( 16-17 years old ) complains about it , the older person who is above 18 is screwed . 
  some guy sentenced for 600 years last week for child abuse . 
  its ok because they do n't deny it :d . 
  did n't happen or he deserved it . 
  bad timing . 
  its actually arround 99 percent right now , since can dundar and gul were released . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_arrested_journalists_in_turkey i mean come on erdogan is getting insulted by the top news paper and journalists for more than 10 years . 
  freedom of press is still bad but i would n't compare it with russia since they have no opposition at all . 
  even if every single kurd would support pkk or their political party hdp they would be still getting 11-12 percent of the total votes . 
  erdogan would be still in power and got rid of 5-6 poorest cities in a barren wasteland region . 
  for erdogan the real threat is chp and mhp . 
  to be perfectly honest these groups possess no threat to erdogan since they are small marginal groups w/o any public support . 
  idk , may be i 'm stupid but i just fail too see what 's wrong with arresting criminals such as pkk , isis and gulen members . 
  those journalists would end up in jail if any other party would be in power anyway . 
  more than 90 percent of the journalists are either pkk or isis members or have close relations with them . 
  remeaning 10 ( gulen organisation . 
  they suggested to bring down turkish republic and replace it with islamic state for 30 years ) percent makes the actual news which is of course terrible but i still think he is n't as extreme as trump or putin . 
  erdogan is famous for making fool of himself with his absurd speeches but he did n't really do anything crazy . 
  his voice at 0:16 is not fake btw and there is actually a good cover of staying alive with it . 
  probably something to do with ottomans and large non-muslim population in the middle east ( back then ) . 
  should have hang him . . 
   i mean there are some interpretations of islam that it 's okay to drink as long as you do n't get drunk no , not really . 
  alcohol is ** completely ** forbidden in islam and on the contrary you can eat pork if you are starving but you can never drink in any case . 
  stahp musliming me, 
  ethnically ? 
  probably not . . we 're minority . 
  who cares ? 
  go on . . / jk . 
  what 's up with these guys and their obsession with feet . 
  yup , it was well organised and even made it to the news . 
  war between our species is inevitable , that evolution can not be stopped and ~ ~ cats ~ ~ turks will rise . 
  we can not coexist and then said oh don piaaano and then . . and then something about seeing the streets of ~ ~ human ~ ~ greek cities running red with the blood of their children . 
  wait . . is athilas thasos not greek ? 
  yeah but it has been like 50 years or something like that , new generations should be different . 
  enjoy . . while you can !, 
  soon you will be tasting our raki and your life will be changed forever . 
  actually nearly all the top newspapers are pro-opposition . 
  perhaps but what do turks know about islam other than some rituels, 
  why ? 
  get a room already . 
  in turkey , citizens are not allowed to set bombs on roads , hold guns , kidnap children , kill teachers etc. 
  i 'm sure your country must have smilar laws . 
  what do you mean with return to secularism ? 
  name me one islamic rule or law turkey has . 
  btw close your sharia courts first then lecture people about secularism hehe . 
  i got your point but the turks in europe seems to be way more conservative muslims than what we have in turkey ( including the eastern parts ) . 
  something is really wrong at europe . 
  source : election results . 
  all the gay people i know are super nice people . 
  there is a rumour that this guy ( reza or riza w/e ) was going to be executed in iran ( capital punishment ) or go to jail in turkey because sanctions against iran is getting lifted and so this guy was going to be dumped anyway . 
  so he actually surrendered himself to usa for getting a good deal . 
  i do n't like this guy , erdogan or iran so win-win-win for me . 
  http://imgur.com/a/drekk nevertheless gun fights do n't last long anymore . 
   % 40 that will vote for you no matter what because you are `` true muslim '' thats not why people vote for erdogan . 
  major reason is economy and there are way more conservative parties in turkey ( even they are 1000 times liberal than rest of the muslim world ) . 
  not to mention by that logic demirel , ecevit , inonu , sezer , bayar , y\u0131lmaz etc. 
  would never be president or prime minister . 
  sure they have some liberal population like any other country and thats very nice but when it comes to the political islam or law system you ca n't talk positively about it . 
   you should know better than pointing fingers because many like to do the same arrogant thing with turkey .
