   a small voice you mean the other half of the country or pretty much all the top media channels ? 
  yeah we do say that . 
  these gulenist lunatics are x10 worse than erdogan 's akp . 
  of course it is affected but it is only one sector and they will probably not vote for erdogan again . 
  til . 
  thanks for the info . 
  are n't you confusing warheads with launchers ? 
  https://www.google.com.tr/search?q=b61+nuclear+warhead&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=953&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewickuvvgz7oahxlvhqkhzvgdsaq_auibigb#imgrc=_ if these things explode they would n't have any effect ? 
  commanders of armies were out of this . 
  this is why you did n't see 700k troops in the streets instead of small teams in key points . 
  you did n't see 350k troops neither by your % 44 logic . 
  those generals are from intelligence and stuff to take over the army . 
  no real fighting force . 
  we do n't rely on tourism anymore or any other service . 
  the economy is diverse . 
  plus if any of these events happened in 90s we would be doomed economically . 
  these are nuclear warheads . 
  they can be used on pretty much all platforms . 
  taf actually has the technology to use them via cruise missiles or airstrikes . 
  most people are usually aware of what 's going on . 
  they keep voting for erdogan because of the economy . 
  do n't get fooled by the fanatics on the meetings , they do n't represent the avarage akp voter . 
  they were fighting with in military . 
  the main base of the coup has been hit by f-16 missiles so the planes in the coup base could n't take off . 
  yes , all the top media channels are anti-erdogan . 
  i think the coup attempt prooved otherwise . 
  only 1,5 % of the total armed forces did this . 
  we do n't use nokia n81 anymore . 
  what 's this . . 2008 ? 
  both . 
  as u can see these gulen cult members were bunch a couple of retards who ca n't acomplish anything even when they infiltrated to the important posistions . 
  there are millions of qualified people to replace them . 
  you could replace any organisation 5-6 times with completely different people in turkey . 
  you 're welcome . 
  the opposition is the other half of the country , i do n't think he would even try that . 
  this gulenist cult is less than 1 percent of the population and see the shitstorm they brought to our country . 
  pretty much every piece of information in this post is true . 
  i 'm actually surpised . 
  probably not all of them but you got ta realize akp was in bed with gulenists for a decade so the numbers can even go up to 10 times more . 
  we are closely watching the situation and the people who got arrested are indeed pro-akp or pro-gulenist people . 
  turkey has 80 million population so the numbers are n't that crazy . 
  edit : i 'd like to defend freedom of press/expression but these gulenist scumbags ruined so many innocent lives i really ca n't be bothered , sorry . 
  secular high ranked military officers . 
  akp and gulen cult teamed up to jail these innocent people and ruined their life . 
  now that they have been released from the jails , the judges who put them in jail are getting arrested . . long story short ; akp is purging itself now , not the opposition . 
  in fact top akp officals attended to the chp ( main opposition ) meeting lol . 
  on top of that i 'd like to add that retired secular army officers crash and burn erdogan on debates for like the last 3-5 days and the akp supporters just admit their fault , shut up and take it . 
  oh and last night they promoted all the balyoz/ergenekon victims . 
  source : this ali turksen guy is on all the top rated channels such as cnn and haberturk etc and he disses on erdogan like everyday . 
   some turks just hate greeks i did n't see anyone ( literally ) having any bad opinion about greeks since 90s . 
  we hate kurds and arabs for now and sometimes armenians when they clash with azerbaijan :d . 
  it does n't matter . 
  main opposition ( chp ) is called ` enemies of the islam ' by conservatives , so fighting against this gulen cult did n't work great for chp in the past to gain conservative votes . 
  now that erdogan 's party got a massive hit by this gulen movement therefore conservatives started to question themselves about the religion abuse and importance of secularism ( gulen cult was best friends for ever with erdogan 's akp and other right wing parties for decades ) . 
  at the end even if its staged or not staged , its all good for the opposition since the biggest islamic cult in turkey is going down and i doubt erdogan can identify himself or his party as islamist anymore . 
  as i stated in my previous post , it would be the end of him . 
  his support was always around 40-50 percent but this is all related with economics . 
  people fail to understand that economy is the most important variable in turkish politics as we have seen in pretty much all the elections . 
  bad economy = u 're instantly gone even if you get 40 percent of the total votes in the last elections . 
  ecevit , demirel , ozal , ciller etc. 
  and pretty much all others are gone after economic issues . 
  no it 's the exact opposite actually . 
  no party can support a coup and expect to get any votes in the next election . 
   maybe the chp realises this as well and want to protect themselves from persecution ? 
  chp is not just the main secular oppositon but the main opposition aswell . . meaning it is the second biggest political party and the first one to be founded in the turkish republic . 
  not to mention this party has been founded by ataturk himself and established the modern republic after defeating allied forces . 
  no party or organisation can persecute chp without having a full scale civil war which will utterly destroy turkey . 
  they 're simply defending democracy as democrats should . 
  they still disagree with akp on pretty much everything . 
  its the way it is for years . 
  leftists buy their stuff from d and r , \u015fakirts buy it from nt . 
  altought d & r is way superior than the nt so people eventually have to go for it . 
  nt belongs to the gulen cult . 
  two islamist retarded groups are fighting with each other , could n't care less to be honest . 
  if any of these scumbags attack to a '' d and r '' we 'll defend it with our drones and lightsabers . 
  our motto will be ; nerds unite !, 
  completely depends on the economy . 
  if nothing goes wrong they will still get 40-45 percent of the total votes as usual . 
  but if economy fails they 're gone almost instantly ( may not even pass the threshold ) . 
  this is almost as bad as pro akp newspapers . 
  there is no such thing . . at least not related to this event . 
  islam itself in general is like that tho . 
  if we get more islam , women may lose equal rights so there is that . 
   everyone who is n't voting akp is not automatically secular . 
  mhp has moved from secular-nationalist to nationalist-islamist , with a few lingering exceptions . 
  that 's actually the exact opposite . 
  you 're probably confusing grey wolves in europe with the grey wolves in turkey . 
  jannisaries suck !, 
  i already offered this when we lost the election last year . 
  istanbul is little version of turkey . 
  it does n't count . 
  there are discricts in istanbul where erdogan gets only 10 percent of the total votes and these disctricts are bigger than some european countries . 
  never before has any voice uttered the words of that tongue here in istanbul . 
  finally someone understands this . 
  at the moment all political parties are united against this organisation and their coup . 
  debades on tv seems to be cool and pro-akp people admit their fault about supporting this gulen cult in the past . 
  they even proposed to get kemalist generals back in the army . 
  that news is confirmed to be fake . 
  fun fact : erdogan became president by being succesful at cleaning dirty halic sea when he was major of istanbul . 
  part of the army ?
