   do you deny that in 1993 the pkk declared a ceasefire and began peace talks with president \u00d6zal ? 
  president of the turkish republic has no power to negotiate with terrorists . 
  ozal was a figurehead in 93 . however it could make sense if he was assasinated when he was president . 
  he was n't poisoned to death . 
  even if that crazy conspiracy was true it still makes no sense , president has no power . 
   do you deny that jitem general ers\u00f6z has been charged for the murder in 2013 ? 
  i bet u are one of those 911 bush did it people lol . 
  its just they gave up , like in charlie hebdo shooting . 
  western europe gives into fear . 
  there were two kurdish presidents . 
  cemal gursel and ozal and there was no peace talk with pkk during these eras . 
  get your facts straight and stop believing batshit crazy conspiracy theories . 
  u literally typed the same thing with my previous post which u/ntzm replied to . 
  why do u you spin every piece of information ? 
  if you think you will achieve anything by distorting truth or its just how you read the events then you seriously need professional help . 
  i do n't mean to be offensive but i mean look at this post piece by piece . 
   it was over 4000 the exact number is 1128 and even if there were 4000 academicians they would be still miniority , % 1 instead of % 0.5 wow big deal . 
  not to mention considerable amount of these academicians are not in turkey . 
   they did not say anything `` pro pkk '' the introduction of the declaration is ` we will not be part of this crime ' and furthermore imply as if turkish troops are criminals and hunting civilians for fun . 
   peace process with fair negotiations and a fair deal and healing of the society instead of incitement to hate and violence . 
  is that why pkk set ied every inch of south eastern turkey and stock guns ? 
   hdp party in the turkish parliament , there was not any reference to positions specific to the pkk . 
  no doubt you live in germany lol . 
  hdp is political wing of pkk , they never condemn any actions of them . 
  hdp members said they rely on pkk like 10-15 times and threatened to destroy the turkish republic pretty much once in a month . 
  they are so different . .  records say by who ? 
  who is coming over turkey and counting dead bodies except turkish government ? 
  those numbers and the way you define them is full of shit and completely made up by yourself . 
  doesnt even fit to pkk claims . 
   civil war its not a civil war since pkk members are not citizens of turkish republic . 
  their headquarter is in iraq , they come from iraq and they recruit people from four countries . 
   actually this is a position which many people and academics in europe hold and publish freely . 
  i disagree with them not out of principle , or because of `` terrorism '' bullshit , but because i very much despise the islamist political agenda of isis . 
  if isis had a different political agenda , for example progressive like the kck , i might agree with them . 
  well i got no doubt u 'd say that but vast majority of people does n't really promote terrorism and the very few of european countries support pkk and pretty much non of them promotes isis . 
  they made statements and then released . 
  can you name me who is in jail exactly ? 
  how can you possibly conclude that ? 
  a retarded pm of israel thinks hitler had somewhat okay intentions and i make fun of it . 
  these academicians are not in jail neither . 
  no its just , hitler did n't want to kill jews but there was this one arab imam who poisoned his mind to do so . 
  this story was told by the prime minister or president of israel bunch a couple of months ago lol . 
   it does n't even mention pkk . 
  serious question ; did you read it ? 
  its like radical musllims saying ' i do n't approve isis but . . '  it seems it still is n't a crime to be a muslim in usa . 
  so your example is bad . 
  being kurd in turkey is n't crime neither , in fact we had kurdish presidents and there is a kurd in every government posistion from bottom to the top and yes they do speak kurdish on live tv ( not so assimilated as pkk claims ) . 
  he was only referring to those 1k pro-pkk academicians who signed petition to let pkk dwell on the streets with ak-47s and rpgs out of 150k academicians . 
  vast majority of total academicians are anti-erdogan but erdogan is still kinda ok with them . 
  to emphasise ; just imagine isis carrying massive attacks on europe and cause 30k europeans to die and then some european professors come up with ` leave isis alone , stop murdering arabs and let them have their own state facist eu ' bullshit . 
  how would you people react ? 
  we are n't homophobic tho , in fact one of the first countries to decriminalize it . 
  i 'm no expert but is n't the missile 's range and guidance systems are more important than the platforms or jets . 
  like for example lets say i got this brand new 2016 jet with a missile which can go up to 30km and u got like 1960 made old jet loaded with amraam missiles which can go up to 180 km . 
  u would probably fire your missile then land back to the base and smoke a cigarratte while i try to run away from missile and most likely fail and get shot down by rebels who chant allah akbar . 
  i conclude that turkish women have the tightest pussies but thats just me . 
  always reminds me of this ; eu : civilization only , mongols like u must wait 100 years turkey : but . . eu : no , finland does n't count . 
  whats a handball precious ? 
  i do n't know why but after reading the title i just bursted out laughing . 
  it was like out of all the news in r/europe about refugees this , refugees that and this one comes up with ` hey u know what we should do ? 
  take more refugees in ' . 
  just pretend to be speaking arabic . 
  this might help ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jnszgke3o8g, 
  some of the eu counties have highly advanced militaries but they are pretty small . 
  i mean look at uk . 
  they have 146k soliders , 400 tanks and 89 figher jets . 
  germany has 179k soliders , 408 tanks and 105 figher jets . 
  france 200k soliders , 400 tanks and 283 figher jets . 
  just compare these 3 main powers of europe with russia . 
  russia has 700k soliders , 15k tanks and 760 fighter jets . 
  right but they could do the same shit from algeria to spain , no ? 
  ypg is syrian branch of pkk . 
  just like al-qaeada and al-nusra . 
  ypg has been formed by pkk and the only reason they do n't attack to turkey is that they actually accomplished something in syria and do n't wan na lose it , unlike pkk in turkey . 
  nope . 
  turkey stopped bitching about her allies arming pkk at late 80s or early 90s . . we just got used to it and live with the fact lol . 
  i mean look at this shit . 
  today , turkish security forces found a us-made drone on a pkk gunstock and just check the comments . 
  http://www.hurriyet.com.tr/silopide-abd-yapimi-iha-bulundu-40043306 noone says ` wtf , they betrayed us ' or something like that . 
  top comment is ` they could n't figure it out how to connect the parts and fly it ' , second top comment is ` who is honestly surprised ? ' . 
  and someone actually suggests to send the drone to obama as a gift lol and many smilar comments like that . 
  and people on the worldnews and sometimes here say ` who needs enemies when u have an ally like turkey ' . 
   i 'm a turkish cypriot , guess how i know that . 
  aight then , in that case i value your opinnion over mine . 
   trnc is governed by the turkish governments and the turkish embassy . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  turkish cypriots elect their presidents and governments , not turkish government . 
  there was actually tensions in between kktc president and turkey 's president about the influence stuff . 
   that 's the point that , it is not going to be the scenario . 
  maybe for some years , some brigade of the turkish army can stay as a peacekeeping force , and than leave . 
  bases , no chance . 
  i fail to understand your offer . 
  northern cyprus should disband the state , abandon military bases , return to turkey and in return of what exactly ? 
  how is she supposed to know that these refugees will turn out to be huge sexist and ungrateful assholes ? 
  i felt really sorry for her and she is definitely not guilty for being a nice person . 
  turkey recognises northern cyprus as a de jure state so i doubt erdogan has authority over there and as long as the reunified cyprus would let turkey have its military bases turkey could n't care less if they unite or not . 
  in fact it would be a new market for turkey and only losers of this outcome would be turks who love to gamble on casinos ( assuming half of the people ca n't be bothered with schengen shit ) . 
  aight but there is this one thing i fail to understand . 
  why should assad flee to russia or iran when these countries actively aid his regime ? 
  he is gaining power again .
