  members of the turkish grand national assembly , on assuming office , shall take the following oath : `` i swear upon my honour and integrity , before the great turkish nation , to safeguard the existence and independence of the state , the indivisible integrity of the country and the nation , and the absolute sovereignty of the nation ; to remain loyal to the supremacy of law , to the democratic and secular republic , and to ataturk 's principles and reforms ; not to deviate from the ideal according to which everyone is entitled to enjoy human rights and fundamental freedoms under peace and prosperity in society , national solidarity and justice , and loyalty to the constitution . '', 
  no it does n't mention god at all and you ca n't change a single word or else you are forced to repeat your oath untill you do it right . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/turkey_total_fertility_rate_by_province_2013.png we ca n't raise 3 kids . 
  its impossible . . the only option is to let kurds go imo or else we will be miniority in a couple of decades . 
  mark my words , she will outlive charles . 
  capitalist pig-dog elves should n't have steal sauron 's way of making rings . 
  western men joined with ~ ~ nato ~ ~ elves for no good reason . 
  sauron had no problems with them . 
  * melkor did nothing wrong !, 
  i 'm pretty sure we would be commies too if greeks joined the team russia . 
   ethnic cleansing of greek cypriots we exchanged population with greeks two times and both events were sucesfull enough to end the violence ( wheter we liked it or not ) . 
  we lost territory in balkans , they lost territory in cyprus but at least it stopped the wars . 
  hopefully cyprus reunifies again peacefully and move on . 
  idk man the perspective here is very different than germany ( in a fucked up way ) . 
  even pro-armenian newspapers are patriotic enough to get mad at germany . 
  i mean i would understand the reactions if usa or any other nation which did n't recognize its own genocide but germany already paid for what they did unlike rest . 
  fun fact : hrant dink ( armenian journalist who got killed by a turkish nationalist ) was also bashing merkel and germany for using genocide as a political tool rather than being actually sorry for it . 
  i was talking about united states and the other colonizers who completely wiped out the continent america and deny using the term genocide . 
  yes , we would be very calm if we could genocide a whole continent instead . 
  is n't antalya the only touristic city which akp has the lead ? 
  as far as i remember the number of votes for antalya were very close in the last election . 
  i do think that turkish government should recognize it but so should others . 
  its no secret that our government is terrible but what does tourism industry have anything to do with journalists getting arrested ? 
  yes it is horrible , yes turkey kinda sucks right now but you should realize that only % 0.000000000000001 of total population go to prison for insulting erdogan ( actually they just get fined instead every time ) . 
  ** as for foreign people there is nearly no risk ** unless you have turkish citizenship . 
  in worst case you would get deported . 
  as for tourists i do n't see how you can end up in prison even if you insult erdogan 100 times a day on social media . 
  oh come on , it is a political tool and you know it . 
  canada is cool , what about the rest ? 
  same goes for turkey . 
  erdogan publicly apologized for deporting and killing armenians but did n't use the term genocide . 
  just like usa . 
  so why does n't usa recognize its genocide and move on ? 
  a simply apology for the genocide should n't be such a big deal . . right ? 
  just to be clear , if native americans get some sort of power and kill nearly entire people on the continent . . would you still say ` not cool but oh well it was expected ' . 
  yeah we had no economy , millions of turks in the balkans were n't civilians they were all soliders and legitimate targets . 
  the population exchange was enforced by major european powers to create muslim-free europe . 
  ottomans had no guilt in this since they stop expanding at late 1600s . 
  its only genocide or big deal if its against christians . 
  the worst crimes against humanity was commited by european countries which is why they are so obsessed with the term . 
  stalin and hitler are worse than leopord ii for example because they killed millions of christians . 
  they should have just kill tens of millions africans instead . 
  you forgot to add that we eat tourists at breakfast . 
  i posted that news which u/youthanasian mentioned via hurriyet but it got removed . 
  is hurriyetdailynews not considered reliable ? 
  when was the last time they had fake news or click baits ? 
  or did anything negative ? 
  i ca n't argue with the numbers but turkey is not homogeneous . 
  istanbul and izmir for example are individualistic , low context and monochronic while southern cities are the exact opposite . 
  i guess you could say * ` he knows nothing ' * about it . 
  correct . 
  just like any other major country . 
  i 'm not saying its right thing to do but there is absolutely no reason to point fingers at the uk . 
   ukraine deserved to get annexed because they overthrew the democratically elected government . 
  we should n't get involved . 
  why do you want to build a european army if you wo n't defend european countries ? 
  this fine gentleman also suggested that turkey supported isis back then and now he admits that eu directly supported rebels in syria who joined isis afterwards . 
  i 'm not really sure why foreign people have such impression on us . 
  we called this city constantiniye/istanbul/yeditepe ( seven hills ) for centuries . 
  noone gets offended by that . 
  fair enough . . well at least i tried . 
  i believe that there is a weird image of ottoman empire and turkey . 
  people who favour ottomans aka conservatives would be in culture shock if they traveled back in time . 
  ottoman dynasty was hands down 100 times more liberal than erdogan . 
  we had a painter ` caliph ' who painted nude pictures , nearly all of them married to christan women and the society was 30-50 percent non-muslim . 
  the last 200-300 years of ottoman empire aimed to integrate into europe and never carried a single attack on europe . 
  they even forced saudi leaders to listen music before executing them ( music being haram in islam ) just to show how serious they take their culture over islamic culture . 
  ataturk didnt change the country in a single life time . 
  it simply ca n't be done . 
  look at the view tho . 
  is n't it worth getting bombed for it ? 
  what does population have anything to do with relations ? 
  a single state could be a bigger market than 10 countries combined . 
  nice try . 
  i heard that we already host the radar systems to some european countries along with usa . 
  that and hosting 80 american nukes in incirlik for decades so we are probably even worse situation than romania or bulgaria . 
  you 're welcome . 
  its called fairy chimney . 
  you can google peri bacalar\u0131 for more pictures from turkey . 
  i hope so . . it is too good to be true . 
  dont get me wrong i have nothing against tourists , in fact i love them but this means we probably do n't have to get reservations 6 months earlier . 
  hopefully it will be cheaper too . 
  * yay , turning crisis into opportunity *, 
  are n't we allies already ? 
  as far as i know turkey helped you in your civil war ( twice ) and currently training the peshmerga as well as big investment going on there by turkish companies . 
  not sure about that . 
  erdogan could publicly say fuck palestinians and still get more than 40 percent of the votes . 
   i 'm different of course < _ < sounds like a typical medieval ruler . 
  try macro centers . 
  i 'm not sure . . i just watched the tv-series back then and the megalomaniac was impliying he was some sort of demigod . 
  mehmet was no caliph but you can call yourself ` shadow of the god on earth ' at suleiman-era . 
  elect her and you got new genocide on your hands . 
  bullshit article . 
  the people who will vote for her are ` turkey stronk ' type of people . 
  i think sinan ogan is the only sane and liberal-ish guy in that nationalist party . 
  nevertheless she would at least steal some votes from akp and force a coalition if she gets elected as the new leader of mhp . 
  that is a big if and i do n't see it happening . 
  the main opposition party also had 2 popular people emine ulker tarhan and muharrem ince who wanted to take the lead but both have failed and both of them were way more popular than meral aksener . 
  shit , i guess we are next . 
  if you cared deeply about other nato member states and their demographic issues you would n't bomb its neighboring countries for decades .
