  lieutenant : bla bla , my commander . 
  officers are respectful to each other but they are n't always polite towards conscripts . 
  an ordinary day on turkish milirary ; captain : did any of you dickheads study nuclear engineering ? 
  private : yes my commander . 
  captain : good , you are going to fix the television . 
  private : as you wish ( order ) , my commander . 
  close enough . 
  no 2-3 times in my whole life , not each day . 
  there are 4 million cats as pets only in our houses ( we spend nearly half billion each year for them ) and probably twice of that amount in the streets . 
  soon they will outpopulate us . 
  we must start a war and bomb veterinary hospitals in order to make them flee to greece as refugees . 
  at least some of it . . 
  that probably makes sense because unlike lahmacun , there are tons of different versions of pide . 
  there is no mozzarella on it . 
  that 's your new favorite meal once you taste it . 
  generally ground beef but now that u asked and i googled it . 
  some people actually use lamb aswell . 
  okay , so keyboard smashing dates back to 1860 . 
  this is not actually a pizza . 
  it 's called lahmacun but foreigners insist on calling it turkish pizza . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ezkzjqt.jpg other than that dominos adds kebab on pizza if that counts . 
  article forgets to mention that there has been 1197 artillery strikes on 146 targets ( camps/bases ) . 
  not good . 
  cats are about to take over the whole country . 
  what 's wrong with turkish imams ? 
  they already remove ( or forced to remove ) all the violent and discriminating parts of quran from their speeches . 
  source : i 'm turkish and i 've been in mosque 2-3 times . 
  stop calling us turkey while you are at it . 
  i was talking about russia . 
  turkish opposition actually carry a threat to erdogan like it happened in 2015 elections . 
  they have fake/puppet opposition but overall yeah same shit nevertheless . 
  he is an elected dictator . 
  you 're good to go . . on the other hand i 'll just wait for next elections :( . 
  sultan is a unisex term so there is no such thing as sultana as far as i know , at least not in turkish . 
  it was definitely fun but one thing bothers me that why are turks painted as brown ? 
  i do n't think being brown , white or black does n't mean anything at all but it 's annoying to get percieved something you are n't . 
  extra information : janissaries are christian boys ( slaves ) who converted to islam ( at least to the turkish version of islam ) and they are not really the backbone of the armies in my opinnion . 
  they were more into politics than the actual fighting . 
  sipahis : heavy cavalry units formed only by ethnic turks . 
  freeborn and prefer to marry with ethnic turks ( or it was some sort of law , ca n't remember ) . 
  european sipahis always take the right flank ( when they fall battle would be lost most of the time ) and anatolian sipahis take the left flank . 
  there are no sipahis in arabian pensulia or northern africa because turks conquered those lands but did n't live on it therefore no units to recruit . 
  janissaries and sipahis do n't get along and see each other as competitors and they actually fought with each other and both military units got disbanded . 
  i 'm trying to find more reliable sources on this last one so it could be just wrong . 
  that guy was an idiot but the country itself was pretty rich and strong in that time so some historians thought it 's a great idea to give all the credits to him . 
  his right hand on the other hand was the real renaissance man . 
  fuck . . there is this avarage tab which i did n't take a look at it ( i thought it was female section ) . 
  sorry about that . 
  turkish-pkk conflict in a nutshell . 
  no , you need to import rastafarians first . 
  i guess anatolian parts and princess islands do n't count as istanbul anymore , fucking racist video . 
  european part is so lame and boring as u can see in the video . 
  i 'd suggest isolating the country which is bff with hezbollah but it is already sanctioned by the west , 
  as if quran does n't promote violence . 
  i think majority of the muslims are fine but the islam religion itself is not . 
  w/e she is still better than allah akbar kaboom people with her views so hopefully they stop ruining other muslim majority countries images aswell with their fundamentalism . 
   in turkish , it is commonly called et , like in english but written in turkish letters . 
  yes and it means meat . 
  both european and asian . 
  yes . 
  can confirm these facts . 
  my dick wo n't work and i enjoy betraying . 
  do n't worry , we got your back . 
  it was posted on the most popular turkish platform 10 hours ago . 
  i 'm guessing that it will decrease when other nations find out . 
  we as redditors are officaly rich now , since we know every single intel about what 's going on in that region . 
  you buy her/him/other something instead . 
  there , i fixed it . 
  your welcome . 
  your turn italy . 
  what the fuck, 
  hey hey , its not our fault that we got big clay . 
  those laws are already wrong in many ways . 
  it 's just they are not as humiliating as ` you have to wear x ( you must wear a justin bieber hat or you get jailed ) ' . 
  you can justify drugs , prostitution etc. 
  with lame excuses and people still would n't be happy but telling people what to wear is crazy and should cause outrage . 
  seriously ? 
  that 'd be such a loser club and we do n't even go after turkik union because they suck aswell . 
  eu is too cool to give up . 
  at first eu was christian union and now being european is equal for being christian aswell i guess . 
  greece , bulgaria , georgia are pretty ok . middle east is fucked up . 
  do you think turkey should have good relations with syria , isis , iraq and iran where people get executed for being just gay or not believing in allah ? 
  not to mention they blow the fuck up each other and we already took as many refugees as we can . 
  we do get discrimated because of religion tho . 
  people make great social and cultural analysis with headlines from newspapers and without ever visiting turkey . 
  we love erdogan , we ride camels , we live in desert , we and our government is not secular , we do n't have sex without merriage , is turkey safe ? , do turks drink alcohol , are turks and arabs different ? , turks are not white , turks are religious , turks are not europeans . 
  there i sum 'd reddit 's pov on turks . 
  armenians are called ` millet-i sad\u0131ka ' which means loyal-nation and they were the top class citizens along with jews . 
  you do n't hear these stuff from ordinary turkish or armenian citizens because of the mass-murder events but anyone who is into humanities would know that . 
   there are huge differences because the genocide just refers to one development , whereas you are combining a ton of developments together into a narrative . 
  i have already explained why that 's fundamentally different . 
  so if turks wiped out one armenian city at a time with a period of time , you would n't call it genocide ? 
  i guess you ca n't or just do n't want to empathize or maybe i 'm too stupid to understand your point but nevertheless thanks for discussion . 
  why would they do that ? 
   there were extreme tensions through that time and atrocities were being committed by all sides , but that situation is still fundamentally different from the events that turkey committed against the armenian minority during the first world war . 
  how can you possibly say that as someone who is into history ? 
  do you honestly think some turkish guy come up with ` hey guys u know what we should do ? 
  let 's hunt the best and most loved ethnic group in our country ' ? 
  again i 'm not justifying the genocide but it is literally the same thing with what happened at balkans . 
  some of the turkish cities ( by turkish i mean the ones with 2/3 vast majority turkik population ) have been completely wiped out by the christians .
