  it worked fine with the vikings . 
  apparently he ` resisted ' to the officers so he accidently ( i assume :p ) took some hits while getting arrested . 
  yeah i 'm open minded like that . 
  if turkey does n't have deserts and it snows eveywhere , how can i ride camel with my four wives ( who wear headscarf ) right now ? 
  yeah no wonder the kids freaked out . 
  i 've been in mersin and it was so fucking hot i could n't leave my aunt 's house during my entire trip . 
  i would n't be surprised if they have never seen snow before . 
  great food but fuck the climate . 
  this whole issue is only discussed on the international platforms like this . 
  in reality no turkish person claims to be asian or european whatsoever . 
  turkish people are only divided in between secular/muslim right now . 
  pretty much every brand has croissant products ( uno , ulker , bizim etc. ), 
  i think people called it ay\u00e7\u00f6re\u011fi back then . 
   how long can average turk trace his ancestry ? 
  3-4 generations except for some families such as koprulu etc. 
  however they are not ethnically turkish so i do n't know really . 
  european side of the istanbul is the biggest factor why akp has the majority of the total votes so you have no clue what you 're talking about . 
  wtf is milli gazete haha . 
  i read newspapers since 90s and i just heard about it in here . 
  the state cleric and unoffical clerics all agreed to the fact that there is no difference in between attacking a night club or a mosque . 
  we are super mad at erdogan and the government but this article is just insane since erdogan himself visits these night clubs . 
   still islam i dont think any nation ( as a whole ) would change religion in modern times . 
  at best the atheist population become majority and religions decline . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are violent islamists in turkey but isis is like the source of evil that keeps feeding these mentally ill human beings . 
  it motivates them to act therefore it has to be stopped . 
  think about it like this ; there are probably millions of nazis all arround the world but there is no force/organization/state / whatever to render them effective . 
  well . . at least no more . 
  i wonder what exactly has to happen to convince our piece of shit government to invade raqqa and remove these worst fucking human beings in the entire human history ( including nazis ) from the face of the earth . 
  we can no longer deny the fact that we are at war . 
  chp has been fighting with islamic cults like gulen for nearly 100 years . 
  is this internet or social media usage ? 
  no fucking way 30 percent of the young people do n't use internet on turkey and 20 percent on usa . 
  my three years old nephew watches cartoons on youtube all by himself . 
   tries to enter legally not slipping 30 dolars into officers pocket * ftfy, 
  100 percent gets killed . 
  i just hope someone convince her to not cross the border . 
  that actually true . 
  they were making double dates with syrian president/first lady and he refered esat as his bro . 
   o you 're telling me even if another party wins the elections , he will still be turkey 's leader ? 
  no not really . 
  if chp ( 2nd biggest party and main opposition ) wins the elections erdogan will just serve tea to the foreign guests and probably has a monthly budget as 0.33 euro ( equal to 1 turkish lira ) . 
   does television stations said that in turkey ? 
  non of them ( except 1 out of 250 lol ) . 
  it would cause outrage if the video turns out to be fake . 
  knowing that what kind of country turkey has become , you may get charged for promoting isis/terrorism for making that news lol . 
  i would say my favorite district is kadik\u00f6y . 
  this is how the streets look like even in 2-3 am . 
  black sea is green as fuck but no good for swimming i 'd say . 
  it always rains and shit . 
  agean and mediterranean coasts are great tho . 
  shittiest part of the city . 
  i honestly do n't see what tourists find in that area . 
   americans are an anglo people regardless no . 
  there are vegetarians and shit tho . 
  i personally think dolma is the most advanced invention in the human history . 
  turkish words are n't supposed to end with b c d g but it is a foreign noun so it very well may be your version . 
  different ones ; english | language : -- | : -- athens | atina belgrade | belgrad brussels | br\u00fcksel bucharest | b\u00fckre\u015f budapest | budape\u015fte chisinau | ki\u015finev copenhagen | kopenak lisbon | lizbon ljubljana | l\u00fcbliyana london | londra luxembourg | l\u00fcksemburg monaco | monako moscow | moskova nicosia | lefko\u015fa prague | prag pristina | pri\u015ftine rome | roma sarajevo | saraybosna skopje | \u00dcsk\u00fcp sofia | sofya tbilisi | tiflis tirana | tiran vienna | viyana warsaw | var\u015fova yerevan | erivan, 
   shooter speaks turkish but clearly has an accent . 
  no dude he is just yelling as hard as he can . 
  his accent is nearly perfect . 
  listen carefully again he spells everything correctly . 
  not to mention his arabic sounds like how turkish people pronounce arabic words . 
  he speaks turkish without accent tho . . 
  you 're like 100 percent correct but when i look at the foreign people in my country they quickly become one of us . 
  name it african , american , european or asian . 
  i personally know lots of koreans who come to work with our tourism agency quickly catch up with pretty much all the turkish stereotypes . 
  now my dad has a korean associate who even tried to bribe the police with the phrase ` corba olmaz m\u0131 ? ', 
  muslims that support him * . 
  he was praying for american soliders and trying to convince the parliament to attack iraq with usa/uk . 
  their target audience is okay with this assuming they get 40-50 percent of the total votes for more than 10 years . 
  i do n't blame these akp politicians tho they just represent '' that '' part of the country . 
  that sounds crazy but as far as i know thats how mit worked in turkey before erdogan . 
  tho they had a different mission ( to stop spreading radical views ) . 
  austria i 'm gon na need you to to embrace the islam and fuck free press . 
  did you even watch the footages from last explosion ? 
  they literally walked into suicide bomber and tried to convince him/her . 
  scumbag blew everything up . 
  why would you ask that ? 
  i do n't like erdogan myself like half of the country . 
  i think it is wrong to associate all the arabs with islamism/radicalism . 
  we had a 1 or 2 percent arab miniority before the syrians came and they never caused any problems . 
  not sure if it 's correct but my aunt moved to hatay district and she claims those people to be very secular and open minded . 
  now these syrian refugees may get integrated aswell like the ones we already have . 
  other than that even if they are secular or muslim they would be okay because both groups already exist in turkey . 
  therefore argueing if one does culturally fit or not is stupid . 
  literally everyone in the world is welcome to turkey . 
  kinda . . at least compared to comments like how we deserved the attack ( even tho erdogan gets less than 15 percent of the total votes in that district ), 
  it actually broke my heart to see people who justify this attack . 
  i nearly shed a tear after reading her tweets . 
  correct but he 'll try putin tactic i believe . 
  foreign powers hold us back bla bla . 
  he is probably talking about the voter base of mhp , not the current leadership who licks erodagan 's ass to get rid off the opposition within mhp . 
  those schools have 1 million students out of 20 tho . 
  no , that 's not happening . 
  we have pretty much everything but energy . . russia , iran etc. 
  are our biggest gas/oil suppliers . 
   yeah , that is n't going to happen unless they are zealously patriotic . 
  ironically the biggest foreign currency holding cities are akp strongholds in the central anatolia . 
  yes , people are talking about a big economic crisis for a month now . 
  even the government officals started to do so . .
