  it was actually the same in turkey untill erdogan . 
  people used to insult ozal , demirel , sezer and gul . 
  turgut ozal was referred as ` fatty of cankaya ' when he was president . 
  not really . . 60 percent of the parliament is opposition . 
  if turkish nationalists ( mhp ) and kurdish nationalists ( hdp ) could get along or at least support support the main opposition ( chp ) erdogan was now in jail . 
  aight may be not now but in 2019 . both parties get along with chp but they say they wouldnt support chp if hdp or mhp supports them lmao . 
  not sure if its a parliament or a kindergarden . 
  why not both ? 
  assuming u think the article is very well written u are clueless about turkish politics . 
  akp had 50 percent of the votes when he got all the kurdish votes from the area since kurdish populated areas are the most conservative parts of turkey with all the honor killings , blood feud , dress code ( u cant really show any clevage or wear bikini and expect to survive in that region ) , arranged merriages and many other stuff . 
  right now akp lost more than half of the kurdish votes and dropped to the 40 percent . 
  if he wants to push hdp bellow threshold he should go for kurdish votes not nationalist votes as the article claims . 
  nationalists get 15 percent of the votes and they hate erdogan . 
  no fucking way he steals more than 5 percent to push mhp under the threshold and take 80 more representitives . 
  fnsv is also as clueless as yourself about turkey thinking its 3rd world country when any variable ( such as police brutality , poverty line percentage , power abuse ) he mentions isnt any worse than usa , china or russia . 
   if the police does n't get away with murder , then what about ahmet \u015eahbaz , who murdered ethem sar\u0131s\u00fcl\u00fck and was not sentenced ? 
  he got sentenced for 7 years 9 months and 10 days . 
  he is still on trial for further investigations to add up more witnesses , possibly adding up more years . 
   she must be one of the lucky few who did n't get raped in the station then . 
  or `` disappeared '' or beaten up , like this guy : http://webtv.radikal.com.tr/turkiye/2355/karakoldaki-dehset-kameralara-yansidi.aspx i could post like hundreds of videos ( with more brutal footage ) like this from any country u wish . 
  lmao is that supposed to proove anything ? 
  its not like they murder this guy or anything he even slaps a police officer and end up getting slapped back 4-5 times and it says all 7 police officers are charged at the end of video . 
  in the last 8 years 180 people died of police brutality in turkey while 940 people killed by police in usa just this year . 
  probably surpasses 1k at the end of year . 
   this is a great argument too . 
  if it 's so basic , then please enlighten us on how crime rates , election results ( you know , the ones that are known to be rigged . . by cats ? ), 
  and an education system that enables little girls to wear a headscarf as young as 7 disproves any of the things that i just said . 
  crime rate is bellow avarage . 
  people arent scared to walk in the streets or anything . 
  may be except for south east for obvious reasons . 
  akp got 40 percent last election and if its rigged as u claim that means you belie yourself since u exactly typed '' one in two would willingly hand their future to erdogan '' . 
  assuming they wouldnt even get 40 percent and not all of them are fanatics . 
  about headscarf thing , its called freedom of religion . 
  people have the basic right to wear anything they like or not wear anything at all . 
  no doubt u live in a different country or ever leave your house lmao . 
  the police doesnt get away with murder , in worst case they get charged for like 10 years . 
  hell they cant even shoot terrorists without detecting them with a gun aiming at you . 
  there are like hundreds of footages about it . 
  just a month ago a girl slapped a police officer in a police station and nothing happened . 
  imagine that happens in nypd . 
  i 'm not saying its as good as uk police but definitely not on the standars with any 3rd world country . 
  definitely not worse than usa . 
  turkey isnt the only country to have coups and uprising . 
  every country had that when they adopted democracy with a few exceptions . 
   muslims torch buildings as they like , women ca n't be safe on the streets , kids are taught arabic at school for political purposes , one in two would willingly hand their future to erdogan . 
  maybe it should burn . 
  a basic research on crime rates , election results and education system would show you how stupid you sound . 
  by that logic russia and china are 10 times worse than us . 
  not to mention that all turkik republics are pretty much in russia squad except for turkey . 
  tho its a pretty dumb move to support kurds conquer all the north of syria and then complain about refugees fleeing from isis , fsa , assad and ypg . 
  non of these guys are good . 
  its also freaking retarded of us to support fsa . 
  such a fail foreign policy . 
  these guys are as awful as erdogan 's akp tho . 
  they had an alliance with akp for like 10 years and its some sort of religious cult . 
  they imprisoned hundreds of journalists , opinion leaders , high-ranked officers and many others that i ca n't even remember . 
  some of the imprisoned people suicide , got cancer and died in a horrible way . 
  u should have seen all the tears and emotions when they were released and got back to their family . 
  i mean if this happened to hurriyet or cumhuriyet things would get really really messy arround here but these guys are plain assholes . 
  i was gon na say greece . 
  u broke my heart now . 
  i do n't think the idea of creating a refugee city or a buffer zone with billions of euros and insane amount of resources like workforce , time , construction vehicles , supplies , security and many other things just to protect 20k islamist lunatics with ak-47s . 
  do n't get me wrong i think akp 's foreign policy is just awful and probably worst of all time but i liked this project . 
  con confirm . 
  there are like 33 different ethnicity in turkey and we all call ourselves turk . 
  we are n't as religious as u might think tho . 
  as far as i know selim the second who is known as a heavy drinker conquered the cyprus just because he liked their vine . 
  there is a rumour about how they died . 
  when police forces spotted a suspected isis militant arround a mosque they followed him and surrounded the house they live in . 
  when they decide to take action a booby trap activated and 2 police died . 
  rip . 
  uhm like 2 weeks ago or something pretty much all political leaders were on some tv channel and he got the highest ratings and pretty much everyone thinks he is a reasonable guy , even akp 's prime minister davutoglu said so . 
  he gets along with pretty much all political parties and their leaders but he still gets 25 percent of the total votes while akp gets 40 percent . 
  akp voters think that he is too soft and vulnurable ( they think western countries hate and destroy us ) . 
  i 've been in greece and thrace ( european part of turkey and bulgaria i guess ? ) . 
  great cuisine and they have really nice meze for our raki . 
  greek people are pretty friendly and i 'm suprised that our foods are so smilar i now know why we fight over which food 's origin belong to one or another . 
  probably . 
  he says it 's turkey 's and other western countries fault to make the war bigger in syria and cause syrian people to flee their countries . 
  tho he doesnt support assad or oppostion groups in syria , he just wants syrian people to go back to their country and live in peace with or without assad . 
  this guy is pretty nice tho he would n't even hurt a fly . 
  i doubt he ever intend to manipulate german people or even hold them accountable for nazi germany . 
  it is common in the eastern part of turkey along with honor killings , moral killings , blood feud , arranging marriages when u were only a baby and all that fucked up stuff . 
  its still a part of turkey but its not the turks and as far as i know they want to secede anyway . 
  no possible way unless he makes a deal with kurds since chp or mhp would never abandon secularism . 
  such a deal would be like ` here , take your autonomy but make me president and help me change the constitution '' . 
  no difference in reality but according to the comments in r/europe yeah we marry our close relatives , marriages are arranged and this happens all over the turkey except for kurdish populated arreas because they are proggresive and its totally not the other way around . 
  oh and we support lannisters . 
  turkish marriage tv programs right now : http://imgur.com/vdjbpnz, 
  that 's incorrect . 
  i saw lots of refugees do work and go to school , just not all ( 2 millions ) of them . 
  every time i 'm like ; before elections ; - chp baby , here we come baby . 
  after elections ; - chp they said , 30 percent they said :( . . 
  he would n't dare . 
  tho his minnions pick on hurriyet all the time but nobody cares or even knows them . 
  basically every single thing you typed is incorrect . 
  greek cypiots tried to ethnically cleanese turks like it happened to 2 millions of turks in balkans ( which is totally not a genocide at all because u guys are angels while turks are evil ) and they failed . 
  i think pretty much every sane person would think that greek cypriots shouldnt have slaughter turks , they shouldnt have military coup to eredicate to turks and greece shouldnt have send its military in the first place . 
  greek and turkish cypriots are exchanged not massacred after turkish interfere . 
  its not a wrong thing to say but i do n't think its sane to imply greece is richer than china when 200 chinese billionaires alone are 4 times richer than whole greece country itself .
