  oh its not that bad . 
  no need for a coup or anything . 
  akp talks bullshit all the time but made 0 laws based on quran or islam . 
  plus they won the elections by playing the victim anyway . 
  coups were mistake and pretty much the reason why we have akp today . 
  sorry , i didnt really get it . \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  his intentions are clear for us but he is not going to get there . 
  he cant even get 276 representatives for his akp to form a government . 
  he needs akp to win 330 seats to become sultan . 
  its beyond impossible . 
  president has no power in turkey its some sort of figure thing . 
  prime minister is the main guy/girl . 
  interim election government . 
  11 ministries for akp and 11 for opposition but chp and mhp rejected to join because akp was gon na say ` see everything went shitty when we formed a coalition , we need to be in power w/o coalition ' . 
  so there is no legitimate boss arround here atm . 
  we are goin for elections this sunday again but the results will be smilar . 
  for more info ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_interim_election_government_of_turkey, 
  are you sure ? 
  we took down erdogan 's presidential system dreams , pushed his akp to 250ish mp from 330 by making kurdish miniority party to surpass 10 percent threshold and formed an organization called oy ve gonulluleri which prevents voting fraud all around turkey . 
  erdogan is nothing but a figure of head right now . 
  why should kurds conquer and ethnically cleanese syria for a bigger kurdistan ? 
  if u support the idea then take the 5 fucking millions of refugees in your country since we shouldnt have a say about syrian policy then we shouldnt take any refugees or at least not 3 millions . 
  u either help us make refugee cities in north syria or let the kurds conquer it and send the majority of the people from that region to europe . 
  it 's ok , i didnt downvote you or anything but u are mistaken about our government because we dont have a government right now . 
  erdogan 's akp lost like arround 100 members of parliament in the last election and they have to form a coalition with opposition parties now or let us ( chp ) do it . 
  i doubt that . 
  the military stopped 200k people from crossing our border in 10 months , shoot down some isis members when they were n't allowed to pass through . 
  also stopped some mit trucks with guns which aims to support fsa . 
  there will be also a ground operation against isis for creating a refugee cities in syrian-turkish border hence why we support fsa to remove isis from that area instead of risking our own soliders . 
  i think republicans in usa do the same thing because holywood and mainstream media is considered as liberal . 
  for those who fears for the future of turkish republic . 
  fear not , erdogan is done . 
  60 percent of the parliament is occupied by the oppposition parties right now and its not going to change this sunday . 
  akp had 363 representatives out of 550 in 2002 341 in 2007 327 in 2011 258 in 2015 u need to have 276 representatives to form a government and 330 to change the constitution and bring presidential system which seems beyond impossible right now . 
  no way . 
  if any political party member gets arrested , expect to see an army of journalists , party members , lawyers and citizens on that police station . 
  oh wow that was embarrassing . . my apologies . 
  aight i 'll inform the officals and let them know that u/verylateish didnt find your law enforcement actions exciting so you can release them back . 
  what else can we do to gain your trust kind sir ? 
  i think its more like . . lets say a planned murder is charged with from 20 years to 25 years . 
  u kill 4 people and then u are sentenced for 80 or 100 years . 
  because i remember a high ranked military officer was sentenced for 93 years ( 2 lifetimes ) during ergenekon trials . 
  got a beard and talking in a foreign language ? 
  we got him boys !, 
  your welcome . 
  it 's harsh in the paper , not in the action . 
  turkish soliders detect groups of pkk terrorists nearly everynight with thermal cameras and artilleries , missies and drones aimed at them . 
  but they let them go all the time . 
  they are n't authorized to shoot them down but its not like they will be in trouble for shooting down a terrorist . 
  unlike the hateful speech on the internet , in reality its not an easy thing to take a persons life . 
  there are like dozens of videos about terrorists are being let go or pkk releasing soliders without harming them . 
  an example would be to support my statement ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hijzda6ltuw a kurdish girl who happens to be a pkk member telling her story to her friends . 
  she says a solider caught me under a rock and they stare at each other but he told his commander ` it 's clear , there is noone here ' and walked back . 
  and then she says he was so handsome zomg , i 'm in love blabla etc. 
   and he was released after 2 months . 
  i guess that was too complicated for your renowned basic research . 
  charges are n't dropped . 
  the court decided that his life is in danger and moved it to the aksaray court . 
  he is still on trial . 
   usa is by no means an example of a good police force . 
  yeah and they are definitely not a 3rd world country . 
  so police brutality is not an element for defining a 3rd world country . 
   keep blaming the kurds for everything that 's wrong , and if you are so brave , take your girlfriend for a walk at 3am on the streets of \u0130stanbul , or ankara or \u0130zmir . 
  see if she makes it out without feeling scared . 
  i do n't think i 'm a brave person but we are in kadikoy/atasehir at 3 am on weekends along with half million people . 
  pm me and i buy you a cup of beer when u visit turkey . 
    you should 've said this in the very beginning . 
  had i known that you were an islamic nationalist i would n't even have bothered arguing with you . 
  i 'm an atheist and i vote for chp . 
  i would call myself a democrat or liberal since i 'm not an asshole to call people what to wear or not . 
  its not up to me or anyone to judge people and their clothes , faith or ideology . 
  i searched for this but this law and punishment stuff are so complicated with dozens of smilar issues with different consequences , my mind has blown away . 
  i found some answers but could be wrong , u better ask someone else . 
  ok so ; if u are a terror organisation member but did n't do anything wrong and surrendered to the officals . 
  according to some sort of ` regretting law ' u are free to go , no charges . 
  if u are a terror organisation member and did n't do anything wrong but got caught by security forces . 
  u are charged for lifetime . 
  if u are a terror organisation member and commited a crime or an offense and got caught . 
  u are charged for lifetime plus each criminal activities you have been in . 
  now i see why some people get sentenced for 30 lifetimes . 
  uhm . . there are these religious schools which supposed to trains imams but they still take all the lessons like normal schools so they can still go to any collage they like and choose any profession . 
  except for military . . that and if a military officer have a connection with a religious group he is forced to retire very soon . 
  there is no such a thing as erdogan-loyalist . 
  it 's a benefit thing . 
  its true but they trust chp . 
  and the voterbase of both parties get along . 
  not to mention chp voters voted for hdp to surpass the 10 percent thresehold . 
  not really . 
  akp was pretty good during 2002-2007 era and islamist are miniority in akp to be honest . 
  80 percent of the akp voters still favour secularism over islamic law . 
  so as long as economy is good people dont care who is in power . 
  no possible way for coups because islamists arent allowed in turkish military ( another new weird thing u learn about turkey ) . 
  tho i dont think erdogan will be jailed because they won the elections by playing the victim because center-right prime minister menderes was hanged in 1960 . we wo n't make the same mistake again . 
  i 'm not really a law guy or anything but as far as i know or heard from news they are charged for lifetime . 
  i remember last year bunch a couple of pkk terorrists were sentenced for 30 lifetimes ( no clue dafuq does that mean ) . 
  nationalists hate arabs because they stabbed us in the back during ww1 . 
  democrats or liberals dislike arabs because of sharia law and they probably wouldnt feel comfortable wearing what they wear in turkey . 
  haf of the islamists dislike arabs because they think arab countries have good relations with usa but the other half likes them because they are their religion-buddies . 
  on the other hand every single turk name it atheist or islamist would love to travel to europe for a week whenever they had the time or chance . 
  not to mention greek islands and turkish beaches are so close we visit each other daily without visa during summer-season ( tho its obviosly illegal , dont tell anyone ) .
