   well if it 's a fact you should be able to back it up with evidence , so when you get it i would love to see it . 
  i 'm pretty sure it is illegeal to list people based on what they wear ( or based on anything other than population count ) . 
   no . . it does n't . 
  there are more people who are already married than are getting married there are also more divorced people who are already getting divorced aswell . 
  seriously how can you think that one sided ? 
  as for the rest feel free to believe what you will but these are all incorrect and it is a fact . 
   that 's not a lot at all ? 
  what does that have to do with anything , if anything that validates the data it means 1/4 of merriages end up with divorce in a single year . 
  the numbers go up in first 5 and 10 years . 
   that just means the people they poll are full of shit , it just means they are liars and hypocrites ( like most religiously conservative people ) why would they lie ? 
  are n't they anonymous ? 
   been to istanbul and izmir , i would n't laugh my ass off , seems accurate so you do think there are 6 million isis sympathizers in turkey ( 200 times bigger than the actual isis ) . 
  you do think we wait 27 years to have sex . 
  90 percent of turkish people hate gays but at the same time we hold the biggest lgbt pride rally in se europe without fearing that they are outnumbered 1 to 10 . when you come to istanbul and izmir you observed half of the girls wear headscarf ? 
  i do n't mean no offense but i think you are full of shit . 
  pewresearch also suggested that 90 percent of turkish people find divorce as unacceptable while in reality 150k people divorce each year while 600k people marry . 
  they claim a lot of bullshit like 95 percent of the turkish people do not have sex without merriage and shit like that . 
  anyone who lives or even visited turkey for short time would laugh their asses off to these claims . 
  no , akp wins the istanbul because of the european side . 
  there are 500k + populated disctricts in european side where akp gets 50 percent in some of them while chp stucks in 30 percent . 
  are these kind of disctricts and they are x2 to x5 bigger than chp majority districts in european side of istanbul . 
  as for asian side the most populated districts are chp majority except for uskudar ( which is even right now ) and umraniye . 
  ah where to begin . . i will just skip some translation errors such as ` i 'd beat that him ' , ` i 'd kick punch guy ' because as stupid as they sound you still understand the reaction . 
  i 'll also ignore the mistakes such as translating ' i can share it ' as ` i 'm ready to share it ' because there is no loss in meaning . 
  however . . the main purpose of these videos to collect the positive and negative reactions and then jump to a conclusion . 
  this is a negative comment but the uploader distorts the reaction as a positive one . 
  that phrase is used after something bad or unwanted event to comfort a person but instead they translated as ` have fun with your life ' which is a positive or at least a supportive saying . 
  i personally would translate that phrase as ` i 'd say accidents will happen . . there is nothing to be done ' so viewers could see that she is frustrated about it instead of being completely okay with it and wishes him to enjoy his life . 
  edit : i decided to edit it in here instead of replying to two people who asked the same question . 
  ` sa\u011fl\u0131k olsun ' itself is not a negative phrase as i stated above '' it is used ** after ** something bad happened ' and it is used to comfort someone since you wish good health for him/her . 
  like let 's say you earned to be in the bogazici university ( or whichever is the best right now ) ; u/forknee or u/mrdexie : hey mom/dad i won the lys or whatever the hell its called and i 'm going for bogazici . 
  i 'm so happy for you . . i mean . . really . . is that how would they react ? 
  the correct way to use this phrase is that if you fail those exams , your mom or dad would say sagl\u0131k olsun . 
  asian side is all about that red part . 
  as for the rest of the disctricts in asia , the election results are very close . 
  uskudar for example is 45 percent vs 43 percent . 
   european istanbul is on par with izmir and asian istanbul lags slightly behind bullshit , its the exact opposite . 
  that translation haha . 
  there is no reason to include them to be honest . 
  they are completely in asia , just like cyprus . 
  it also says 99 percent of the turks believe in god which is bullshit . 
  i know . 
  the greeks in turkey called themselves rum . 
  we still call rum to the cypriots actually . 
  byzantine empire was also known as eastern roman empire no ? 
  i still get your point tho the language , religions etc. 
  were different in byzantium than roman empire . 
  1v10 not fair . 
  i do n't see what is so wrong about learning the history of the lands you live in right now . 
  smoking with coffee is great but have you ever tried cay + sigara ? 
  i always knew that we are a tea nation but we are not even in the top 100 ? 
  what the bitch . . 
  http://ia.tmgrup.com.tr/a6f0c4/645/344/0/80/800/507?u=http://i.tmgrup.com.tr/dailysabah/2016/06/20/1466415693225.jpg they are not praising him because he fucks men lol . 
  he is just a great singer and a person , being gay has nothing to do with his fan base . 
  everyone loves zeki muren because of his art and personality . 
  fyi ; being lgbt considered as sickness in 90s ( even for the western part of the country ) . 
  after 2000s ( under the rule of erdogan ) people started to openly present themselves as lgbt and even organized big events including the biggest one in se europe . 
  now i 'm not saying erdogan encouraged people to be gay but you are implying that he made gay-loving turks to gay haters . 
  cut the crap seriously . 
  this has got ta be the top bullshit post in reddit . 
  millions of turks supported lgbt rights in 90s and earlier ? 
  lmao i 'm not even going to leave a serious comment here . 
  yeah but pontus and cypriots are called rum . 
  that 's him . 
  oh he is harmless . 
  he will just make a few more transformers or dinosaur statues and get it over with it . 
  nearly all of those parties with red colour are either communists or nationalists except chp and few others . 
  he barely won the last elections and possibly cheated aswell since the minister of interior got involved in counting . 
  it 's terrible in general but at the same time good enough to get laid 8 ) . 
  oh that was n't me , i vote for chp with no regrets . 
  chp as a party is fine but we need a frank underwood to deal with erdogan . 
  turkey and all the other turkic countries are barely muslim by definition or way of life . 
  same goes for muslims in the balkans who got introduced to islam by the turks . 
  i do n't see how turkey being in eu block would harm europeans in anyway . 
  religion does n't take part in daily life ( at all ) and imams are well controled to not piss anyone off or radicalize the people . 
  because they are not allowed to talk about anything other than what diyanet orders them . 
  i think that there is an image problem mainly due to the current government . 
  my college has a nice erasmus program and my dad has a tourism agency and i have n't seen any erasmus student or tourist who claims turkey to be religious muslim country . 
  the feedback is always amazing and makes me proud of my country and people . 
  but when i go online and see these articles even i 'm confused sometimes . 
  well you have cyprus . 
  i 'd say the people of the agean cost ( which is completely in asian continent ) are more progressive and secular ( i think thats what people imply about being european ) than the ones in the european part of turkey . 
  well , except for some districts of istanbul . 
  i wonder how many of them are well-educated . . i thought syria had a shitty education system . 
  i 'm sure it happened with pirates and stuff but ` rape ' was no state policy . 
  half of the country was non-muslim and they lived together for many generations . 
  they married with each other which is why turks in anatolia does n't look like the ones in central asia . 
   outside of rape and secret romances which certainly happened  conversion from islam to christianity was forbidden yeah we are literally isis but you preserved your culture for centuries because we were too scared of united nations human rights counsil back then . 
  roasted chestnut . 
  i 'm not sure if it exists in summer but in winter they 're everywhere on the streets . 
  that reaction lmao . 
  well at least we still keep the thrace , istanbul and agean cost therefore fucks given = zero . 
   fundamentalist sharia supporter movements '' . 
  excuse my ignorance , can you name some them ? 
  in turkey we only know one group like that and that is called cemaat of fetullah gulen . 
  akp without erdogan is absolutely nothing . 
  we have seen it before , these types of parties will just disband theirselves after they lose an election . 
  examples would be ; dp , anap , dyp , rp etc. 
  it probably would n't flip in the first place if that dumb journalist have n't tried to operate a fucking military equipment with his bare hands . 
  antalya is already 1/3 russian .
