  as much as i hate erdogan i do n't see how erdogan being the bad guy in this conflict . 
  our allies are arming the enemies of the turkish state , tell us to take refugees even when we got no obligations to do so unlike others ( turkey is the only country with geographical restrictions on refugee convention of geneva ) , tell us to keep the refugees and stop them from reaching to europe and lastly refuse the idea of creating refugee cities inside isis held territory . 
  honestly what should erdogan do ? 
  i did n't mean to imply that you wo n't survive w/o turkey or anything like that . 
  sure you will but your argument is kinda pointless . 
  usa is a superpower and both uk and france spend less than % 10 of usa 's military spending so you do n't really need anyone to survive . 
  its just politics are not all about surviving . 
  paying higher salaries to the soliders and pensioners probably does n't make them stronger . 
  turkey has a conscription system and military spending is mostly on technological stuff and r & d. even with spending % 1.4 of its gdp and no salary to the military units ( except officers ofc ) turkey still has the 5th highest military spending in nato . 
  there is nothing to spin on this matter . 
  i do n't think any sane person would try to justify this . 
  people simply do n't care about this stuff . 
  as long as the economy is ok , people would n't mind him eating babies for breakfast . 
  sad but true . .  i get that he allowed hijabs and praying at work . 
  he did n't even do that like economical reforms but he got all the credits for it . 
  he made small changes but governmental organisations are very small miniority for total worker population . 
  for example my collage never had that hijab ban ( even tho its a secular one like nearly all others ) and its still up to my collage to choose if they wan na ban it or not , government has no say in it . 
  same thing applies to any company aswell and there are still shitton of companies who does n't allow workers with hijab . 
  its just people thought it was an undemocratic thing to do but in the end erdogan got all the credits . 
  well ottomans were pro-lgbt aswell . 
  possibly the most pro-lgbt state in their time . 
  he is not homophobic . 
  yes , you ( and pretty much rest of the world ) are highly misinformed about turkey but the blame is not on you . 
  its our fault that our public diplomacy sucks and we really ca n't present ourselves to the rest of the world . 
  burqa was never really a thing in turkey . 
  about 30-40 percent ( different polls give different numbers ) of the women use headscarves and nearly noone uses burqa . 
  for example ; * according to the turkish economic and social studies foundation , 33 % of women wear the headscarf or hijab in turkey however most of them wear a cultural headscarf which is not a symbol of islam and is used by women in small villages that work under the sun to protect themselves from the sun . 
  while i think every single person and their opinnion matters , i do n't think turkish women who wear burqa would be a huge problem when they make % 0,5 of total turkish population . 
  i think there are more muslim women in uk who wears burqa than turkey . 
  is uk not okay with france ? 
  we live in a global world , i do n't buy this cultures ca n't get along thing when i see people with headscarves and miniskirts become the best friends even inside the most conservative cities in turkey . 
  every culture is unique in their own way and i do n't see how turkey does n't fit in european union when they abolished an islamic state and replace it with a modern republic based on european ideals and way of life . 
  its only natural for people to question that why are we becoming like them when they hate us so much especially for the conservative people all around the world . 
  except universities have nothing to do with governing the country and ' a dress code for nation ' was never really a thing in ataturk 's era . 
  he had people with headscarves arround him . 
  how come turkey is far away from eu standarts when you have bulgaria , romania , poland etc ? 
  how can turkey possibly fulfill criterias when chapters are blocked by several countries . 
  just admit that its not a european union but a christian one . 
  erdogan is the direct result of eu policy . 
  if you single out a nation of course they will change their direction . 
  if i were to be a president of turkey as a liberal person and an atheist , i would have done the same thing with erdogan and look for allies in the asia . 
  i 'd even withdraw our accession if they hate us so much and live in the past . 
  turkey has been pro-west for nearly a hundred years and all we get is lame excuses while countries like germany , spain , greece etc. 
  do the exact same shit we do . 
  thats not really a democratic thing to do tho . 
  people should be able to wear whatever they want . 
   gdp of $ 300bn thats actually only istanbul , not the whole european part . 
  he was acccused of being like that but i do n't think someone who oppose ataturk would praise him multiple times a year . 
  he is just not as much pro-ataturk as opposition parties . 
  probably not that hardcore obsession level but yeah military still does n't accept students from religious schools and kicks people out who openly practice islam or have any relations with religious organisations . 
  akp would be the least pro-ataturk party after kurdish party hdp but they are still ok with ataturk . 
  this is erdogan 's room for example ; http://i.imgur.com/vmf3v0d.jpg, 
  could be also something to do with ataturk . 
  he is kinda worshipped in here . 
  there were even questions like ` do you like ataturk more or muhammed the prophet ' in military schools . 
  if u mark the the muhammed u fail the exam . 
   and after he made the recording for submission to a lawyer , she reportedly filed a divorce lawsuit against him . 
  good for her . 
  i hope her retarded husband dies alone . 
  same thing happened to everyone . 
  do you think nations changed their religion because it made sense to them ? 
  come now , we ca n't be the only country with a president who does n't drink . 
  even if its the case he is not like that iranian mullah . . erdogan even visits bars and night clubs . 
  when did turkey became iran ? 
  we do drink wine , however raki is a superior drink than wine ( well . . maybe except for cabernet sauvignon for my personal taste ) so we usually go for raki . 
  uhmm ... ... . sorry ... ... friends ? 
  a broken clock . 
  i 'll still vote for this guy but i 'm curious about how will they handle the foreign policy . 
  he just repeats the same shit ; ` we 'll bring peace to syria and send refugees back ' . 
  yea thats great but how will you do that ? 
  cooperate with assad ? 
  cooperate with rebels ? 
  cooperate with russians ? 
  they technically doubled their presence , didnt they ? 
  you 're my fav . 
   we ca n't do anything about them violating our sovereignty thats not true . 
  your country tells nato troops what to do , not the other way around . 
  well i kinda agree because all russia do is violate our airspace , bomb villages , send millions of refugees who do n't fit in our society , actively aid the enemies of the turkish state and threatens to nuke our capital . 
  in return we set more soliders to guard our border and consider making a safe zone on isis-held area in syria for syrian refugees in turkey and europe . 
  these evil turks . . 
  luxembourg said they would n't aid turkey if turkey provokes russia or something , not sure if this news confirmed tho i only saw it on scw sub . 
  split in two . 
  clearly estonia . 
  you should let russia do anything ( literally ) they want or no support from nato . 
  - some minister guy from a town-size country . 
  no need excuse ; stop genociding kurds no safe zone take refugees who flee from syria keep the refugees in turkey and stop them from coming to europe . 
  - sincerely , an avarage redditor . 
  its pretty clear that this safe zone policy is not going to work when everyone warns you not do it . 
  just let them do w/e they like this time and deport every single refugee in turkey to the humanist and ultra-democrat angelic beings in syria and europe . 
  exactly my thoughts , its just they should have make it smaller and spend less money . 
  yea but you do n't really hear from akp trolls in here . 
  when they lose an argument they always come up with ` but they build roads ' and this funny defence became popular on turkish platforms but its the first time i see it in here . 
  kinda off topic but i got very curious after seeing your flair . 
  are u turkish or lived in turkey ? 
  if not how come you know that meme ? 
  i was just a child in 90s and never seen 80s but you can see even the most hardcore anti-erdogan people do n't compare current turkish administrations to the past ones . 
  its a long story with lots of fucked up stuff . 
  i never voted for this guy anyway , i disliked him since the very beginning but i do n't see how we get rid of him when turkish economy grow so much in the last 10 years , especially after decades long economic crises . 
  yes , i did n't go for most of the events you mentioned but come now this aggresive tone is not going to solve anything . 
  i do n't see any other protests being sucessful other than gezi because majority of these protests are done by stereotypical left wing students who are famous for acting unreasonable , agressive and scream the very second they sight the police .
