  i would n't be surprised if two turkish ships crash ( by totaly accident ofc ) in the entrance of straits . 
  youtube and twitter are usually banned on political issues . 
  some states requested twitter to delete some contents and they removed it . 
  while twitter ignored turkey 's requests for quite some time but when turkey finally shut it down they now remove any content turkish state requests . 
  and yes i do think its stupid as fuck . 
  instead of banning these sites just work on your public diplomacy in the first place so you wouldnt have a shitty image . 
  in english ; http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/explosion-occurs-near-istanbuls-bayrampasa-metro-station-one-injured.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=91946&amp;newscatid=341, 
  ** more than half ** of turkey did n't want erdogan or akp neither but here we are . 
  oh btw i read the exact same comments here with turkish publicsphere . 
  who comes next ? 
  who can be trusted ? 
  other parties lack canditate etc. 
  correct but i doubt 94 percent of the people take ` abdest ' since mosques are completely empty except fridays . 
  not really . . there is this article which prooves the case written by the some guy from the other side of the earth . 
  its all documanted because an isis commander told him so . 
  oh and lets not forget the senior officals who doesnt want to give their names . 
  turkey is only the 18th largest economy , they need isis oil so badly . 
  that and russia bombs turkmen districts . 
  refugee cities are not planned to be establish on rojava . 
  you are being extremely ignorant and the entire northern syria does not belong to the kurds . 
  do u honestly believe that ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_turkey http://www.turkstat.gov.tr/start.do http://www.kultur.gov.tr/en,36567/tourism-statistics.html http://www.studyinturkey.com/content/sub/mobility_statistic.aspx http://www.turkishculturalfoundation.org/pages.php?id=253, 
  eu should have support or at least let turkey build refugee cities in northern syria instead of supporting ypg to change syria 's demographics and conquer all the way to the mediterian sea so they would n't be the most isolated country ever existed . 
  this way u would n't have any refugee crisis in the first place . 
  if turks kill greek miniority in a civil-war in turkey with the help of russia and meanwhile turkey shoots down a greek plane and then greece changes his engagement rules on greek-turkish border . 
  oh but why stop there ? 
  even after that greece warns turkey for a straight two months . 
  yeah probably they would have every right to shoot it down . 
  no to racism ( except when it comes to the turks because fk them ) . 
  thats actually somewhat true if turks integrated with europeans they would close all of its ties with the middle east . 
  at least for the sake of secularism and liberal democracy . 
  no peace untill russia admits raki is much better drink than vodka . 
  to convert to islam . 
  to cause to conform to islamic law or precepts . 
  which is not happening at all due to fact that people are already muslims and there is no islamic law . 
  turkish republic was established as a secular state . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lz-kajhkqmu  official muslim percentage has stayed the same for decades and has simply always been inaccurate . 
  you claim is based on what ? 
  any proof ? 
   your last question is what the article is all about , as it attempt to claim that akp is reforming state education by the principle of islamism . 
  these imam hatips were opened by ataturk and his chp by the way and nothing to do with akp . 
  we overreact on these matters because akp cant be trusted and it would prevent them from going too deep . 
  imam hatips had 500k students during 90s now its 450k . 
  by the way turkish population increased by 50 percent from that time to today . 
  agreed , these peope are no fanatics but pragmatists . 
  no not really . 
  noone ever got jailed for being atheist . 
  there is actually an atheism association approved by the government . 
  google ` ateizm derne\u011fi ' for more information . 
   a political ideology of conquering the public , political sphere for a religious based discourse instead of enlightened based discourse , right ? 
  i forgot to mention that these guys dont promote islam or anything aswell . 
  they just justify akp actions with the claim of ` turkish republic benefited x action ' . 
  if you like to learn more about turkish culture and politics i can explain with a wall of text but every little piece of your post is incorrect . 
   official 99 percent should be roughly the same as the way the religion demographics is automatically registered hasnt changed in turkey and it never was that accurate . 
  wrong . 
  you are missin the point that turkish people had no idea about islam and they still do n't . 
  only 8 percent of turkish population reads quran . 
  turkish people have the wrong idea of ` arabs do n't understand the islam ' and we turkik countries do . 
  so islamization would lead people to abandon islam as it already started ( thanks to the internet ) . 
  turkish politicians are well aware of this fact so they would never force islamization hence why akp made 0 laws based on islam . 
   turkey has been a secular state since 1982 . 
  lol . 
   the word `` islamization '' doesnt always stand for an increase of muslim population . 
  it always does stand for an increase of muslim population since introducing ( or forcing for some cults ) islam to the non-muslims is mandatory . 
   it can also mean `` imposition of islamist political or social system '' as is the case here . 
  when did akp do such a thing ? 
  a single example is more than enough to convince me about akp 's islamization . 
  theocracy has never been a thing in turkish culture . 
  even during ottoman era monarch had the power over all . 
  unlike christians with pope . 
  turkish government tells the imam what to talk and not talk about . 
  if they say something like totally based on quran and islam but the government doesnt approve they are immediately fired . 
  i would also like you to link me the islamic laws made by akp in a total of 13 years . 
  http://i.ensonhaber.com/resimler/diger/rasim_3.jpg these are the top akp supporters ( being paid millions of euros ) and they are all drinking alcohol lol . 
  the guy on the right goes to debates with his whiskey bottles . 
  religious my ass . 
  irrevelant . 
  france and us supplied opposition groups aswell . 
  such a stupid word to use lol . 
  we didnt even know what atheism was back then in 90s . 
  if anything happens about religion in turkey that people abandon islam . 
  presidency of religious affairs claimed that there are 5 million atheists in turkey a year ago or two . 
  as far as i know there are like 30 million muslim population in europe . 
  i 'm not saying there is no correlation in between islam and violance but if all muslims were jihadist lunatics you would see an attack everyday . 
  ca n't believe a comment which implies that ataturk killed innocent armenians gets upvoted on a platfrom which supposed to have an intellectual group of people . 
  considering ataturk had a whole new turkish republic in his mind ( even when he was a young military officer ) and he knew he would n't be able to change the people and their perspectives about secularism and the other western ideals he admired of . 
  he changed the education system in a more proggresive way so the new generation would the real face of this new turkish republic . 
  in other words turkish republic belonged to the children . 
  23 april - the holiday of national sovereignty and children . 
  facepalm . 
  where did u hear that from ? 
  i think its safe to say that people wont try to move arround 3 billion people all over the world just because their lands belonged to the some other nation in the first place . 
  not sure why are being downvoted but thats completely true . 
  lots of historians claims ottomans to be succesor of byzantine . 
  not to metion after nearly 500 years half of the city was still non-muslim . 
  hey thats rude , we stopped being foreign invaders centuries ago . 
  there are reports coming out about isis just surrendered . 
  a shocking footage prooves the claim that a high ranked isis commander just yelled ` not the belgian aircraft carrier ' and dropped his gun and then started to flee . 
  they should go to iran for holidays since turks are islamists according to putin and iranians are progressive and a close ally . 
  good luck finding night clubs and wearing bikinis on the beaches and streets .
