  i have no problem with people who likes pandoro , hell i have some pro-pandoro friends too but i 'm definitely going for panettone . 
  yummy yummy !, 
  no they are natives of the country actually . 
  it was called eastern roman empire ( aka byzantium ) which is why they are identified as romans . 
  good i guess ? 
  they used to identify and call themselves as romans so . . we use pretty much the same nouns in turkish for other nations . 
  eg ; h\u0131rvat instead of croatian or s\u0131rp instead of serb etc. 
  we still call roman to the greeks outside of the greece :d :, 
  it means ` homeland ' in turkish . 
  weird . . 
  nope . 
  it was already the case for the past 60 years . 
  that link suggests that greeks tried to remove basic rights of ethnic turks , threatened to kill them and tried to ethnically cleanese them . 
   in december 1963 the president of the republic makarios proposed thirteen constitutional amendments after the government was blocked by turkish cypriot legislators . 
  frustrated by these impasses and believing that the constitution prevented enosis , [ 61 ] the greek cypriot leadership believed that the rights given to turkish cypriots under the 1960 constitution were too extensive and had designed the akritas plan , which was aimed at reforming the constitution in favor of greek cypriots , persuading the international community about the correctness of the changes and violently subjugating turkish cypriots in a few days should they not accept the plan . 
  [ 62 ]  700 turkish hostages , including women and children , were taken from the northern suburbs of nicosia . 
  the violence resulted in the death of 364 turkish and 174 greek cypriots , [ 64 ] destruction of 109 turkish cypriot or mixed villages and displacement of 25,000 -- 30,000 turkish cypriots . 
  [ 65 ] the british daily telegraph later called it the `` anti turkish pogrom '' . 
  i honestly have n't seen anyone claiming eu membership would be bad for turkey . 
  it 's more like rejection psychology . 
  erdogan would 180 degree turn on every single topic including russia , refugees and even islam in the same day turkey gets in the eu . 
  if you think i 'm exaggerating , google ` mavi marmara ' . 
  he literally went from ` bad israel killed innocent civlians who tried to help poor palestinains ' to ` did you ask me to go to the israel ? 
  you broke international laws , israel had every right to do it ' . 
  lol . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ox8isusnkq yes he is talking about the exact same event but giving a completely opposite comment and it is less than 2 years . 
  long story short ; eu membership would be great and it would be the greatest accomplishment ever for the turkish conservatives . 
  their attitude comes from the denial of the membership to appear stronk . 
  where did you hear that ? 
  there are stories about when first inonu heard the news about hitler invading russia he woke up at late night and started dancing and laughing with a huge relief . 
  oh yeah it 's orthodox , sorry i confused it with a meme . 
   `` population exchange '' in early xx century , which was based on religion , not ethnicity . 
  that 's actually true . 
  catholic turks were exchanged with muslim greeks after ww1 . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  majority of my relatives ( nearly all of them ) vote for mhp and they are not religious at all . 
  you do n't know that . 
  these numbers are from 2015 . 
  chp voters voted for hdp to help them pass through the % 10 threshold . 
  plus half of the kurds voted for akp ( which could be anti-secular voter base of akp ) . 
  its not like he is an openly islamist . 
  he is slowly trying to turn turkey into a religious country which is kinda weird because he still did n't pass any islamic law . 
  in fact we only had one islamic law back then and he immediately removed when he first got elected . 
  i do n't get him at all . 
  like a great man once said ( michael scott ) ; you miss 100 percent of the shots you do n't take . 
  there are no true christians , jews or muslims in the world . 
  only the turks know it ( even tho only % 8 of the turkish population ever read quran , % 0.0000000001 read bible and torah ) . 
  cool story bro . 
  on a serious note i 'd say try eksisozluk but she is 99 percent taken . 
  government institutions threatened to close down the akp . 
  we were so hyped up about getting into the eu in early 2000s so it was a big thing to have a leader that gets us into the union but i personally knew who he really was and i have foreseen this future . 
  unfortunetally not everyone did and many people ( especially the turkish journalists and opinnion leaders who are in jail now ) regret it . 
  he menaged to combine the conservatives and islamists and that is why we ca n't kick him out of the office now . 
  oh come on public opinnion is a funny thing and you know it . 
  eu countries , journalists , opinnion leaders etc. 
  certainly helped akp to become what it is today . 
  they had only 38 percent of the votes in 2002 . 
  it is a continent not a political movement . 
   i imagine the situation in the sunni world would be much simpler if there was a responsible and controllable religious head . 
  dude they were making nude paintings , host european artist , trying to be all progressive and shit so chf wouldnt kick them out of the country . 
  i dont think sunni world had any respect for them . 
  i think they lost it after 2008 . 
  pretty sure , bulgaria is like 50 + percent . 
  technically you do . 
  turkish government does not deny the killings . 
  they deny the term genocide , just like your government . 
  i do n't have any statistics or information about this but my dad has tourism agency and i 've seen thousands of people from europe come to turkey for medical operations ( including plastic surgery ) . 
  i think it 's pretty good and cheap . 
  they call it ` health tourism ' lol . 
  reported . 
  we eat seeds ** during ** the game and eat hot meat sandwiches at halftime . 
  this is literally pronounced and typed as ` neither islam nor terrorism ' in turkish . 
  like any other opposition group . 
  welcome to the advanced democracy of turkey . 
  lgbt parades are not allowed in istanbul for the last 3-4 years but they are good to go in other cities . 
  it 's not even development for the turkish culture . 
  celebi 's travelbook ( seyahatname ) for example is a great source for ottoman society and it 's way of life . 
  gay people used to attend to the parades or events of sultans . 
  400 years after its still the same . . no improvements for their rights over the centuries but it doesnt mean we throw them over the roof . 
  erdogan with a transexual singer . 
  http://i.imgur.com/4khh52y.jpg a gay stylist got an offer from erdogan 's akp to become the mayor of bodrum ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfl7t32phqi, 
  there are like 100k + people attending to lgbt parades in several turkish cities every year and last time i checked we were 99 percent muslim ( or muslim background ) country . 
  majority of the turkish people do not approve the same sex marriage but that doesnt mean they are going to harass the gay couples . 
  greek territorial claim is 12nm while turkish claim is 6nm for both countries . 
  however the ship was deep inside the rodos ( greek ) island up to 3,5 nm . . so in both perspectives ( or claims ) the ship indeed violated the greek territorial waters and refused to obey the greek law enforcement and even ignored the warnings . 
  some turkish sources claim that even the turkish authorities asked the captain to comply to the greek authorities . 
  therefore i conclude that the captain was either retarded as fuck or trying to provoke the greek side so a turkish politician ( you know who ) can go ahead and talk shit about how eu is bad and how they 're enemies of turkey . 
  it 's still a huge fuck up by the greek side tho if someone died there shit would hit the fan . 
  these cheap tricks play into a certain politician 's hand against the pro-eu political parties in turkey which are already weak and divived . 
  mongoloid people are very smart . 
  i have no clue why people use that term as an offence . 
  janissary scum probably . 
  the cavalaries are called sipahis . 
  they hold lands and they are freeborn unlike janissary slaves who come from poor christian families . 
  turks in germany/netherlands are the most conservative type of turks in the whole world . 
  that 's no joke btw . 
  municipality of seyhan ( a district of adana ) actually requested citizens to not shoot at the sun after two people got arrested for shooting firearm towards the sun :d . https://twitter.com/seyhanbelediye/status/744810651332157440, 
  it will ruin your flip-flops . 
  so yes , it is dangerous . 
  that 's the scariest part to be honest .
