  i think they did two days ago or something . 
  arround 30 refugees died . 
  i 'll stick with free turkish websites till we get sopa/pipa stuff getting involved . 
  honestly , why should i pay for it when i got like 10 platforms which immedietly upload all tv-shows as 1080p with subtitles and send me e-mail that my favorite ones are up . 
  thats nearly minimum salary in turkey . 
  fkin erdogan opresses me !, 
  take me as refugee aswell please ? 
  9,550 years old , not bad . 
  mugla http://imgur.com/a/vypya  every country 's capital is supposed to be the best city to visit . 
  haha ankara is probably one of the worst cities in turkey . 
  replace black with kurd and you are spot on . 
  nah i 'm just kidding . 
  whenever you are ready , plus two weeks for schengen visa :( . 
  are u sure ? 
  we can finally into eu w/o being germany and france 's bitch since we are going to take it all . 
  one group shoots hd videos when they are beheading someone and the other ones take selfies with dead bodies . 
  i mean sure there is a difference but i do n't see how its related with turkey . 
  turkey said billion times either drop your guns and stay or take your guns and leave to the iraq or syria . 
  its not like they are being hunted . 
  ask anyone who has ever been in military service in the south east u would be shocked by the stories and probably would never believe anything what says in media . 
  the argument is as stupid as ` stop killing arabs , let isis have its own state ' . 
  fyi kurds are not being targeted , people who have guns on the streets and mountains are . 
  and they are not dying because of their nationality . 
  i do n't think any respectable country tolerates armed groups in their soil . 
  agreed . 
  however talking non-sense is not a crime while being racist is . 
  erdogan could be anything ( literally ) but not racist . 
  he is the president of turkish state who happens to be georgian and married to an arab woman lol . 
  not to mention he has kurdish and armenian advisors . 
   the only ones who would be really hurt is the horny turkish guys - no more slutty natashas to them !, 
   u said that like its no big deal :( . 
  and then we annex yurop !, 
  gib balkans back and the rest could be yours . 
  holy shit , that ca n't be russia 's plan lol . 
  even if its true i refuse to believe it . 
  this thing is actually all about strategic stuff . 
  a bomber jet pilot knows pretty much everything about the war . 
  all the batte plans , where will ground forces attack , where will they be supplied . 
  like pretty much everything . . as far as i know pilots are expected to be suicide if they are not landing a zone which they ca n't escape . 
  there is acutally a myth about pilots having only one bullet in their pistols for it . 
  so unless u are some sort of braindead jihadist lunatic u would never shoot down a pilot . 
  it sounds pretty funny but erdogan is possibly the most pro-armanian turkish leader ever since 1940 . he even aplogized for mass murder events . 
  he did n't specifically target armanians because people were talking about armanian genocide at that moment . 
  pope making speech and stuff and he was talking about ` we are so pro-armanian omg we dont even deport them ' . 
  about the cyprus thing , if u make a quick research turkey benefits absolutely nothing and has no intention to colonize it . 
  this may sound like a propoganda but i can assure northern cyprus just drains the turkish economy and the only intention of turkish soliders being there to protect any attack against turkish cypriots . 
  turkish republic has always been and still is okay to let cyprus reunify . 
  its not like there ca n't be a deal about letting turkish military bases still exist there and let cyprus reunify . 
  other than that both cypriot leaders said they are looking for improving their relations and possibly getting back together in the future . 
  well actually syria shot down an old turkish f-4 jet without warning and without changing the engagement rules in the border . 
  after the incident turkish publich sphere was argueing over two things . 
  ` why are f-4 fighter jets in still service ? ', 
  and ` wtf are we doing in syria ? ' . 
  so i do n't think turkish people would outrage if russia shoots down a turkish jet in russian airspace . 
  its not even really a good comparison since turkey changed its rules of engagement in turkish-syrian border after the f-4 shoot down incident and its also an active war zone . 
  other than that russia has been warned pretty much everyday not to violate turkish airspace or else would get shot down due to our engagement rules in turkish-syrian border . 
  on a second thought you 're probably right . 
  even majority of the turks in western part of turkey dont have much clue about pkk and other kurdish tribes other than what turkish media says about them . 
  did you even read it ? 
   the president added that the roughly 100,000 armenian nationals working in turkey are not turkish citizens and that the country can deport them if it wants to . 
  `` we can deport them , even if we have n't yet , '' he said . 
  its illegal to let non-turkish citizens to work without permission but they let them because erdogan administration is so pro-armanian ( yet we still have closed borders lol ) . 
  so its the usual bullshit but he is not threating armanians at all . 
  even if he did threaten its nothing to do with nationality since he is talking about illegal workers . 
   turkey has been occupying 40 % of a sovereign country for over 40 years now and the international community still struggles to give a damn . 
  the turkish interfere was fully justified after greek cypriots hunting turkish cypriots on the streets for decades and after the greek military junta and all that stuff . 
  fyi international community after the event put sanctions on turkey . 
  i think there is someone on top of the dome in the 4th photo . 
  i did , in the past but not after the anti-turkey campaign by the western media when turkish state did n't help her archenemy pkk to fight with isis while they daily attacked security forces , schools , hosptials and even kindergartens . 
  not to mention turkey probably did more job fighting against isis ( 1k arrested and sentenced for life , arround 200 of them killed ) than all of the european countries combined . 
  it was worth a try . 
  enjoy your stay . 
  i ca n't even imagine the amount of shit turkey would recieve by the international community if they ever done or said something like this . 
  i didnt know putin was a south park fan . 
  pc will cause you to extinct !, 
  hey thats just some local ones , not our fault !, 
  we arrested hundreds of clouds which are illegally trying to pass trough turkish airspace !, 
  now we need to clone the ukranian soliders and get a new star wars episode every day . 
  its illegeal to walk on the bosphorus bridges ( except for special events ) because lots of people suicided in the past . 
  its okay to enter the beaches completely naked or with bikinis but not with your underwear because that would harm the countrys image . 
  military has its own laws and they are pretty weird . 
  i do n't even know where to start but few examples would be punished trees , guns , tanks and jets . 
  there is no such thing as ` western ' identity , people who live in western countries are not superior beings . 
  u are suffering dunning -- kruger effect . 
  why would japan call themselves european for their positive values lol . 
  the word europe is not synonym of progressive . 
  other than that japan is a horrible example for woman rights since they have their geisha culture . 
   your way of life is very similar , the language is n't exactly but it 's an asian language . 
   you know what 's similar to other countries ? 
  wars based on nothing ( look at the kurds ) , deprivation of human rights to them and also arrest of journalists . 
  that 's only to start with . 
  you are embarrassing yourself with these posts . 
  i suggest you to get educated about cultures first and then jump into discussions . 
  tho try to avoid historical events in europe when you do your research . . it might seriously damage your elitist point of view . 
  culture is an umbrella term for language , religion , cuisine , social habits , music and arts etc. 
  anyway . 
  not sure why u are making funny claims like turks have the same language or way of life with middle eastern countries but w/e , no point to argue over a thing which u got absolutely no clue about . 
  not even few hundred actually . 
  its just they are tryin to scare people with arresting someone randomly 5-10 times a year . 
  most of them just pay arround 1k euros and dont go to jail .
