  there are only small teams in 5-10 places and all of them are only in istanbul and ankara . 
  i 'd say its smaller than 1 percent of the total army but man military is so scary . . especially the airfoce . 
  holy shit , it is true . . how is that even possible ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there is no coup but the military and tanks are blocking the bosphorus bridge is scary as fuck . 
  i 've never seen anything like that before in my life . 
  fighters jets are flying over ankara aswell . . that 's weird . 
  edit : 4 tanks are moving towards to the airport . 
  it is most likely a suspected terror attack but i 'm still curious about jets . 
  edit : it is a coup . . what the hell, 
  someone got arrested in istanbul for rushing into the police station . 
  two grown men had a fight over pokemon and they were both taken into the hospital in adana . 
  imams are happy because mosques are not empty anymore . 
  it 's getting crazy already . 
  ca n't say that i understand your point . 
  i have typed it 10 times that the term genocide is denied and instead they used ` forced immigration ' . 
  it has zero connection with that old national security class which was instructed by retired colonels . 
   take home exam . 
  she specifically says that she 'll give aa to any opinion backed by sceintific information wheter they acknowledge it or deny it . 
  yeah i mean may be . . but you probably get my point right ? 
  people say on this platform that teachers justify the genocide , make you write essays about it ( lmao ) and crazy stuff like that . 
  other than that does usa brainwash american citizens for not offically recognizing the native genocide ? 
  what about belgium ? 
  france ? 
  and many others ? 
  fyi we do teach about armenian genocide but the term is denied . 
  they use ` forced immigration ' instead . 
  it does n't change the fact that you are lying to get attention . 
  most of the time you had a retired colonel and you get only one for each school so it is not plural . 
  secondly ; they have no authority to lecture you about history . 
  so if you can proove your claim , we can sue him for hate speech . 
  its not that hard really . 
  2 years ago , i forced my college to kick a part-time instructor historician out for saying uk is evil and they did . 
  see , i was right about herero . 
  now you 're acknowledging it . 
  the status was the same with armenian genocide . 
  i was just messing with him . 
  neither spain nor france recognize their genocides . . just like turkey . 
  turkey also acknowledges the event and how horrible it was , they just deny the term genocide . . just like your country . 
  the term genocide is naturally ignored because the turkish state does n't officaly recognize it . 
  what 's so hard to understand ? 
  yes it does n't take much part in history lessons but my point was denying the absurd claims about how it brainwashes the kids . 
  haha . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're trolling but good one . 
  dude you do n't get blamed or called criminal for not being hero and stop the event , it does n't mean anything . .  even though it is a big step , it is not the same as the executive or the parliament acknowledging it . 
  is n't it the same case with herero ? 
  argentina and uruguay are not exactly the western countries which i was refering to but til spain recognizes that they acted ` genocide ' on native americans . 
  thanks for the info . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  a turkish ( or kurdish ) minister also acknowledged the armenian genocide last year . 
  however . . germany indeed acknowledged the armenian genocide but they already had no involvement at all . 
  just name me two or three countries that teach about the genocides they commited in the primary schools with the exception of holocaust . 
  i 'm not even going to ask for a source , just name them . 
  remember the word ` genocide ' when you give your example because that 's what i meant with armenian ` genocide ' being ignored in education system . 
  germany had to . 
  i 'm not saying they would n't recognize it if they won the wars but it is a simple fact that they had no other choice . 
  germans and canadians are cool but the rest is no different than turkey really . 
  in fact erdogan even apologized for the event but did n't use the term genocide ( many european countries such as france , belgium , spain , uk etc. 
  did n't even do that ) . 
   you say armenian genocide is ignored , but is wwi ignored ? 
  and what does the turkish education system say about the armenians in wwi ? 
  if we are talking about primary and highschool , it is very basic stuff . 
  the history if full of wars as a military class for islam for centuries and before that we were even more into fighting so you get the idea right . 
  it is more like this ; x event ( most of the time war or uprising ) : - casuses of the event - event - results of the event . 
   and what does the turkish education system say about the armenians in wwi ? 
  next to nothing as i stated before . 
  it is just ignored . 
  world war one was a horrible event for turkey and the only good thing came out was ataturk therefore the history lessons shaped around him . 
  when you go to the college things change tho . 
  i understand that . 
  i was just trying to point out the absurd popular opinnion on reddit about turkish education system in turkey . 
  other than that i stated my opinnion about western countries not officaly recognizing their genocides neither but at the same time they are n't called ` evil or ignorant ' like we have been called today on this topic . 
  i just love people from distant land who has zero connection or knowledge about turkey go on and lecture each other about turkish education system and how it brainwashes little kids from the start . 
  ok , i will try to be objective on this . 
  the armenian genocide is simply ignored in primary and highschool ( just like the genocides commited by france , belgium , uk , spain , or even germany with the exception of holocaust ) but when u get to the university you see students and profesors discuss it and most of them acknowledge the genocide . 
  the issue here is that probably ( my personal opinion ) turkey is not really a part of western family therefore it gets more attention . 
  sounds silly ? 
  alright then make a list of the western countries which commited genocide and see how many of them acknowledged their genocides . 
  nato troops do n't defend the country ( they have no authority to do so ) . 
  they are simply there to collect intel from the region . 
  patriot missiles have never been used when lunatic armed groups shelled the turkish cities . 
  not to mention nato asked turkey to not buy chineese anti aircraft systems because they are incompatible with nato equipments :d . oh and let 's not forget about the fact that germany has lots of support for ypg which is a fucking pkk off-spring in syria . 
  the group who carried two suicide attacks this year and killed dozens of innocent civilians . 
  that is exactly how it works . 
  what are you going to say when russia or an x country attacks you ? 
  '' play fair we have only x amount of people and gdp therefore withdraw some of your forces ! '' ? 
  that list is shit tho . 
  when you compare both militaries greek military seems to be stronger . 
  turkey spent a lot of money in the past but there is simply no reason to spend more since no neighboring country can compete or threaten her security anymore . 
  therefore the money goes to the new projects such as tanks , jets , missiles , drones etc. 
  to export and make money . 
   payment is a terrible metric anyway . 
  agreed . 
  pretty much everyone confuse military spending with firepower . 
  paying soliders or even pensioners more money wont make your army stronger . 
  spending money on technology is what really matters imo . 
  conscription for example saves billions of dolars for turkey . 
  no big deal . 
  germany , france , italy , turkey etc. 
  still pays more than poland , estonia and greece combined . 
  watch this , it will make you feel better ; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqyq1ew7xpw 0:00 -1:14 government ad to promote using public transports and leave the cars at home .
