  it 's like saying ` see erdogan is no dictator because in this footage he loves children , cares for old people etc. 
  i honestly do n't understand a single word when i interact with laz people ( black sea/ne region ) . 
  plus i think it varies a lot . 
  akp has the most female members of parliament . 
  they ca n't be logically against it . 
  you asking this question shows how fucked up their pr is outside of the country tho . . i wish it was the same in turkey . 
  nah dude we have everything but energy . 
  if the countries who supply us gas and oil sanction us ( russia , iran , krg etc ) life would stop . 
  well yeah noone claims turkey to be better than the western countries in terms of hdi no matter how nationalist or religious they are ( including the president erdogan now i guess ) . 
  the anti-eu attitude comes from the membership denial . 
  however there are lots of reasons to disike the us government . 
  mhp is the second most secular party in the parliament right after chp . 
  i 'd say hdp is worse than akp . . 
   besides in turkish mosques there is no radical islamism . 
  it is mostly about nationalism with a flavor of islam . 
  this is no overexaggeration . 
  i remember people boycotting mosques when there was a speech about ` nationalism/racism has no place in islam ' a year ago or two . 
  i hope everyone is okay . 
  does anyone have a footage from that area ? 
  lmao is that real ? 
  i mean it could be real since i 've seen star wars mosque , darth vader mosque , spaceship mosque , chronosphere from red alert 2 and a mosque with vip entance . 
  what does it have anything to do with religion ? 
  pretty much everything fun is forbidden in islam but we do n't have any islamic law . 
  it was called konstantiniye during ottoman times . 
  it was ataturk who changed city names to get rid of ottoman influence . 
  do n't you think thats kind of an anachronism ? 
  now now i 'm not saying ottomans were multi-national/religion liberal beacon but it was n't that bad compared to other empires . 
  at least every nation preserved their cultures and religion . 
  ps : i do put the blame on ottomans btw and i think turkis republic as a successor should own it and apoligize . 
  do you honestly believe you are more of a democrat than erdogan ? 
  '' you support x ? 
  you are traitor and you have been kicked out from the country '' holy shit that 's fucked up . 
   watch the incoming orhan pamuk comparisons :p why would you get compared to him ? 
  orhan pamuk is an excelent novelist not just a random guy who rant in a racist platform . 
  i mean there are 2 exact comments in this section with one having turkish flair with -70 karma and another having italy flair with plus 20 . 
  he is not your pal , buddy . 
  philosophy is mandatory in highschool therefore technically everyone knows . 
  he probably just wanted to point out that turkish education system is bad ( which is kinda true ) . 
  a company that does bathroom stuff . 
  not sure what it means or if its a turkish word, 
  that does n't mean anything . 
  there were feminism movements in ottoman-era and the last caliph was known for his nude-paintings . 
  this map gets posted twice a month . 
  that moment when you remember a game phrase after 15 years . 
  let 's say they build 30-40 more of these . 
  does that mean we wo n't have to use nuclear plants ? 
  sorry if that sounds stupid i was just curtious as someone who has no clue about how energy works . 
  red alert 2 ? 
  member toma sale on ~ ~ e-bay ~ ~ sahibinden for 1 turkish lira ? 
  next year i will increase our percentage unless i win lottery or something . 
   in what world do you think poland or hungary would n't veto turkish membership ? 
  i thought we were cool with poland for like centuries . 
  yeah sure i 'm fine with it . 
  in fact that was my point . . these kind of extreme requests make it to the news in here and cause a public outrage so i 'd say we as both public and state wise handle this toxic ideology better than most of these western democracies . 
  how can you be so sure about this ? 
  it only takes 2-5 retards to do this . 
  it only took me 0.5 seconds to find it . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/womens-life/10510284/gender-apartheid-segregation-is-real-in-uk-universities.-so-why-arent-more-people-fighting-it.html ps : we do not have gender segregation even for these ilahiyat ( theology-ish ) students unlike uk . 
  the guy who posted this , editorialized the title . 
  there is not a single mention about any foundations . 
  i 'm honestly surpised he has n't banned yet assuming he does that all the time . 
  probably noone reported to the moderators . 
  its just a bunch a couple of retards but their request is so extreme it made it to the local news and somehow its allowed in here because fuck turkey . 
  pretty sure there are these kind of people in pretty much every single country on earth regardless of geography . 
  i mean what 's this ? 
  10 students out of 20 million ? 
  180 turn like he always does . 
  i would n't be surprised if he started to insult refugees aswell lmao . 
  i do n't think so . 
  he is a very religious person but he gets alone with people who are n't religious at all . 
  not in the name of atheism tho . 
  otherwise they would n't try to kill each other in the first place . 
  plus how do we know that hitler was atheist ? 
  is there any serious source to back up this claim ? 
  hey we do n't wait in line anymore . 
  we are hanging out with the other losers now . 
  russia , barzani , fsa , israel , iran , saudi arabia etc. 
  that 's right , we 'll throw ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ eggs to you your precious club . 
  is n't that like a personal information or something ? 
  there was a troll on a turkish platform called eksisozluk who constantly pissed people off ( mostly chp voters ) . 
  he once sent a photo from his window to proove that he is living in usa or to show off about his bigass house . 
  at the same day people found out his identity and he had to remove his account . 
  i am a native turkish speaker and i did n't completely understand it aswell . 
  i think he is trying to say that she should go to a religious cult leader in adiyaman so she can turn away from her mistake with the help of that religious cult leader . 
  would be great examples for conservative cities . 
  i actually considered that but i do n't think so . 
  i mean there are so many flaws with translating . . 
  divorce is unacceptable but i will do it . 
  this comes to a conclustion that we are either retarded or pewresearch has some sort of agenda with their crazy numbers ( all of em ' happens to be negative ) in their polls . 
  yeah but you do n't get that from that subtitle . 
  she sounds supportive with ` have fun with your life ' which is not the case here . 
  for divorce we can use offical statistics ; http://www.tuik.gov.tr/prehaberbultenleri.do?id=21515 for homosexuality we can only use polls but the gap is so huge in between different polls . 
  i 'd trust konda or gezici if they make one but i definitely not believe what pew has to say after 50 percent headscarf claims , 8 percent isis sympathiser and 90 percent divorce statistics . 
   what are you even saying ? 
  are you saying 1/4th of turkey is divorced ? 
  that 's technically impossible since nearly half of the turkish population is bellow the first merriage age ( % 40 percent for females and 45 percent for males ) . 
   while one partner may see divorce as acceptable does n't mean the other one does , they may just be forced to do it . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  if one partner doesnt want to divorce it takes a lot of time to divorce unless he/she prooves any cheating accident . 
  plus there are people who have great marriages but think it is okay to divorce if the partners do n't get along .
