  refugees are the direct results of wars . 
  no balkans no deal . 
  this has to be a troll attempt . . i do n't think anyone can be this much stupid . 
  you say that like we fucking genghis khan 'd the whole region . 
  when ottoman empire collapsed all other nations were still there with preserved cultures . 
  sure it was n't some sort of heaven but half of the empire was filled with christians and jews . 
  there is a good reason why jews escaped from europe and middle east to the ottoman lands . 
  i do n't deny the armenian genocide nor justify it but you guys always come up with 2 million innocent turkic civilians deserved to die because they had wars with us centruies ago . 
   nope , but if you conquer , massacre , enslave the local population , do n't be surprised that sooner or later they will want to kill you . 
  and do n't talk to me about `` hypocrisy '' in this context ... what would you think if indians annihilated 2-3 states from america ? 
  would you say ` well we deserved it ' ? 
  maybe i 'm just retarded but i do n't see any difference in between saying ` well armenians should n't have massacare and burn down the towns ' and ` turks conquered balkans half milennium ago so we decided to kill and deport all of them ' . 
  thats because they got the book of leaves . 
  does n't matter , need friends :d . 
  shit , orban just ruined the entire operation . 
  we 're gon na get you next time europe !, 
  i thought we were the best in gay wrestling and junior female archery . 
  i 'll sue you if i get sick . 
  i believe he is talking about honor killings not femicide . 
  these terms ( t\u00f6re , namus temizleme ) are hardcoded in kurdish society . 
   religious schools had 500k students in the 90s  religious schools had no secondary schools in 90s . 
  the first numbers are coming from the post-coup and they half way banned these schools . 
  religious schools had 500k students in the 90s when our total population was 50 million . 
  i found out that they opened religious primary and secondary religious schools aswell a couple of years ago so its natural that there are more religious schools students than 90s in total but when you look at highschool they are in decline . 
  overall no big improvement anyway . 
  i think top 3 is the same for every country in the europe . 
  obama , putin and merkel . 
  other than that tsipras was kinda popular in turkey when he got first elected . 
  assad was popular ( in a negative way tbh ) when civil war has started in syria . 
  hollande was popular for a week or two when he visited turkey and talk very positively about ataturk . 
  rest of the leaders are not so much , i think . . 
  stereotypical turkish diaspora . 
  they 're either erdogan minnions or self downing retards . 
  she never mentioned about what right do turkish women lack because there is no such thing . 
  women have more rights than men in turkey . 
  let 's just ignore the fact that a woman gets raped every 107 seconds in usa and hate on turkey because they are n't christians . 
  i dare you to marry a women and then get divorce in turkey or just get sued for anything by a woman and see how it turns out for you . 
  tldr : she complains about patriarchy in rural areas in the east ( a.k.a the lands of progressive , feminist freedom fighters ) and this has nothing to do with turkish laws or rights but it 's about the culture of that area . 
  other than that only a fool would believe in the idea of women are not getting discriminated in western turkey , europe and usa . 
  pretty sure i heard ypg members getting arrested in europe . 
  probably spain . 
  nearly no erdogan supporters so i 'm assuming turks have a better image there . 
  it almost worked if it was n't for damn greeks , bulgarians , albanians , serbians , armenians , arabs and kurds . 
  our politicians are hands down top quality when it comes to the surreal humour . 
  other than that i do n't like stand-up comedy but cem yilmaz is very good at it altough i liked his movies gora and arog more but it 's just me . 
  it will happen eventually but not sure if it can be achieved with violence . 
  yea but we ca n't develope that region due to terror activities unlike other countries which lack resources , manpower or time . 
  or you know , get rid of the eastern turkey to double these statistics . 
  really ? 
  is that what you got from these posts ? 
  i totally made it up :d . 
  0.50 starts with old turkish i guess ? 
  i wonder how crimeans sound when they speak their language now . 
  not sure about that . 
  this guy suggested that 70 percent of turkish people want islamic law . 
  yes ? 
  why would erdogan promote divorce ? 
  aight this confirms that you 're here to troll . 
  99 percent of that sub hates erdogan so much they even called me erdogan 's asslicker . 
  note that i would n't vote for erdogan for a million dolar , thats how much i dislike erdogan . 
   the president of turkey has said democracy and freedom have `` absolutely no value '' in the country . 
  he did n't say that . 
  ** sure this guy is the worst and independent has every right to mess with him ** but i kinda felt sad over this translation . 
  it 's unfair . . the context was anti-terror operations . 
  he said that ` eu tells us do n't fight with terrorism because of democracy and freedom and i do n't give a shit about what they think about our anti-terror camapign ' . 
  again i do n't care if kurds secede or not but wandering arround with ak-47s and rpgs on the streets is no democratic right so erdogan was kinda right . 
  pew research once suggested that 95 percent of the turkish people oppose having sex w/o merriage . 
  these numbers are even fewer than the people who stream pre-orgies on periscope . 
  imho you ca n't take pew seriously when it comes to the islam . 
  another example would be that pew said 90 percent of the turkish people are against divorce in reality 50 percent of the first merriages end up with divorce in less than 5 years . 
  i totally respect your inferiority complex and the effort but you are n't fooling anyone . 
  use the offical statistics and reliable polls next time . 
  could n't agree more . 
  he is probably from konya or something . 
  not really . 
  how is that so ? 
  you ca n't possibly know who is refugee and who is not when they come from 3rd world countries with no advanced registration system . 
  you can deport them back to syria , you can make eu less attractive , you can shoot them down , you can lock them in prison and try to justify these actions . 
  all these options will have very negative effects and that 's why your politicians are in dead-end . 
  you can not enforce dublin regulation on turkey because turkey is not an eu member state . 
   it 's obligation to not let them take to sea . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  haha . 
  what will turkish police do if they say i 'm going for swimming ? 
  dude you might aswell sink their boats or mass shoot them for a final solution . 
  refugee crisis is n't that big deal ( yet ) to ruin your reputation . 
  eu will be called ` the union who jails the innocent refugees who fled from bloody dictators ' if they do what you propose . 
  there are no turkish refugees and there is no turkish involvement . 
  if you sanction every single country that does n't become your puppet you 'll left with no trade partners in short time . 
  a foreign ship ( name it greek or italian ) can not sail on turkey and deport refugees there . 
  just like turkey ca n't do the same to greece . 
  refugee himself/herself/otherself should be doing it or there would be a massive crises in between two countries . 
  you can do whatever you like to the unknown person ( maybe a refugee , maybe an asylum seeker , maybe an immigrant etc. ), 
  according to your laws . 
  the problem is that how will you deport this unknown foreigner who threw away his/her passport ? 
  what will you do if they say they fled from isis in syria ? 
  will you deport them back to a warzone ? 
  look we all dislike our politicians ( both eu and turkey ) for different reasons but they are not completely retarded . 
  i was talking about the online platforms in general but now that you brought your opinnion aswell ( which i think it 's pre-judged ) i would like to ask what cultural gap do you see in between greece and turkey for example ? 
  do you think eastern europe is more progressive than turkey ?
