  europe would n't have to deal with refugees or security/integration issues or getting blackmailed by turkey and erdogan would be more than happy with the new refugee cities since turkey would have massive influence over it . 
  oh about the headscarf thing ? 
  its just a show off , she does n't actually wear it . 
  just put it on when she was converted to the islam for the 3rd time or something . 
  why ? 
  to be perfectly honest i 'd consider being pro-erdogan journalist or political actor if offered since they are being paid with crazy amount of money . 
  it sounds like avatar so probably hindu or something like that but there are indeed smilarities with turkish . 
  for example morgul basically means purple rose in turkish . 
  and uruk sounds like y\u00f6r\u00fck , which means nomadic turks . 
  other than that some etymologists claim that black speech ( in letters ) is very smilar to the ancient turkish ( gokturk ) alphabet . 
  no , its the exact opposite . 
  that woman was one of the top models in turkey before she became pro-erdogan and now she is acting like as if she is some sort of opinnion leader lol . 
  everyone knows eru illuvatar created the world . 
  its all proven and documanted in the silmarillion . 
  have you ever been in r/worldnews or liveleak ? 
  r/europe is pretty ok except when it comes to the presidents . 
  you tell me . 
  oh c'mon thats bullshit , you are so biased towards islam . . death to america t-shirt comes with both blue and red colors since it respresents the usa flag . 
  get your facts straight !, 
  your mehthods are questionable but effective . 
  whispers allah akbar instead of yelling . . otherwise it would be unethical . 
  you shall not pass . 
  conservative turks always come up with ` thats not the real islam ' bullshit whenever fucked up news come up in the middle east . 
  so yeah realislam.dll and 404 real islam memes are quiet popular and probably majority of those 21 percent are atheists . 
  thats somewhat true . 
  does an x event or factor affects turkish economy ? 
  if the answer is no , its just a waste of time trying to find out what majority of the turks think because that though may change in a year . 
  do n't forget the secret deal in between alliens and obama . 
   almost 50 percent said they favoured the current parliamentary system , with 28.6 percent in favour of a presidential system . 
  ** more than 22 percent said they had no opinion . 
  ** turks in a nutshell . 
  lots of people said ` they 're kurds right ? ', 
  when asked about isis lol . 
  these people are not violent , just stupid . 
  source of legitimacy is turkish people not allah lol . 
  we never ever had theology in our history , not even during ottoman-era and ever since turkish republic has been established the motto of the parliament is sovereignty unconditionally belongs to the nation . 
  http://i.imgur.com/lykqew2.jpg * imam hatip schools : turkey is not the only country with religious schools and its definitely not the norm for students nor its popularity is increasing . 
  imam hatip schools had 500k students during mid 90s when turkish population in turkey was 55 million and still have the same number of students in 2015 with turkey having nearly 80 million population . 
  these schools were threated as 2nd class schools and set higher thresholds for them to go to the college . 
  not to mention girls with headscarfs were n't allowed to the colleges and tried to be persuaded to remove it . 
  akp just removed these stupid laws and other parties didnt oppose it since that was somewhat undemocratic thing to do against religious people . 
  religious schools total : 800k students secular schools : 18 million students * rallying with a quran : an unethical thing to do but it has no affect on peoples 's way of life or government . 
  conservatives do what conservatives got ta do , its not like republicans in usa hold bible in their campaigns or refer to bible in their speech . 
  http://i.imgur.com/e87kuh6.jpg * by forcing sunni islam school education on every child . 
  incorrect , i did n't even know that im sunni muslim till i 'm like 15 or 16 or any clue about whats sunni whats alevi etc. 
  u do n't hear these stuff on schools . 
  just randomly ask 10 people ( any age group ) what sunni , shia or other stuff means and see for yourself . 
  * promoting the hijab as the norm in society . 
  also incorrect , erdogan never promoted hijab nor said anything about how woman should dress . 
  80 percent of the women were covering their hairs in 90s and now its 50 percent and decreasing . 
  * diverse laws of prohibition in line with the sharia . 
  such as ? 
  * by imprisoning secular journalists . 
  nothing to do with being secular . 
  every anti-akp journalist is in danger . 
  there are probably more islamist journalists in jail than secular ones but kurdish journalists are the majority in the jail . 
  * support a takeover of egypt and syria by the islamofascist `` muslim brotherhood '' organisation . 
  turkey is trying to find allies in the middle east since countries like bulgaria , romania etc jumped into eu and turkey did n't so they are not supporting them for being muslim or islamist . 
  in fact erdogan called them to adopt secularism . 
  isis is already an evil organisation , if turkey had the interest to wage war upon isis , noone would say anything negative and in fact probably would support turkey . 
  but as for pkk some eu countries support them . 
  so if pkk ever goes for sucidie bombing in western city u can expect turkey to go full-scale war on pkk and its allies . 
  he talks non-sense all the time and i totally disagree with his political views and actions but erdogan had the full authority to pass any islamic law he would like to . 
  name me one islamic law in turkey ? 
  they banned showing image of the dead bodies and spreading miss information such as pkk did it or isis did it etc. 
  either pay salaries to all the imams , priests etc. 
  or non of them . 
  so there is actually a country which is worse than north korea on freedom of press . 
  its not an absurd estimation , poland spent arround % 1.8 of its total gdp for defence since 2000s and now they have a conservative goverment so it is probably higher . 
  http://www.nato.int/nato_static_fl2014/assets/pdf/pdf_2015_06/20150622_pr_cp_2015_093-v2.pdf page six , first chart . 
  finally we into eu . 
  we just had to gib clay . 
  are countries equally strong ? 
  makes sense . 
  hitler was only an amateur compared to mao . 
  hurriyet is pretty reliable tho . 
  dont be silly , greeks are christians turks . 
  do you honestly believe that russia and turkey will go to war ? 
  turkey becomes safer if government invests on education and science , i invite you to 2016 . 
  such a waste of money , just to show off . 
  its all good man , they are extremely progressive people and benelux plus france love them . 
  accept them with both hands !, 
  i know tolkien and i already stated that he ` probably ' portrayed nazis as orcs . 
  i just though my pov fitted better for europe . 
  other than that he seems to be racist in his work since white characters or nations ( except rhun and numenorians ) are heroic while all the dark and brown skinned nations are evil . 
  actually not even numernorians and rhun since they are not evil but manipulated to become one . 
  uk has nothing to do with it tho its more about france , germany , belguim etc. 
  nazi was short time thing doesnt count . 
  even tho tolkien probably portrayed nazis as orcs since he lived in that era . 
  but i think its way better like this ; ottomans = mordor turks , mongols = rhun persians and arabs = easterlings shire = england arnor = byzantine gondor = germany-austria switzerlands = dwarves ( always neutral and rich ) isengard = some balkan countries , and converted armanians , greeks and jews . 
  numenorians = atlantis rohan = slavs who are good at removing kebab ( tho rohan had anglo-saxon culture more likely ) elves = no country fits in here tbh ( elves were archenemy of sauron for ages but did almost nothing during the events of war of the ring other than protecting lothlorien and mirkwood from dol guldur and no they did n't aid rohirim at the helms deep in the original story ), 
  i think ottomans would fit better for mordor . 
  russia is like rohan or something ( racist towards dunlendings and dwarves but effective to remove orcs ) . 
  i think its the exact opposite . 
  majority of the muslims are ok people while islam promotes violance towards non-muslims . 
  all the extremist islamist combined would be like % 0.01 of total muslim population . 
  its like very loud 1 percent thing except its not even one percent . 
  well total manpower of isis ( arround 50k ) is equal to % 0.4 of total refugees only in turkey . 
  u can bet your ass there are isis militans in europe waiting to attack . 
   since people simply do n't put boats to sea as there are 2-3 meters high waves now , while it 's too early to asses effectiveness of turkey 's actions .
