  what happens if an x country claims the moon ? 
  we keep hearing the same shit since the 80s but now we got an atheist miniority instead and people who openly criticize islam . 
  fair enough but you guys always come up with as if akp voters are sharing same values with the muslims in the middle east . 
  imam hatip students are in decline . 
  see population growth and imam hatip students in between 90s and 2015 . 
   restricting alcohol . 
  still better than most of europe and us . 
  ca n't buy drink at migros and tekels ( % 99 of the times u can ) after 10 pm but legal at everywhere else . 
   in the meantime he took control of the justice system nothing to do with islam . 
  headscarf ban was completely unjust and undemocratic . 
  would you be okay with it if they banned wearing bikinis ? 
  i hope we will be finally get rid off them in the next elections but i have little faith in the opposition parties . 
  erdogan actually had enough members of parliament to change the constitution or change the country to whatever he liked arround 2007 or something . 
  yet he did n't add a single islamic law . 
  pretty much all of the polls including pro-akp ones . 
   the japanese government has not granted refugee status to any of the kurds in japan who have fled from turkey due to persecution and resulted in them living in destitution , with no education and having no legal residency status . 
   the japanese government has not granted protection or refugee status to asylum seeking kurds from turkey while it has granted them to myanmar asylum seekers , the lack of protection has led to bullying by japanese children against kurdish children in schools because they look physically different . 
  just kidding :d . 
  i might be totally wrong but i 'm guessing that you ca n't really own mosques , churches or synagogues in turkey . 
  they are all state property i guess . 
  again this could be completely wrong . 
  ottoman expansion has ended in the late 1600s . 
  you are portraying balkans as innocent kids and turks as barbarians . 
  it is not on us and even if it is you have no right to completely eradicate turkis cities . 
  even after 700 years half of our population were non-muslims . 
   20th century that killed 3 million people in a few years . 
  we had barely 1 million armenians in our country how can we possibly kill 3 million of them ? 
   are you seriously comparing a collection of isolated , unorganized events that occurred over a span of 300 years and multiple continents and lands to a 2 year government orchestrated genocide of 3 million people , carried out by a single people , in a single land ? 
  unorganized events ? 
  seriously ? 
  so let 's say if turks killed 200k civilian armenians every 10 years after gaining one city at a time , you would n't call it a genocide ? 
  it has something to do with majority of turkic population settling in rumeli ( balkans ) and anadolu . 
  the territories in the middle east and north africa were lost but no change in demographics since we did n't really settle there . 
  the only reason cleanesing turks from balkans took 300 years is that ottomans had an army unlike armenians . 
  i 'm not justifying armenian genocide at all , just pointing out that it 's the same thing . 
  diyarbakir had its church active for the first time after nearly 100 years . 
  turkey had only 180 active churches before erdogan and they build nearly 100 new churches and restored 750 . it is under the urban renewal plans and they will build more churches . 
  i ca n't really blame nytimes for hating on erdogan at all but this article is complete trash since erdogan 's party spent shit tons of money on building and restoring hundreds of churches for % 0.4 of our total population . 
  take a look at sipahi system and demographics of those regions . 
  hell you could even at least read that shitty wikipedia link and have some clue about it . 
  you do n't need to make up an example to let us empathize with armenians . 
  people have issues with the term genocide because armenians are genocided but turks got ` removed ' . 
  noone is denying the existance of the event . 
  both cases should be considered as genocide . 
   ( often kurd related ) there was only one negative thing about this for kurds and that 's just ` not conquering and ethnically cleanesing 90 percent majority arab land ' to connect the cantons . 
  i mean look at this map , we are not even touching to any kurdish area . 
  http://21stcenturywire.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/2300syria-isis-7-27-15.jpg pros for the rest of us : - isis gets annihilated . 
  - un or nato troops defending reguee cities . 
  - no passing through for european ( or international ) jihadists from turkish border since troops from multiple nations will protect it . 
  - erdogan happy , eu happy therefore no tensions . 
  - refugees are no longer refugees and it would be easier to aid them in syria than in europe or turkey . 
  kurdistan regional government is turkey 's only ally in the middle east other than israel for like 2-3 decades . 
  i think at this point it should be clear that insulting erdogan wo n't let us get rid of him . 
  europeans who recently heard about erdogan is like 5 years earlier version of turkish opposition . 
  just let him be and wait for next election because he has no respect for anyone or anything other than power . 
  he even said he would wear priest clothes for his power . 
  he also said he would demolish mosques to build roads . 
  so do n't think this guy has any values ( including religious values ) . 
  syrians will stay in both eu and turkey . 
  rest of them ( immigrants ) will be deported . 
  opposition was actually majority but they are all retarded except chp . 
  i think it could be something to do with developing a nuke in the early 50s . 
  it is related with russia so it belongs in here just like the thread about italian engineers fixing mosul dam . 
   what i learned in school is that only istanbull and the region around is part of europe . 
  we have 5 cities ( edirne , tekirdag , canakkale , istanbul and k\u0131rklareli ) and 12,5 million people ( 16,5 m if you take istanbul as a whole ) live in the europe continent . 
  its only geography tho i think aegean region of turkey is definitely more progressive and liberal therefore turkish redditors think being ` european ' is a meaningless word from their point of view . 
  iran is number one enemy of israel . 
  assad , iran and russia are bff right now . 
   for the south , reunification would mean access to the $ 800 billion turkish market , as turkey does not recognise the republic . 
  for the north , it would be a chance to tap eu funds and revamp an economy that now subsists on tourism , casinos , strip clubs and a bloated public sector bankrolled by ankara . 
  i wonder what will happen to the turkish businesspersons who own hotels and casinos in northern cyprus after the reunification . 
  they 'll no more have visa-free travel and why would they invest any money on cyprus anymore ? 
   without direct intervention by other countries . 
  yes ? 
  we were one of the first nations to decriminalize homosexuality and give woman rights to vote and be elected . 
  as for secularism , only 9 percent of the total population want to abandon secularism . 
  you 're probably right about the freedom of speech since erdogan gets 40 percent of the votes . 
  so nearly 1/2 of the turks do n't care about it . 
  definitely elitist and pretty arrogant towards turks . 
  sure having erdogan as president does n't help but getting compared to the other muslim countries always annoy me . 
  i just hope this perception will be gone when we get rid of erdogan and people may see that we are not so different than the globalized world . 
   dont see any european country purposefully adding to / incentivating the migration what makes you think that ? 
   gain political leverage over the others we are talking about europe right ? 
  how is turkey acting any different than other european states ? 
  you can just replace turkey with x country and call them enemies for not wanting 3 million foreign people on their country . 
  [ greece 's defence minister threatens to send migrants including jihadists to western europe ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/11459675/greeces-defence-minister-threatens-to-send-migrants-including-jihadists-to-western-europe.html ), 
  my dad earns more than that per month and i feel like we are poor as fuck . 
  my daily spending ; 20 turkish lira ( tl ) = gas 5 tl = parking 15 tl = ciggaratte plus coffee . 
  30 tl = food that makes 70 tl total and i got only 30 tl ( 10 euros ) left to spend each day . 
  not sure what i 'm supposed to do with it . 
  it makes 3000 tl total each month and i 'm not even including my school money , special events or clothing . 
  add 1500-2000 tl more to your monthly spending if you want to rent a house and live alone . 
  it is n't legal . 
  they are estimating that there could be some people in that age group , i think . . 
  because it did n't work at the last time u tried . 
  reddit is n't popular tho . 
  now if they actually ban eksisozluk , things may get messy . 
  you just have to add ` commander ' at the end of your sentence if the officer is higher rank than you . 
  otherwise you call him by his rank . 
  like this ; major : sup lieutenant ?
