  yeah in terms of gdp per capita . 
  im not saying its not a good measurement or anything , pretty much all countries with high gdp per capita are well developed countries but u cant label a country rich or poor based on this one quantification . 
  by this logic as i mentioned earlier greece is way more richer than china and russia combined lmao . 
  we do n't . 
  nationalits and conservativist ( which is more than 50 percent of the country combined ) want to keep it probably because south eastern part of turkey was turkish land for more than thousand years . 
  there is basically nothing special but empty mountains in that area and even the kurds move to the western part of the turkey whenever they had the chance . 
  they will be landlocked and starve to death . 
  no industry no oil no developement not even farming . 
  i got your poing but the link is outdated as it says 2011 and stuff . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd turkey has higher gdp per capita than bulgaria but less than poland . 
  oh wow i did n't know that at all , thanks for clarfying . 
  i was just wondering that on wikipedia it says turkey has the 53 percent gdp per capita percentage of 28 eu countries . 
  tho its a bit outdated ( from 2011 ) when we had 7500 euros per capita and now it says we got 10482 euros per capita , so we probably can surpress that gap in close future . 
  is there any minimum gdp per capita requirement to join eu ? 
  by that logic china is one of the poorest countries in the world and noone should be in economic-parthership with them lol . 
  eastern part of turkey is undeveloped becuse of pkk and there are like 15 million people live there and stuff . 
  if kurds serperate from turkey the gdp per capita would be doubled but it doesnt mean turkey would be richer country . 
  in fact its economy would be damaged . 
   it would also need huge amounts of funds as it would be the third poorest country in the union . 
  serious ? 
  its up to turkish cypriots . 
  as far as i know they are willing to re-unite and be eu citizens . 
  yeah right because no eu country supports any terror organization except for peace loving heroic kurdish freedom fighters lol . 
  all turkic republics are against the sharia law ( nearly 85 percent of the population ) and u guys still think we are islamist . 
  it will only be tolerated couple of times tho . 
  hey , does anyone know how can turkish aircrafts or anti-aircraft systems detect and shoot down a drone ? 
  i mean isnt it just a little bit bigger than the drones we buy on stores ? 
  not to mention a missile hit would blast that thing into millions of pieces . 
  im confused . . 
  its complicated because armanians are considered to be the best and most friendly miniority in ottomans and we lived side by side for like nearly 500 years . 
  we indeed are in denial because turks didnt hate armenians or anything but enver and talat pasha 's government wasnt a legimate one and we dont wan na take responsibility for such a horrible act . 
  nevertheless we should acknowledge and apologize for it . 
  yeah kurds and armanians were totally not slaughtering each other and best friends forever but ataturk came over and ruined it lmao . 
  pure bs . 
  ataturk has nothing to do with armanian or any kind of genocide since he was a mid-rank military officer too busy fighting allied forces and the first thing he did when he came to the power to ban the enver and talat pasha 's racist party . 
  some of the islamists dislike him for being atheist or non-religious . 
  turkey isnt an islamic country as media presents and i know for a fact alcohol is banned/haram in islam . 
  other than that we even used to drink heavly in islamic ottoman era ( banned once during murat iv 's reign because some sort of fire accident happened when soliders were too drunk ) . 
  i guess we love to drink or dont give too much shit about religion and it could apply to other muslim populated countries aswell . . i 'm not really sure about that but alcohol is definitely banned in quran without any exception . 
  this might be completely wrong but one of my friend 's dad told me which happens to be a very high ranking military officer . 
  the purpose of these dogfights are to train the pilots and measure the react-time . 
  not to mention there is a high possibility to get a civil war on your hand . 
  i for one example would never attack greece and kill greek people ( unless they attack us ) , i rather die . 
  i got lots of greek friends and we are pretty cool tho im aware both countries have racist retards like any other country . 
  its directly a secular country regardless what erdogan says on press . 
  akp made 0 ( zero ) laws based on islam . 
  i know for a fact erdogan is islamist but he hides it and manipulates his voter base . 
  he can never dare to promote sharia law or say anything negative on secularism because his voter base isnt islamist like reddit says . 
  i think u confuse ` people ' with governments . 
  ask random turkish girls and guys about europeans and see for yourself if they hate them or adore them . 
  going easy on us about visa is more than enough . . nobody gives a shit about being an eu country in turkey . 
  turks are extremely pro-west and would love to travel these countries whenever they can and thats pretty much all we want . 
  im sorry but that was extremely arrogant i dont know even where to start . 
  first of all turkey always was and still is a secular country , no matter what erdogan says on press , life continues as it is . 
  erdogan is manipulating his voters and he can never dare to say anything negative on secularism or ataturk or promote sharia law . 
  he actually implicitly tried that on 2013 and after in a month millions of people gathered for anti-akp protests all over the country not to mention they lost majority this summer and cant form a government and erdogan is now nothing but a figurehead . 
  we dont have real democracy when erdogans akp has like 10x bigger budget than other parties and they got 40 percent of the votes while main opposition chp got % 25 ( note that nearly a million voters of this party voted for hdp which is a kurdish party so they can pass trough threshold ) . 
  not to mention turkish people are extremly pro-west and despise middle easterners . 
  even the erdogans akp voters have 0 clue about islam but define themselves as muslims . 
  i mean just have a trip on turkey for a week and call it a islamic country if u can . 
  its true . 
  i also hate akp and never ever plan to vote for them but this was the best thing they have ever done . 
  administrations , leaders , ideals , even religions and states changed so many times in the history of turks i dont have such dark thoughts about akp gaining some vote for couple of years comparing to leaving millions of people 's fate to bunch a couple of islamic lunatics . 
  it is horrible thing to do and any human should feel sorry and help about it . 
  i saw some syrian refugees on traffic and its not that bad . 
  they say something allah stuff stuff with some mixed turkish words they just learned and thats it . 
  tldr : i cant speak on behalf of turkish people but as an agnostic person syrian refugees didnt affect my life or anyone else in my city as far as i see in istanbul . 
  it has good points but then again noone gives a shit about it since turkey is taking care of 2 millions of people which is like basically a size of a country . 
  istanbul is a horrible example on this matter . 
  should have go for right wing conservative cities . 
  u see nearly no difference in between any eu city and istanbul . 
  2 millions of refugees who fled to turkey are not in custody . 
  they are free to get back in to their country . 
  its no surprising thing to say that some of those might be isis terrorist . 
  i start to think that essad and saddam was a brutal dictators and complete assholes but the uk/usa invasion to middle east wasnt a big succes and made everything even way worse than before . 
  blaming turkey on this matter is completely retarded . 
   if you 've only seen 5-10 then i doubt there 's 300k in your city not sure about the exact number but it was some hundred thousands as far as i remember . 
   you also have no western women who they think are sluts . 
  probably . 
  they all seemed nice people who try to make a living instead of judging people ( or at least act like it ) . 
  i do n't think he is trolling . 
  i do n't know why people call japanese cartoons anime neither . 
  i 'm about to google whats the difference in between anime and cartoon, 
  is it really that bad ? 
  how many refugees are there in your city ? 
  i think we have like 300k + in istanbul and i 've only seen 5-10 refugees ever since the syrian civil war has begun . 
  it is already the case do n't you think ? 
  we are just more pc now . 
  i 'm afraid it does n't work like that . 
  if it did we would use the same defence with cup against armenian genocide . 
   special status about trade and research and information exchange and what not . 
  it would just be more honest . 
  it 's already there , i think . . the point is the opposition is the exact opposite of erdogan and turkish government will be most likely be more liberal than most western countries once they get elected . 
  center right is also there but it has been swallowed by erdogan . 
  long story short ; we wo n't be always like this which is why i believe eu does n't want to reject the membership . 
  so what is your point ? 
  do you deny the fact that cyprus junta commited war crimes such as intentionally killing civilians or prisoners , torture , destroying civilian property , taking hostages , pillaging , and using weapons that cause superfluous injury or unnecessary suffering ? 
  if you do deny it we can stop the discussion here . 
  you also did n't reply to me sending 500k + cypriots back to cyprus . 
  just let it out and say you do n't want turks in cyprus and get it over with it mate .
