  we do n't really have much pro-erdogan or right wing people on this sub or reddit in general . 
   likewise the area you call turkey was greek for millenia til ; phrygians , bithynians , medescarians , persians , romans , galatians , hittites , isaurians , luwians , lycians , lydians , mysians , lycaonians , palaics , pamphylians , pisidians , sidians etc. 
  were greek . 
   yes , you 're obviously doing them a favour by bombarding them . 
  turkey is bombing a pkk held area in iraq and most of the times with the help of kurdistan regional government . 
  what does this law have anything to do with the picture of the ataturk in erdogan 's room ? 
  except he has been killed by the pkk . 
  honestly i do n't mean no offense but a kurdish nationalist miniority party will never be a threat to major parties . 
  akp and chp is a bigger threat to each other . 
   unspoken rule really ? 
  they do n't even obey the existing rules . 
  the area you call kurdistan was armenian and turkish majority land for centruies and turks hold the land for nearly a milennium . 
  demograhpics of that region changed multiple times due to being a barren wasteland really . 
  i 'd love to see a referandum for kurds if they wan na be in turkish republic or starve to death in a land locked mountain country . 
  just like you annexed southern macedonia , serbia , bulgaria and albenia : / . 
  some people do actually , at least on this platform . 
  blame is on usa and uk , not nato . 
  while i somewhat agree with your post , i 'm curious about one thing . 
  whats wrong with preventing kurds from linking their territories ? 
  that area in between them is like 90 percent arab . 
  should we annex northern iran and link our country with other turkik countries ? 
  and that would n't even be the same case since azeris are majority in the north iran . 
  you do n't get jailed 10 years for penal code 301 . its like 6 months which means getting fined for 1k euros . 
  he is sentenced for something related with illegeal construction of a building ( s ) . 
  by quiete alright and some awards do you mean that they are the top european airline for the last 5 years ? 
  i think you confuse banishing people from their homeland with two-state solution transfer . 
  its no war-crime and definitely not comparable with state sponsored racist militant group mass murdering innocent civilians . 
   if greece is eoka , then turkey is tmt . 
  i did n't say that . 
  greece is a cool country and has its own racist group like any other nation . 
  my point is that junta and eoka are as responsible as enver pasha . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_invasion_of_cyprus invasion started literally 5 days after the coup , whats your point ? 
   are you reffering to eoka and the junta?no one elected them , they oppressed greeks too and besides turkey and tmt also mass murdered greek cypriots ( turks too ) . 
  its like saying noone elected enver pasha so turks are not responsible for armenian genocide . 
  you ca n't be seriously reading these events like that , you 're probably trolling me . 
   settlement of occupied territory and deportation of inhabitants of occupied territory is a war crime , period . 
  no , you see it gets justified after u mass murder random people for their ethnicity . 
  junta administration was unlawful itself . 
   junta goverment did n't exist when turkey occupied the island . 
  i was refering to ` war crime ' . 
  you seem to misunderstand what it actually means . 
  some military actions are justified . 
  if you install a junta government and start to mass-murder civilians you can most certainly expect to be invaded by another country . 
  kalamar rightful turkish food . 
  how do you explain its perfect combination with raki ? 
  that feeling when someone comes up with something so stupid u ca n't be sure if she/he is trolling . 
  agreed . 
  its not an illegeal occupation but sending settlers therefore changing demographics of the region was unfair . 
  also annan plan was a joke . 
  u 're both wrong . 
  i hope erdogan will not demand to demolish the trump towers . 
  turkey put geographical restrictions on that convention . 
  turkey will take refugees only from european continent . 
  it makes sense , it really does but this is kinda weird for turkish redditors because kurdish politicians are speaking kurdish in turkey , there is a government tv channel which streams in kurdish , we got ministers and deputies who speak kurdish , we got kurdish members of the parliament who visit the kurdish pkk sucidie bomber to give condolances but in the end we get blamed for genociding kurds . 
  so we think that eu member states must be hardcore humanist , multi-cultural and diversity lovers . 
  those molecules get you high not the stupid leaf . 
  they do n't question these kind of things or anything really . 
  they just love their stronk leader who defend their country against the whole world . 
  this guy is all about talking but no action and he is doing it to gain votes of the conservative people . 
  its very common thing to see that people get sentenced for life but then released after two months . 
  it does matter , they wan na change it but they ca n't do it . 
  suddenly everyone starts to have eating disorders and depression . 
  also there are ministers and deputies of prime minister who speak kurdish on live tv . 
  i do n't think turkey is the worst on this matter . 
   be thankfull russia right now since she is trying to fix the problem in syria :d . 
  i think there were like 1k turkish troops defending constantinople against mehmet . 
  they probably betrayed you . 
  why specifically migrants ? 
  i 'm sure any kind of hate speech is not ok in germany so fb should go after hate speech in general if they are so worried about the national laws . 
  damn . . you got me . 
  again another untrue stereotype . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_cigarette_consumption_per_capita i do smoke tho :p, 
  we do eat yogurt like everyone else but not sure if that counts as a stereotype . 
  i ca n't enjoy any of these sterotypes about turks because nearly all of them are false and unrelated . 
  yeah , those guys are probably dividing all that wealth for familiy members . 
  for example this ulker guy from turkey is the richest on that list with 4.4 billion but koc family has like 60-70 billion which is nearly equal to 10 percent of the total gdp of turkey . 
  its harder than finding cure to aids , ebola , h1n1 and cancer combined . 
  if the main opposition or other parties were to be in power in turkey , you woud n't get blackmailed . 
  they 'd immediately send you all the refugees ( every single one of them ) and remind you about geneva refugee convention . 
  also fyi erdogan is not blackmailing eu on this matter since turkey legally has no obligation to take care of these refugees . 
  its just ** out of good will ** and turkey is not asking money to buy some cocain . . money will directly go to the refugee camps since they cost arround 5 billion each year . 
  as for nato , thats pretty much the ` only ' reason why every member state joined the pact . 
  not really . . what makes you think that ? 
  when erdogan uses the word allah or talk positively about islam we immedietly become islamist sharia country and people start to call that turkey is becoming iran but when it comes to russia or another christian majority country we do n't hear these stuff . 
  they use priests to bless the soliders ( and even [ jets ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/russian-orthodox-priest-blesses-a-su27-sm-fighter-jet-on-the-airfield-picture-id459606800 ) lol ) , they got political parties named ` christian democrats ' but in the end we get blamed for being islamists . 
  russia is getting christianisationed by a christianist dictator . . 
   `` supporting terrorist organization '' thats about gulen and his cult . 
  although they are n't really armed as far as i know . 
  nope , it did n't work great last time we tried . 
  installing puppet governments for cheap oil is a better option . 
  there is actually a law about this . 
  if you film your teacher without his/her permission u get something called disciplinary penalty which means absolutely nothing , they call your parents and thats it . 
  you ca n't be kicked out of school for something like this . 
  even when i was in elementary school like 10-15 years ago everyone had cellphones , we recorded every single moment and noone got in trouble for it and i ca n't even imagine this new generation , they 'd probably shoot porn in the class and get away with it . 
  thats not illegeal tho . 
  in fact government is planning to give away 10 million free ipads to the students at the end of this year . 
  come now which faction in the syrian civil war has turkish military equipments ? 
  we know that usa supplied tows , javelin missiles etc. 
  to the multiple factions and ` accidently ' dropped guns to the pretty much everyone in this conflict several times . 
  even the republican politicans started to agree that iraq invasion was a horrible act and caused so much trouble even to this day .
