  you said you would take them . 
  source ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees  the problem is yours not really . . arabs have been fighting with each other for centuries and it would n't be the first time for turkey to deny the refugees from that region . 
   spleaking about turkik , you are paying them well to keep the war up , do n't you ? 
  oh you 're talking about turkmens of syria . 
  they have no interest in turkey . 
  they are arabified . 
  i was more like refering to azeris , tatars etc. 
  as for supporting the turkmens and fueling up the fire ; they are a small faction in the opposition group fsa . 
  they did n't cause any event for mass refugees . 
  in fact most of them ( if not all of them ) fled from assad , russia and isis . 
   erdogan will pay for his crimes against kurds , one day or an other . 
  we have not forget what you did to them at the borders . 
  turkey is not fighting with the kurds . 
  pkk is one of many kurdish groups . 
  the strongest and the most legitimate kurdish group is our second closest ally in the middle east after israel . 
  see ; kurdistan regional government . 
  let 's share the refugees equally then . .  they are in un so they have to host refugees if needed nope . 
  turkey was the only country to put geographical restrictions on geneva convention . 
  taking refugees is something forced by the eu and turkey changed the laws ( softened to be more accurate ) to take syrians . 
  however . . refugees can not stay on turkey forever accoring to the new law . 
  they can stay here untill they get a new safe home in an another country or just go back to their home . 
   jordan has refugees so what ? 
  i would n't mind hosting turkik refugees who share the same language and culture with us . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation that does n't apply to turkey . 
  in fact turkey had no obligation to take non-european refugees . 
  one middle eastern backward religion is getting more followers than the other backward middle eastern backward religion . 
  such a tradegy . . 
  neither refugees nor anti terror laws have anything to do with random people having a nice holiday on a different country . 
  both parties are retarded as fuck and it 's a fact . 
  at least brits do n't carpet bomb those kids . 
  to be perfectly honest erdogan does n't give a shit about assad or egypt . 
  turkey needs alternative trade partners and allies for eu . 
  it makes perfect sense to not rely on a single party ( eu for example ) . 
  its not like there is something wrong with being partner or even being part of the eu but you never know whats going to happen in the future . 
  who would have thought that the fight in between russia and ukraine 10 years ago ? 
  not to mention turkey is in the middle of 3 continents and we used to only trade with eu for decades . 
  now it dropped to 30 percent and we do n't rely on them as much as we did in the past . 
  fuck with russia ? 
  get the gas from iran . 
  fuck with iran ? 
  get the oil from sa . 
  fuck with the sa and get the gas from israel . 
  no problem . 
  this has nothing to do with islam or any ideology . . it is just pragmatism . 
  as an atheist i would have done the same thing with erdogan and look for allies in the middle east / north africa with using religion if necessary ( it definitely is seeing ` be secular ' speech by erdogan backfired in that region ) therefore i conclude that erdogan would n't act like this if we joined the eu 10 years ago . 
  add ` lose/gain weight responsibly ' to the ads and it 's good to go . 
  10 million turks already visit europe each year anyway and i do n't think its always the same people . 
  i had ` wow !, 
  impressive ! ', 
  so probably not . 
  i might have only one wrong answer . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers but all the france tours are completely full . . including the ones which offer 2 days for 2500 euros ( normally benelux + paris tours cost around 500 euro for 4-5 days ) . 
  a radical muslim would n't drink alcohol therefore if there are beer bottles outside , the police will think that they are n't a threat . 
  we still did n't get any money or free visa tho . 
  i know some people have bad perceptions on turkey but you would go apeshit crazy in a year if you hosted 3 million refugees in greece . 
   buy land in southern turkey and run our own refugee centers there . 
  that would be 10x times more expensive actually . 
  not to mention you ca n't run anything but provide some services under the control of turkish interior ministry . 
  well played croatia . 
  both the team and the fans were amazing . 
  i hate fatih terim . . just have sex with arda turan if you love him so much . 
  there is n't much difference in between iran and saudi arabia to be honest . 
  both countries have dress code for women . 
  both countries execute homosexuals and people who do n't believe in god . 
  and many other disgusting laws . 
  his honor is the supreme judge to acknowledge who is native or who is not . 
  til you are n't native after 700 years because u/newweimarrepublic says so . 
   kept scoring and winning 2002 world cup ( south korea ) probably . 
  we lost to brasil at semi finals :( . 
  it does n't sound bad when you do n't understand the language . 
  do n't worry we suck balls this year . 
  edit : hey leave tarkan out of this !, 
  trump actually has towers in turkey ( the first ones in europe ) and complimented on erdogan but you never know what 's going to happen in the future . 
  turkey does n't request any nato troops to defend the country , you do n't have to give a shit in the first place . 
  my point is entirely different . 
  2 percent includes salaries of military officers and pensioners . 
  it does n't improve your military strength . 
  i would rather want poland to invest their 1 percent on research and technological development instead of spending 2 percent on soliders . 
  that 's why turkey insist on conscription because they are more focused on the tanks , drones , jets , missiles , laser tech . 
  why are people so obsessed with two percent thing . 
  paying more salaries to military officers does n't improve your military strength . 
  technology and military equipments are what really matters . 
  i met with the ldp leader . 
  he would be the best prime minister we ever had but unfortunetly noone votes for him even tho he is pretty popular . 
  i had no clue frexit was a thing and what 's wrong with bendy bananas . . 
  it does n't change the fact that they would be still landlocked . 
  they have to cooperate with neighboring countries . 
  kurdistan regional government for example is turkey 's ally and sometimes accused of being puppet state for turkey while rojova is hostile towards turkey but supported by lots of countries . 
  just google erbil and rojova and see the difference in between working with neighboring countries and being hostile against them . 
  see if international community improves your economy . 
   maybe the population do n't wants to they 'd rather get carpet bombed in war zones ? 
  or called scumbag muslim in europe ? 
   but the main party pushing for a no fly zone in the north of syria is erdogan and his akp . 
  turkey and germany . 
  the two countries who hold the most refugees in europe . 
  its only natural . 
  i was born in anatolia/black sea region where akp is vast majority . 
  no they are n't as religious as you think . 
  religion nearly never gets mentioned in daily life except religious events . 
  mosques are completely empty .
