  they do n't bomb abortion centers like the republicans in the usa . 
  tldr : they do n't practice islam , they just value it . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  i rarely use that button anyway . 
  as for your question ; we do n't want to be in charge anyway . 
  it can be nato troops , it can be un troops , it does n't matter at all . 
  saa claims to be fighting with isis . 
  why would n't they be happy for syrians to have a safe zone and let coalition wipe isis out of northern syria ? 
  i thought you were serious :d . 
  that 's syria . 
  i 'm talking about killing/capturing isis members in iraq and turkey . 
  you probably know why turkey ca n't attack syria with ground troops . 
  and no allied forces are willing to send ground troops so why should only turkish soliders die for the future of arabs , kurds and europeans ? 
  this is how that vehicle in the video works . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co31z8ankuw thats why they are so confident . 
   they both signed a ceasefire treaty that was in effect at this time . 
  yes ? 
  this video is from the same timeline and the laws were different back then hence why i used ` were ' in my first post . 
  i think u misunderstood the video . 
  those 2 dark skinned people are isis militants . 
  the ones who arrive with armed vehicle and heavy guns are turkish soliders . 
  soliders were not allowed to shoot at terrorists in turkey unless they fire at you first . 
  in 2013 , 397 anti-terror operations against pkk was denied by the governor out of 400 requests . 
  especially if the hostile units are out of your territory you need the parliament approval for operations . 
  as you can see turkish soliders arrive the border heavly armed to warn the hostile units to move away from the border . 
  they were simply not allowed to shoot them . 
  turkey is in anti-isis coalition and killed/captured more isis members than whole european countries combined ( including russia ) . 
  turkey supports isis perspective comes from the fight with pkk . 
  a terror group which carried thousands times more attacks than isis . 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted . 
  turkey was more liberal and democratic than the majority of the eu members in 1800s-2013 . 
  turkey is forced to find a new path or at least an alternative to europe . 
  it is only natural for the government to change their perspective . 
  what is turkey supposed to say to middle eastern countries ? 
  be secular ? 
  well erdogan actually tried that in egypt and called atheist devil western puppet by everyone in the me/na region . 
  now that he find out that it does n't work that way on that region he started to act like as if he is anti-western . 
  only by the words tho there has been no action at all . 
  it has been 3 years with millions of refugees and we still did n't get any help from eu ( yes we still did n't get a single euro or any serious moral support ) . 
  it was n't trending . 
  lots of people in turkey already say fuck islam or religion after these events all the time . 
  i remember that even a mayor or governor said ` im not muslim if this is islam ' after getting angry at akp . 
  that 's why there is no european superpower anymore . 
  we should have just build nukes and bomb our soil with it . 
  jokes aside this has got ta be the dumbest correlation ever . 
  because that 's the way it is . 
  allied forces are just testing their super weapon called ` weather storm ' , nothing to see here . 
  its not treding . 
  there are like 100ish tweets by 30 accounts . 
  half of them are fake/troll accounts and the other half is condemning the hashtag . 
  100 tweet out of half million about the terror attack does n't mean racism is on the rise . 
  damn , it seems like you were right . 
  all that 30 people with half of them being troll accounts and the other is half is outraging about the hashtag but you got ta realize that there are nearly 40 million active social media users in turkey . 
  downvoted for not following obama . 
  i swear to god if i do n't become celebrity or super rich in this country i will have serious self-confidence problems . 
  i wonder where do you get this ? 
  can you screenshot that hashtag ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s_jx5ulgoc4 turkish airlines doing a great job with their videos . 
  you can check their youtube page for more . 
  eh i 'm not that rich anyway . 
  how bad could it be ? 
  does n't matter , every country is unique . 
  usa apologised for ill treatment of native americans but never admitted the genocide . 
  just like erdogan apologised for deporting and killing armenians but never used the term genocide . 
  assuming this guy comes up with ` have a blood test ' , i 'm saying that genetically he does n't look turkish at all . 
  we have interacted with mongons , persians , slavs , armenians , greeks , jews , arabs , kurds , caucasians and many others . 
  so this blood test bullshit makes no sense at all assuming he is from north east / black sea region where turkified pontus greeks and georgians live . 
  he does n't have a huge nose like pontus greek so he probably has georgian ancestors ( genetically speaking ) . 
  our population is ethnically very mixed and the turkic genetics are long gone after the collapse of sipahi system . 
  i 'm assuming the idea here is to protect ` passive gays ' from sexual assaults . 
  that 's why openly active gays still have to serve . 
  the military is insanely strict and you ca n't question the laws or high ranked officers therefore in practice tsk embarrasses itself . 
  same applies to women soliders . 
  they are thinking about conscripting women but turkish population and the army is so big it ca n't be aranged so women can only be commanders . 
  i do n't think tsk is sexist or gay hater since we had everyone involved in our independence war . 
  or you could gib eu to us and we 'd patrol it for you . 
  disclaimer : we take no responsibility for sinking chinese vessels . 
  it would be their fault . 
  hat law from 1925 . every single state officer must wear fedora hats when performing their duty lol . 
  noone gives a fuck about it or ever gets punished for it but it 's still there . 
  do n't get too comfortable tho , everyone thought ` insulting president ' was an ancient law too and see what happened after erdogan . 
   women civilian personnel have been assigned to the headquarters staff , technical fields , and social services without sexual discrimination . 
  women officers serve in all branches except armor , infantry , and submarines . 
  this does n't apply to turkish armed forces . 
  female turkish officers serve in all branches . 
  mehmet ( male name ) or merve ( female name ) my love , i will do you for the good of turkey . 
  kurds are the reason why we have erdogan in the first place . 
  even in the last election a kurdish party got into the parliament for the first time and even in that election erdogan had half of the kurdish votes . 
   last time i watched the kurds have woman in their armed forces so do we . 
  there are currently 90 women colonels ( the highest rank an officer can go unless they became kurmay earlier ) . 
  in fact we may have a female general in 2045 . 
   do n't enforce hijabs and woman can become anything a man can . 
  how do you think turkish women live ? 
   to me a they look like they are part of the few people that already arrived in the 21 . century in turkey . 
  feel free to have a trip over there and see for yourself . 
  in our culture everyone can call themselves turk if they want to but if someone like erdogan ( who does n't even have a turkish look ) calls other people ` you are n't turk ' it is only natural for people to call erdogan ` look at yourself first ' . 
  so what the u/w4hammer says is a typical response in turkey in these kind of situations . 
  probably yes . 
  i heard the same shit from muslims all the time . 
  the constitution of the republic of turkey article 81 .
