  akp is making a fool of themselves and they arent really scaring anyone anyway . 
  millions of people still insult him daily . 
   erdogan is a female ? 
  o.o tansu ciller was . 
  edit : i mean tansu ciller was our first female president . 
  she is still a female :p  women can wear what they want in the uae , egypt , israel as far as i 'm aware . 
  not really . 
  https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/06/dress-awareness-sign-at-mall-of-the-emirates-375x281.jpg israel is located in middle east but definitely do n't share the same culture with the rest of the me countries . 
  thats actually 100 percent accurate . 
  at first erdogan administration was like ` nope we are not sending anything to anyone ' then there were trucks which are passing through the border and then erdogan was like ` no thats just humanitarian aid , its not like we are sending guns to any opposition group ' and finally this guy published the video of turkish soliders stopping trucks , arresting drivers and containing the guns . 
  erdogan without any shame said ` why does it matter if there is gun or not . 
  its our duty protect turkmen miniorities in syria ' . 
  i 'd kinda try to understand ( not like i approve ) arresting mouthpiece of pkk members but arresting this man was extremely retarded thing to do and will cause trouble in the future once erdogan and his minnions drop out of the parliament . 
  just make your trip plan for a week or two with your girlfriend and then try to get visa for a month . 
  next thing u probably say is wtf is wrong with these people ? 
  my examples probably doesnt fit to the thread since even we do n't understand most of the traditions of our people . 
  answering ` its me ' when u ring a bell will open any doors in turkey . 
  if a person that you live with is going on a trip , you throw a glass of water after the car so the journey there and back flows as easily as water does . 
  actually 58 percent of the turkish population still wants to join the eu according to the polls . 
  and the rest of them does n't want it because of the pride tbh . 
  turkey would extremely benefit from joining the eu . 
  i do n't see how turkish armed forces are losing to pkk . 
  pkk accomplished absolutely nothing over 30 years . 
  they have no territorial gains , no major damage to any military base . 
  to be honest there isnt even a conflict going on . 
  they just set up ied and blow up light armored vehicles or attack the traffic police and run sometimes . 
  when they even fail to do that they just attack schools , libaries and most recently they set up a bomb in kindergarten . 
  count me 5 turkish pro-erdogan redditors and i suck your d. just because pkk is in conflict with turkey and erdogan is the head of state doesnt mean we are going to side with a terror organization lol . 
  its like saying ` hey excuse me mr terrorist . 
  u just killed my police cousin when he was off-duty and shopping with his wife and children . 
  but u still oppose erdogan right ? 
  ok nice . . i 'm with you !, 
  name me one midde eastern country ; with a female president . 
  women wear what they want . 
  with '' zero '' islamic law . 
  90 percent of its population opposes sharia law and favours secularism . 
  woman can play in pornographic movies and still accepted by the majority ( forget the pornography . . woman are getting stonned to death or hanged if they have sex w/o merriage in most middle eastern countries . . at best they just get arrested and be happy they are still alive ) . 
  lgbt parades are allowed to happen . 
  i 'm not even mentioning the extreme stuff of middle eastern countries such as women are not allowed to walk in the streets , watch football , drive a car etc. 
  i do n't think these operations will last untill there is no terrorist left with guns since during peace process they planted ieds all over the south east and caused 150 turkish soliders to die when everyone thinks this conflict was over for good . 
  he/she does have influence ( or will have when reachs 18 years old ) with the ratio of 1/53 .000.000 but then again we got this high threshold thing and islamist parties ca n't even reach 1 percent of the votes so yeah probably no influence . 
  plus i 'm not sure if turkish islamists would support isis since they have different religious view than arabs and persians . 
  thats extremely racist thing to say . 
  why should any kurdish citizen would be forced to leave because of some irrevelant group of peoples ' desicion . 
  many kurdish ( espcially the ones in the western cities ) respect the laws of turkish state and enjoys the money they make from their construction companies . 
  sorry about the sterotype btw . 
  are you serious ? 
  turkey tries to annihilate kurds but they ca n't because there are some kids with ak 47s and rpgs . . is that it ? 
  the most hardcore president we ever elected is arresting journalists who happens to be mouthpiece of terror organizations , big wow . 
  its not like i approve any of these actions of turkish government but if u could just go back 50 years in european history and see how people act during conflict . 
  what do you mean with culture ? 
  do u think turks have a different way of life with the rest of the europe and north america ? 
  turkey is not some sort of middle eastern country . 
  a better comparison wold be scotish people flee from england and then breed like rabbits and after 100-200 years demand independence on french soil while they also have their autonomy in scotland . 
  may be if u leave al-qaida alone and recognize it as a legit opposition surely they 'll stop attacking civilians , no ? 
  meh , looks like an avarage creep to me . 
  pretty much all the generations of turkish republic knows this man thanks to the trt . 
  that and lots of low effort turkish memes due to his dubbed classic phrase ` perhaps there is an x here ' or ` lets add more y there ' . 
  https://zarkafa.files.wordpress.com/2014/04/bob-ross.jpg http://i.capsspot.com/s/14/7/1156915.jpg, 
  i knew someone with turkish flair would say bob ross even before i clicked to the comments . 
  grey wolves organization is reformed . 
  all they do is sit in their ocaks and drink tea all day every day and they arent allowed to protest . 
  the retards who go to these events arent alligned to the grey wolves . 
   was the white palace entirely built on state money ? 
  sadly , yes . 
  actively used . 
  tho i think the muslim population who go to the church is probably higher than christian population lol ( probably wrong , i 'm just making this up ) because i always hear stuff like ` well its the same god right ? ', 
  or ` nothing wrong with praying here aswell ' all the time in churches . 
   we will trade 10 muslims for each christian . 
  lol, 
   lol , so suddenly areas that used to vote like 40 % akp 30 % hdp 30 % chp vote 0.1 % hdp 0.3 % chp 0.3 % mhp and 90 + % akp but of course there is `` absolutely no vote rigging '' . 
   ahah really . 
  you 'd have made the russian army in crimea proud ; that was the same kind of `` vote '' . 
  in which city or region that happened ? 
  its not like i think u are lying or anything but im curious . 
  http://secim.haberler.com/ http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/election/default.html  really . 
  real elections ( nov ) results i heard flying around by observers where around 30 % akp 30 % chp 25 % hdp 15 % mhp . 
  buth the first election results did n't pleased erdogan enough so he ignored them , redid them and stuff the urns this time . 
  dude even hdp deputies wouldnt believe it if they actually got 25 percent lol . 
  for more information ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_general_election,_2015  both . 
  the pkk should n't have shot those cops and certainly should n't declare `` independance '' because it 's never going to work in southern turkey right now and will only result in a lot of deaths ; but erdogan should n't have tried to do a thousand ( no joke . ), 
  airstrikes in 2 weeks with his entire airforce bombing the pkk round the clock in iraq and certainly should n't be busy stuffing urns , bilal erdogan should n't be smuggling what they know deep down is daeshi oil reality and not the fsa 's , and certainly not stealing all the millions and rigging the urns and laws and suppressing journos happily , crushing opponents with grey wolves etc. 
  dude i 'm no fan of erdogan or akp , never ever voted for him . 
  in fact i always vote for their archenemies chp so u do n't have to come up with akp is bla bla stuff to me . 
  i dont like them and will never vote for them its that simple . 
  other than that grey wolves hate erdogan and wouldnt do anything for him . 
  bilal erdogan does n't need isis oil , they dont get their hands on dirt , they would just collect tax . 
  elves and dwarves do not get free travel kind sir . 
  in fact they are n't welcome in pretty much all regions , especialy in between each other . 
  except for gondor 's osgiliath which seems like turkish-syrian border getting overrun by refugees . 
   falling for akp baiting is n't helping either they have been warned about it . 
  people told pkk to back off and let hdp handle it . 
  hdp also have been warned to stay away from pkk . 
  in this case who am i supposed to blame ? 
  we could overthrow akp and make erdogan ask for promotions of his pizza when he orders one by decreasing his budget to the 1 turkish lira . 
  they did n't listen any of it and got really cocky . 
  they nearly failed to surpass 10 percent threshold in the last election because of their stupidity . 
  and pkk accomplished absolutely nothing over 30 years . 
   yeah but too bad vote rigging ( 20 % of the whole thing ? ), 
  means akp get elected instead either way thats actually not true .
