  your suggestion is n't great aswell . 
  it does n't punish erdogan or his voter base . 
  i could even argue it would strengthen his voter base . . 
   in conjunction with accusations by figures like joe biden he took that back . 
  no that sounds just fine but no country would admit they are war criminals and acording to these articles , every country ( pretty much ) is a war criminal including cyprus . 
  every country on earth did a war crime according to these articles , its a joke . 
  not to mention turkish cypriots are forced to go to the northern part aswell . 
  i do n't mean no offense but i just do n't see how it is a crime . 
  we exchanged population with greece in ww1 and in cyprus issue . 
  and you very well should know what caused turkish invasion to secure the turkish citizens . 
   recognize the armenian genocide i do . 
  other wise i would n't use the term genocide because most people deny the term ` genocide ' not the killings . 
   remove the turkish army when they unite turkish army has no business in there ( idk maybe they ` request ' for a base or not )  remove settlers from cyprus i do n't see how you kick someone out from his/her/other property in a democratic country but okay let 's go with your race based logic . 
  however . . in this case you should be completely okay with all the turkish cypriots to return back to cyprus . 
  i think they have a population of 500k + right now  . 
  armenian genocide is completely irrelevant with the cyprus issue and you know it . 
  the only reason why there is no ` turkish genocide ' is that we could hold on in anatolia . 
  do n't act like removing ( totally not genocide ) turks from their homelands in the balkans is no crime . 
  i 'm not justifying the armenian genocide but the roles could be very well reversed seeing noone mentions about persecution ( not genocide by definition :d ) of 3 million ottoman muslims . 
  oh come on , if we had those intention we 'd do it a milenium ago not in this age where people go crazy over cutting 10-15 trees . 
  there are over half million turkish cypriots in turkey just so you know . 
  if we tried to be majority over there we 'd send them back or not let them come to turkey in the first place . 
  you need the chill the fuck out with ` crimes against humanity ' bullshit . 
  i can guarantee you that noone kicks any turkish citizen from cyprus whether they unite with southern part or remain independent unless a certain military victory for cyprus after an all out war against turkey . 
  pretty much . 
  i once argued someone about turkish government supplying the syrian opposition ( fsa ) . 
  he was ok with it but when i asked him ` what if usa supplies the kurds to fight with turkey , would you be okay with it ? ' . 
  he replied with ` but we are the good guys so it 's not the same thing ' . 
  ottomans were already a buffer zone against the middle eastern countries . 
  what profit are you talking about ? 
  it had good and bad times to be honest . 
  serbs for example aided ottomans against timur even when ethnic turks betrayed ottoman dynasty and fight for timur . 
  after that there was no head of the state for 11 years . 
  balkan countries could easily declare independence while endless civil wars take place in anatolia but instead they even protected some ottoman heirs . 
  we started to be retarded after 17-18th century ( which is also ironic because the ottoman expansion stopped and they tried to be a european country with reforms and stuff lol ), 
  all the cool stuff comes from uk . 
  name it music , movies , books , tv-series etc. 
  you do n't need no pet in the back to be honest . 
  i always looked up to british people ever since i was a kid . 
  plus i 'm not in any good posistion to judge the political desicions of other nations :d . 
  hey what about us ? 
  nothing to do with ataturk . 
  he was fighting against the allied forces in the west . 
  yeah sure but we must drink tea before that . 
  also i 'm gon na need your family to visit my familiy and ask for their approval ( not really ask for it but its a tradition ) . 
  it is possible via coalition since we have four parties in the parliament . 
  conservatives ( akp ) democracts/liberals ( chp ) turkish nationalists ( mhp ) kurdish nationalists ( hdp ) opposition could actually team up and eleminate the erdogan 's party last year but mhp was like ` we wo n't support chp if hdp supports them ' and hdp also had the same attitude as far as i remember . 
  now erdogan gets to clean them all up . . 
  yeah . . wait what genocide ? 
  at least it ca n't get any worse than this . . right ? 
  welp time to translate this to arabic and kurdish . 
  well . . fuck . 
  they are totally different tho . 
  for example they did n't add mercimek koftesi or cig kofte . 
  notice that i picked two examples with the word kofte but non of them has actually meat in it . 
  the list is shit tho there is no seafood in it and whoever made the list is obsessed with red meat . 
  not just yogurt . 
  you add garlic to yogurt and mix it . 
  as final step you boil some red pepper flakes with butter . 
  their upload speeds are multiple times higher than our download speeds and they pay like what , 10 euro per month ? 
  fuck you romania . . with all my heart . 
  did you just assume her country ? 
  so did sultans and their kids . 
  i 'm not saying they were full of shit or something but this turan or crescent tactic is all about right flank being superior to the other miltary units and do the hard work . 
  no , it 's not a thing in turkish culture . 
  moms always throw slippers to their kids ( not to hurt them tho ) . 
  yes . 
  not really . 
  jannisaries were personal guards of the khans/sultans . 
  the real fighting forces were sipahi units ( ethnic turks like that figure on top of the coat of arms in this post ) . 
  they defeated jannisaries in civil wars aswell . 
  atilla is 100 percent turkic tho ( no joke ) . 
  probably aimbot . 
  he still could n't carry his team tho . . what a noob . 
  welp , at least the figure looks genetically correct ( chinky eyes ) . 
  that 's something . 
  so i 'm assuming you have your tugce kazaz aswell . 
  turkish economy grew like 400 percent in the last 12-13 years . 
  we hate erdogan but it would be complete nonsense to deny the economic developments . 
  previous government banned headscarf and closed down religious schools which became a perfect tool to make this all about muslims vs seculars ( not many people buy this but there is a considerable amount of people who wo n't vote for chp because they are atheists lol ) . 
  economy was really shit for a decade before erdogan ( main cause of the votes ) . 
  i 'm actually from anatolia ( at least my parents are ) so i have lots of conservative relatives but its not like they praise him . 
  do n't get fooled by how the turkish redditors portray a typical akp voter . 
  all my relatives drink alcohol , dress as they want and even insult erdogan but at the end still vote for him beause they say there is no good alternative . 
  i wonder how will the next elections go because most of them now say they 'll no way vote for erdogan ( and they have been voting for him like 10 years ) tldr : nothing to do with turkey stronk attitude . 
  that does n't mean anything . 
  your english sux m8 . 
  yeah but as far as i remember it all started with ` hiding the country from erdogan ' while he was on a trip . 
  then it evolved into many forms . 
  define cold winter . 
  it was fun but you stole our meme , just so you know . 
  hey that 's not your true family !!, 
  it is a combination of leftists , democrats and liberals . 
  ataturk himself made it very clear that he was a nationalist . 
  also am i the only one who thinks that the word kemalist is offensive ? 
  like what the hell is that even mean ? 
  as if ataturk invented some sort of ideology and gave his name to it . 
  even laikci makes more sense :p . 
  what did you expect ? 
  shoot a campaign video with ak-47 and rpgs ?
