  i know ... 
  i always have to force myself to use euro coins when i visit - if i do my usual `` pay with bills and toss the coins aside , '' i end up with $ 30 worth of change in the end !, 
  on recent trips , i 've used credit cards whenever possible - he exchange rate is better , and i do n't have to deal with the inconvenience of cash !, 
  i wish applepay were more widespread . 
  i meant cash in general . 
  i will only pull cash from an atm if i need it for a specific reason . 
  for the most part , credit is taken everywhere . 
  if i do pull out cash , i always pay with bills and end up tossing the change in a jar on my kitchen counter . 
  i hate having it jingle around in my pocket , fall out of my pockets into the space between the seat and console , or get forgotten and make a horrid racket in the dryer . 
  it 's not unusual in shops to have a change tray so you can leave a small amount of change behind , and others can use it if they only need a small amount of change , rather than breaking dollars . 
  it 's also common to have charity jars so people can get rid of their coins . 
  we generally hate coins - if they had bills for 25 cents , i 'd be fine with that !, 
  but in daily life , there 's really not much need for cash , so we do n't use it ... unless it 's something illegal !, 
  of course , while i 'm typing this comment , i 'm waiting for a haircut ; the cc machine was down , so i had to go to an atm and grab cash !, 
   yes , that 's a thing in many stores . 
  it 's not so much about theft as it is about people leaving the carts by their car . 
  i read you guys have people whose sole job is gathering carts on the parking lot ... we do n't . 
  the incentive of getting your coin back ( and social pressure ) means you get it back to the area where they 're chained up together . 
   yeah , only time there are `` baggers '' is when secondary school children ( late secondary , mostly 16 + ) are doing it one day for charity . 
  i did with my school , once . 
  but yes , usually , no baggers . 
  my first job as a teenager was bagging groceries , walking them to cars and loading them in the trunk , and collecting any extra carts to bring back into the store . 
  i can see where a discount store would be able to pass the savings on to customers by eliminating these labor expenses , but i enjoyed my $ 6/hour . 
  having someone in the store bag your groceries ( or basically anything else you purchase ) is fairly standard here for full-service checkout . 
  i mention that because self-service has become more popular in recent years , where you scan , bag , and pay for your items without any human interaction at all . 
  are these common across the pond as well ? 
  do you often carry coins with you ? 
  it seems something i 'd have to remember , as i rarely have coins , and only sometimes carry cash . 
   i 'm not sure what you mean by the quarter deposit . 
  i do n't know of any deposits in discount supermarkets . 
  you have to put a quarter ( 25 cents coin ) in a slot to unlock the cart . 
  when you return it , you get your quarter back . 
  i guess the seafood dept. 
  at a supermarket would be a fish monger ? 
  i 'm not familiar with that term - the lobster tank would be if people want to buy lobster to cook at home , since it 's not a food you want to cook after it 's already dead . 
   east germans tend to use cars produced by either vw or skoda or any other non-luxury carmaker - of course many east germans drive a bmw or a mercedes or audi but because of financial reasons , most people use cheaper brands . 
  how common are bmws , mercedes , or audis among people in west germany ? 
  are vws and skodas ( they 're made by vw as well , right ? ), 
  not common in the west ? 
  also : you said in an earlier comment that people in the former east german states are likely to have english sounding names . 
  was this a fad following reunification , or is there a cultural reason that these names are popular . 
  thank you for taking the time to respond . 
   every region has it 's own dialect/accent , that 's not an east-west thing . 
  since germany itself is a federation of previously independent principalities , and there is such diversity in the culture and language ( the american image of germany is very bavarian ) , how much of the former gdr 's cultural differences from the west are a result of the historic areas that it included ? 
  ( e.g historic prussian regions , areas influenced by proximity and contact with poles and czechs )  you can often still see the ` death strip ' that was completely cleared from any vegetation . 
  indeed - i did n't realize how visible it still is - i spent some time this morning exploring it in google earth . 
   the typical avenues ... 
  thank you for this picture . 
  those are indeed dangerous , but they are beautiful . 
  we have [ similar roads in the southeastern u.s. ] ( http://c8.alamy.com/comp/ej0gm7/usa-florida-tallahassee-panhandle-canopy-road-ej0gm7.jpg ) , but they were n't intentionally planted . 
  they 're more roads that have been in existence for centuries ( often old colonial trails ) and had live oaks grow alongside , and they tend to be protected now . 
  i guess i started this thread , so i 'm not offending op by threadjacking it !, 
  i 'm fascinated by the german reunification , because the fall of the wall happened just as i was beginning to pay attention to current events . 
  - do people tend to move around for college , work , etc ? 
  are people from the east in the west easily identified by their accents and preferences and vice versa ? 
  - is it common for students to go to college in another part of the country ? 
  - i 've seen pictures of the location of the berlin wall today , but what about the actual border between the two sides of the country ? 
  is it clear when you pass from one side to the other in more rural areas ? 
  - are there differences in habits between the sides as far as daily life ? 
  choice of cars ? 
  architecture of houses ? 
  - are people in the east more sympathetic to russia and or their fellow former soviet bloc sister countries , or is their resentment toward these countries ? 
  - and just because i 've always wanted to see , and if given the opportunity , actually drive a trabant ... are they still around on the roads ? 
  that was fascinating . 
  thank you for the wonderful write-up ; the closest analogue i can personally relate to is the north-south division left from the american civil war , and that dates back 150 years , rather than something well within my lifetime . 
  this is something else i 've wondered about - is there still a noticeable difference between east and west germany ? 
  i saw a huge segment of the berlin wall at the newseum in washington d.c. . . it 's hard to imagine that dividing my country for half a century . 
  how does it impact germany today ? 
  i do indeed , but i grew up in a rural area as a kid , then moved to a suburban area as a teenager . 
  i have a lot of extended family that is in the country . 
  they 're very , very southern . 
  politically , you 'll find some of the worst of the far right in my extended family , but they 're mostly what used to be called blue dog democrats - they are n't terribly socially liberal , but they also do n't trust the republicans either . 
  so , i have feelers out in both parts of the divide here , and they absolutely do not see eye to eye ... it 's two different worlds . 
  freeway is pretty common , but depending on area , highway or expressway may be used . 
  some people just call them all `` interstates '' because that 's the national limited access highway system . 
  states set their maximum limits . 
  on rural interstate highways , 70 mph ( 112.6 km/h ) is the norm in the eastern half of the country , and western states tend to have the maximum at 75 mph ( 120.7 km/h ) or 80 mph ( 128.7 km/h ) . 
  some states have a truck limit that is lower , others do n't bother - i prefer when they do n't have a special limit , personally . 
  it 's frustrating to be on a 70 mph road and be stuck behind one truck moving at 57 passing another moving at 54 ) the limit varies a lot - texas loves high speed limits , for example , and even two lane back roads ( equivalent of a british a-road i believe ) will often be marked 70 mph ( 112 km/h ) . 
  also , the unwritten but fairly standard rule of thumb is that you can go 5 over with no fear , and often even 10 over in some area before you 're running the risk for a speeding ticket . 
  i was in the uk a decade ago and caught this strange show on bbc - it was a guy who was a bona fide aristocrat by birth , and lived in a giant mansion , all that ... but he was also 100 % white-trash to the core - profane , living in squalor in a crumbling house , spouting all kinds of nonsense , and laughing while his children beat one another up . 
  does this ring a bell , and is this family still in the limelight ? 
  they seemed to be famous just for their name and pedigree , and they had a reality show all about their near trailer-park life in a giant manor house . 
  thank you . 
  that 's how our systems were 15-20 years ago as well , across state lines . 
  to the best of my knowledge , it was n't dropped due to legislative changes ; just companies trying to out compete one another on features ( no charge for long distance calls , unlimited in-network calls , etc. ), 
  we once had a sitting congressman ask a us navy admiral if stationing more marines in guam [ might cause the island to tip over . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/v7xxvlkwd3q ) . 
  is this mainly an issue if you 're roaming on another provider 's network , or will your own provider charge you for leaving your home service area ? 
  t-mobile , for instance , is a huge company , with a footprint in many countries . 
  they wo n't charge me for using my u.s. 
  phone for data and sms in most of the developed world , and charge a flat 20 cents / min for voice calls ( this charge disappears if you make your call while connected to wifi ) . 
  how integrated are the mobile networks ? 
  do you still have a lot of small national operators , or have the companies merged and expanded into large continental networks ? 
   it 's an everyday mode of transportation that people use when they need to get around , whether they 're going to a business meeting , out on a picnic or a date , or going clubbing . 
  do businesses provide a place to freshen up ( workplaces , business meetings , etc. ) . 
  or are you going such short distances that sweat and body odor are n't an issue ? 
  if you want to be technical , it 's because a dollar can be divided into dimes , cents , and mils . 
  most people think in terms of cents , so one dime is just mentally assigned as `` ten cent coin . '', 
  mils rarely come up in daily life , except as fuel pump , [ where prices are often advertised down to the mil ] ( http://www.zipsignletters.com/images/gaspricenumbers/gasstation004b.jpg ),
