  extinct ? 
  ok , that 's a bit of an overstatement . 
  but slowly becoming a minority ? 
  that 's definitely happening , and it 's not a good thing . 
  edit : why the hell is this downvoted , i have no idea ... 
  well , some people think it 's only about nazis , others think that it paints anti-immigration right as nazis . 
  and it could be viewed either way , in my opinion , so unless the creator tells us the actual point of the video , both sides might be right . 
  i think you 're not very intelligent , since you did n't laugh . 
  yeah , because nazis have so much power in today 's germany , it really is `` punching up '' . 
  lol , is there some `` truth '' in that video ? 
  or what exactly does this comment chain have anything to do with truth ? 
  times have changed a lot since 2005 . 
  how are you austria ? 
  the language is a bit of a deterrent i think . 
  ahhh this is the anti-us circlejerk i have n't missed . 
  not czech media . 
  i 've been very proud of our media for staying neutral in this case . 
   it is easy , really : does everybody in the video look as if they are relaxed , ok with what is going on ? 
  fine , watch it !, 
   does the woman furtively glance off-camera looking scared ? 
  is she surprised or visibly disgusted ? 
  does she scream in pain ? 
  does she cry ? 
  then do n't watch that video . 
  absolutely agree with you there . 
  but on your previous point , you can just type this comment first and start a conversation . 
  no point in complaining about the lack of comments . 
  what am i supposed to say ? 
  i already upvoted the `` well done '' and `` good job '' comments , no need to spam this thread . 
  and i really do n't know what else would you want me to say . 
  the film is from the british soldier 's point of view . 
  of course brits are going to be the main focus of the movie . 
  and that 's exactly what dunkirk is n't . 
  we already knew this a year ago ... 
  lack of ships might be a possibility ... 
  sure , i have no problem with americans . 
  i just responded to the guy who was trying to make fun of people who want to limit migration by setting a ridiculous example of banning americans . 
  i think it depends on the germans who they want in their country . 
  and if they decide that american immigration is too dangerous for them , i 'm all for their decision . 
  hahah exactly the same in czechia . 
  oxford definiton of discrimination :  the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people , especially on the grounds of race , age , or sex . 
  so no , you 're dead wrong . 
  if it 's chosen based on merits , by its definition , its not discrimination . 
  they are overpopulated as it is . 
  everyone does n't need to have more and more people . 
   not discriminatory in regards to gender or race , just trying to help poor . 
  oh , nice excuse . 
  even if they are `` just '' trying to help the poor , it 's still discrimination . 
   ca n't tell if sarcasm , but really dude ? 
  really ? 
  yes . 
   it 's less about being specifically white and more about being the dominant ethnicity . 
  meh , i do n't think so . 
  all of this ethnicity bullshit only exists in white countries , nowhere else is it a problem . 
  for feminists it is . 
  damn , she 's freaking beautiful . 
  i would have thought they would n't have such negative attitudes towards attractive people . 
  come on reddit , it 's obvious he 's trolling . 
  you do n't need to have / s every goddamn time someone is n't serious . 
  yes , only italy . 
  it just means that they are europeans in africa , nobody thinks of them as real africans . 
   afrikaners are a southern african ethnic group descended from predominantly dutch settlers first arriving in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries . 
  got it from wikipedia for you . 
   do you think italy and greece want more refugees so they are rescuing them ? 
  well , i ca n't explain why would they go to as far as lybian waters to rescue migrants otherwise . 
  so like every thread on reddit ? 
  i did n't ask anything lol, 
  [ the communists ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcit1ir3zfc ), 
  finland and austria are western , yet czech republic is eastern . 
  makes sense . 
  most of them are gypsies ... 
  whats the deal with hating may so much ? 
  this sub seems completely obsessed with it . 
  please remind me how the czech republic exploited africa . 
  i 'm waiting . 
   da gama called him a spy , ordered the priests ' lips and ears to be cut off and after sewing a pair of dog 's ears to his head , sent him away . 
  how do you even come up with that lmao, 
  i 'm veeery surprised about italy . 
  when i was there , only thing we ate was pasta and pizza , and it seemed like it was very normal for everyone . 
  how come that it is one of the most meat-eating countries in europe ? 
  i do n't care too much . 
  testa di cazo , porca troia , putanna i love swearing in italian . 
  such a beautiful language . 
  i 'm not comparing sweden to neither of those countries , i 'm just talking about the principles behind it . 
  if i can say that russia is a shithole without living there , why could n't i say it about sweden ? 
  now , i 'm not saying that sweden is a shithole , just that it has some problems , just like all other countries , and i 'm not required to live there to know that . 
  secondly , you do n't know what `` stories '' i heard , you do n't even know if i 'm right wing , yet you assume everything about me from one comment . 
  how open minded of you . 
  you 're fucking indoctrinated . 
  what kind of argument even is this ? 
  have you ever been to russia ? 
  have you ever been to north korea ? 
  have you ever been to saudi arabia ? 
  i have n't , but i still can say that those places are shit . 
  why does it suddenly change when we talk about sweden ?? 
  thanks , we 'll pass , 
  cant say i understand how it relates to today . 
  unfortunately not much we can do about it . 
  the users decide what gets to the frontpage , and the mods dont seem to give a damn about it . 
  this doesnt make access to guns easier .
