  well , stoning women for getting raped also is n't very nice . 
  i think kidnapping children from your enemy 's territory , converting them to islam and making them into war machines so they will fight against their brothers and fathers is much more cruel than anything the west has done , in my opinion . 
  how the hell is this happening in the uk ? 
  holy shit so much lies . 
   a few months ago , my comrade and fellow philosopher , milan kohout , lost his temper , after listening to staunchly racist , anti-immigrant guests at a studio of the czech television in prague . 
  he began shouting , live , at both the moderator , and the bigoted speakers . 
   insulting letters commenced raining almost immediately : `` why do n't you stick a few of those niggers into your own bedroom , you asshole ? '' or more threateningly : `` you should be hanged for this , you bastard ! '' he 's talking about this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b7t1zdm4qfw there is no instance of anyone calling him an asshole or calling immigrants `` niggers '' . 
  this is so fucking bad i am in rage right now . 
  also , no one in the video told him he should go hang himself , what a load of bullshit . 
  and for perspective , i am gon na translate who this idiot is defending : milan kohout demands , that every czech family should house and take care of one immigrant family , because of `` colonialism '' , which is so fucking ridiculous , because czech republic never even had an empire ( as i am sure most of you know ) . 
  he then calls one of the opposition a racist for saying `` blacks '' . 
  not really . 
  we had one anti-immigration prostest in prague and no violence occured . 
  there was also one in bratislava i think ( or maybe zilina , i am not sure ) and , ironically , the only one violent was some leftist , who attacked the group haha . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure if i fully agree with him , but seriously , stating that europe has been populated by white race seems like news to you or what ? 
  germany is a fatherland i think . 
  that would mean it is a he . 
  i do n't get what 's fascist about anti-migrant rallies . 
  sure , sometimes the nazis do show up and screw everything for everyone , but the premise of holding an anti-migrant rally is not fascist i think . 
  what seems fascist , however , is banning a legal protest . 
  no , it 's just that your calculations did n't make sense . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  you 're basically saying that a group of 70 immigrants need all the finances of the czech republic . 
  for example , turkey has just 4 times our gdp , but can afford to pay housing to 2 million refugees . 
  i am not an expert on economics , but canada was definitely wealthier than we are now . 
  i think wealthy enough to suppose , that nobody had to really `` loose '' . 
  i am not arguing against it . 
  i am just letting you know why some people might be opposed to it . 
  especially that guy who called us `` selfish bastards '' . 
  was the same courtesy offered to us at the expense of their handicapped ? 
  but i agree , i do n't see syrian families as the problem , so as long as they behave , they can stay here . 
  illegal immigrants however , definitely not . 
  yeah , so you fuck up their countries and we have to pay for it without your help ? 
  why should we give our money to immigrants ( even if there is a small amount of them ) when we do n't have enough money to support our children and handicapped people ? 
  these do definitely not look like syrians . 
  well , if you complain about germany 's roads , do n't ever visit our country :p, 
  none that i know of . 
  or you know ... you can show the positives and the negatives , without excluding either one . 
  what ? 
  i actually agree with him ... 
  i just disagreed with how the article portrayed the immigrants ... that 's all . 
  that article was designed to not show any disadvantages of this kind of immigration . 
  umm ... if the media is biased , why would n't you call them out on that ? 
  my agenda ? 
  am i posting biased articles or photos ? 
  am i being dishonest or lying ? 
  all i 'm doing is trying to discuss this . 
  i actually registered on reddit just to discuss this issue . 
  i think this is the most important issue of our time and we need to make a good decision . 
  this was the only site i found , where people could actually have open discussions about this . 
  you can read the article before reading my comment . 
  here we have another pro-immigration biased article by a person who thinks that most of the `` refugees '' are not illegal immigrants . 
  of course , to reinforce their agenda , they throw in a couple of photos of syrian refugees , to reinforce us in this motion - they of course ca n't show photos of illegal immigrants rioting or shouting `` allahu akhbar '' at police . 
  they then proceed to blame countries who do not partake in this madness instead of providing an actual solution to the problem . 
  nothing we have n't seen before . 
  edit : i would just like to see an article written from the anti-immigration side ... this is getting really propaganda-ish . 
  oh god ... this is just sad now ... 
   i also find the double-standards in the eastern europe ( the most anti-immigrant part of the continent ) bit rich - economic migration to the west is ok for them , but it 's not ok for `` others '' . 
  only they have the right to migrate . 
  many feel so entitled that it makes me sick . 
  it makes sense tho , does n't it ? 
  those who are pro-economic immigration already immigrated to uk and germany , while those who opposed economic immigration stayed here and are anti-immigration . 
  first - cameron called them a swarm of people , not just swarm . 
  swarm meaning a lot - it is not a derogatory term . 
  second - those pictures depict real refugees - people with families , who flee their country because of war . 
  i do n't think anybody in here disagrees with that . 
  you 're mixing up illegal immigrant and refugees . 
  third - do you know how many people in poverty are in the world ? 
  we ca n't take them all in . 
  we must ingage in a international help , that will help those countries , but taking them in our countries simply is not the answer . 
  fourth - the social system of welfare was designed to help citizens . 
  if we apply this system to hundred of thousands of immigrants , we will in practice abuse our working population . 
  well , that was exactly my point . 
  everyone who is anti-immigration is not a neo nazi and everyone who is pro-immigration is n't far-left . 
  you can be a compassionate human being without destroying our countries . 
  ok , maybe not communists , but i do n't know any other derogatory term for the far-left . 
  definitely , just as the pro-immigration redditors are brigaded by communists . 
  holy shit , i just say `` detain them '' , so they wo n't run uncotrollably around the country side and the first thing that pops into your mind is concentration camps ? 
  that is true , howere the solution to this problem is not by accepting all starving africans into our countries , the solution is to supply those countries with food . 
  however i doubt very much that majority of them is fleeing from war zones . 
  if you flee from a war zone , you think primarily of your family , no ? 
  why are 70 % of immigrants male then ? 
  would n't they send their wives and children first ? 
  when soviets decided to occupy czechoslovakia in 1968 , people were fleeing from them to america . 
  but most of the refugees were either whole families , or females . 
  closed borders in theory , open borders in practice . 
  why do n't they just detain them ? 
  or at least establish some sort of order ?? 
  you do n't have to shoot them , just make it so they are n't breaking off . 
  i am not talking about extremists . 
  you said that most of the immigrants were civilians fleeing from war zones . 
  that one only applies to azylum seekers from syria . 
  almost all other migrants are economic immigrants , who want to live here and get social welfare ( even if not by their fault ) , but i 'm pretty sure you left-wingers would love the idea to give all our money to foreigners . 
  what is the point of having guards when all they do is look and do nothing ? 
  `` most '', 
  just because it is not a threat right now , does n't mean we should n't think of our future . 
  [ not likely ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20051214/2683 )  `` slightly under 60 percent of the almost 1,520,000 offences ... registered during the period covered by the study can be attributed to persons who were born in sweden to two swedish-born parents , '', 
  right , but it 's also about keeping our civilization . 
  if our countries turn into another muslim dominated killing houses , how are we going to change anything ? 
  true morale choice would be to fix their countries and let them live there peacefully .
