  i think that might play a part . 
  it almost seems like letting them all in is a bad idea . 
  why do you think we are n't more happy than you ? 
   sonboly also had documents relating to a gun attack on a school in bavaria in 2009 in which 16 teenagers were killed as well as a book called why kids kill : inside the minds of school shooters . 
  that 's why . 
  he did n't admire just breivik it seems . 
  he was interested in all shootings . 
  interesting . 
  altought this was before the refugee crisis , so maybe their attitude might have changed ? 
  police is searching for possible owner , two suspects 1st male , approx . 
  30 years old , wearing a light blue long-sleeved t-shirt or a zipped pullover , light jeans , white sneakers , had black hair with the sides short , ** middle-eastern appearance ** . 
  2nd female , approx . 
  25 years old , very lean , black hair in a bun , wearing a black pullover with white and red stars printed on it , light blue jeans and a jacket around the waist yeah , absolutely impossible he was an immigrant !, 
  those damn neo-nazis at it again !, 
  because all of those things could be interpreted differently . 
  he targeted turks , but that 's because he was bullied by them . 
  he had picture of breivik as his profile pic , not because he agreed with his political views , but because he admired him as a killer . 
  he shouted `` i 'm german '' because someone mistook him for a turk , so he felt hurt . 
  see ? 
  all of them can be explained with something different then neo-nazism . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's impossible he was actually a nazi . 
  but it is tough for me to accept that a brown iranian immigrant was a white supremacist . 
  nobody from the extreme right wing cares about white immigrants . 
  1 ) what if they refuse , even if we take all the asylum seekers in right now ? 
  it kinda does n't matter when no one ever gets deported . 
  i bet you 're one of the racists spewing hate facts !!!, 
  he cant keep getting away with it !!!, 
  attacker 's motives still remain unclear . 
  tell that to the gypsies . 
  interesting user name, 
  but the guardian and bbc are doing just the opposite tho ? 
  should n't it balance things out ? 
  what ? 
  immigrant city voting for more immigration ? 
   what the hell is `` racially european '' ? 
  white, 
  evil is subjective . 
  everyone in history first looked after themselves . 
  if the eastern countries could colonise , we damn well would , but we were too weak to do it . 
  the western countries were n't . 
  it 's fair . 
  i do n't know why everybody looks at colonialism so negatively . 
  it 's just natural selection at work . 
  such as ? 
  why is ukip far right according to you ? 
  / pol / controls the memes of production . 
  source ? 
  they all identified as muslims and were actually raping the girls because they considered them unclean or something . 
  that way , you would soon replace the native population , do you know that ? 
  i do n't know mate ... 
  i 've been there twice and i must say , the architecture and the city itself is amazing , but it just feels wrong ... like if i was in africa , not england . 
  you seem to think under the assumption that we somehow have to take them in . 
  which is wrong in my opinion . 
  i think that we should check them first , before they arrive in our countries , not after . 
  that way , there would n't be so many migrants in the first place , hence less countries would get overwhelmed . 
  and second , i have never said that european countries should n't help each other with redistributing true ( and i emphasize the true part ) refugees . 
  i just said that is it not up to them , but to our countries , who will get what . 
  that 's all . 
  i would n't , that 's why i do n't blame them . 
  i blame the incompetent politicians who allowed this to happen . 
  no , but it 's not up for the refugees to decide that . 
  sweden never dissapoints . 
  i 'm suprised prague is n't higher on the list . 
  we have been pretty influential in the 1300 's . 
  what 's so unreasonable about defending your own territory ? 
  haha if trump said this about merkel , this sub would be butthurt as fuck . 
  but when its about a politican you do n't like , you all start sucking junker 's dick . 
  pathetic . 
  is turkey a war zone ? 
  is syria a war zone ? 
  can you see how it 's different ? 
  i have a feeling the choice these cartoons might be a bit biased . 
  what a wonderful idea communism was ... 
  actually it 's \u010cevab\u010di\u010di , you uncultured peasant . 
  do you mean ben `` empty my nine in the welfare line '' garrison ? 
  the monster has to be stopped . 
  those damn amish at it again !, 
  it irks me that there are people who say that movie is `` whitewashing '' history , eventhough it 's based on a real person . 
  https://youtu.be/nrcfxgxngia?t=2m2s not a blade , but same concept . 
  pretty sure that only applies to non-european peoples . 
  you emigrants are welcome . 
   you 're assuming that the rest of the world cares enough to differentiate between varying definitions or sub-factions of the alt-right . 
  nobody does . 
  why should n't we differentiate ? 
   they make this subreddit look far left hippies because that 's what it is ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i could cherry pick a video from some dumb ass leftist who thinks blacks discovered america first or whatever . 
  does that mean that i am no longer obliged to debate them and can dismiss any argument from them ? 
  ahh , the tolerant left is here again . 
  then it should be 11th century , since duke vladivoj joined the holy roman empire in 1002 . 
  it 's also weird to point exactly at 14th century , since that is when our kingdom was at its strongest , apart from the reign of p\u0159emysl otakar ii . 
  when in the 14th century were we consumed by austrians ? 
   the troubling part ( in my opinion ) about raising kids when you have hatred against a specific class of people / religion is that you involuntarily pass that on . 
  the kids are basically brainwashed . 
  is n't the opposite brainwashing as well tho ? 
  like raising your kids to be pro-gay , anti-racist etc. 
  man ... why did army uniforms fall out of style in politics ? 
  it looks so freaking cool . 
  when was the last time kkk publicly lynched someone ? 
  when was the last time an isis member killed innocent people ? 
  actually that 's not true .
