  because they are all gon na end up in germany anyways . 
  no matter if you relocate them to lithuania , czech republic , slovakia etc. 
  they will still find their way to germany . 
  just look at the front page , just now there is one article about a half of lithuanian refugees leaving for germany . 
  even if we somehow lock them up in the selected countries , we have basically invitied the whole world to take a trip to europe , collect the wealthfare for a year and return to their home country considerably richer . 
  we ca n't win with this . 
  the one that does n't work ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  antifa is not behind all the violence . 
  but they are usually the instigators and they have a history of attacking innocent trump supporters . 
  it 's disingenuos to say that the video is `` whitewashing '' trump supporter 's actions , like they were the only ones violent . 
   piss off , you troll . 
  oh , why the mean tone ? 
  :( are your fee fee 's hurt ? 
  except i never posted there , but sure , / r/the _ donald is leaking, 
  yeah i was lol , what 's different about it ? 
  i was just using your argument . 
  if you think it 's stupid , maybe yours was as well . 
  it hit / r/all , and we both know what demographic rules reddit ... 
  wo n't somebody think of the genocidal communists ? 
  yes , that 's why i punch every muslim i see . 
  just look at 16th century to see what they do if they do n't get punched . 
   to me , what was controversial is the alt-right apologist music video that is clearly meant to whitewash trump supporter 's actions . 
  whitewash trump supporter 's actions ? 
  you know that most violence was commited by left wing protesters , not the other way around , right ? 
  if they have nazi flags ? 
  sure they are nazis . 
  but the problem is , that a lot of people get called nazis while they are n't . 
  yes , strangling someone you disagree with might put you in the same category with fascists . 
  that 's a strange way to say czech republic . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liigga8v_fm so this man should be punched in your opinion ? 
  that 's been happening all the time . 
  especially stuff like protesters at trump rallies chanting `` love trumps hate '' while pepper spraying innocent women . 
  so by your logic , if i see a communist on the street i should punch him then ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-dr_ihqu-i what do we want ? 
  dead cops !, 
  when do we want it ? 
  now !, 
  such peaceful , much wow . 
  this thread seems brigaded . 
  a lot of users with no history of posting on / r/europe before are trying to push their agenda ... 
  what 's the point of free speech if you choose the groups you 're going to give it to ? 
  seems like you 're just anti-free speech . 
   his country elected a guy who wants to deport all the mexicans come on , that 's ridiculous . 
  do you get your news from the guardian or what ? 
  kinda ironic that richard spencer is n't a nazi , yet you still call him that . 
  take out turkey and you 're set , 
  european bigotry showing once again . 
   your ancestors raped , were raped , marries with people from france or serbia or ... even your blood is n't pure . 
  jesus christ , you misunderstood me . 
  i have no desire to `` keep my blood pure '' holy smokes . 
  i would n't have trouble dating an italian , or german or whatever . 
  if it would n't drastically change the looks of my children , i would n't mind to be honest . 
   preserving from what ? 
  you think a few thousands refugees will suddenly change all that ` immemorial ' identity , while supposedly it survived hundreds of wars , conflicts , migrations , invasions ? 
  do n't worry , cultures are not wiped like that , and you 'll always able to be who you want to be , immigrants or not . 
  why suddenly bring refugees into this ? 
  i 've no fear that refugees will destroy our culture or identity . 
   what is the czech values , the czech core identity ? 
  good question . 
  i think resistance to authority , protestantism/atheism , endurance . 
  but also a mix of slavic and german ethnicity - white skin in other words . 
  and that part of identity is quickly going away in the west , and i do n't wish for it to disappear in here . 
   do you really think in the long european history , there were some people with the same blood yes , that 's a demonstrable fact . 
   and identity as you , in the same borders as you , with the same culture as you ? 
  that 's the political construction you 're a victim of . 
  identity , just like culture , changes over time of course . 
  i have no illusion that czech identity has been constant for thousands of years , hell , not even 100 maybe . 
  but just because the identity changed from time to time does n't mean that the current state of identity is n't worth preserving . 
   remind me when czech republic became so ? 
  i think the basis of czech identity started to be re-born in the 1840s . 
  small things changed over time of course , but the core of it stayed the same , in my opinion . 
   eheh you keep adding stuff i felt like my comment was incomplete . 
  that 's what the edit button is for . 
   none called you a nazi you strongly suggested it . 
  do n't try to say otherwise . 
   national identities are political construction , build by state propaganda they are built by centuries of generations . 
   wait , that reminds me of something ... of israel ? 
  uuuh , we 're getting deep here . 
  i guess i feel a sort of duty to my ancestors to continue their `` bloodline '' ( i know it sounds terrible , but i could n't find other terms to say it ) . 
  also a duty to my nation to preserve its people 's identity . 
  i think those are the main reasons . 
  i just said it in the comment you responded to ... ... 
  well , most if not all of his anti-migrant rhetoric is about muslims , so what exactly would change about him being half-japanese ? 
  well of course there are almost no `` pure '' ethnicities , but they are still defined . 
  they did . 
  we are at 90 % . 
   we need to change it . 
  no , we do n't . 
  triggered, 
  that 's pretty racist dude . 
  i do care about ethnicity . 
  i want my grandkids to look like me and my ancestors , not someone from egypt . 
  there is not brazilian or american ethnicity . 
  they are just a mix of ethnicities from all around the world . 
  not hating jews does n't mean political correctness . 
  however , if you hate jews , but pretend that you do n't , because you might get fired from a job or whatever , then that is . 
  exactly . 
  people always freak out when they see a racist white person , but if the racist is black or asia , they somehow do n't care . 
  you must be a racist if you think immigrants ca n't be racist .
