  that 's also why we have so low percentages , i believe . 
  people here are n't pressured to be `` nice '' , like in uk/germany/sweden . 
  i think that a lot of the dislike of muslims comes from their culture , not terrorism . 
   unfortunately the reality of the situation is that the us has a gang problem and it makes perfect sense to take that into account when discussing gun laws . 
  the problem is that restricting gun laws wo n't stop the gangs from owning guns , it will just take them from normal citizens . 
   way , way too much hype for what is just an ok movie . 
  did you see it in a theater ? 
  if not , i understand why you do n't like it so much , because the atmosphere is a big component to the movie . 
  oh yeah , czech republic for the win < 3, 
  the thugs were right all along !, 
  * dramatic music starts *, 
  usually is, 
  let 's not forget about the white-washing of suspects . 
  lol europe ca n't even decide to keep migrants out , how are we going to decide that there will be no war ? 
   stuart laycock , the author , has worked his way around the globe , through each country alphabetically , researching its history to establish whether , at any point , they have experienced an incursion by britain . 
   the remainder have been included because the british were found to have achieved some sort of military presence in the territory -- however transitory -- either through force , the threat of force , negotiation or payment . 
   incursions by british pirates , privateers or armed explorers have also been included , provided they were operating with the approval of their government . 
  by those metrics almost every european country invaded almost every country in the world . 
  definitely not . 
  uhh , my town < 3, 
  so just because people do n't find it funny they are butthurt ?? 
  it could just be a bad joke that no one enjoys you know ... get your head out of your ass . 
  let 's agree to disagree then . 
  i do n't `` feel '' that way , it 's a statistical fact . 
  i know it 's easier to bury your head in sand and not give a fuck about long-term thinking , but it 's not the right thing to do . 
   the next majority is going to be western european by default . 
  sure , just like the brits and the irish and the italians became native americans by default . 
  we are talking about ethnicity here . 
  your ethnicity does n't change to default just because you become majority in that place . 
   the only way germans or weuropeans become a minority is if 400,000,000 ( 400 million ) muslims ( i thi nk thats what you mean right ? ), 
  come over , and even then ; even then , it will still be 50/50 . 
  i mean that 's a complete nonsense . 
  even you have to see that right ? 
  you have to think long-term . 
  there are about 15 milion germans in the 20-35 age bracket i think ( i 'm not sure though , if you have a source , you can correct me ) . 
  it would be totally enough if only , lets say , 20 milion non-germans immigrated there and had only sliiiiightly larger birthrate than the native germans to become majority in germany . 
  thats of course an extreme example , but that 's the direction where we 're heading . 
  it wo n't take 5 years , but maybe 60 , maybe 80 , maybe 150 years , but eventually ( if current trends do n't change ) , the germans will become minority in germany . 
  hmm sure , maybe next time specify your comment more . 
   but your whole point is invalid because what you are afraid of will never happen . 
  what the fuck do you mean by that ? 
  do you mean that we will never become a minority ? 
  do you mean that the next majority will never steer away from democracy ? 
  do you mean that all humans will die in 20 years , therefore nothing like that will ever happen ? 
  i ca n't really not strawman you if you do n't even say what you mean . 
  first , i was n't speaking only about germany . 
  the commenter to who i was replying said `` western european '' , not german . 
  second , i agree that germany is not in danger right now to become a minority , however , after the old generations die off , it will be much clearer as to where we stand on that issue . 
  the `` almost identical birthrates '' you talk about ... 
  even if the birthrate is 2.1 among migrants , it will still rise exponentially , since more germans will be dying and more migrants will be born every year . 
  so even if the birhtrates are not that far apart , in the long run , they could still demographically replace the native population . 
  i 'm sure the romans were certain that their empire would never collapse . 
  i 'm sure the native americans were certain that strange white men would n't land in america and almost wipe out their whole population . 
  i 'm sure people thought that hitler could be reasoned with . 
  i 'm sure a lot of people thought a lot of things could n't happen . 
   part of that opposition includes calling out people like you who spout `` white genocide '' talking points and then act as if you were anything other than racist . 
  oh sorry then , i was n't ever there was some list of `` forbidden arguments '' . 
  i will refrain from using logic and voicing my opinion next time . 
  can you specify ? 
   in my opinion until there are some common european values that everyone should accept and if we defend and pass on those values we do n't have to fear even if ` we ' become minority . 
  yeah , but that 's the point . 
  by becoming a minority you 're already putting yourself at risk . 
  even if the next majority does abide by democracy and human rights , you have no guarantee that it will stay like that forever . 
  therefore you will always be in danger . 
   one of those values for example is securalism - which i see constantly under threat in eastern europe ( hungary and poland ) . 
  i do n't think that hungary 's secularism is under threat , you 've probably mistaken that for something else . 
  oxford definition :  social construct  noun  a concept or perception of something based on the collective views developed and maintained within a society or social group ; a social phenomenon or convention originating within and cultivated by society or a particular social group , as opposed to existing inherently or naturally . 
  you already said that it 's biological , therefore it can not be social construct , because in order for it to be a social construct , the `` distinction '' has to be created by society and not biology . 
  therefore its not social construct . 
   every contemporary example is linked to dictatorships . 
  so maybe i should be fearful of autocracies ? 
  being afraid of autocracies is very sensible in my opinion :d  or another question would be : why should n't the current minorities roma people , muslims , etc. 
  be fearful of us ? 
  they should , 
  yes , but you defended your point by saying that , in the end , they are still human , but that does not contradict what he said . 
  what ? 
  he does n't claim that other races are not human , just that they exist . 
  bad things can happen when you 're a minority . 
  especially if the majority does n't think highly of you . 
  see : first half of 20th century america , today 's south africa and zimbabwe , 1940s germany ( ok , a bit of an extreme example ... ) , 1990s yugoslavia . 
  it 's dangerous to be a minority , be it ethnic , religious or any other kind . 
  and i would argue , we have a right to our lands and losing our majority would effectively mean losing our countries in the long run . 
  how much say do native americans have in the us ? 
  muslims in israel ? 
  tibetans in china ? 
  or afrikaners in south africa ? 
  and that 's exactly what someone who does n't understand demographics would say . 
  the total percentage of population does n't mean anything . 
  the percentage of children and the amount of immigrants coming in means everything . 
  i mean its completely trivial . 
  picture a village with 10 people . 
  8 are german and 2 are french . 
  those 8 germans have 2 kids , while the french also have 2 kids . 
  so in total , there are 10 germans and 4 french , however , in future , their ratio wo n't be 5:2 but 1:1 , because of the kids . 
  i do n't know if this was really necessary to demonstrate , but just to be sure . 
   the number of white people worldwide is not decreasing . 
  there has never been more white people in the world than today . 
  that 's absolutely irrelevant to the question if a population is decreasing or not . 
  the number of white people currently is decreasing in all countries except for maybe iceland and maybe france . 
   this video is simply poking fun at people acting as if the western european is somehow in danger of becoming extinct .
