  english lessons are mandatory , at least here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_atheism we might be a tad more irreligious than you :p, 
  these are the people we should want in europe !, 
   it is , actually . 
  i do n't think it is actually . 
  sure it is synonymus with the german national socialist party , but what about this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_national_social_party ? 
  were they nazis too ? 
  it 's not as simple . 
  so what ? 
  i do n't care if they assimilate . 
  what 's the point of having france if nobody in it will be french ? 
  it can be a part of africa for all i care . 
  especially in my state . 
  my ancestors were fighting for a nation state to give czechs ( and slovaks ) a safe space from the austrian empire , so that we could be viewed as a true nation again after hundreds of years of oppresion and slavery . 
  and now you 're telling me , that we should abandon our land and our heritage , just because the people coming here will `` assimilate '' ? 
  that 's bullshit . 
  you know , we can always come back after economic collapse . 
  we have proven time and time again in history that we can . 
  but after there will be no european in the world , you ca n't just generate europeans to inhabitate europe again . 
  that is irreversible . 
   whose tiny brains are too impotent heh . 
  are n't you a bit full of yourself ? 
   that paying a small price in discomfort today will assure the continuation of what everybody cares about tomorrow . 
  that is subjective . 
  for someone like you , ceding our heritage to immigrants might be a small price to pay , for others it is far worse than anything else , even economic collapse . 
  but they are not brigading , they are just subscribed and comment on topics they care about . 
  if you can find posts on / r/the _ donald or something that they are actually brigading i would be very surprised . 
  look very european to me . 
  i know this might be a little shock for you , but everyone can make a reddit account and subscribe to any subreddit they want . 
  crazy , right ? 
  every ideology wants to spread , that 's hardly unique to alt-right/religion . 
  the problem is that you ca n't reliably seperate the victims from the perpetrators , at least not with such massive numbers of people coming in . 
  and even then , i 'm not sure where you 're getting this `` people are blaming the victims for causing the conditions which caused them them to be victims in the first place '' usually those people who are causing problems right now have been here for quite some time , usually second or third generation immigrants . 
  people are just poiting out that even though the `` refugees '' might be cool now , their descendents might not be , which is a serious and totally valid concern . 
   regardless , i do n't know which party is the best one . 
  nobody does . 
  exactly , that 's why i said that sometimes you have to choose the lesser of two evils . 
  so people can have no opinions on demographics of their country without being persecuted ? 
  yep , also have seen police with machine guns patrolling the city . 
  strange feeling , never seen that before here . 
  sometimes , you have to choose the lesser of two evils . 
  is he any more corrupt than other politicians ? 
   some women with headscarf yeah , because there are so many women amongst the refugees , am i right ? 
  huh , never thought of it that way . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  eu seems incapable of doing that . 
   beer , the germanic way now , what the fuck did you just say about me you little shit ? 
  i 'll have you know i drink beer the one and only true way , the czech way !, 
  i was fucking forced to put water as the answer , because i 'm not putting up with this bullshit . 
  i 'm literally shaking right now . 
  ** people have the right to get in touch threat to the state for a weapon ** while the european union is trying to limit the possession of firearms citizens , czech interior ministry goes in the opposite direction . 
  according to information law aims to allow people to take up arms to defend not only their health and property , but also for national defense , perhaps when the story as an attack by terrorists or a madman . 
  chovanc\u016fv authority therefore prepared an amendment to the constitutional law on the safety of the republic . 
  justified by the fact that the security forces can not be everywhere . 
  `` the purpose of the draft constitutional act is to respond to new security threats intensifying , especially as regards the danger of acts of violence , for example . 
  isolated terrorist attacks , active attackers , respectively . 
  other violent hybrid threats , `` explains his idea interior . 
  `` the experience of some foreign countries show that the presence of armed public may be in these situations a crucial factor , '' says interior . 
  meps applauding members of addressing rightly applaud the proposal . 
  `` it 's absolutely logical next step in increasing the defense of this country . 
  i 'm very happy , `` said the head of the parliamentary security committee roman vanya ( cssd ) . 
  according to him , it is necessary to trust the citizens . 
  `` this is the right way , i am convinced , '' he added . 
  he recalled that parliament recently amended the law on weapons and ammunition , he launched the authorization of the government to disarm the citizens in case of war . 
  `` the democratic government needs , '' said vanya . 
  according to the vice-chairman and a former police officer bronislava schwarze ( yes ) , it is time to accept the proposed modification . 
  `` in five years , could already be too late , '' he said . 
  the solution sees no problem if people have a legitimate weapon , met tests , psychological tests and comply with the law . 
  the interior hurry and wants approval of an amendment to catch the end of the term sobotkov\u00e1 government . 
  in constitutional law , to which it is in the house by the necessary majority of 120 members and the senate 49 votes . 
  the reactions of the representatives of the government and opposition parties , it is real . 
  such unanimity in the czech parliament rather exceptional . 
  president of the constitutional act if it can not exercise his veto , even though she would wait for his support . 
  milos zeman recently urged people to indirectly arming and mentioned that a gun owned by his wife . 
  `` thank goodness , '' he responded to the proposal of john \u010cernochov\u00e1 ( ods ) , and added : `` i 'm glad for it . 
  the european commission wants to disarm us , it is a good idea to prepare legislation allow people who legally holds the gun with the consent of the state , could rise to his defense , as is the case in israel . '', 
  mep recognizes the necessary consistency with other laws so that it can not be exploited party `` militia '' and the like . 
  considers to be a reasonable proposal and the other vice-presidents of the committee zdenek bezecn\u00fd ( top 09 ) . 
  `` it basically confirms the right of citizens to acquire and hold arms . 
  a mooring use of weapons in private possession to ensure security in the broad sense in constitutional law corresponds to the current security situation , `` he said . 
  he also reminded the necessary skills holders of weapons , which must prove in its acquisition . 
  `` it 's the first thing for which i ask the minister had publicly praised , '' said the former policeman zden\u011bk ondr\u00e1\u010dek ( kscm ) . 
  he added that legally held weapons , the crime usually does not commit the time interval and a twenty frontline patrols may be in similar situations ensures rapid assistance . 
  already registered 800,000 weapons according to official police statistics , which mentions the interior , was registered in the czech republic early december , 798,424 weapons in all categories . 
  of this number , 357,338 weapons category b - subject to authorization - which could probably be used to protect the life , health or property . 
  most are in this category among people self-loading pistols , revolvers and followed by at least a semi-automatic rifles . 
  the interior ministry reminds that the common characteristic of most terrorist attacks in european countries was very low predictability and the fact that they were often directed against the so-called . 
  soft targets that were not protected by any specific means or the security forces . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita yep we are . 
  well ... that is worrying . 
  / r/czech / is just drinking beer and waiting for all this to blow over !, 
  no doubt the leftists on this sub regularly complain about right wing fake news , but eat this shit up no problem . 
  i mean come on , you do n't have to like that guy but that is a bit too much . 
  zeman seems much more like trump anyways . 
   / r/the _ donald and other scum decided that they need to `` red-pill '' europe . 
  dehumanizing your opponents . 
  nice . 
   closed outside have you missed how a million people crossed the `` closed border '' without any controls last year ? 
  closed borders my ass . 
  i 'm curious if you would have defended someone who said that black people have a tendency to be criminals as vigorously as you do now .
