  oh , and refugees and immigrants are also different things . 
  they are criminals . 
  it is a criminal offense in hungary to cross the border from outside of eu without permission or applying an azylum . 
  oh and of course refugees and immigrants are different things . 
  if you illegaly cross 5 safe countries just to get to germany , i 'm sorry , but you 're not a refugee anymore in my book . 
   btw , you will be doing much better if you 're concerned about the illegal dealings of your politicians and public servants . 
  a family without paperwork is not such a big danger as you make it to look like . 
  a family ? 
  of course not . 
  100 000 young men from extremist countries ? 
  i think so . 
  refugee :  a person who flees for refuge or safety , especially to a foreign country , as in time of political upheaval , war , etc. 
  they are refugees because they fled to turkey from syria because of war in their country . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  national identity , of course , changes frequently . 
  but it 's something different if it happens internally , and the population chooses to change it ( in the example of gays ) and if it happens externally , like mass immigration today . 
  i think , that if majority of people do not want to share their lives with a certain group , it should not be imposed on them , especially not by their goverment , which should protect them . 
  but keep in mind , this is probably not the situation germany , since most people in germany are welcoming of the immigrants , and i am not saying it is . 
  now , this is just unfair , to compare legitimate syrian refugees in turkey , who share many characteristics with the turkish culture ( the main one being of islamic faith , i believe ) and illegal immigrants in europe , who have broken the law in many european countries and still have high demands on their housing and welfare money , not to mention that their whole culture is totally different to that of europe . 
  like it or not , some people are not comfortable with the idea that german identity is changing . 
   iran , islamic republic of , iceland , italy hmm ... what ? 
  douglas murray is great . 
  i have been watching his debates since the migration crisis began . 
  he is always very rational and polite , and can actually change someone 's opinion . 
  babyrage, 
  ayyy lmao, 
   * data are estimated , excluding denmark , ireland and the netherlands . 
  seems like a very reliable source . 
  damn that 's edgy . 
  well , that 's embarassing . 
  the czech food says `` sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 '' but the picture shows gul\u00e1\u0161 ... 
  someone has n't done their research . 
  [ this ] ( http://img.ceskykulinar.cz/recepty/126514970416.jpg ) is what sv\u00ed\u010dkov\u00e1 looks like for anyone interested . 
  but ... does n't czechia basicaly have the same problem ? 
  if anything , czechy sounds nicer , at least to me . 
  i am just happy we are on the list . 
  alright , your choice , but remember this before you call some trump supporter close minded in the future . 
  except he cites all his sources ... maybe you should watch it before commenting ? 
  it 's 1 % only if you count the total population . 
  i would very recommend watching this video : https://youtu.be/df9v8pomuxg?t=199 explains that what you 've just said is nonsense . 
  oh please do n't . 
  i could n't survive all those `` cheeky '' puns . 
  [ this guy ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9d87jjyhuk ) does n't look too good to me . 
  thank you , based poland < 3, 
  no , i 'm genuily curious . 
  have i offended you ? 
  i would n't blame any woman for stopping her career to build a family . 
  i do n't know anyone who would . 
  who are you talking about ? 
  those helmets look hella cool in my opinion . 
  so ... not really far-right ? 
  nice chin considering his ancestry . 
  coastline of europe might be bigger than africa 's but people are n't coming from north of finland now are they ? 
  the only part of coastline that matter is the one that connects to africa and asia . 
   the only a real solution is closing borders = =  end of schengen = =  end of eu . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  the shengen area is only for european countries , not for the whole world . 
  if we closed our external borders , there would be no problem with the eu ... 
  why are western media so hellbent on making the refugees seem as innocent as possible ? 
  i mean , the refugees were definitely at the fault in the border incident , yet the media still tried to paint them like angels ... what the hell is their agenda ? 
  i think you are being downvoted because you did n't catch his point . 
  he says that white supremacy and ethno-nationalism are n't the same movements . 
  white supremacy suggests that the white race is superior to other races , therefore deserves to rule over the world ( or somehting to that degree ... ) ethno-nationalism advocates segregation and deportation of minorities to form a country of one ethnicity . 
  one example for the difference : a white supremacist may want to eradicate all african people , even the ones in africa , just because he deems them inferior . 
  while a white nationalist would be perfectly ok with africans , if they left white countries . 
  well , we are n't africans , who would have thought ? 
  nope , look at his right leg . 
  western spy . 
  how do we know they were neo-nazis ? 
  edit : i was just asking , no need to downvote . 
  by making no decisions . 
  czech this out !, 
  right now we have separate militaries yet no ones killing each other . 
  weird , is n't it ? 
  point me to one . 
  well , i think that should have been done way earlier before they let like 2 million people into europe . 
  however i have n't seen that proposal . 
  only thing i 've seen is germany trying to redistribute the migrants across all eu countries , nothing about hotspots . 
  i think redistribution is probably the only possible solution to a large number of refugees . 
  however , i also think that only actual refugees should be redistributed . 
  so i propose something like this : create azylum centres on the coasts of italy and greece where people are landing . 
  these would be financed by the eu . 
  in these centres , the asylum seekers would be processed and we would know if they are actually refugees or not . 
  anyone who does n't want to be processed should be deported to either country of origin or a buffer island similar to nauru purchased by the eu . 
  same for the failed asylum seekers . 
  i think that might work ? 
  we would actually only get refugees and minimize the risks of young undocumented migrants running around without any supervision etc. . . 
  i do n't believe they are that dumb . 
  if you 're so keen on forcing them to be somewhere against their will , why not make that place somewhere outside of europe ? 
  or at least somewhere , where they could n't do much trouble ? 
   sure , no-one will play the `` nazi card '' will they . 
  who the fuck cares ? 
  `` i was going to secure our country 's borders and keep our citizens safe , but some media tabloids , who no one cares about , would call me a nazi , so i 'd rather not ! '', 
  i do n't believe that for a second . 
  i 'm not talking about personal interactions , more of public political figures , if that makes sense . 
  why are n't these people labeled `` black supremacists '' or something like that ? 
  everytime a white person says anything remotely sensitive about race , they are labeled racist on the spot . 
  maybe that 's the problem . 
  were n't some terrorists arrested beforehand who wanted to target this day ?
