always thought of him being more like saruman, 
  i did n't choose him . 
  neither did the guy you were replying to . 
  go tell that to the other half of the country . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  that is precisely why he said that . 
  we 've had erdogan for so long he knows what corruption looks like . 
  having trouble comprehending what you read there ? 
  turks like leaders who appear strong . 
  like erdogan . 
  '' strongman '' types . 
  i only mentioned ruthlessness because she can rival erdogan in that area . 
  ... lmao . 
  turkey had a female pm before . 
  i am eagerly waiting for her new party to be formed . 
  she is someone nationalist and can be as ruthless and fearless as erdogan . 
  that 's where kilicdaroglu falls short . 
  he is way too '' civil '' compared to erdogan , makes him appear meek and our population does n't like that . 
  kilicdaroglu is a good , moral man but that wo n't take you far in turkish politics . 
  she already has a big following . 
  i was planning to vote for mhp had she taken charge of the party . 
  akp used courts to block her from doing that . 
   i remember when fenerbah\u00e7e banned all men from the stadium one game . 
  only women were allowed . 
  we now hold the record for highest attendance of women to a football game . 
  funny thing is , one of the reasons for men being banned was because of the constant swearing . 
  ... women swore too . 
  like a lot . 
  was a nice experience nonetheless . 
  tumblr has reached turkey, 
  thank you . 
  third generation . 
  my grandmother was from sarajevo and grandfather from skopje . 
  my father always told me about the relatives we lost during srebrenica and the war in general . 
  although i never saw them , it still feels personal . 
  i visit their graves everytime i visit bosnia alongside my father . 
  i am still in contact with my current relatives over there . 
  i lost a few relatives in srebrenica . 
  rip to the victims and lest we forget . 
  i support him . 
  he is another person who can shake erdo\u011fan 's throne . 
  i do n't know what he 's exactly planning but in my opinion he should join ak\u015fener and \u00d6zda\u011f in the new party . 
  those 3 would be an amazing team . 
  i 've got high hopes for ak\u015fener and \u00d6zda\u011f 's party . 
  they are not unknown figures and can steal significiant amount of votes from akp . 
  edit : i was off by % 7 with mhp . 
  thanks for correcting . 
  % 5 in chp voted yes lmao wtf ? 
  % 80 of mhp voted no and % 10 of akp voted no iirc . 
  the % 20 in mhp were bah\u00e7eli loyalists i assume . 
  the % 10 in akp were sensible human beings . 
  most people think anti-erdo\u011fan folks are just a minority when we 're half the country . 
  he only won the referendum barely by % 1 after losing all major cities ( he cheated too ) . 
  he lost the majority once and the opposition put together form a bigger percentage than akp . 
  there is a reason why he looks so stressed out in the recent years . 
  he looks like he was put through an aging machine . 
  they 're not to blame though . 
  if i was a westerner and all i saw in the news about turkey was erdo\u011fan i 'd think the same . 
  then there are the european turks who are majority pro-erdo\u011fan . 
  europeans interact with them and ... you get the point . 
  he has totally fisted our image . 
  lmao he ca n't speak english other than '' one minute '' . 
  lol ? 
  erdogan is a dictator . 
  orban is n't . 
  well my comments got nuked . 
  anyways , i got ta be upfront here . 
  i like your country , met some good people from there and do n't feel like insulting it over a few insufferable cunts like you online . 
  but all i will say is those are rich words coming from someone who 's country spends % 2.4 of it 's gdp on defense because of their neighbor . 
  that shit has also been going down for years , only in air . 
  you did nothing and you will continue to do nothing . 
  shooting a trespassing freighter is n't such a huge act . 
  and the irony of you calling turks barbaric but advocating for genocide with '' halotype coded virus '' is not lost on me . 
  maybe i 'd take that seriously if you could afford such technology . 
  now fuck off , spastic . 
   paid by the turkish state to spread fake news and manipulate public opinion in order to justify the geopolitical interests of turkey '' everyone i disagree with is a paid shill '' . 
  wish the government paid me though , i 'm broke . 
  i would shill so fucking hard for some green . 
  one day they 're whining about '' turkey genociding kurds '' and the next day kurds are kicking our ass . 
  can only be one . 
  kurds are kicking our ass so much . 
  how will we deal with them ? 
  we should leave the region at once . 
  thanks for correcting . 
  just looked it up . 
  it 's $ 13,200,000,000 . 
  gfp is usually accurate but they sometimes do forget to update . 
  turkish army is n't weak . 
  neither is the greek army . 
  a lot of people are underestimating your military . 
  turkey 's defense budget : $ 13,200,000,000 greece 's defense budget : $ 6,540,000,000 [ more information ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=turkey&amp;country2=greece&amp;submit=compare ) turkey has the edge and with the recent developments , the advantage will only grow . 
  on top of f-35 's and the s-400 , we have an aircraft carrier under construction . 
  but seriously , there will be no invasion . 
  both sides will get fucked up . 
  this thread has turned into a shitshow . 
  this sub is cancer if you 're turkish , russian or american . 
  and maybe british too since brexit . 
  i only continue to visit because it 's fun . 
  because a country can only improve their military if they 're planning to invade their neighbors . 
  got it .
