as a slovenian hospitality and friendlines are two words i would use to describe croatians . 
  my friends uncle let us stay for free at his vacation apartment for two weeks and refused to accept any sort of payment , not to mention two liter bottle of homemade rakija that was waiting for us in the refrigerator . 
  the best thing was barbecue for everyone living in his apartments , so a shit ton of meat for like 20 people of all nations ; slovaks , ukrainians , austrians and us sitting behind one table , just fantastic experience . 
  beautiful nature , great and friendly people and great hospitality is something all ex-yu countries share . 
  much love for my german and austrian bros < 3 afterall you welcomed us into a small group of nations that enjoys and plays glorious volksmusik !, 
  we can see how sharing a border with austria and being under their rule helped us in the long term , we were never that much behind western countries , while those under soviet/ottoman rule did n't enjoy the same benefits . 
  i was reading a book with all the registered families from the 19 century in my home town in central slovenia and at least half of them had austrian/german last names , so while slovenes were frowned upon and our language/traditions were forbbiden most of the time , they still did n't let us turn into a giant shit hole and so many austrians living here helped a lot with that i think . 
  we have a large trading port so that helped too . 
  all of this foreign rules/occupations really contributed to our identity crisis , we are considered as balkans/eastern europe by western/northern countries and south/eastern countries do n't see us as balkans , but more like germanized slavs . 
  in reality our culture , cousine and traditions are a mix of balkans/italian and german ones . 
  it is slovene if anyone is guessing , [ wikipedia on carinthian plebiscite for context . 
  i guess we just do n't think twice about it , even though they seem like small things i can imagine it must bother foreigners who study the language . 
  to be fair a lot of these changes are corrected if we speak strictly formal slovene so that 's why i like to think it 's the same on paper and when spoken , although we very rarely speak like that and it could confuse someone who is not native . 
  as a kid i was always confused as to why americans have those spelling competitions since i could spell every single word without thinking , but then you start to read written english and discover how hard it can be for them and that it 's a nightmare for non english speakers . 
  to be honest i have no idea how to explain it to you , i searched like a mad man and there are no correct spellings or video recordings of how to pronounce it correctly , i mean there are but the words are completely mispronounced . 
  i hope someone will be more helpful , this is the best thing about slovene , we pronounce words exactly like how they are written so explaining words like this fucks with my head . 
  heh we have ton of words like that , `` hru\u0161ka '' is pear in english , `` hrast '' is oak and so on ... 
  a ceremonial position for the most part , he either hangs out with people or takes care of the international relations . 
  he tries to get along with everyone , putin , erdogan , western presidents , even boris johnson is coming to slovenia this week , we are quite irrelevant politicaly so we can afford to be friends with everyone . 
  i like it this way , we get trading partnes all over the world and i live in a peaceful and neutral country . 
  nick vujicic , motivational speaker who was born without arms and legs , he was visiting slovenia a few months ago . 
  he 's a very nice guy , you could meet him in a store and have a normal conversation with him , he even attends random smaller and not so important events to talk to people . 
  i like it that he acts like a normal , relatable guy which i expect from a president of only two million people . 
  but why would these hackers even need any sort of protection if they worked on the behalf of russian government . 
  i mean they shut down two compounds owned by russian inteligence and made their identities public so i do n't think they would hesitate to expose whoever it was , why protect them if they were involved into these cyber attacks . 
  i do n't know why others would suddendly become afraid to spy for the us it 's not like they will publicly say who is a spy for no reason . 
  one of the reasons i heard was that by exposing the roots of these hacks could tell russians where they fucked up and help them prevent these mistakes next time , that makes more sense to me . 
  again i am open to all possibilities until something is released that proves it . 
  why would they be exposed to putin 's punishment if they really are russian insiders motivated by russian government and why would obama care what happens to them anyway . 
  also same can be said about accusations , if media and everyone else keeps talking about it as if it is already proven that does n't make it true . 
  obama does n't have much time left and if wants to prove anything then he will do it because i doubt trump will . 
  https://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2016/12/cias-absence-conviction/ i trust cia and fbi as much as i do fsb or gru or any inteligence services for that matter . 
  russia has all the motives to support trump , but until evidence is released we should n't jump to any conclusions . 
  after weeks of accusations obama still ca n't prove anything with all the resources he has or he is waiting until the end to go out with the biggest fuck you to trump . 
  he keeps saying nein , nein , nein ... i ca n't understand him . 
  are we associated with some of the characteristics dwarves have or does the pope and vatican citizens like lord of the rings/hobbit so much ? 
  that explains why i like apfelstrudels so much , there is still some franz left in us from the good old austria-hungary days . 
  he was joking , people do it all the time here since everyone knows how often we get mixed up . 
  it 's almost given that a non-european ( even european sometimes ) news site will mix nationalities or straight up think it 's the same country , ca n't really blame them to be fair . 
  besides our language we are pretty much the same looking as you and slovaks from my experience , you can almost always tell if someone is russian , serb , croat ... , but i could n't distinguish between an average slovene , slovak or czech . 
  and every time i watch a random sport i could say most of the slovaks/czechs have a name and a last name that sounds very slovene to me or some of them are even the same ( besides novak or horvat of course ) . 
  i think people do n't look this in the details which if they would , more of them could share your opinion , but if you are told a candidate was handed those questions you do n't exactly get the best impression about them and you can quickly jump to conclusion that they are not exactly innocent . 
  by moral high ground i meant that you ca n't be completely clean and then insult trump 's supporters and it looks like she underestimated how many of them there was all along . 
  and just so you know i despise trump , it 's clear how he is making decisions that will benefit his business or the people he knows not to mention his views on global warming that will effect everyone on this world , but i hope he finds some balance in the russia-us relationship . 
  if he fails in these 4 years then lets hope people will show up in the next elections and do what is right . 
  yeah you are right i should n't exactly call her corrupted , but my point is you ca n't hold moral high ground while doing some shady shit behind the curtains for the benefits . 
  objectively she is of course better , but how did that clear bias from media and others who should be more or less neutral help her , if people do n't trust their government then this will look fishy to them , at least that 's how i look at it . 
  you can tell what kind of a shit show this campaign was , people were fed with news that was biased towards both parties , lies and controversies flying all over the place no wonder so many people just did n't care anymore or did n't even vote . 
  i think we also overestimate how educated average voter is to know which candidate will work for the interests of the country and its citizens , or about how will he/she act about international relations , trump said i will return jobs to america and make it great again , i guess that 's what people wanted to hear . 
  so it 's okay with you if a candidate is corrupted and gets all the help it can get from the current administration and outside sources , or is it wrong only when it 's about a candidate you do n't like ? 
  sure he 's an idiot and will try to abuse his power for gains of his buddies and himself , but at least he was n't personally involved into these leaks , even if it benefits him . 
  i think one of the reasons so many people voted for trump is because of how obvious it was hilary is getting support from media/current administration and thinking she has the moral high ground over trump and people do n't like hypocrits . 
  in the end you the citizens got fucked by getting stuck with two idiots , but one of them at least has some experience and knowledge , makes you wonder how many people took this elections seriously if the one without the experience got elected . 
  by leaked you mean given to her with a clear intention ? 
  i mean i try to care as little as i can about this , but from my perspective you are making the leaked content look like it 's not that big of a deal . 
  i understand why foreign power leaking this information upsets you , especially because it was also released with a clear intention , but that does n't change the importance of it and that it 's the truth given to the americans , but again with a clear intention . 
  [ and i just read this today so i still do n't know how to feel about this situation ] ( https://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2016/12/cias-absence-conviction/ ) . 
  hilary did a lot of shit to herself , but clearly trump was n't an idiot enough if we look at how he treated people during the campaign and the controversial shit he was saying so if that did n't turn tens of millions of people away than i do n't know how much those leaks contributed . 
  russia will pay in one way or another you can believe that , but from a rational human beings perspective hilary would still be a better candidate even if it turned out she did something much worse , that 's how incompetent trump is , yet he we are . 
  i mean we were killing each other for thousands of years so my bet is not on the less violent by nature part . 
  that 's completely understandable , i 'm just surprised how hateful and inappropriate some of the comments are , it blows my mind how some people just ca n't hold themself back when they are typing this stuff . 
  anyway thank you for putting in the work and merry christmas !, 
  oh sorry that is worse than hitler , everyone on this world who spreads propaganda deserves to die , i bet they were not even humans with feelings and families , but just pure evil . 
  i have never seen comments as bad as this on r/europe and i have seen a lot of them , especially when to comes to anything involving russia . 
  i would understand if hitler himself was on that plane , but people wishing death to a military band , journalists and one of them was [ elizaveta glinka ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/world/making-a-difference/2011/1219/dr.-liza-heads-a-free-clinic-that-helps-moscow-s-homeless-and-hopeless ) . 
  some of the people here left a bad taste in my mouth on christmas . 
  you have some problems man , i mean if you genuinely believe people deserve to die just because they praise their military and sing propagandist songs , then you have some issues . 
  people fucking disgust me sometimes . 
  my serbian neighbour always greets me like that in the morning , what a great guy i can tell he likes me . 
  you mean kids who comment under the articles ? 
  seriously it 's the same shit in every country , they mean as much as youtube and facebook comments . 
  yeah we ride with the big boys now , we will prove the world tha slavs can be rich too . 
  yeah you better keep \u010dvarke away from me because i eat those babies like candy !, 
  it 's completely normal , there is also a macedonian bro in our close group of friends and i live in a industrial town so a lot of people moved here when war was being a bitch . 
  everyone gets along great , a good chunk of every school is a mix of every nation from ex-yugoslav republics you have a national smoothie . 
  you are lucky i 'm to fat to run after you because that food would be mine !, 
  seriously though my friend is a croat and his mother always makes a shitload of food and forces us to eat until we are more than full and than some because you do n't want to be rude , same goes for a serbian friend and his family . 
  so the best thing is to have less friends if you want to be skinny . 
  goddamn croats , serbs and bosniaks coming here with all the delicious food thinking we could resist , i blame you for making us a bunch of fatties . 
  bring her along , i bet she could outdrink everyone . 
  i assume bar is on your side and pool table on ours so you bring rakija and i 'll bring the pool sticks and we are ready for some border crossing . 
  definitely , i mean i doubt there is more than a few citizens in both countries who even care about this , it was always ridiculous because it 's not even that significant to anyone , they just bring it up when they are bored and when there is nothing else going on to complain about . 
  i was n't completely serious of course , but that 's why i said stubborn and not really hostile , politicians in both countries are arguing back and forth since forever for a small piece of land and nothing will ever be achieved . 
  yeah i remember people shared a ton of crazy maps/pictures of borders a few months ago . 
  in our case it 's more about politicans that keep bringing up border affairs for the last 25 years and they ca n't agree on a single thing . 
  we are the two most stubborn nations in the world when it comes to border disputes . 
  well you are right i guess , makes more sense and explains some things when i look at it like that . 
  i do n't think anyone is disagreeing that russia is pushing its propaganda , but people are starting to label anything/anyone not shitting on russia as a troll payed by kremlin . 
  it 's good to be cautious and stuff , but for some reason people lose all common sense here on reddit and do n't think how ridiciolus it gets sometimes . 
  it 's good to call a country out for it 's bullshit , but for some reason people just stopped caring and now russia is blamed for every problem in every country/eu if it 's justified or not . 
  maybe i 'm retarded but that 's the feeling i got in the last few months on reddit , especially in this sub . 
  while we are at it we should also start blaming russians for all the shitty buzzfeed articles . 
  [ spot on ] ( http://ourgoldenage.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/gac_aclockworkorange.jpg ) , even has the same smug face . 
  my father ( slovene ) was in the yugoslav navy for good 15-20 years and being friends with people from all nationalities for so long really fucked with him emotionaly when the wars started . 
  you ca n't go from being best friends with everyone to a time where those same guys were supposed to be the enemies over night . 
  he always told me how grateful he is that it ended so quickly here ( he got some sort of medal of honor for defending the brnik airport ) , but it was still hard for him to watch fighting go on for years . 
  this dude is emberassing our entire country with talking shit all over the place , it 's making me cringe inside . 
  on the behalf of all slovenes please stop it 's embarrassing . 
  op even said it that there is no need to discuss politics , but someone will always bring it up anyway just so we can get into another pointless argument and negativity . 
  you ca n't be a happy kid if you grow up without burek , \u0107evapi , sarma , baklava ...
