a female pinocchio , 
  i read that the reason they asked for the brown m&m 's to be removed was to make sure the staff had read and memorized all of the instructions , including the pointless one . 
  `` the entirety of the norwegian population must sing everything they say during our stay in a style and genre annonunced at a later date . '', 
  you 're right , that was a bit too sassy , i 'm sorry . 
  i do n't know how you interpreted it as me denying that it ever happened . 
  because i do n't . 
  my point is n't that they wo n't do it , because they will and have . 
  but that we should n't just accept it as the way warfare is done now , or in this future case , will be . 
  nations that use illegal weapons should be subject to sanctions and condemnation in order to make it 's use a bigger loss than a gain . 
  have i been misinformed ? 
  do countries with access to chemical and biological weapons use it whenever they feel like it ? 
  i ca n't deny that nuclear powers are flexing their muscles but even so do n't they try to avoid nuclear conflict ? 
  the rest were just examples i could think of at the top of my head based on this theoretical scenario , and yes china makes more sense . 
  i 'm actually not even sure robot armies will be worse than human armies . 
  and yes , i 'm not a computer scientist . 
  i 'm trying to learn programming though but it 's really boring . 
  my proposal is simply that if robot armies turns out to be bad we should suppress it 's use like we do with chemical weapons . 
  not that we should put our heads in the sand or produce as many as we can in order to assure mutal destruction . 
  even rouge nations hold back because of the huge political backlash they receive when using ` illegal ' weaponry . 
  it 's not about whether someone can or will , but whether or not they ` should ' . 
  if robots turns out to be unable distinguish between civilians and soldiers , or end up making militaries more willing to go to war since they are removed from real danger , or whatever it could be , then nations should band together to condemn it . 
  north korea will probably spend huge sums on a robot army , or `` nk huge '' , but that does n't mean everyone else should . 
  but you 're right in that they probably will , and then it 's just the political backlash that holds them back . 
  [ race war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhcqa1ejic0 ), 
  ` invent ' is not the same as ` utilizing ' it . 
  we hold back on chemical , biological and nuclear weapons because we know it 's not a good idea . 
  edit : altough i 'm not sure whether robo armies is a good or bad idea to be honest . 
  sure , but we should always make predictions beforehand . 
  creating the industry for robot armies and then deciding they were a bad idea does n't mean we can go back . 
  now there 's a strong economic incentive to preserve the cyber-military industry . 
  the world could turn into metal gear with cyborg pmcs , war-economy , etc. 
  in this sci-fi scenario we are assuming we have the technology to create an army of semi-sentient war-robots who will seek to fullfill a task for us , e.g. 
  `` capture a-city '' . 
  your idea is that this will lead to people not getting involved and out of harms way in case of war . 
  however i do n't think it will work that way . 
  the robots need to be built somewhere , factories wich become targets for an opposing robot army . 
  unless the factory is run by robots and supervised by robots then people will get hurt there . 
  can these robots be 100 % autonomous ? 
  how will they know if a peace treaty is signed ? 
  how will they get new orders ? 
  are they capable of forming their own strategies ? 
  i think people will need to be behind the controls , in at least as much of a control as in an rts . 
  these people will become targets . 
  we must also look at what the robots are fighting for . 
  why did we give them the task to capture this city ? 
  the reason is usually because there are military assets which need to be captured , there could be important resources or the people in control of the opposing robots are there . 
  any of these could be the reason to invade a populated city . 
  do you not think there 's going to be any casualties in this invasion ? 
  that all the civlians are going to just walk around the battle ? 
  sometimes the civilians themselves can be a target if they want tgo rid the area of a troublesome population . 
  sure , a robot army would drastically decrease casualties but to say that war now becomes solely machine vs. machine is not possible . 
  at least that 's what i believe . 
  then whose war are they fighting ? 
  you obviously try to kill the people controlling the machines then . 
  and since wars are usually fought over resources and land people use , there 's gon na be people in the crossfire . 
  not the first time russia 's done this . 
  remember the tartars ? 
  i think this sends a horrible message to everyone about what kind of person putin is , he 's doing something vere reminiscent of stalin . 
  it would have been even better if we kept norway under us . 
  damn you little brother , thinking you 're hot shit all of a sudden what with your oil and black metal !, 
  [ unless ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m5nld2cr7ti ), 
  we already have too many here . 
  i wo n't be able to see where i 'm walking if i have to avoid eyecontact in all directions . 
  they 're not bannig cloning for research purposes so it 's not like they just hate cloning . 
  i can imagine some kind of complication regarding cancer or birth defects that do n't show up until they start breeding the cloned animals . 
  then there is also the moral concern of whether or not cloned livestock will be treated with value . 
  currently every cow has a value because they take time to raise and breed . 
  genetically engineered cows you can massproduce either through artificial insemination or in a tube makes a good breed cheap and therefore not required to care about . 
  a comparison would be puppy mills where they massproduce dogs for cheap and little care . 
  not enough of them to form their own neighbourhoods i suspect . 
  in stockholm most of them have little money with them so they all move where the apartments are cheaper and that 's how we get `` immigrant areas '' . 
  the us was founded by traitors . 
  gangs have it easy there since it has a huge immigrant population living in poor neighbourhoods . 
  the police and firefighters tend to stay away from those areas since people will throw stones at them because they do n't have anything better to do and do n't care about the society they live in . 
  probably somewhere , do n't know where . 
  but see my comment below , nothing sexy . 
  to be fair , she was n't exactly sexualised , it was more of a regular woman getting slammed from behind while casually talking about insurance or something like that . 
  the man is n't even visible , he 's hidden behind wall and you are looking in through the window . 
  i feel your pain . 
  why the fuck do they insist on putting a thin semi-transparent black bar in front eyeless man 's big pulsating penis as it fucks as girl senseless ? 
  like now hardcore netorare gangbang is no longer obscene ? 
  i remember 10 years ago , a danish commercial where a woman was getting fucked doggystyle on top of a washing machine while talking to the camera . 
  whore, 
  to be fair , ' \u00d6 ' is the sound of someone struggling to get their words out . 
  you can have sk\u00e5ne but not the rest . 
  sk\u00e5ne is too danish anyway . 
  the fingerwaving and headsnap is a registered trademark of black women co. 
  i tought they were all in sweden . 
  i believe most forests in europe has been cut down and replanted over and over again since man arrived . 
  i read that poland is planning on cutting down one of the only remaining untouched forests even though it 's supposed to be protected . 
  lots of articles i 've read mention how interpreters often find that they do n't appear to be from syria but offer no specifics . 
  i guess he/she just assumed it was because they did n't speak `` syrian '' . 
  the arab/muslim countries that do n't take in any or many refugees either do n't care about human lives as much as europeans and refuse or have no social safety net a migrant could survive on so they wo n't go there . 
  videos and victim testemonies . 
  about the guy wanting to come to austria to become a engineer , is that even possible ? 
  even assuming he has a fully finished education it would be an iraqi education which as far as i 'm aware is severely lacking compared to european ones . 
  i imagine he would either be told he 's not qualified to enroll or he would enroll and fail hard . 
  you take that back !, 
  sweden # 1, 
  of course people can react to it , but the teachers and the school are not allowed to tell you to shut up about it unless it breaks the law ( that law would probably be hate speech-laws ) .
