   leftists promote this idea of `` one language '' as a way to achieve their political goals , so they are the ones primarily making it a political issue . 
  utter bollocks , neither is the discussion here about having `` one language '' which is a moot point ; `` a language is a dialect with an army and a navy '' anyhow ; and as kapovic states whether one will talk about a pluricentric standard language with multiple variants , or extremely close distinct standard languages has no significance ; nothing is at stake ; except for the nationalist ( and sure if you wish you can add yugoslav nationalism there as well ) . 
  i could n't care less ; the topic here is arguing `` the two languages are the same '' which fits either description . 
  the only place on the planet where pointing this out can possibly be controversial is deep in the nationalist gutters of croatian academic poltrons - compare it with linguistics on the matter across the border in any direction or distance you care to if you doubt it . 
   it is curious because during yugoslavia those same leftist had no problem proclaiming them separate languages . 
  kordic documents exactly the opposite . 
  in the cases of for eg dalibor brozovi\u0107 , milan mogu\u0161 , radoslav kati\u010di\u0107 , stjepan babi\u0107 , august kova\u010dec, 
   it is curious that you would choose only those authors who are widely seen as leftist and , to a degree , `` yugonostalgic '' to justify your assertions oh sure - a list of names on the other side is just as long - but this is strictly sufficient for a claim about the `` leftist '' , as you put it , public . 
  again goes to show that the matter is political rather than linguistic . 
  ha , so here comes that audience . 
  i have to admit that when it works , it works great :d that the distinction is a purely political one , is the entire point - and croatian spring was an evidently political struggle , the declaration in question one of its big artillery pieces . 
  i 'm not talking about 67 ' , nor about the 90s , but of croatia today . 
  come on , we 've been laughing about the supposed two languages in popular culture for decades : [ top lista nadrealista - jezici ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dztrx5dxmxu ) consider the reactions in comments a small poll on the matter :p or do you remember how the notion of subtitling serbian tv/film was received as a joke ? 
  not merely unnecessary , but laughable , transparently merely political ? 
  as to a majority of croatias , i 've yet to meet a liberal person not considering the notion of any substantial distinction simply laughable . 
  regarding the general public , see the reactions to `` jezik i nacionalizam '' by snje\u017eana kordi\u0107 by a veritable who is who of croatian and regional liberal scene , names or publications , as well as wider mainstream : jergovic - http://www.jergovic.com/sumnjivo-lice/vila-babickinja-i-sto-sargarepa/ lucic - http://tacno.net/kultura/predrag-lucic-smece-u-glavi-i-jabuke-na-jeziku/ mandic - http://www.webcitation.org/68vxslhxh dezulovic - http://www.webcitation.org/68vxbsc8b bazdulj - http://www.jergovic.com/ajfelov-most/serbo-croatian-strikes-back/ a single link covering clippings from novi list , zarez as well as vijesti , vreme from the other side of the border - http://www.webcitation.org/6rbrxzgtq slobodna dalmacija - http://www.webcitation.org/68ysffein h-alter http://www.webcitation.org/68yyzxriu mate kapovic http://lupiga.com/vijesti/jezik-i-konzervatizam-nije-tesko-vidjeti-da-je-jezicni-purizam-desni-politicki-projekt zarez here counts also oliver frlji\u0107 , ivana simi\u0107 bodro\u017ei\u0107 , nikola petkovi\u0107 , vuk peri\u0161i\u0107 , predrag matvejevi\u0107 , dubravka ugre\u0161i\u0107 , viktor ivan\u010di\u0107 , slobodan \u0160najder , marinko \u010culi\u0107 but i got tired of tracking these down http://www.zarez.hr/clanci/jezik-i-nacionalizam-tri-godine-kasnije and i 'm sure you 're familiar with how it is characterized internationally http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-croatian, 
  . . along with the similar new classical economics of late 70s and early 80s . 
  critique of these , generally focused on price stickiness and general nominal rigidities gave rise to the new keynesian school http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_keynesian_economics . 
  contemporary dsge models have such nominal rigidities ; contemporary central banking practice long abandoned monetarist money supply targeting in favor , again , of inflation targeting based on taylor rule , a new keynesian notion http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_b._taylor etc. 
  eventually this facilitated a new synthesis , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_neoclassical_synthesis  central planning and borrowing which has little to do with keynesianism as a macroeconomic theory . 
   get into a convoluted argument , during which you argue that the two languages are the same . 
  insist that croatia is a balkan country . 
  you need to find a fairly conservative audience for that to work ; many would simply agree on both counts . 
   keynes argued , after hayek discredited his general theory fascinating , given how the new keynesian economics is more-less the bulk of the mainstream economic thought , as it has been since , what , 50s ? 
  while austrian economics continues to be only a fringe albeit historically influential current , academically . 
   we are all dead anyway ? 
  christ . 
  government debt has nothing to do with the individual . 
  the government is n't going to die or retire or lose its job and become homeless . 
  a massive economy is n't your credit card bill . 
    so many people pay a bill in their life and suddenly become economists . 
  you missed a reference to a famous saying by the father of macroeconomics , keynes here , `` in the long run , we 're all dead '' . 
  this was in response to someone claiming something along the lines of - economies will find a natural equilibrium in the long run so there 's no need to interfere etc. 
   you do n't cut your way out of a recession . 
  ahh , you can - strategy there is improving your competitiveness by internal depreciation , similarly to how you would have depreciated the currency before the monetary union - it will just hurt more . 
  see the recently linked stiglitz article - recessions find a bottom , so a fair number of austerity-minded states found it , fairly deeply down , and have been deemed a success . 
  ofc only if one does n't consider the price of getting there . 
  but looking at even those cases from a perspective of a country in a recession for 6 years now , and with an economy that has overall stagnated since before i was born 30 + years ago essentially , frankly i envy even finding a bottom in such a painful way . 
  all that tried even that , at least did get to the bottom by now . 
  we might next year just barely , tough the projection risks are on the downside ... which is to say no clear end in sight yet . . its one thing to recommend growth-boosting policies rather than internal depreciation via cuts , another to simply continue to be economically unattractive while maintaining expenditure and revenue status quo . 
  i think that 's got ta be the worst possible economic policy , even compared to austerty . 
  and i would n't ignore the keynesian `` animal spirits '' that drive the markets -- to show a persistent lack of vision and strategy over your economy , and simply attempting to muddle through is far worse for the business and consumer confidence than having a more painful medicine than necessary , but having some resoluteness in applying it . 
  and frankly , all this does n't seem that different from what france is doing either . 
  no , but the same region , only decade before . 
  ie , the shit that got them into the mess now . 
  failed real-estate investments and all . 
  and they 're not maintaining 3 % , that would be relatively civilized ; they had to cut savagely to get there in an aggressive timetable from as high as 12 % . 
  losing at least as much of gdp as they cut each year . 
  uhm , i 'd agree were it practically any other country but here ? 
  1 ) if edp procedure now does n't punish them with at least an interest-bearing deposit , countries like spain and portugal are right to complain of a double standard . 
  they 've already been given ( sensible ) extensions to produce a downward path to their deficit . 
  min fine is 4billion euro . 
  not a scenario anyone desires for an already struggling economy , since it hardly helps . 
  but this is a community of law , not one run by the market . 
  it would be much easier to avoid were they persuasive in the commitment to some reforms at least . 
  2 ) france has repeatedly promised and failed to put its deficit on a downwards trajectory , be it by austerity or by boosting growth or however . 
  whatever france has been doing , it has n't shown any results in the last 7 years and is set to continue for another one . 
  it 's not a case of focusing on the short run with overly aggressive targets and incorrect policies ( cuts ) to achieve it and the like . 
  by now , this damages the credibility of its medium-term commitment ; idk if a single country did less than france to tackle its long-term debt trajectory in the past decade . 
  i 'd rather see italy spending more than france . 
  anyone really , apart prob greece . 
  3 ) nevermind the damage of credibility of the rules - a symptom rather than a disease , though a dangerous one - its that their economic policy is apparently impotent to do anything about the pathetic economic results . 
  they 're showing a deeper hole due to a further fall in revenue , not due to the aggressiveness of the expenses ( say , in order to boost growth and hence revenue ) . 
  with a long-stagnant economy , its not that they 're not implementing a particular kind of policy , like austerity - they 've not produced any ambitious economic policies ; the political class seems to be merely trying and failing to implement austerity cuts . 
  this looks set to say `` no reform '' - rather than just `` no austerity '' . 
  a lack of economic strategy or the power to implement any . 
  this certainly destroys business and consumer confidence necessary for any kind of recovery . 
  they can spend it however they want . 
  they can also spend however much they want . 
  they only agreed to stick to a deficit rule though ; how much they can spend beyond what they earn in a year . 
  supposed to have become a national legal obligation as well as an international one , though not sure re the status of the transcription of the medium-term `` golden rule '' into laws . 
  they are supposed to keep their deficits under 3 % gdp over the medium turn , credibly lowering it year after year if breached , and similarly have a credible downwards trajectory on any debt beyond 60 % gdp . 
  allowed ? 
  nothing i mentioned is forbidden per se . 
  but national interest certainly does n't excuse every possible behavior either , otherwise russia would be perfectly right to defend its national interest by occupying swathes of ukraine as well , for example . 
  the question is whence the hostility to how the relationship between uk and eu currently stands , with the claim that the behavior of uk is in no way damaging to anyone else - here are 3 examples of uk 's behavior certainly damaging to the eu and interests of all other member states . 
  it certainly makes the continent less interested in the continuation of such a relationship . 
  and its allies on increasing number of issues few , since alliances are also built on solidarity and cooperation , whilst the uk gives the impression of being focused only on the national prerogatives . 
  having a free trade agreement of whatever depth it desires , plus possibly a bilateral defense and/justice cooperation with the uk is certainly preferable than a country with the behavior of the uk having full further vote in internal eu matters , complete with the power to stop others from integrating further or shaping the institutions that practically run the macroeconomic envelope of core eu . 
  if the uk is an opportunist to take advantage of any weakness it can find to push through its national interest , usually opposite to the interests of the rest of the eu , then it is paramount it can be outvoted on everything of importance at least . 
  ofc its still a large voting block to push through or block a position that has sufficient further support in the rest of the eu , and hence influence continental policymaking in a fair proportion to its significance , such as it actually is . 
  i still think this can be a productive `` divorce '' though , possibly developing an explicit associate status within the eu , a real multi-tier structure , possibly one with ad-hoc arrangements and partial voting rights on matters where one participates only , without commissioner seat , and devoid of any veto , including none on revisions of full-member eu competencies or eu institutional arrangements - an arrangement far fairer and so possibly of interest to norway , iceland , or the microstates . 
  generally majority rules , so one is indeed obliged to follow the majority even when one disagrees . 
  as to the relationship of the countries , term above was damaging ( `` does n't actually do anything that would hurt '' ) , not hostile ( later question was whence the european hostility towards the relationship , quite different than saying something about it being a hostile country ) . 
  now that entirely depends on the methods used to battle for one 's ( eternally ) dissenting position - recklessly destructive tantrums and blackmails obviously alienate one from potential future allies . 
  voting against a proposition one disagrees with and defending that vote with a topical argument is in fact highly welcome . 
  for eg , a public campaign after the public elections rather than before , as opposed to coalition building with the nations for a vote where one might still defeat an unwelcome development is a fairly deep gutter of political filth . 
  though simultaneous complaints about lack of electability in eu power and active prevention of such electability are fairly repulsive in their hypocrisy to start with . 
  you can see how welcome this kind of behavior was by the final vote . 
  so is vetoing a crucial policy not involving the uk in one unrelated segment ( or if anything negatively related given the role of the financial system as it stood was in creating the crisis leading to the fiscal compact ) so as to try and force concessions in another . 
  here the uk is directly attempting to prevent others from integrating further , at a point where obviously the monetary union requires further integration to function !, 
  to opportunistically take advantage of their predicament , rather than at the very least not kicking them when they 're down . 
  you can see how welcome this kind of behavior was by indignant circumvention instead of appeasement of this tactic . 
  obviously simultaneously complaining about the amount payed into the eu budget and demanding a mechanism that will make any amount invested into the uk mitigate this amount only by a third its nominal value is a fairly clear signal one is more interested in complaining about the eu for domestic consumption than in real engagement . 
  you can see how welcome this behavior was by the rebates on paying the rebate soon introduced by the other net payers . 
  that 's perfectly fine , as long as the federal level sets the floor for a few key taxes . 
  danger of abuse here is companies avoiding taxation while enjoying the single market ; there is no danger in some states being able to charge extra taxes . 
  i do n't think there 's much point in having a federal personal income tax for eg - not quite sure why this was federalized in the us , though i gather it was controversial . 
  or property or inheritance taxation . 
  sales tax , corporate tax , energy & carbon taxation , financial taxation and ofc tariffs - these are of interest to the federal level i think .
