  uh , yes there is - note i hedged by saying in case of art 49 ( yeah i mistyped it . . ) - in that case , we have as the legal basis the text of that treaty article , where consent of the ep is necessary . 
  and as a factual basis , we have the sources quoted in this article that they would use this to block such an accession . .  a valid opinion but again not supported by any legal or treaty fact . 
  admittedly true - however you need unanimity , legally , according to the treaty be it art 48 or art 49 , to accept scotland as being already in the eu even though its a new state . 
  then you do have member states with an incentive not to make it too painless , eg spain . 
  now what they 'll choose when faced with the actual situation , we 'll see . 
  well this article is presuming scottish membership to require art 49 teu procedure . 
  in that case , they are absolutely right , they have a veto and they should use it in case member states are inclined to give scotland an euro opt-out . 
  this article is predicated on that scenario , says so in the first sentence . 
  yet you claim its nonsense , only to admit 3 posts down you 're not even addressing what happens in that scenario , but favor a diferent one . 
  in fact rather than nonsense , this is exactly what the eu parliament will prob do in the case of art 59 procedure . 
  i 'd support them fully . 
  why would scotland get conditions any different than croatia or iceland if its joining by the same procedure ? 
  no new member state got such an opt out . 
  meps are clarifying that such an unfair privileged treatment wo n't happen in the case of scotland either . 
  but , hypothetically if we 're talking about the only other possible legal basis for scotland to be in the eu , the ordinary revision procedure , parliament again has veto in art 48 teu . 
  though they are n't even discussing its use in that case . 
  moreover , i think you should be forced to reapply - rest of the uk is likely to be recognized as the sole successor and in that case scotland is a new candidate country and nothing else . 
  but also that scotland should be given a favorable treaty allowing them access to the common market in the interim period . 
  this is in everyone 's interest . 
  not , however access to eu funds , directly nor fully , but only to the financial instruments available to applicant countries , for procedural reason . 
  and i hope you do succeed , these are n't great sacrifices to make for independence , and are really short-term . 
  but scotland should be treated just like every other sovereign country , in the interest of fairness . 
  most definitely . 
   6 year war * hm ? 
  wiki : 28 july 1914 -- 11 november 1918 ( 4 years , 3 months and 1 week ) good point though, 
  sure . 
  but massively firing belgians that came that way , as described in the article , seems a very brutal way to accomplish that . 
  its only been a 4 years war , they could have gotten most of the effect without quite so actively destroying peoples livelyhoods and new lives , hitting them twice in the course of the same war . 
  and scumbag uk gov. , using them for pr , then unraveling people 's lives again , just as they started piecing them back together the moment they were no longer of such use . 
  the plot thickens then !, 
  thx , interesting !, 
  hmm , in which configuration ? 
  21 +113 +24 +22 = 181 , a majority . 
  that 's v+s+mp+c . 
  works even worse w fp instead of say v , but works . 
  i think that does n't make much sense . 
  if you do n't feel represented by the political spectrum , or the part of it with a credible chance to be worth the trouble , not going out to vote is your vote , and a perfectly honest expression of your position . 
  if bothered to get to the voting booth , since you 're already there , why not circle some lesser evil too ? 
  in a way the former is more honest ; the later is a tactical vote not actual support . 
  and the fact parties need to mobilize their voters , that seeing them as the least bad option is not enough , is a way of expressing the intensity of the opinion as well . 
  well i 'm thinking it prob does apply to feminist at least because of their novelty on the political radar - but if applied to the whole left , then its a commonly claimed effect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shy_tory_factor though far less consistent and credible . 
  ugh , and consider what the guy said on the level of power `` protected '' by it . 
  that 's what i was thinking , can they sit with the hard left ? 
  there seems to be some ancient precedent for them supporting a socialdemocratic government , from the 50s , so i thought it possible . 
  nothing else really works if everyone sticks to their promises . 
  well , liberals or christiandemocrats possibly , if that 's any less difficult ... its just a few seats majority either way ; this one would be the least fragile one out of 3 fragile options . 
  right , right - i used the wrong english word really ; not kingmakers ; they ca n't really enable a right-wing government - but merely an indispensable player that usually is n't part of a socialdemocratic government , in a great negotiating position . 
  sooo that could leave the center party as the kingmaker ? 
  numbers do n't work too well with the other two right parties ; this would be a slim majority already , and its the largest one . 
  hm this will be an interesting attempt at forming a government . 
  minority government of either side ( right one supported by sd say , left by say the center party ) , or a grand coalition of the largest parties , or a formal coalition of left with say the center party seem like possible options , in principle . 
  right . 
  plus i expect a feminist , or green voter is more likely than average to be proud/enthusiastic about his or her choice , so willing to answer a questionnaire on it , hence their overestimates . 
  seems to have eroded the center right . 
  makes sense really . 
  you do n't like the governing parties , all score badly , but you wo n't give the vote to the left either . 
  so you 've got exactly one rightwards option . 
  maybe you 'd have just stayed home otherwise . 
  on the other side , any left gains seem to have been eaten up by spoiled votes on feminists . 
  not too far from the threshold , but no dice . 
  right , ofc , but they 're just quoting the defense minister and his statements at a press conference . 
  ohh , so feminists float on the electoral threshold !, 
  will be interesting to see if they actually got in or not . 
  what about exit polls ? 
  internal propaganda to lift the spirits maybe ? 
  i remember how croatian army , in the initial phase of the war when we had no chances , was `` winning '' this battle and that battle , but `` interestingly '' locations were closer and closer to my home town at each announcement ... 
  did !, 
  best of luck !, 
  any referendum would prob be much harder to win if brussels is supposed to be a part of flanders ; its quite big in comparison to the total population of flanders , and as you say favors unity . 
  and they would get vote on the matter , just like the rest of future flanders , surely , right ? 
  if not , i gather its suburbs extend quite farther than the borders of the administrative unit , right ; seems a bit gerrymandered to carve a part of the city you can absorb in the vote , with the consequences of splitting one city between two future sovereign countries , one completely surrounding the other ? 
  wow really ? 
  i find that really surprising . 
  grrr , my food currently comes from tourists printing out ryanair tickets . 
  you 'll owe me a sandwich for that karma :p, 
  sssssh , are you nuts , do n't tell 'em , late season and recession and stuff ... ; /, 
  really ? 
  thought they 'd fear about giving hopes to their own separatists, 
  i loved the reaction of our governor of the central bank on the prospect of joining the eurozone - he said `` freedom 's just another word for nothing left to loose ''  referring to the very high level of euroization of our financial markets and economy , forcing us into an effective peg on the euro , since devaluations would have great negative repercussions on euro-denominated debts etc , in the end not being worth it . 
  so realistically disallowing any real independent monetary policy anyhow . 
  and more :  it should be pointed out that pursuant to article 2 , point 1 of the regulation a citizens ' initiative may only invite the commission , within the framework of its powers , to submit an appropriate proposal for a legal act considered necessary by the citizens for the purpose of implementing the treaties . 
  conversely , a citizens ' initiative inviting the commission not to propose a legal act is not admissible under that provision . 
  the same holds true for a citizens ' initiative inviting the commission to propose a `` decision '' not to adopt a legal act edit : so in explicit terms , `` do n't propose a legal act '' is not a proposal of a legal act , and hence is inadmissible . 
  proposing a repeal of an act on the other hand ... 
  and you somehow took that to mean opening negotiations and repealing a treaty are legally equivalent ? 
  i 'll repeat the relevant paragraph :  as a matter of principle , the signature and conclusion of an international agreement with a given subject and content may be requested by a citizens ' initiative . 
  conversely , the preparatory council decisions authorising the opening of international negotiations or repealing such authorisation do not fall within the scope of the regulation, 
  consultation by definition is not binding . 
  seems a perfectly sensible response . 
  initiatives are a tight instrument to persuade - not even obligate , see the antiabortion initiative - commission into submitting a legal proposal to the parliament and the council . 
  this is neither . 
  fails on basic formal conditions . 
  case closed . 
   article 2 ( 1 ) of regulation ( eu ) no 211/2011 of the european parliament and of the council of 16 february 2011 on the citizens ' initiative ( hereinafter : the `` regulation '' ) defines a citizens ' initiative as one which invites the commission , within the framework of its powers , to submit an appropriate proposal on matters where citizens consider that a legal act of the union is required for the purpose of implementing the treaties ... as a matter of principle , the signature and conclusion of an international agreement with a given subject and content may be requested by a citizens ' initiative . 
  conversely , the preparatory council decisions authorising the opening of international negotiations or repealing such authorisation do not fall within the scope of the regulation . 
  therefore , the council decision authorising the opening of negotiations is not a `` a legal act of the union '' and the commission recommendation for such a council decision does not constitute an `` appropriate proposal '' within the meaning of article 11 ( 4 ) teu and article 2 , point 1 and article 4 ( 2 ) ( b ) of the regulation edit : is someone prepared to discuss the legal meritum of the matter , rather than just downvote manifest legal facts ? 
  i presume turkey wo n't be too happy about a kurdistan supported by the west . 
  i 'm not sure what you meant - what worked for croatia ? 
  distancing from the collaborators ? 
  well , to a point , its [ still ] ( http://www.setimes.com/cocoon/setimes/xhtml/en_gb/features/setimes/features/2014/06/17/feature-01 ) an [ issue ] ( http://www.truthdig.com/eartotheground/item/20070702_the_next_generation_of_fascists ) .
