  what i usually saw analyzed was its effect as an automatic stabilizer . 
  which is to say , in a slump , taxation gets lower , and if the taxation is progressive , then more intensly so as real wages are eroded , while newly unemployed start receiving compensations , possibly some retire early instead , other people are driven to receive aid etc - with the effect of having less revenues and more expenditures , or in other words , a hole in the budget . 
  so if the state does nothing at all , automatically and fairly quickly , it starts to quickly fiscally stimulate the economy , thus hopefully reversing that slump . 
  of course , politics can then either try to limit this effect , by plugging that budgetary hole instead of simply creating more debt , or alternatively , enhance it , by further , discretionary stimulus . 
   are these two things one and the same or has there been a shift in how the logic works out not quite , that report too acknowledges the distinction between cyclical and structural transfers ( subheadings like `` redistributive power '' and `` stabilizing role '' ) . 
  i 'm not sure how much of their thinking translates to today - the economies are simply very different , with much more liberal industrial policies , and far greater effects of finance . 
  i do n't think the notion that regions that lose out in fair competition due to the opening of the markets require compensation beyond what small targeted funds already in place offer is of much concern to the current liberal thinking politicians , but in any case it is eu-wide one , rather than eurozone-specific . 
  arguments on stabilizers are usually around optimal monetary area theory , and specifically how a monetary area copes with asymmetric shocks . 
  i think you 'll find this in linked works and google ; its 3:30 am and i 'm getting really sleepy so i 'll stop typing now . 
  ( note the post was not written in order ... )  can you give me some recommended reading that i can understand as a non-economist to get myself up to date ? 
  two most significant current risksharing directions on the matter are i think various eurobonds proposals , and various fiscal stabilizer proposals . 
  on the first matter , think voxeu has good summaries linked here : http://www.voxeu.org/article/making-sense-eurobond-proposals and the later padre proposal : http://www.voxeu.org/article/padre-plan-politically-acceptable-debt-restructuring-eurozone - links to a book there are comission working papers on the matter too - they 're probably mentioned . 
  if a sufficiently ambitious ones were implemented , markets could n't have picked on the weakest countries causing panic and contagion that brought us this mess , and also , everyone but germany would be able to borrow more cheaply , which amounts to debt relief . 
  especially the padre plan , which amounts to a very very slow repayment of a substantial fraction of all debt ( by forgoing seigniorage earnings ) . 
  on stabilizers , http://ec.europa.eu/social/blobservlet?docid=10964&amp;langid=en http://www.swp-berlin.org/fileadmin/contents/products/arbeitspapiere/paper_us_ks_neu_formatiert.pdf http://www.hertie-school.org/fileadmin/images/media_events/cibu/dolls_etal__may2014__-_an_unemployment_insurance_scheme_for_the_euro_area.pdf http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=88&amp;langid=hr&amp;eventsid=992&amp;moredocuments=yes&amp;tablename=events&amp;typeid=92 on the `` macroeconomic '' approach to stabilizers : ca n't find a decent one for now , just casual mentions in other works . 
  these are not the only matters . 
  preventing asymmetric shocks can be pursued with conventional eu policies already reinforced , like deepening of economic integration , fiscal synchronization via budgetary monitoring and enforcing the macroeconomic imbalances mechanisms , and a banking union . 
  i think this is an interesting contrary paper , arguing against the need or effectiveness of stabilizers , and that its financial integration , made stable in the face of crisis by banking union and combined with existing national stabilizers and the above factors of synchronization through basically liberal policies - market integration , market liberalization and disciplinary mechanisms which is by far the bigger factor : http://www.sachverstaendigenrat-wirtschaft.de/fileadmin/dateiablage/sonstiges/genshagen_paper_-_feld.pdf i had a bunch of links on the banking union proposals too , but that seems to be a done thing now . 
  as far as historical literature goes , i 'll dig if you 're interested further . 
  because the macdougall report is famous , common reference point , the interlocutor of the later analysis by various economists - and by no means the only one , nor the final word on the matter . 
  it can not envision various proposals put forward since then - and everything depends on the exact model used - but simply one of many attempts to address the issue . 
  that group of economists , also came with a mechanism - a group before , marjolin report , first suggested another notion , of a european unemployment benefit system . 
  the later delors report also advocated fiscal shock absorbers . 
  van hagen found the distinction between general social transfers in the analyzed federal structures , from actual asymmetric shock absorbers , identifying the latter , smaller portion as relevant for the functioning of a monetary union . 
  empirical research during the 90s found wide disparities in the levels of such absorption , say high in france , significant in uk , canada , us , and negligible in italy and germany . 
  early models like the macdougall appeared before modern macroeconomic modelling became so dominant a methodology . 
  possibly a blessing . 
  some transfer systems , when so modeled show little actual value or even a counter-effect in absorbing asymmetric shocks . 
  during the crisis we had a proliferation of economists modelling plausible mechanisms that address various aspects of the faulty architecture of the monetary union - and some gained some political traction . 
  like - a mechanism mimicking l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich , eurobills , bluebonds , drf , padre , ubs , etc etc. 
  as i said , this is a wide literature , and the report you link but one in a sea of analysis . 
  most agree some asymmetric shock absorption method is desirable , as to levels , we 're really just guessing . 
  certainly if the methodology is the old , pre-lucas critique way of predicting policy on the basis of shallow empirical relationships in historical data . 
  better perhaps to try explicit modelling of the absorption effects of individual mechanisms , and select the most promising ones . 
  edit : damn , reediting it over and over again , and lost a part of the text . 
  reconstructing it possibly more concisely . 
   ecb is outside its mandate for couple of years now , ridiculously so . 
  referring to the deflationary threat ? 
  failing on that front for about a year now , yeah . 
  but , their target is medium-term , not instant . 
  they are at the zero lower bound , keeping as accommodative monetary stance as the tools they 've developed up to now can be . 
  they just need further tools , like true qe , and the private sector qe ( abs market , corporate bonds ) , which takes time to deploy and agree on . 
  think this is the reason for the asymmetry of response . 
  heck they do n't even know if one of their tools , omt , will even be found to be legal or not . 
  if not , skyrocketing borrowing costs for some countries , again , are perfectly possible . 
  and one can count on a similar challenge if public bonds qe is started . 
  still , currently their modelling expects to reach it without ever actually hitting deflation ( it said - in a few years , before new ltro rounds were announced , so i expect they hope to quicken it by that ) , but they 're nervous about expectations of such a scenario ending up causing it . 
   imo , bundesbank will join the ranks of those who wish it did n't resist for so long . 
  everyone prefers '' ceaseless stimulus '' to '' austere seppuku '' these days . 
  yeah , seems sensible enough  bundesbank indicated qe is not out of the question already - i 'm just not expecting it this year . 
  i 'm hoping it happens sooner rather than later though . 
  i 'm just saying - that action , ie waiting for a deflationary threat to manifest to consider further actions , despite the real economy suffering for quite some time , is already a truly hard stance . 
  every other major central bank already pumped far more money , as you yourself say , even when faced with much more benign problems than the eurozone . 
  bah an analysis among many . 
  the spectrum of how much and what kind of integration is needed for a monetary area to work is wide and well analyzed . 
  bottom line is that we ca n't even say for sure that what we already have not is n't quite enough ( though i guess most suspect we need more ) - since we did n't even have a proper banking union , eurostat supervision of national statistics , reformed sgp and semester , esm , esfs etc at the start of the crisis - and much of this is either preventive or not funded even now so of limited use in the current predicament - let alone state with any confidence whether we need say 1 , 2 , 5 , 10 or 25 % federal budget . 
  my guess would be btw , a common minimum social security system as the countercyclical transfer mechanism , common bonds ( there 's a few usable models ) , tax harmonization ( corporate tax `` snake '' and corporate tax base at least ) , some further market and judicial integration , some legal clarity on being able to do omt , qe and similar , also some clarity and practice in flexibly applying sgp limits without devaluating the mechanism completely , entrenchment of fiscal boards with sufficient independence as required by the fiscal compact , ability to leverage esm funds - else we have no warchest in case a country like say italy , france or germany ends up in trouble at all , and some legitimacy to adjustment programs implementation , by ep involvement in ratifying them and supervising their implementation - something like that . 
  all of which would n't require a significantly higher total eu/euro budget than currently . 
  ( considering things like the esm already expanded it far above the nominal size of the eu budget ), 
  ehh , well not exactly - certainly not vastly . 
  just that it was the only model that could be had , as i said since it was germany 's condition for participating . 
  and that everyone knew this was the case , so the fiscal side could have anticipated this lack of interest in some country 's economical problems . 
  in two senses i do find a bank like the ecb or bundesbank a better choice : when i said pliable , i also meant , not really independent from political pressures . 
  monetary policy , like the fiscal envelope , are not matters day-to-day politics should decide upon , for at times it requires highly unpopular acts to be credible . 
  and further for it both benefits from the ability to stun the markets when it needs to act decisively , and from the predictability of having transparent technocratic goals ( more on that in the next paragraph ) like when volckner doubled the interest rates in the middle of stagflation , consciously plunging the country into a severe recession , but ending the uncontrollable inflation and stagnation , and winning back credibility of the central bank . 
  that also touches the second matter - high and unpredictable inflation is an economic drag , yet when the expectation of inflation is entrenched , the expectation itself creates inflation , for higher wages will be demanded , and higher prices will be set because of that expectation - so it is difficult to control at desirable low and stable levels without clear credible rules ( like inflation targeting ) , which require again being at arms length from the political arena , and maintaining a low and stable inflation target , with a clear and focused mandate and tools to do just that . 
  on the other hand , i think especially under trichet the ecb was far too worried over inflation where no real risk was present , to the detriment of growth , and think overall the fed was a far better central bank , yet still obviously sufficiently credible , so this seems an extreme in the other direction . 
  but in the end , its probably not the central bank that can do a whole lot at the zero lower bond , and the needed fiscal stimulus is limited by the debt levels in most countries ... 
  sure - and they do n't have individual currencies either . 
  as to it being rectified by redistribution - well , actually not really . 
  there are various mechanisms of ensuring against asymmetric shocks , which is what is at issue in determining what does constitute such an area , some of which are fiscal , and none need be in form of permanent redistribution . 
  most of the aspects relate to having a truly unified market , rather than any fiscal considerations . 
  labor mobility is one - and on this measure , even within european states , it is much lower than in say the us or australia . 
  and truly miniscule on the eu level . 
  the rest of the four freedoms - freedom of movement of goods , services and capital - are a key for synchronizing the business cycle and distributing the effects of shocks so that monetary policy is made effective . 
  these are all areas squarely in the eu-wide competencies already , but there is much to be done further . 
  after some steps in the single market act reforms couple of years ago , now it seems the digital and energy markets are on the agenda in this area . 
  in terms of labor mobility , easier recognition of professional qualifications is in progress . 
  now regarding fiscal transfers , what is needed here are counter cyclical transfers , rather than redistribution . 
  welfare state and its levels of protection are not of economic interest from the point of view of a functioning monetary area . 
  one mechanism that countries like the usa have in this space , are unemployment benefits . 
  short-term unemployment is a very quick indicator that follows the business cycle closely and transparently , and generally does not create permanent transfers across states , ( plus it can be explicitly cleared to zero out over some years ) . 
  requires little to no harmonization of existing social security legislation if modest , below levels of any member state , and topped up by existing member state mechanisms , which is quite sufficient for the desired effect , yet it is an automatic stabilizer , giving a substantial stimulus to a faltering economy quickly , when giving a stimulus is the cheapest . 
  and with an option to extend the benefits by a political decision , can provide a mechanism for additional consensual stimulation of a country hit really hard . 
  of course , if we had even just the instruments we have now before the crisis , perhaps even the shock of that magnitude would not have required anything more to be overcome ; restructuring the banking sector would not have taxed the state budgets to the extent it did , there would be less fear of the obligations implied by this practice creating a contagion , the deficit level fraud would not have gone unnoticed and hence be such a shock , by the eurostat , a clear framework for supplying aid to other states would be known , even debt restructuring could be done in an orderly fashion thanks to collective action clauses etc etc. 
   both sides want to fuck up ukraine to gain shit . 
  yes , well , its quite a prize , is n't it ? 
  i do find western tactics in gaining advantage there far more acceptable though . 
  ostensibly based on the principle of popular self-determination and with the aim of free trade and judicial , democratic , human rights standards . 
  but even as to the probable shadowy practices , there 's quite a disproportion between some possible ( undemonstrated ) shady involvement in instigating a popular revolution against an oppressive regime , quickly legitimated by new elections - pressures like massive paralyzing popular protests are legal in a democracy anyhow , and may legitimately end up overthrowing the government - and just bluntly violating the territorial integrity of a neighboring state , whose borders one already recognized , and moreover tramping all over the budapest memorandum , in disregard for international law , further , supporting and fairly transparently supplying paramilitary troops with no un or international legitimacy , etc. 
  political rivalry over the economical and political interests in ukraine would have been fairly normal . 
  but this is simply the behavior of an enemy state , and a new cold war seems a given now , in that any room for mutual trust necessary for cooperation has been obliterated by the naked opportunism and lack of any legal restraint in russia 's behavior . 
  they do n't expect the need for a full-fledged fiscal federalism . 
  some emergency capacity , some counter-cyclical fiscal capacity yeah , but big , broad stimulus spending - not something they wanted to raise to the federal level . 
  your point still stands - on things like tax harmonization , banking union , etc - these were politically difficult matters , they considered such solutions from the start , but they were left for the future in the end . 
  they decided to forge ahead with what they did manage to agree on instead of waiting for a more comprehensive deal . 
  possibly could have worked too if the history did n't unfold as it did , and if they did n't get hit by the worst postwar recession in the same decade ; and for eg , some of the political obstacles i mentioned were agreed on by ms already by 2004 , but fell through on referendums . 
  its a dubious tactic , but a frequent one - the functionalist premise is that integration drives further integration , that it always progresses piece by piece , not necessarily in big coherent packages - so it makes sense to go with what you 've got rather than delay too long . 
  and yeah , we 're still not really there , though i found it amazing how much happened after all , when pressed with the dire need of the crisis . 
  so in a painful way vindicating the functionalist premise .
