  also unemployment benefits contributions , being a very effective automatic counter-cyclical stabilizer , something sorely lacking in the monetary union . 
  unlike say health or pension or generic social security & welfare plans , which i do n't see why they 'd have a place on the federal level . 
  they can be sufficiently harmonized even without having a federal tax being applied to them and put into a federal budget - rates can be coordinated or capped in various ways , or gains can be redistributed to the states . 
  i think it would still be sensible for the federal level to finance itself precisely through such taxation that naturally occurs on its level , and where it is applied to services to which it most directly contributed in unifying - but its nevertheless a secondary concern . 
  common tax base calculation is more important , and it makes actual differences in tax rates transparent . 
  as to the tax rates themselves , these can be national , or national plus a `` federal '' floor , or national within a corridor around a mean rate - a `` snake '' , like the old monetary snake . 
  the latter was recently notably suggested by the french . 
  also a similar mechanism for a minimal wage . 
  there is a federal corporate tax in the usa . 
  which by implication means they do have a single accounting system for determining it - a common corporate tax base . 
  i think ireland is a vocal opponent of creating a common corporate tax base in the eu , though it might eventually happen as an enhanced cooperation , introducing an optional extra regime corporations can choose to use instead of the domicile one , at least . 
  having a single accounting system wherever you do business in the eu is an obvious gain for a european corporation , and having consistent way of presenting corporate taxation makes actual rate differences between states more transparent . 
  france recently voiced the notion of creating a `` snake '' mechanism for the corporate tax rates , this is in analogy to the monetary regime pre-emu , where everyone can set their own rate , but within a corridor over the commonly-calculated mean . 
  an older proposal is a `` federal '' corporate tax as an eu own resource , though with the eu obligation of running a balanced budget , and the volatility of corporate income ( i think that 's the argument at least ) , this might not be the most practical choice . 
  vetoing fiscal pact being made as a treaty change , in a moment of dire need , and that does n't even cover the uk , in order to attempt to force concessions on financial regulation comes to mind , as a recent and truly despicable act of the uk . 
  ofc rebate is another . 
  highly divisive , number of countries asked for a rebate on paying the rebate etc. 
  and now the juncker anti-campaign ofc . 
  edit : well the poster above said he did n't understand the hostility to uk 's relationship with the eu , thinking it did nothing significant . 
  i tried to give some concrete examples that irked many in uk 's relationship with the eu , hoping that would shed some light on our differing perspectives here . 
  practically answering an implicit question here . 
  is that not contributing to the discussion ? 
  a ping a day makes the wolves go away . 
  and is some particular directive actually preventing him from taking effective action against claimed abuses of the welfare system ? 
  what measures was he contemplating anyhow ? 
  seems germany are happy to work on the matter ( or placate the voters believing there is any significant problem ) within the framework of existing eu law . 
   if the bent of governance becomes unnaceptable then the single market ceases to weigh on the positive side of the balance sheet , viz our relations with the eu . 
  that does not change the fact ... yes , yes it does change the facts . 
  the issue is not an abstract ideal of having some kind of a single market , i 'm only discussing the actual , existing single market with actual existing states , and its rules . 
  obviously it can not be setup in a way that says majority rules but the uk has a veto lest a majority forms at any point that pushes through laws unfavorable to it . 
  either the uk is interested in participating in a single market with the rest of the eu , in which case it will be laws that the supermajority of the eu members wants that will apply to the uk , shitty compromises and all , or it deems the lawmaking course of the rest of the continent fundamentally incompatible with how it wants to run things , and so having a single market is in practice impossible . 
  renegotiating its status ca n't really help if latter is the case . 
  i presumed it simply wants optouts from even more competencies , though i could hardly see which . 
  if its just particular laws it wants to review and not as its advertised its relationship with the eu ie constitutional/treaty matters , well great , then this really is just a window-dressing exercise . 
  i do n't see why certain directives , whichever these may be , could n't be put on the legislative agenda . 
  then its a matter for the uk to find support in the council , commission and parliament , working under community method and qmv for the most part , for its desires to be taken into further account . 
  nor was this ever difficult for the uk to seek , to deserve a name of `` renegotiation '' . 
  prob it had more of a problem actually convincing its partners and the parliament ( not the comission for the last decade at least prob , that one was incredibly weak ) of its positions . 
  ofc difficult to see how majorities could have substantially changed on matters recently decided upon , like financial regulation . 
  though that process takes substantial time , they better hurry up . 
  as i pointed out , both of those are the single market . 
   they do object to bringing in finacial regulation as a qmv issue likewise , as with the germans they object to benefit tourism , not free movement of labour what is that supposed to mean in terms of competencies ? 
  benefit tourism has nothing to do with eu competencies . 
  huh , so you think they might push for reverting the voting system over sections of single market regulation back to unanimity . 
  requires treaty revision - what do you mean by `` bringing in '' ? 
  no treaty revision is planned , and any change of unanimity voting to majority under this treaty requires unanimity . 
  for going back it would take full simplified revision , with ratifications in all countries . 
  hope its rejected , for with eu28 , unanimity is unworkable in really any core eu competency . 
  also seems unlikely given the financial crisis ; eu wants to ensure tight regulation of that sector , and power to enforce this effectively . 
  oh , no - that 's exactly what i think . 
  even an accommodating europe that merely is n't ready to totally bend over backwards to keep the uk would be pressed to find something major to do here , i think . 
  few countries might have that interest - maybe germany , netherlands , and given the past - especially that veto over the fiscal pact - even that seems questionable . 
  i 'm pretty sure france would n't be prepared for any major concessions , like something on financial contributions or punching any major holes in the single market . 
  looks to me like there is n't much for him to renegotiate in the first place . 
  uk has pretty much opted out of anything that could conceivably be given to opt outs already . 
  afaik , if it participates in anything beyond the single market and cafp , it does so on an opt-in basis or with veto . 
  there 's precedent for single market states to be exempt from cap and fisheries , so i can see that happening , but prob at the price of the rebate , which should roughly even most of the fiscal gains out . 
  now , if the uk veto were on the negotiating table , i could actually see some interesting deal being possible . 
  but that starts to barely count as membership anymore . 
  if they were independent , we 'd prob accept any partial comprehensive free trade deal they care to make ; its still in everyone 's interest to liberalize trade to the extent its liberalizable . 
  but if that 's the deal to be made , what is the gain in them keeping any voting privileges over how eu proper functions ? 
  at the very least , no veto over anything , even treaty change , as long as they 're not made to transfer further competencies . 
  well , uk gov did n't particularly like financial market regulation for eg . 
  that 's a single market competency , over free movement of capital . 
  anyhow , not sure what else is there , and that uk is n't already either exempt from or with veto over , so that it could have something big to demonstrate to the electorate as having gotten renegotiated ... only cafp , if that 's big enough a deal . 
  but what would justify the rebate if its exempted from that ? 
  uk used to link the two - rebate for a reduction of cap . 
  and the rhetoric over free movement of labor did n't seem particularly positive either . 
  that 's a single market competency too . 
  i 'm at a loss to see what could even be given . 
  current exemptions are controversial as is ; eg most net contributors limited their max contributions to the rebate . 
  would be quite a turnaround for them to take even more of it then . 
  only cyprus , italy , denmark , finland , ireland and france have n't . 
  these are either tiny , or in financial trouble . 
  i guess france could take more of it , a country with a majority favoring uk exit ... foreign & defense is voluntary , as is effectively justice , since they participate on an opt-in system . 
  and the uk has nothing to do with the emu either . 
  and single market is prob ( or i hope ) largely nonnegotiable and a package deal . 
  any attempts to renegotiate labor movement in particular by the swiss were simply dismissed , which will hopefully be the response here as well . 
  cutting red tape within the directives and regulations created under existing competencies is likely to happen anyhow , but this is no change of the uks status as such . 
  could that possibly be enough ? 
  possibly cap and cfp exemptions of some kind are possible ; norway , iceland have both ( and these are also the only exemptions from the single market known ) , but that does n't seem much either . 
  and if anything significant in the uk-eu relationship changes , its often misused vetos could easily become an issue . 
  would be interesting if the result of the negotiations were a creation of some semi-formal associate membership status . 
  one that could work for other eea countries and micronations as well . 
   it is unconstitutional if catalonia is physically able to secede , and the only thing spain can do to preserve its constitution is basically war , or large-scale repression , then what constitution says will be the least important matter . 
  the only thing that will matter then is - who wins . 
  but but , were is the eu supposed to launch its space things from , if it loses french guiana ? 
  its practically right on the equator like this !, 
  obviously some european country would need to go and recolonize it immediately were it to become independent , for the good of the union :d, 
  the result , if it manages to happen at all , is a foregone conclusion ? 
  if so , what happens next , unilateral secession ? 
  nah , a bombing campaign sure seems desirable . 
  plus the fact these governments are so weak has a little bit to do with allied actions , so `` coalition of the willing '' states are kinda responsible to clean up some more shit after themselves there . 
  though there really is no reason not to seek a unsc mandate first . 
  when they were conquering iraq ? 
  they 're still attempting to conquer iraq . 
  seems fairly contained to me . 
  but yeah some military aid to this clusterfuck seems needed . 
  only why not seek un mandate ? 
  would it be blocked by anyone ?
