  it also says `` because of these and other difficulties , the financing plan for greece now faces a large shortfall of $ 11.1 billion by 2015 . '' . 
  so sounded like short-to-medium term potential problems , but not so much for this year specifically . 
  anyhow , i presume any guess about this year is premature , until the tourist season subsides and is accounted for . 
  the numbers they give do n't actually look bad at all http://www.spiegel.de/fotostrecke/graphic-gallery-the-euro-crisis-refuses-to-let-go-fotostrecke-98717-5.html deficit down to just 3.8 % , at a lesser cost to growth than up to now , and with a severe adjustment of real labor costs . 
  now to wonder that the total mass of the debt is n't already coming down - well the ec projections never even expected this . 
  and nothing substantial , numeric is offered in the article , simply talk of inefficient government system and slowness of reforming it . 
  no shit . 
  so , :  six austerity programs later , the deficit is expected to decline to about 4 percent for this year . 
  greece 's euro partners attribute this success to the efforts of conservative prime minister antonis samaras . 
  `` the current government is finally strongly committed to bringing order to the state , '' says panos carvounis , a representative of the european commission in athens . 
  `` things are moving . '', 
  ...  the country finally has a complete picture of its revenues and expenditures , and samaras has made progress with reforms of the healthcare system . 
  the labor market has also been radically reformed . 
  greece 's costly multi-employer collective bargaining agreements are now history , and the rules governing settlement payments to laid-off workers are no longer as stringent as they used to be . 
   this spring , because of these successes , ~ ~ it seemed ~ ~ that the country was out of the woods . 
  unit labor costs , seen as an indicator of a country 's competitiveness , had declined by 10 percent compared to 2007 , thanks to the easing of labor market regulations . 
   during a visit to beijing , samaras ~ ~ overconfidently ~ ~ touted what he called his `` greek success story . '', 
  and what is given as counterpoint to these structural indicators ? 
   but what outsiders see as successful reforms come at the expense of ordinary greeks . 
  again , no shit . 
  this article reads a bit like : `` although sea water seemed wet , it does n't contain any alcohol '' . 
  obvious and beside the point . 
  as in how much net contribution does it give to it ? 
  well , for last year , http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/headlines/content/20111107mun30717/html/eu-budget-at-glance 11 273.4 m $ contribution , of which 6 570 m $ is spent on uk , for a 4 703.4 m $ net contribution , with a budget being 129 394.9 m $ . 
  in other words , uk 's net contribution is 3.66 % of the eu budget . 
  so it would be a negligible in comparison to the more difficult matter of actually being able to use the allocated cohesion funds . 
  which can vary from bit over 70 % in case of estonia , to being just 26.2 % in case of bulgaria . 
  either way , even in estonia 's case , that 's a far greater margin to optimize for , than the rounding error that 's 3.66 % http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/thefunds/funding/index_en.cfm i was speaking of the eu budget 's share in the combined gdp of the eu , which is 12\u00a0899\u00a0149 m $ in 2012 , so actually almost exactly 1 % of the gdp ( i was a bit off there , admittedly , its not less than 1 % , but 1.003 % , bit more ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_european_union, 
   what is left for us but to leave when even croatia has no ** respect for us ** ? 
  wow , i must have forgot to bow deeply enough to the grand colonial masters ... we 're family now , so we 're supposed to be bickering about little things , not showing each other respect :-d anyhow i have a feeling the uk has spent most of whatever respect its foreign policy had during the current government ; i 'd be happy to see it leave , in the interest of the union . 
   of course , that 's bad news for you because if we leave so do a big chunk of your handouts . 
  oh i doubt you can threaten the cohesion budget more than we can fail to use what 's available . 
  its not much of a budget anyhow , less than 1 % of total gdp , with a significant portion going to the french version of the british rebate ( their portion of cap ) ( i do n't mean to be particularly antagonistic here ; i 'm hopefully following the gay marriage issue going through your parliament and the house of lords , envious , but i do despise uk 's stance on the eu , generally and in particularly from your current gov. ), 
  abuse ? 
  it 's `` use '' ; we did enter for the common market , most prominently ... 
  i do expect to have equal rights in that respect to any other eu citizen , yes on the first day too . 
  but sure in this case , doubt they 're doing anything wrong ( where they ship is prob only their decision , and will correct this in due time anyhow ) , yet . . 
  anyhow , second thoughts of a uk citizen do n't count for much anymore :d only shengen and eurozone left to enter , uk being a part of neither :p, 
  according to amazon.co.uk , we still are n't ( 27 still ) . 
  ~ ~ are they breaking the law by not shipping electronics to croatia yet ? ~ ~ edit : prob not , other things are uk only . 
  asked in chat , they have no idea when but it should get updated . . 
  for the most part , they are a member , just w/o a vote ( being in the eea i mean ), 
  an oddly pessimistic piece . 
  our debt is below maastricht criteria , something germany ca n't say , and our public spending has been severely curtailed , keeping the budget fairly stable . 
  with a gdp closer to eu average than some current members . 
  tourist season looks promising , further spending cuts , which were pulling our economy downwards last year , are n't expected to be needed , and yes we get access to cohesion funds . 
  like every other eastern eu state . 
  no other kind of subsidies are possible , and i 'm not sure why they 'd be needed , but the eu budget set precisely so that regions with a gdp below average can accelerate their convergence . 
  and sure , we 're below average , again like most eastern eu states . 
  hopefully some of the structural unemployment can be lowered by emigration - more optimal labor markets in precisely this manner are the whole point of the free movement of labor . 
  that 's not a tragedy , that 's what a common labor market is for . 
  i would expect our economy to follow the trends in the neighborhood and eu as a whole . 
   polls show that only 39 percent welcome the accession to the eu , hm , and the one poll that mattered , only a year ago - the referendum , gave a two-thirds majority for accession . 
  take this with a grain of salt then . 
   even more important to croatians than sewage plants is the funding for a bridge over the adriatic sea . 
  ... because it will be some time before bosnia becomes an eu member , goods and people must now cross the eu external border twice some solution is important sure , but a bridge specifically - an expensive , grandiose project ( only ppl i 've seen actually rooting for it either live there or were politicians of the previous government , there to show themselves when some grandiose construction is to begin . 
  not sure anyone bought it ) , but yes , it can work . 
  other possibilities are feasible too http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pelje%c5%a1ac_bridge   at the same time , plans were made to use the bridge construction sites as new ferry docking sites . 
  [ 22 ] [ 23 ] there 's an ongoing discussion regarding how the cost and speed of the ferry solution would compare to that of the cancelled bridge , with the minister of maritime affairs , transport and infrastructure claiming the ferrying would be less expensive and reasonably fast , as well as complete by 1 june 2013 , ...   the study will take into account not only the bridge , but also the road corridor through the hinterland of neum . 
  yes it can propose a law . . but to the comission . 
  yeah that should change, 
  just because its not the info you want to check does n't make it meaningless . 
  unemployment rate - ie the mass of people in active search of employment reflects the business cycle closely , and the clearing of the labor markets , much better than employment rate . 
  i 'm thinking berlin . 
  need to flee this adriatic small town shithole asap , and know a few friends there . 
  incredible level of misinformation - but here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suicide_legislation  in the united states , suicide is not illegal and no country in europe currently considers attempted suicide to be a crime . 
  suicide itself was removed from the criminal code of canada in 1972 by the parliament of canada based on the argument that a legal deterrent was unnecessary ... 
  in india , attempted suicide was an offense punishable under section 309 of the indian penal code ... 
  section 309 was repealed in december 2014 . 
  as of 2012 , attempted suicide is a criminal offense in uganda . 
  [ 16 ] as of 2013 , attempted suicide is criminalized in ghana . 
   dude , you started this . 
  you said that you 'd not participate in war cause you do n't want to become a murderer . 
  this semantic pedantry is not worth debating . 
  yeah , pointless killing of stupid kids who 're going to be dead anyhow marginally after you and everyone you know dies is unjustified , and hence i called it murder ( = = unjustified killing ) . 
  point was - i ai n't gon na do it because its against my worldview/beliefs . 
  suicide otoh is n't . 
  and no that 's not a generic comment on participating in warfare ( though it could be - a pacifist would be a person believing pretty much that any warfare is morally unjustified , and hence equivalent to murder . 
  i do n't share such a conviction , but just to note that too is a possible worldview ) , but on the apocaliptic conditions of the scenario invisioned . .  why all secular and non-secular states would power their legislatives in that case if it 's true ? 
  that 's not even a sentence . 
  if you want to argue suicide is illegal in some sane point of this planet , provide sources to do so . 
   i do . 
  i think these days wwiii is much more possible then during cold war . 
  so its not an argument you 're giving , but simply stating your conviction . 
  so fine , so you go on believing whatever you want . 
  op asked what we 'd do in such a scenario - what you would believe or do , merely stated , has no bearing on my response on what i 'd do or believe . 
  plz source your claim that suicide is normally called murder to a respectable dictionary . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder not that it makes the slightest bit of difference to my point , but if you want to be a pedant , do it right at least . 
  normally murder is defined as killing of another without valid justification . 
  clearly in my calling the killing of others in war an act of murder , a judement that this state of war is a poor justification for such killing in such circumstances was implicit . 
  but you wo n't find it defined in a way compatible with calling suicide murder , since i guess around the 18ct at least ... . 
  anyhow , suicide is just exercising your freedom to do whatever you will with your body . 
  a victimless act , both legal and legitimate choice to undertake whenever it suits your whim , in principle . 
  the killing of the poor solders rather intent on not dying is a rather distastefull , agressive affair , not consensual nor a mere matter of personal freedom . 
  call it murder if you will , the relevant point is that i find the former perfectly acceptible and is something i 'd do given sufficiently desperate circumstances . 
  the latter , i 'd avoid to a rather greater extent . 
  i manage to think that , were a world war 3 to break out , we 'd first have to be in a state far worse than even at the height of the cold war . 
  in other words , i just granted the op 's extreme premise . 
  i certainly do n't remotely think of it as a realistic possibility . 
   so you 'll think that leaders are blind and just do what their policy said ?
