   we needed this 1-2 years ago to avoid such hard austerity measures in those countries well , it would have helped but depending on who you ask , monetary policy near the zero lower bound , where it has continued to hang for that period , is possibly not that effective , and an actual fiscal stimulus was needed to really avoid the harshness of the downturn . 
   but only when germany started getting in trouble , does the ecb start pondering qe more seriously . 
  oh , no - ecb does not have a dual mandate . 
  it can support policies in other countries , but need n't - and likely would n't even care to support member states still practicing what it judges to be unsound economic policies also , certainly to justify aggressive unconventional monetary expansion ( attached to the political minefield of buying up substantial amounts of member state debts ) , they need a primary mission , which is to say inflation-related , reason . 
  only as the eurozone slipped towards deflation do they have any reason to contemplate qe seriously . 
  and even then , there is little reason to do any of it this year , since the measures already committed to , that is new rounds of ltro , have yet to even start , and wo n't end till the end of the year . 
  and after that , they 'd rather do a limited , abs , possibly and corporate bond qe , rather than immediately going for an all out qe that other advanced economies are already doing . 
  ecb is perfectly within its mandate to simply say - screw your economical downturn , not our problem . 
  and everyone knew that when signing up - its clearly spelled out . 
  ecb was set up as a hard currency guard , modeled its mandate on bundesbank . 
  which was a condition for germany participating at all . 
  south is used to far more pliable central banks . 
  well , it wo n't get them anymore . 
  well , there is a notion of the optimum currency area , and nobody was under any dellusion that the eurozone was fully such an area when the euro was introduced ( though it did have elements thereof ) they hoped to create it over time , with the single currency itself driving much of the integration . 
  it did to an extent . 
  but the unification progress has been stalled for a much longer time than expected , during and after the constitutional process ; the financial markets integration , which worked lovely , turned out to be a liability at least as much as a tool for managing the divergencies ; voting system clumbersome for the newly expanded size of the council remained to this day and the planned one still is n't in effect , stalling and watering down legislative action striving towards such further economic and judicial integration - and the downturn was exceedingly severe and exceedingly shocking/panic-inducing with the announcement of the real and up to then hidden extent of the greek budgetary hole , and happened fairly early in the history of the currency , so that hope fell apart in a perfect storm . 
   as soon as it is accepted . 
  like that 's going to happen in dozens of years yet . 
  they do n't even recognize a member state 's borders ffs , and all need to approve . .  because eu ca n't do shit , they lack balls . 
  and will continue to lack them i hope . 
  because :  it is far more easy to sit on warm ass yup , yes it definitely is . 
  cheaper too . 
   do something against genocide in iraq . 
  riiight , since making the world a better place by unilaterally invading countries worked so well the last time around ... creating global consent for a mission of wide participation might not be as snappy a response to an ongoing crisis , but it is the only politically acceptable norm , given that nato has no legitimacy for enforcing global peace , which was obviously the achilles heel both at home and abroad in the iraq invasion , as well as the difficulty of maintaining the necessary commitment of resources , when dependent on one country , even if its the us - and another failure on the same spot would surely be a much greater waste of time and lives . 
  in this case , and this time around , festina lente !, 
  good stance i would think . 
  not our problem yet , militarily . 
  regional rather than a global threat currently , with plenty of local enemies to contend with . 
  why not wait for things to either become an actual military threat to something we both care and have any legitimacy doing anything about ( eg . 
  an ally ) , other than oil that is , or for a security council authorization , so we practice what we preach for a change re respect for international law ? 
  or at least a uniting for peace resolution if that is vetoed and buried . 
  that way we can build a consensus european position rather than fracturing over support to the us like the last time around . 
  us might have a guiltier conscience over this mess , i agree , plus they are of far more use as military aid to kurds than europe could be . 
  probably of no great practical importance , sure . 
  the more important matter here is the rule of law and the strength of minority protections in croatian courts and administration generally here - for if this can fall , they all start looking flimsy . 
  its an administrative right the croatian state gives to its minorities . 
  some countries do n't and that would have been fine in principle too , if that were the case . 
  there was no new law granting this right to serbian population - its the existing , old law that already granted it to all minorities . 
  never any issues with italians having it in various places , having it for many years . 
  all that happened was a new census , and on this census , they crossed the already established quota in some places . 
  and so , the quota should be raised lest serbs might qualify too ? 
  and this is to get decided by a plebiscite ? 
  dangerous . 
  or even , due to the fact that it does n't contribute to creating a more tolerant community , which is what the whole purpose of the act to be amended is . 
  pretty much exactly what happened . 
  human rights court to rule against a constitutional court preventing a referendum to restrict minority rights ? 
  unimaginable really . 
  and what could be a sufficiently plausible basis for it , i ca n't really see . 
  as to such a referendum breaking laws , i 'm just reading the explanation of the decision . 
  certainly the constitutional court has a bunch of language on minority protection in the constitution to reach such an interpretation , as well as legal authority to do so . 
  http://sljeme.usud.hr/usud/praksaw.nsf/94b579567876f9fcc1256965002d1bf4/00df3d904c3ca481c1257d320052c3f2/$file/u-viir-4640-2014.pdf interesting . 
  so for one , the question as put aims to change a part of a constitutional law ( is that the same as framework law ? ) . 
  for one , the constitutional court establishes that despite its name , this is a law , not the constitution itself , so it deems itself to have jurisdiction to judge its compatibility with the constitution . 
  then after claiming the change to be ill-formed on some technicality ( civil service and the judiciary are not administrative units of croatia , which is the context of the article they wish to amend ) anyhow and so would require some interpretation rather than just a transcription , it still takes on the key question , of whether it is constitutional to raise the bar from third to half of the population on the census using a minority language , needed to qualify for using the minority language in that local administration as well . 
  for one , the constitution does not define what the threshold need be , and it was indeed higher in the past . 
  what they do instead is give a broad interpretation of the textual intent in entrenching minority rights in the constitution , as follows - interesting for this interpretation is probably a stable fixture of our constitution now : the explanation recalls the context of the constitution , which expresses the intent of creating a democratic , pluralist , tolerant society , one of rule of law and protection of human rights , which they say implies an obligation on the majority not to abuse the dominance of its position , and requires seeking balance and compromise instead . 
  art 15 . establishes the free use of minority language as central to minority identity and names this liberty the essence of identity of all peoples , and as universal . 
  pretty strong protection of that one at least . 
  now , art 12 par 2 is taken to be the other side of that same coin ; it allows for a positive obligation , a public expression of the importance given to language and script in the croatian constitution . 
  possibly a bit creative , but interesting . 
  sounds to me like it protects both individual freedom and a collective right , as fundamental - central even - minority rights . 
  nice . 
  so while raising the threshold need not be forbidden as such , solid grounds , based only on the values of a democratic society , rule of law and protection of human rights are necessary for such an act to be compatible with these minority rights constitution protects . 
  now that it has established minority rights are in question , and moreover these are established as central , and consequently the bar for imposing limits on their exercise is high , it is to predictably argue that this referendum can not meet such criteria . 
  the act would hit all minorities ( and surely if that was n't the case it would be a blatant discrimination ) , these are established as themselves constituting the croatian state already in the preamble to the constitution , the goal of such a broad change need have a clear public interest and be proportionate to the legitimate goal it aims to achieve , for such kind of changes , generally speaking at least , i presume , could imply the ending of current obligations administrative units already have in ensuring the use of minority script and languages . 
  in other words , they say , though these seem even stronger words to me , there needs to exist a dire national need to raise the threshold for this to be admissible . 
  quite strong . 
  there have been no relevant changes on the national level in the croatian society in the last 14 years to indicate that the current threshold became inappropriate or inapplicable and that such a correction must be made . 
  that seems to be the jist of it . 
  they continue to evaluate arguments made for the referendum . 
  interesting tidbit , it reject the argument that this change would n't damage existing minority rights ( like italian rights in istria ) for they qualify for the higher quota as well , as ill-argued anyhow , by noting that the constitutional requirement is not whether some minorities would be unharmed , but rather , how would it contribute to and enhance their rights !, 
  also , it confirms that the notion the organizators of the referendum posited , that the cyrillic script in vukovar is perceived as a symbol of suffering , is deeply unsettling , since it attacks ( ? attacks ? ), 
  the role of language as being a universal civilizational heritage defining the very identity of the croatian state . 
  funny given how precarious the notion of even having a distinctly croatian language is . 
  so , this is rejected not because the new number would necessarily be wrong , nor because it would be lower and rights should n't go backwards or something , but because it is not objectively justifiable for there is no legitimate goal , rational basis nor dire societal need for changing it !, 
  -- anyhow , i 'm glad such high a bar was set by the court in its protection of linguistic minority rights , as well as the centrality it seems to give to protecting them . 
  it will no doubt influence future rulings on those articles in the constitution in croatia . 
  i mostly agree - but i could see it being permanently or long term a fairly loose form of federalism . 
  like in the `` fundamental law of the european union '' treaty revision proposal , definitely federalist and prob sufficient , where they still keep the concept of it being `` a constitutional union in which different levels of democratic government are coordinate , not subordinate '', 
  right . 
  i see , thx for the clarification . 
  maybe its about this then : http://www.coe.int/t/dg3/familypolicy/source/4_1_ii%20legislation%20on%20cohabitation.pdf `` chapter xv of lithuanian cc ( art . 
  3.229 - 3.235 ) adopted in 2000 , regulates legal aspects of common property of persons who are living together without registered matrimony , if they relations are regulated by the law on cohabitation . 
  unfortunately , till 2009 there is no special law which regulates such relations . '', 
  that sounds similar to the unregistered cohabitation by which also gay couples had some truly minimal rights - but at least some form of recognition - before the new law in croatia . 
  to a very mild extent . 
  both the luxemburg and perhaps even to a greater extent , the strasbourg court ( unrelated to eu ) have been giving a series of rulings nudging the state of gay rights forward bit by bit . 
  but neither considers the state of legal traditions of various countries in the area , especially in family law , to be so coherent to push for the big decisions , like marriage , on the continental level , and by court ruling , that is to say , without a democratic decision of the local electorates . 
  these courts simply do n't have the authority comparable to what a true federal supreme court would have . 
  european equivalent of roe v. wade , called a , b and c v ireland , had the opposite conclusion than in the us for eg , concluding that `` article 8 can not ... be interpreted as conferring a right to abortion '' it can do a bit as i said . 
  i 've already mentioned in this discussion , since i expect it to be just the kind of drama the latvian poster below is describing , that lithuania might find itself in conflict with the court of human rights soon , unless it opens registered partnerships it has for straight people to gay people as well , in a couple of years . 
  edit : unregistered cohabitation apparently , and not yet fully regulated even for straight couples - got corrected by a lithuanian poster on this ... 
  wonder what the reaction in lithuania will be then , since in that case , the council of europe actually has a lever to push them into creating registered partnerships for gay couples - same grounds as in the case of greece . 
  edit : or not - the law does n't seem to be implemented yet even for straight couples , a lithuanian poster informs me , so i guess this point is moot ... 
  hm , but you 've got a form of non-marriage registered partnership for heterosexuals , right ? 
  according to a recent ruling by the strasbourg court against greece , having such an institution yet not opening it to same-sex couples is in fact illegal . 
  http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2013/11/07/european-court-of-justice-rules-against-greeces-ban-on-gay-civil-unions/ sooo , wonder when the legal challenges against this not being allowed in lithuania will start ... 
  epp will be the most interesting . 
  they did promise a candidate , but merkel would rather not , allegedly . 
  but if they do n't , as the strongest party , seems to me that defeats the entire story of having actual adversarial elections to bolster legitimacy and participation .
