  raising the % of loans given i think . 
  idk can they really offer guarantees to these loans with eu instruments ? 
  they did basically pawn the eu budget for the initial bailout to ireland and portugal , so i guess giving guarantees itself is doable . 
  but its already being done , and the limit set at the time was 60beur . 
  hard to see that being leveraged further . 
  esm though ... but that sounds like a hard political battle ; its not under the juristidction of the comission . 
  i 'm thinking a focus on leveraging eu and eib/eif money , possibly with participation of governments with some fiscal room and desire , to private funds to achieve new investments , plus some exercise on finding unused eu funds , dropping conditions for their use , frontloading etc. 
  now how is that supposed to create 300b without fiscal loosening ? 
  much more eib capital to leverage with i guess , but some write eib is not that enthusiastic about the scale of operations increasingly demanded of it . 
  idk that should n't be all there is in the arsenal , i 'm just not seeing it . 
  for one , i fail to see what new is even being said here ? 
  the `` 300beur plan '' thing has been announced for months now , katainen is supposed to give the details , eventually . 
  most are skeptical much of it will actually be new spending . 
   so this is n't even eu funds , for the most part . 
  who is this money going to come from , and what is in it for them ? 
  well that part really does n't matter . 
  point is the size of the overall demand stimulus , its perfectly fine whoever takes it . 
  as to how its to be profitable , if it is n't profitable to the private sector now - eib is pretty much specialized in doing things like this . 
  various instruments can achieve this , but boils down to the public sector taking part off of the risk of the investment , or the initial risky say r&d expenses , etc , so the project is more attractive to the private investor . 
  for eg , project bonds and mezzanine loans are forms of this . 
  if they can mobilise 300beuros that would n't be invested or spent otherwise , it achieves the same economic goals regardless of the private/public makeup of it . 
  but most likely the devil hides in that `` otherwise '' - danger is much of this will be recycled funds - money that would have been spent anyhow . 
   there is no way in hell that the eu can criminalize or decriminalize cannabis or something that comes even near one of those two terms . 
  that is just not how it works . 
  the conflict rule you are talking about therefore will never apply under the current treaty , because there are no provisions for the type of policy that you are describing . 
  this is the part i do n't understand - since that 's how i understood the matter of eu competencies over this domain too . 
  but , what exactly does this initiative hope to accomplish ? 
  what is this '' common policy on the control and regulation of cannabis production , use and sale '' supposed to consist of exactly ? 
  oh , and a practical matter ; i 'm not sure if i signed it or not already . 
  can i sign twice without any harm , or can i check or will it warn me in the process ? 
  makes perfect geographic sense ; still i did n't know there were so many turks in bulgaria . 
  so is it malware , security incidents or cyber threats that they fear from reddit ? 
  seems odd . 
   somebody please shut this guy up we did - he 's out of his job in what , a few months ? 
  days ? 
  not sure exactly but quite soon . 
  well he went to university in zagreb and across austria-hungary , getting a phd in graz . 
  wrote his most famous works in belgrade where he lived for decades and where he died . 
  all three literatures often claim him as `` theirs '' . 
  wrote both in ijekavian and in ekavian , exclusively latter in his mature works . 
  declared himself as croat in 1914 . 
  declared himself as serb in 1958 . 
  tough to say what 's of key importance in forming a nobel laureate . 
   there is only so much that the ecb can do . 
  responsibility of the central bank should n't be covering or fixing the mistakes of political leaders . 
  absolutely , its job is monetary policy , and monetary policy only . 
  but it certainly can raise inflation to target - inflation targeting to a low and stable number is its only job . 
  however to do so now will take some pretty agressive action . 
  though no more agressive than what the fed , bank of england or bank of japan have been doing for some years now . 
  and i think ecb will act , too bad so much time has been wasted on political heat and legal unsecurity . 
  still , it said it will start slow , pumping less than a trillion euros in the programs in the rest of this year . 
  if that 's not enough , the more agressive plan of buying up proportional amounts of all member state government debt will be left as the only other option in how to pump enough money to raise inflation . 
  but that 's certainly doable as well , and the rest of the planet has been doing so to a significantly better effect to their economies than what we 've got currently . 
  idk simply depends on how big a balance sheet will be needed to get inflation back on target . 
  even with just the programmes in the pipeline , which is excluding large scale government bonds purchases , ecb is targeting raising its balance sheet back to a size similar to what it was at the height of hte crisis . 
  and with a somewhat more agressive composition , since obviously more of it will have to be unsterilized direct purchases . 
  was supposed to have started already , but the first round depended on bank cooperation , and they were mostly disinterested in more money , prob focusing on preparing their balance sheets for the asset quality review prior to the ecb taking over their direct supervision . 
  which is another problem still lingering in the system , overleverage and voulnerabre banks have yet to be cauterized from our economy . 
  this was done at the very start of the crisis in the usa , but sady we did n't have a banking union at the time . 
  now we 're about to get it . 
  so i 'm hoping for that scenario - asset quality review marking the low point of deleveraging in healthy banks , and explicit restructuring in the rest , both solving the problem and restoring mutual confidence , and with abs and corporate bond purchases removing some debt from the balance sheets to make it easier , moving overleverage to the public sector , to be only slowly removed over the course of decades to follow , and to increase the inflation back to target directly ( expanding the monetary aggregates ) , making the second round of loans-for-loans programme more attractive as well - and with a decent public package ( 300b they say ; wonder how much of it is really new money ) leveraging eu , eib , private and national funds to scoop up some of that cash and boost some demand . 
  great , now , come on , kalmeta next , and before the parliamentary elections  you 've traced it to livakovic , that 's got ta be close . 
  and an anti-corruption unit with some teeth . 
  they 'll continue to import their [ scampi ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/global-europe/after-food-ban-russia-markets-shrimp-belarus-307858 ) then , yes ? 
   you got ta be kidding me if you do n't think russians do n't get ethnically stereotyped on this sub . 
  if i read one more post about how russians ` crave ' a ` strong leader ' on this sub i think i am going to turn straight and start voting for putin hah , i can sympathise . 
  well , its a sub of anonymous posters on the internet , so anything goes , and we 're in a period of political tension with russia , so hardly unexpected . 
  do n't let it get to you as much  cheers !, 
   ` extrapolation ' is a fancy word of ` pulling things out of your arse ' . 
  well yeah , basically ( well , its really just concluding more than one should ; not quite baselessly but definitely without sufficient basis , as your example shows ) . 
  i 'm just saying there need n't be any ethnic stereotypes in play in the process of pulling wrong stuff out of your arse . 
  just faulty thinking . 
  interesting , and thx for explaining this further . 
  but i still think an overreaction to call this bigoted , even granting it being ignorant . 
  why could n't it be say just ignorant , perhaps from erroneusly extrapolating from the quality of the rest of the navy you claim is indeed inferior ? 
  no need to be insulted ; perhaps the guy knows his subs . 
  one can have worse sub tech without being untermensch , for eg , for purely economic reasons , 
  well , it participates in the [ nordic battlegroup ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordic_battle_group ) battalion , under control of the council , frames the common defense policy of the eu since it did n't opt out of it , and has `` an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power '' in the case of armed agression on any eu state - and vice versa eu states have the same obligation towards finland ( mutual assistance clause of art . 
  42/7 teu ) this odd formulation continues '' . . in accordance with [ article 51 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chapter_vii_of_the_united_nations_charter#article_51 ) of the united nations charter '' , which reaffirms both the right to individual and collective self-defense of states - and so all means that are in its power and one is obliged to provide if necessary , explicitly includes joint defensive military action . 
  hard to claim any level of neutrality or non-alignment there . 
  admittedly since this `` shall not prejudice the specific character of the security and defence policy of certain member states . '', 
  , finland may avoid the obligation claiming neutrality - but vice versa does n't hold , and all non-neutral eu members have to aid it in case of attack . 
  pfff , [ lada ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lada#mediaviewer/file:lada_1200.jpg ), 
  gods , how ? 
  are subs really that stealthy even today for nothing to have been able to spot it sooner ? 
   maybe the xenophobes believe that poverty is genetic/contagious ? 
  hm , actually i think they do ; ie that inferior cultures or even genomes are causal for their poverty . 
  i also think they expect affluent would integrate better into the domicile culture , and more importantly are unlikely to be a burdain to the social state , or a cause of increased crime . 
  euro ? 
  yeah , like they 'll fulfill maastricht criteria any time soon even if they were to join the eu tomorrow . 
  brussels will not accept any new members in this mandate at least . 
  and that 's till 2019 . 
  and moldova is not even in the pipelline . 
  they can aim for a base on mars too . 
  i 'm rather worried about its unresolved border situation ; its far too small to matter economically , and eu is far too ungenerous to its members to burdain any of its budgets by assimilating it ( cohesion budget is unlikely to increase for it ) , plus pretty much all moldovans can take romanian citizenship and move to any eu country today anyhow . 
  on the other hand , i would like to see it firmly in the grips of an accession process , however cautios and slow , as soon as possible lest it drifts estwards . 
  plus that 's a trade agreement extra , however small . 
  that makes some sense . 
  still , i presume its the parliament that takes a majority vote on the delegation composition , rather than schultz being the one who makes the decisions , and the pro-eu majority refuses to name any efd members to significant posts ? 
  sounds like a typical cordon sanitaire by a majority grand coalition , rather than particularly underhanded if so .
