  and then what happens to that story after , if the epp is largest and in the `` ruling '' coalition , as i 'd guess is likely , yet merkel wants to support schulz ? 
  its not unknown for the junior partner to get the top spot , but it is unusual , and this is the first proper exercise of this typical parliamentarian arrangement on the eu level . 
  and the standards of the languages are even based on the same easthercegovina subdialect . 
  so yes , same language . 
  same dialect even . 
  it does n't have anything of the sort . 
  it 's got unregistered cohabitation , if you live on the same address for 3 years , granting exactly nothing for the duration of your cohabitation . 
  and granting two fairly irrelevant things in the case of separation - right of material support if you have no means whatsoever , and right to split common property unless stated otherwise by an agreement . 
  the whole law does n't occupy half a page . 
  check out the draft of the civil union that 's about to be introduced , 26 pages of it , and see the enormous difference . 
  that will be basically like marriage , except in relation to adoption ( no joint adoption , no adoption of either biological or adopted children of parents , though it will offer the option of `` skrbnistvo '' , not sure about the english term there , and adoption in case of death with no other biological parent ), 
   who needs water when your two female neighbours are married ??? 
  its even dumber than that , since gay marriage is n't a possibility now nor during this electoral cycle anyhow . 
   stopped you from genociding yourselves . 
  rofl , wow , can one be really so ignorant of croatian recent history , yet so vocal about it ? 
  yup , its a political conundrum . 
  it is doable though , the mechanisms to do much are even in the lisbon treaty . 
  unfortunately it prohibits majority decisionmaking on defense , but it does offer moving to majority decision making in foreign affairs , and also for enhanced cooperation and `` permanent structured cooperation '' in defense . 
  but this is no worse than nato , that too takes unanimity to act . 
  our interest are compatible enough for this to be perfectly credible in any situation where a country powerfull enough to require joint defense threatened the eu . 
  i think the precondition for it , like for many other things though , is finally leaving the countries that have consistently opposed further integration behind , and trying to build the political will for it in a smaller hard core of countries . 
   i hate america so much you do ? 
  too bad ; its silly to hate countries themselves . 
  i do think however we should oppose imperialism . 
   pretend europe has a military capability you think its a demilitarized zone then ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union according to wiki , combined military of europe is the second power on the planet on any measure you choose to take . 
  like i said , its just a matter of actually combining them . 
  though even individually , i do n't think there 's any actor around europe that would n't be effectively discouraged from a military action against a eu member state even by the individual military capability of a strong member state like france . 
   any croat should know this . 
  the us certainly did n't help us militarely ( maybe you mean bosnia or kosovo ? 
  ) ; if anything the international community was actively opposing our independence by imposing a military embargo , while we were unarmend and the opponent wasnt . 
  but anyhow , the lack is in decision making not in capability - there is no majority voting on foreign policy and only minimal defence integration in the continent . 
  and further :  , without america there would be n conflict , especially in europe there wouldnt ? 
  well there really is n't any military conflict in europe at the time , and inside the eu umbrella it is exceedingly unlikely . 
  likewise , between any actor outside the eu and a member state . 
  on the other hand , connections with america do expose us to middle eastern hatered , which we could otherwise avoid . 
  well , wistleblowing of illegal activities by governments and secret services should be legaly protected , so one would hope we can build legal systems strong enough so that such a person would n't need asylum in the first place . 
  anyhow , i 'd favor winding down europe 's engagement with the usa in either case ; our combined military power is even superior in the region ( its just a matter of actually combining them ) , so we do n't need the atlanticist defense shield really , and the international relationship with important players are generally amicable or could only improve from not participating in the aggressive and imperialist foreign policy of the usa - * so that * we do n't end up needing a particularly extensive defense shield . 
  and any deepening of trade relations with them , besides being in their interests at least as much as in ours ( economies being of comparable size ) , seems to also pose risks in data privacy , or might involve policy concessions i 'd rather avoid ( eg in the level of precautionary control of gmo products or possibly acta-like ip rules ) so i 'm not particularly concerned with what the us government would think - and would in fact welcome a severe rupture of relationships as much as gradual disengagement . 
  barely proportional representation you mean . 
  small constituencies and calculating the proportionality on constituency , rather than whole-parliament level , are not much better at not over-privileging the big parties . 
  just look at spain . 
  it is usually promoted precisely on economical grounds . 
  less administration , no welfare trap , cheaper labor etc, 
  what do you mean ? 
  sgp penalties were afaik never used on anyone - and the poster above seems to be referring to shroeder completely discrediting the system - this has been one of the motivations in the revised 6pack system , and why qualified majority voting has been replaced with reversed qualified majority . 
  eg : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/chancellor-gerhard-schroeder-key-in-weakening-the-euro-stability-pact-a-844458.html  the previous year , eichel had only narrowly managed to avoid a deficit warning from the european commission . 
  but it soon became apparent that the situation was not going to improve in the near future . 
  because schr\u00f6der and eichel shied away from cleaning up the budget by way of austerity , further warnings from brussels , or even monetary penalties , seemed merely a matter of time . 
    schr\u00f6der , though , found a solution . 
  if it was n't possible to adjust the government 's finances to the stability pact , then the stability pact would simply have to be adjusted to the state of german finances . 
  i think that 's a step that 'll inevitably be taken , in terms of the envelope of the budget , under cases of breach of the sgp in the mid term . 
  for eg , in case of edp , the state and the commission signing a binding contract enforceable by the court of justice , specifying measures to be ratified by codecision of the european parliament and the council , and by the national parliament , or being exposed to fines . 
  or something along these lines has been discussed about . 
  its basically making fiscal policy a shared competency . 
  combined with say tax harmonization and a countercyclical budget , and decent involvement of parliaments as above . 
  prob inevitable for a functioning single currency . 
  and you thought correct - this is the new 2pack process , where draft budgetary positions ( though not to the level of detail of the actual draft budget ) are presented to the eu even before being accepted by the national parliament - part of the `` preventive arm '' . 
  parliaments then have a second opinion on the budget their government is proposing . 
  but they ca n't do anything in case of noncompliance at that stage . 
  for eurozone countries that are under excessive deficit procedure , they can be imposed progressively sharper penalties ( interest-bearing deposit , non-interest bearing deposits , conversion to a fine , extra fines ) upon noncompliance . 
  that 's the already established albeit newish 6pack procedure . 
  though they still ca n't force them to a particular policy - though i do n't think anyone could climb out of the excessive debt fast enough for the penalties not to be prohibitive . 
  anyhow , these countries are prob breaking their own laws now , since they had to transcribe a limit to structural deficit as a constitutional amendment or framework law , under court of justice verification of that transcription , under the fiscal compact . 
  so they can be fined by the court too if that was n't done ... 
  i 'm not even sure why people here like referendums so much . 
  referendums are a blunt majoritarian instrument , giving no room for consensus building or redrafting and compromise . 
  limiting discussions and political responsibility to sensitive matters by delegating them outside the political sphere . 
  which often does n't even vote on the questions asked , but on whether it likes the current government and such . 
  all unlike representative politics . 
  their use and scope needs a well-crafted model . 
  i 'd personally like to first see steps to better functioning parliamentary bodies than this . 
  so in germany , you have closed lists filling up half the spots in the federal parliament . 
  and that 's supposedly a mire legitimate , democratic government ? 
  like hell it is ... 
  there are n't too many virtuous models of public oversight of representative democracy on this continent , yet we 'd rather not fix it and plaster some referenda over the rotten decision-making cores of our countries ... 
  in case of european decision-making , this really is just a double veto on transfer of any powers to the eu level , for it still also takes the assent of the government for any to happen . 
  that 's not simply `` more democracy '' , its a political decision , further calcifying the current less-than-well-functioning eu structures . 
  how can veto , and unanimity decision making be hailed as a democratic advance by anyone ? 
  consider how is this even supposed to work - one can build a consensus and even pass a unanimous vote in a chamber , though its not easy . 
  but there is no chance in hell any one decision will also pass 28 individual referenda ( and if in germany why not everywhere ? 
  its one thing to accomodate a constitutional quirk of some minor country like ireland , quite another to create a new political decision to that effect in the hard core of europe ) . 
  even if it enjoyed high agreement . 
  political discussions are just far too divisive for a majority not to tip the other way at least somewhere . 
  you can see that in how even constitutional referenda do n't have supermajoritarian requirements , even when the parliamentary procedure for the amendmend does - only dual simple majorities . 
  so what this effectively is - is just another name for veto . 
  a simple dual ( simple ) majority paneu referendum on revisions of eu treaties , also requiring a 3/4 ratification among the country heads and 2/3 majority in the european parliament , with the option for those countries that failed to ratify , depending on their constitutions , possibly because of the failure of the referendum , to negotiate a separate associate status with the eu - that would really be democratic imho - a strong , triple , supermajority lock on the shape of foundational treaties , whilst removing the current blackmails of the slight minorities and individual member state interests from the process ( which are really undemocratic and create additional mess on consensus-seeking ) . 
  but somehow , that 's radical federalism , and vetos and unanimity is supposedly more democratic ... 
   unless of course this is just an admission that the greens have no hope of getting the commission presidency i presume so ; normally third parties are upfront about their potential influence , and do n't need to insist on the grandiose delusion of being able to choose the top position . 
  they were promising holding direct primaries for the commission president , not sure if it 'll happen . 
  otherwise , lisbon treaty 's obligation of him/her being elected in the parliament should hold this round . 
  think that fixes most of the problems w it . 
  not quite ; they do n't have direct legislative initiative . 
  but they do have indirect initiative , much like the citizen 's initiative . 
  basically this simply gives commission the option to draft or veto a proposal . 
  later not really known to happen , and former open to amendments in the further procedure as in parliamentary process generally . 
  and the scenario is simply fictitious ; there is no parliamentary majority in conflict with the desires of the commission ; rather its merely the case of a de facto grand coalition ruling the parliament , in the boring way grand coalitions generally work . 
  views of the majority of voters who took the trouble to vote are as represented in the eu parliament , as the views of voters generally are in representative democracies , across europe ; ie . 
  not much . 
  no idea , the article simply says `` the deficit is expected to decline to about 4 percent for this year . '',
