  btw how would you translate `` izvolite '' better ? 
  i 'd go with `` what can i do for you ? '', 
  in the formal plural , only it can also be a formal `` here you go '' . 
  agreed . 
  though for such small numbers as you mention ( coffee and such ) , need n't think of rounding - you can simply leave some random coins extra ( say 1-3 hrk ) . 
  not sure how it works with a more substantial restaurant order though . 
  eg if the bill for a few of you in a fancy restaurant is closer to 1000hrk , or 500hrk . 
  around 10 % again i 'd guess ? 
  it 's not something i have either a chance of inclination of doing , so no good idea on the matter . 
  same as in typical parliamentary democracies : a vote of no confidence in the parliament . 
  which i do n't see how it would happen with a single party supermajority there . 
  so only the final steps depends on any future decisions , and that 's only just been signed and is to enter into force in 2016 . and to be relatively useless for some time ... 
  price subsidies are larglely nonexistent now , and export subsidies completely abolished . 
  an overview of the vestigal market intervention mechanism , http://capreform.eu/intervention-arrangements-in-the-new-cap/ basically usable only at a limited number of sectors , and at , inflating , price levels that rarely can happen . 
  but can come in handy in times of crisis . 
  well , its a decoupled subsidy . 
  its effect on the production volume should be limited . 
  or would be were it not so overly generous . 
  have n't read the book but does n't look like that - her testimony was fairly clear from the start that she never wanted that sex - but also that he was n't particularly violent with her , and by now , that she 's forgiven him and would rather just move on . 
  but that 's rape nevertheless . 
  from the article on the book : http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/sep/29/roman-polanski-samantha-geimer  geimer says : `` it was rape in every sense of the word . 
  i said no . '', 
  from recent interviews :  in a 2003 interview , she recalled that she began to feel uncomfortable after he asked her to lie down on a bed , and described how she attempted to resist . 
  `` i said , ` no , no . 
  i do n't want to go in there . 
  no , i do n't want to do this . 
  ' , and then i did n't know what else to do , '' she stated , adding : `` we were alone and i did n't know what else would happen if i made a scene . 
  so i was just scared , and after giving some resistance , i figured well , i guess i 'll get to come home after this '' thats rape . 
  and about how her original testimony goes . 
  in 2000 documentary :  '' ... he had sex with me . 
  he was n't hurting me and he was n't forceful or mean or anything like that , and really i just tried to let him get it over with . '', 
  again , that 's rape . 
  in 2008 :  `` i think he 's sorry , i think he knows it was wrong . 
  i do n't think he 's a danger to society . 
  i do n't think he needs to be locked up forever and no one has ever come out ever -- besides me -- and accused him of anything . 
  it was 30 years ago now . 
  it 's an unpleasant memory ... ( but ) i can live with it . 
  sure its past time to move on . 
  but , well if having sex with her was him doing something wrong in her opinion , then its rape . 
  and in 2011  during a television interview on 10 march 2011 , geimer blamed the media , reporters , the court , and the judge for causing `` way more damage to [ her ] and [ her ] family than anything roman polanski has ever done , '' and stated that the judge was using her and a noted celebrity for his own personal gain from the media exposure . 
  i can understand her being fed up with the circus , but speaking of him doing damage to her seems to refer to him raping her . 
  not exactly allowed - he fled , then france would n't extradite . 
  i think . 
  ca n't really understand how or what excuses they could 've given with a straight face either . 
  edit well but on that topic , i know defending few people , from charges of sleeping with 13 and 14year olds was a big thing some decades back in france . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_petition_against_age_of_consent_laws intellectual heavyweights like sartre , barthes and foucault and a bunch of others supporting it . 
  for reference , 14 was the age of consent here untill last year - 15 now , hence the notion hardly seems shocking in principle . 
  its 13 in spain . 
  anyhow it should be beside the point for the case in question , for there it was clearly rape . 
  i 'd be much less inclined to support his extradition if it were just a matter of statutory rape , if the sex were consensual , and the woman in question continued to see it as such in her adulthood , 40 years later . 
  stranger things happen with people 's libidos than genuinely wanting sex with someone at age of 13 . 
  however , as you say this just is n't the case ; she clearly recalls the matter as purely one-sided . 
  well , it really depends which `` jure '' you ask :d, 
  i think that much is understood - note it forsees mutually agreed territorial swaps . 
  it 's not a functioning state now regardless , so i think the point of these proclamation is simply to pile pressure to restarting such negotiations and entrenching pre-67 as the baseline for them . 
  a better territory-trading position so to speak , for the weaker party . 
  eu has continualy referenced precisely that pre-67 demarcation , and unsc resolution 242 , in its foreign policy pronouncements on the matter , subject to consensual territory swaps in any final negotiations . 
  yeah , i doubt refugees matter will go anywhere ; they 'll have to drop it . 
  pre-67 ones prob ; eu has repeatedly called for respect of those specifically . 
  ashton 's [ pronouncement ] ( http://euobserver.com/foreign/32367 ) :  the eu will not recognize any changes to the pre-1967 borders , including with regard to jerusalem , other than those agreed by the parties . 
  this could include agreed territorial swaps , '' this is in line with unsc resolution 242, 
  hah , croatian story , but apparently my bf 's mom , when he had some black ppl visiting , was unsure whether to give them white sheets or what . 
  not sure what she meant , maybe that he leaks color or ? 
  anyhow , ridiculous - . -, 
  i 'm just not seeing it outside greece . 
  on the other hand hard right has had some substantial gains , i 'd say more obvious . 
  mere protests against certain reforms , already done and not likely to be rolled back seems the opposite really : reminds me rather of prigonine 's observation of dissipative structures in nonequilibrium dynamics - ` we grow in direct proportion to the amount of chaos we can sustain and dissipate ... ' , with protests with little political potential such as these precisely a way to vent , channel and dissipate a counterforce to a government 's direction . 
  with difficulty . 
  but that 's what germany choose to give ... could 've stayed in the energy portfolios instead of canete , but the christiandemocrats threatened to `` kill '' the french guy then too ... parliament can only `` kill '' the entire commission as a package , not commisioners individually , so can only make noises that it wo n't accept it unless some particular commissioners are changed . 
  apparently this was n't quite worth it . 
  at least he 's under a leash of the vicepresidents , so hopefully ca n't do much harm , so that 's the shitty compromise . 
  i would think so , yes . 
  meh , even if the dumbass is serious , it would n't get past the vicepresident and the first vice president and the comission president , and win a majority vote in the comission , all of which would have to happen even before being subject to a majority vote in the parliament and a probably unanimous vote in the council ... so , just some bullshit floating around , nothing to see . 
  edit : oh and :  the issue is sensitive in germany after economics minister sigmar gabriel backed top german publishing houses , including axel springer , in their legal action against google for not paying when linking their news content . 
  that 'll have little chance of succeeding since we already have eu court of justice verdicts that even embedding is not infringement . 
  https://torrentfreak.com/embedding-copyright-infringement-eu-court-rules-141025/ and neither is linking http://torrentfreak.com/hyperlinking-is-not-copyright-infringement-eu-court-rules-140213/, 
  never heard of such prejudice . 
  plenty of asian tourists around . 
  do n't see why you 'd bother with plastic surgery and the like . 
  the typical stereotypes of asians i 've heard are - diligent , intelligent , overly polite . 
  none sound as horrible obstacles in terms of getting employment , do they ? 
  i guess dog-eater jokes are a significant possibility though ;-p, 
  generations of students here have used boris demidovich for calculus - i think this is an international edition of it http://www.amazon.com/problems-mathematical-analysis-boris-demidovich/dp/b0007bnl1w/ref=sr_1_sc_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1414632301&amp;sr=1-1-spell&amp;keywords=demidovic this is the edition famous here - http://www.kupindo.com/prirodne-nauke/15156789_zadaci-i-rijeseni-primjeri-iz-vise-matematike-demidovic, 
  shostakovich and stravinsky would be among the few favorites of mine . 
  speaking of stalker , tarkovsky is generally amazing imho . 
  andrei rublev , solaris , nostalghia , the sacrifice ... 
  sounds about right . 
  that 's a great gif ; what 's its aftermath ? 
   whilst there are federalist in abundance ** now , ** why now ? 
  federalist ventotene manifesto by altiero spinelli and by ernesto rossi is from ww2 ; there 's a decent number of federalist then as well . 
  now the eu was certainly not a fulfillment of their dreams ; ecsc of the time was heavily criticised for lack of ambition . 
  but at some point eec , now seen as the only vehicle for deeper integration was the focus of spinelli 's activity ; as a member of the comission and parliament , also creating the crocodile group of like-minded meps . 
  similar group today is called simply the spinelli group , has 70ish meps from socialists , christian-democrats , liberals and greens . 
  his effort is seen as unsucessfull at the time , but giving an impetus for the future integration , like the single market act and expansion of parliamentary powers . 
  i find it more amazing that advocating for one 's political beliefs would be interpreted as apriori conspiratorial . 
  heh , this turned out great for cameron i see . 
  : / what an amateur ... 
  research institutes , for the two free scientists . 
  oh there 's no way eu could tax germans or anyone directly ; it has no powers of direct taxation by treaties . 
  direct taxes are things like income tax , corporate tax etc.
