  it could have had it , and it could have had more allies if it choose to try . 
  in the security council , sure it would be blocked but its the proper procedure . 
  in the general assembly next , via uniting for peace procedure . 
  if it ca n't win that vote , it has no business butting in against the wishes of the government in iraq . 
  these are liberal objections at core . 
  another practical one was apparent lack of any plan of what to do afterwards . 
  if they had a powerful faction to support , like it was in afganistan , at least the blueprint would not consist of mere chaos . 
  really whenever i think of that war , i facepalm how amateurishly it seems to have been done . 
  in ukrainian case its legally simple since their government would welcome aid and probably intervention . 
  and indeed international law has been broken on multiple counts against them . 
  i totally agree we need to play this as smart as possible , and think this through . 
  i 'm just feeling we 're looking at a sudetenland rerun , and that a proper response is probably more aggressive than what we 're doing . 
  as was the case then . 
  that 's actually the only part where i do favor such a hawkish position . 
  isis , not sure why we need to care really - its awful enough for the conventional channels , of a broad un backed multilateral force to be quite possible and besides - why not let our enemies exhaust each other and possibly support kurds in the meantime . 
  but ukraine ? 
  this is the core of what europe is about - the experience of two totalitarianisms , and the experience of the fall of the wall , the russian domination of the east replaced by liberal democracy and freedom - these people fought and still fight for the same aspiration my own nation won just two decades ago in a bloody war of similar character , they bled under the twelve-star flag to get rid of an vichy regime , and bleed now to defend against a naked violation of territorial integrity on european soil , contrary to international law we hold unrevokable . 
  if securing them would take a proxy war with russia - well , the west has proxy warred with them in a bunch of countries over far less . 
  i do n't know or really give a shit what the us will or should do . 
  i do know that europe needs to protect and welcome ukraine into the free world . 
  yeah i do want to see russian economy strangled to the greatest extent possible , with the goal of pushing them into depression , and ideally covert and massive armament of ukrainian forces , with the goal of regaining full territorial integrity . 
  including crimea . 
  if that means more responses from putin , so be it , lets slug it out . 
  for it does n't look like anything else has any chance of success , whereby success is defined as territorial integrity of ukraine . 
  now if then , a proper and monitored referendum can be say triaterally arranged consensually between ukraine , russia and the eu on crimea specifically , fine . 
  but this was an illegal act . 
   but the idea that there would be a permanent tory government is unlikely yeah - that 's exactly what wings over scotland is saying as well - there would have been pretty much exactly the same governments regardless of the scottish vote . 
  so clearly labor is just as electable in england alone as well . 
  i do hope you 're right on the potential uk referendum but that 's a bit of a different topic . 
  yeah , i do n't see why that would matter much . 
  chances are if catalonia needs for eg inflation , then so does spain itself , since the economies are deeply integrated and asymmetric shocks difficult . 
  so there 'll be votes for the policy in its interest , and a small country would n't have that much of an extra say in a gdp + population weighted voting used in the ecb anyhow . 
  i can see they 're partisan here , hence my hedging with `` if this is to be trusted '' . 
  but the calculation of the election results with and w/o scotland at least looks legit . 
   that catalonia would have to remain outside the eu until it went through the application process , which would also cause them issues with the euro . 
  would it ? 
  euro is used in montenegro , which is not in the eu yet . 
  seems not to cause any particular issues . 
  edit : i too think these new countries would and should need to reapply , for fairness and to follow proper procedure - but also given favorable secession treaty conditions as well - an explicit option under lisbon treaty , and one already used before that with greenland - so as to not make practical problems with business . 
  which is in everyone 's interest . 
  never needed before . 
  i just checked croatian accession treaty . 
  not a single referendum triggered . 
   croatia was covered under lisbon i believe . 
  several states require referendums on treaty change , either formally or through electoral promises . 
  nope , but by treaty of accession signed in 2011 , entering force in 2013 : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_accession_2011 . 
  this was ratified without a single referendum on the matter ( apart from the one in croatia ofc ) , as accession of new members usually works ( there 's been abunch of such accession treaties , 2005 , 2003 and so on back - linked on the bottom of the wiki page ) . 
  there are other types of treaty changes not requiring referendums - eg simplified revision procedure used for the two line amendment giving a legal basis for the esm facility . 
  now i doubt exit from the eu would force them to lose the membership in the single market , rather than allowing for transitional regime until they rejoin . 
  which they can do in prob 2 years i said said - that was what iceland would have taken , which is just as prepared . 
  there is precedent - greenland exited the eu by referendum . 
  this was done by signing a greenland treaty , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greenland_treaty which removed greenland from applicability of the treaties , whilst allowing their continual participation in some parts of the eu law , as an oversees territory , annexing a protocol giving various privileges . 
  prob a similar secession treaty ( now post-lisbon , procedure for doing this is specified in the main treaties rather than ad ` hoc ) would need to be signed and ratified prior to scotland exiting and reapplying , with the content of a comprehensive free trade treaty like with efta countries . 
  edit : and anyhow , `` those states that require referendum '' even if it were a matter of substantial treaty revision would consist of exactly one country - ireland , as we can see in the process of ratification of the lisbon treaty . 
  and were hypothetically some referendum necessary in ireland , could you really imagine it failing ? 
   i could find a parliamentarian who claims that russia is an angel and ukraine pseudo nazis who deserve to be crushed . 
  and then make a story about it that would have the same value as this one . 
  parliamentarian of a major eu member state , with a long career in foreign relations , currently representing it in the council of europe parliamentary assembly ? 
  really ? 
  i could believe you could find somewhat credible voices with a less hawkish stance , but really , you claim you could find a parliamentarian with the relevant experience and credibility to this extent , to claim ukrainian government are nazis ? 
  i do n't believe you at all . 
  put up or shut up . 
  the relevant claims are actually made by her , and if trusted are damning no matter which way you 'd choose to spin them : - heavy russian military presence - issuing of passports - russian textbooks introduced - closing of ukrainian churches , expulsion of priests these are direct from the twitter , read for yourself ; they 're highlighted by the mp at least as much as in that article . 
  there is n't much more that 's said in the article at all , and these are mostly just quotes . 
  you can claim they 're unreliable themselves ( certainly seem partisan ) , but they are n't a product of spin on the part of the article at least . 
  the spin would have to be mps , so your target is off . 
  they 're not lying about what the german council of europe parliamentarian is tweeting . 
  rest is up to the trustworthiness of the politician in question , not so much to the media which is barely doing more than linking the tweets . 
  they would have to - the parliament composition approximates degressive proportionality . 
  this has an operational meaning and is not really that subject to negotiations : an mep from scotland can not represent more people than the mep of the next larger country , within some rounding . 
  scotland would have to have 12-13meps , depending on who would have to lose to make up the difference . 
   but there has been news recently that a country ca n't join the eu unless it has a central bank . 
  if true still that need n't mean , having a currency - montenegro opened negotiations , yet uses euro for currency . 
  and has a central bank apparently . 
  yup . 
  but it could be difficult to avoid it indefinitely once the criteria except erm membership are fulfilled . 
  as sweden is currently . 
  they 're not in a rush to impose it , but they could insist eventually . 
  luxemburg court could prob force it if a country was officially sued by the commission for betraying their treaty commitments , theoretically at least . 
  or alternatively , the rule could be abolished . 
  there 's a country that requires a referendum for mere accession ? 
  who had referendums when croatia joined ? 
  i think this is false . 
  doubt spain would interfere given this was a voluntary decision of the uk - to accept this way of resolution . 
  they did say to block immediate accession without an application process . 
  presuming this current government is even in power again at the time . 
  but that seems a sensible , formalist position . 
  so i 'd expect them to cool outside the eu for a couple of years , with some transitional setup to continue the access to the single market , and going through a formality of application . 
  since they are compatible with the eu law already , should be say 2 years tops , like what was predicted for iceland when it had the intention of joining . 
   its funny to me , when europeans post articles intended to make the us look bad . . and that article is written by noted neoconservatives , stalwarts of fox news , dyed in the wool republicans , etc. 
  well that seemed kinda obvious given his isis comments and obama namecalling . 
  disgusting article ; not sure why you presume we do n't pick up on it from the text , even not knowing the authors etc. 
  though on this i disagree :  the european left does n't really care who is delivering the message . 
  well speaking in principle , that 's exactly how it should be , no ? 
  the converse would be to judge an argument by the personality of who 's making it . 
  putin is good at probing for weaknesses in these commitments apparently - i 'm not sure anyone will activate art5 over this incident . 
  which is frankly the correct choice imho - this is not more than an incident at this point . 
  but that slippery slope , how its calling ... 
  its trivial to be the aggressive one when it amounts to posturing ( or whining others should do more than oneself ) . 
  as you said , any economical leverage , and hence risk , it on this side of the atlantic .
