  we had a `` bitter '' ( well to the ruling rethoric at least ) pill to swallow re borders too to unblock negotiations . 
  yeah but how could it possibly be outside the economic area circle ? 
  edit : ah , pending formality ... 
  re the effectiveness of it , this is the common info on the matter i heard : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-ballistic_missile#the_problem_of_defense_against_mirvs  i dont think that building defensive systems which make you less vunerable to a nuclear strike is the same as upsetting nuclear balance . 
  i think it really is . 
  much of the nuclear weapons arsenal is aimed at counter-force targets , which is to say , icbm silos and the like , to limit the retaliatory strike that would follow . 
  if you can shoot them in the air instead and limit the retaliation thus , you 're achieving the same goal as you would have with more nukes . 
  effectively freeing your nukes to do more damage , just as if you built more missiles . 
  this could provoke an arm 's race . 
  that was the worry by say mcnamara at the time antibalistic systems first became a technical reality , and with time an anti ballistic missile treaty was signed , limiting the capabilities and number of systems each side could so protect . 
  one system for each . 
  us defending some counter-force for a plausible retaliation , ussr defending moscow and icbms in its vicinity . 
  eventually us unilaterally withdrew from this arms control treaty , in 2001 . 
  today many nukes are not on positions so targeted ( but on subs ) , which ensures a second-strike capability to a country , as a deterrant from pursuing a first strike . 
  but if you could withstand a limited retaliatory strike with the missile defense shield , first strike option becomes more appealing , a destabilizing effect . 
  mutually assured destruction logic pretty much depends on both sides being totally open to being converted into a wasteland and not being able do anything about it with a first strike or otherwise . 
  given the stakes , ie medium term habitability of the only planet we 've got , not something to be dinked around with at all . 
  perhaps a way to do it is by simultaneously announcing reductions on your nuclear stockpiles to keep the balance in place , not sure . 
  re its strategic risks , some similar points are raised here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_defense_initiative#sdi_and_mad edit : sry for the infodump , i 'm a fan of everything postapocaliptic in games and books and arts , in love with nukes in a weird way . 
  and i completely agree . 
  i 'd just rather not play with nukes in doing so . 
  we should offer conventional assistance to a much higher degree . 
  position conventional troops . 
  i 'd be rather hawkish on the matter . 
  but doing anything to upset the nuclear balance seems like a very bad idea to me . 
  we should rather decouple the two as much as possible , since that 's a contest we lose even if we win ( ie with having more nuclear armaments on the planet , or by further damaging efforts in their decommissioning ) . 
  what 's the point ? 
  i thought there was little chance a missile shield could hold up to a first strike of a country like the us or russia , for just technical reasons ? 
  ie hitting all the heads dropping from a mirv , and really having enough speed to down most big icbms consistently . 
  the one in plan some time ago used just these kinds of arguments to claim that russia has little to worry , and to target iran . 
  what it does do is give a reason for a power like that to build more nukes to maintain the status quo . 
  not a race we 'd be smart to enter again , esp given decent progress in lowering the stockpiles we 've got . 
  unless my facts are wrong , i think it would be intelligent not to escalate the current dispute over russian aggression quite all the way up to the issue of nuclear balance . 
  hmm , split you say . 
  zadar ( or iader or idassa ) is at least as good a choice . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zadar#antiquity gives 9ct bc for the creation of the liburnian settlement , becoming important trading center by 7ct bc , and developing into the main seat of the liburnian maritime rule . 
  recorded as leading the coalition in war with greek colonization , that established the settlement of pharos ( on hvar ) in 384bc - which seems to give us the oldest recorded mention of zadar . 
  to quote '' before the roman conquest , zadar held a territory of more than 600 km2 in the 2nd century bc . '', 
  i would n't be surprised if whoever edited wikipedia ( though age at least seems to be correct according to [ princeton encyclopedia of classical sites ] ( http://www.perseus.tufts.edu/hopper/text?doc=perseus%3atext%3a1999.04.0006%3aalphabetic+letter%3di%3aentry+group%3d1%3aentry%3diader ) ) was being partisan but the broad point should stand . 
  map of our ( its my hometown :d ) tiny sea empire , a while after its conquest by romans : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zadar#mediaviewer/file:liburnia_1st_ad.png even though a settlement seems to have existed in modern split in earlier antiquity as a colony of issa ( vis ) , salona , some 5km away , is the more important center in that region until the modern settlement develops around diocletian 's palace - only in 4ct ad . 
  wow , thx , that 's a powerful thing to hear . 
  no argument there . 
  i 'm just saying that the radical positions themselves do n't typically view it like that . 
  which is pretty much what makes them so radical . 
  say , neofascist probably pine for a strong leader with little legal limits to his ( no doubt its a him ) powers - so a putin might be inspiring to them , and communist would desire a revolutionary overthrow of the `` modern western '' political and economic system - so would welcome its weakness as exploitable - plus possibly still having some historic sympathy for russian positions on anything . 
  still , clearly , complete breaks from the current political systems . 
  right - its a partial analogy only . 
  and agreed on the second point - we ( or rather , some ) were . 
  and thankfully , this seems to change nothing in the reaction to these being trampled on here . 
  values are our highest aspirations , especially valuable precisely when on occasion we fall short of these ideals - as a corrective . 
  sry - its the internet ... 
  ok , let me try arguing this again :  i wanted folks who ** glibly ** compared someone else to hitler or to nazis to think a bit harder about the holocaust '' said godwin . 
  yet , look at the discussion - i do n't see people shouting `` putin is just like hitler '' - what you get is a comparison about the historical effectiveness of a policy of appeasement towards the already aggressive nazi germany tolerating its land-grab , and a similarly orchestrated land-grab scenario with putin 's russia today , to argue , i guess , that appeasement might be just as ineffective today . 
  how could this limited analogy possibly amount to a glib comparison of someone to hitler and the nazis generally ? 
  how could a reasoned comparison of historical events even be glib ? 
  if anything , `` putin is not hitler so the analogy surely does n't work '' is fairly glib ; regardless of how similar or dissimilar russian regime is to nazi germany , there could still be similarities in their geopolitical positions and strategies sufficient to conclude certain counter-strategies are unlikely to work . 
  or not - the proper way to argue here imho would have been to dissect whether the analogy breaks down in important ways despite surface similarities between sudetenland and crimea , rather than glibly stating `` putin is not hitler so you 're wrong '' . 
   you seem to imagine that the eu could be an independent military actor in ukraine . 
  why do we in western europe always have to pick sides ? 
  independent of what , the us ? 
  why would it be ? 
  but obviously we can act to support ukraine in various ways , including militarily if need be - we do have such capacity . 
  as to the second question , that 's a wider , strategic matter for sure , and i ca n't say to know the answer , from the perspective of narrow self-interest . 
  certainly it is possible the west has not enough to gain by preventing ukraine to fall under the russian dominance yet again , no matter the human cost and missed economic opportunities , as well as that russia is not a real threat for all its posturing , with limited geostrategic appetites , and the risks of confrontation are too high . 
  so one need n't pick sides . 
  or conversely , perhaps it works out otherwise . 
  still it seems to me there is solid support across europe for the aspiration of ukranians towards the west , sympathy for their struggle for a right to self-determination as to what kind of country they will be , especially since it seems to lean to values we cherish too , as well as outrage over the blatant disregard for fundamentals of international law , another supreme value of the west , like inviolability of borders from foreign unilateral annexation , to make the matter of western self-interest fairly moot . 
   he is , according to you , the new hitler odd you would read this into my post . 
  according to me ( and a random cited source ) , there are legitimate analogies between the two situations precluding the use of godwin 's argument about hyperbolic comparisons in discussion of appeasement ; i would n't even bother trying to compare the person and the regimes , ideologies driving them - i 'll just remain neutral on how much one would dig up if doing so , since it does n't seem pertinent . 
  an analogy is not an identity , and one should be careful of not stretching analogies beyond the domain of its validity . 
  i 'm reacting to your misuse of godwin 's law ; as to foreign policy recommendations , i was not making a stand - but since you ask , yeah , i 'd favor further and gradual escalation of the conflict from the western side in order to ensure victory of the ukrainian army at least outside crimea , and the sealing of their borders with russia . 
  we have quite some ways to go before eu feet on ukrainian ground are the only way to achieve this goal , to even have to contemplate this - since they seem to be doing a good job of liberating their own territory as it is . 
   both the extreme right and left seem to adore the even slight possibility that modern western society might weaken or break down practically tautological - a radical position surely would wish for the status quo to break down . 
  your point is well taken , but i think you 're a bit to pessimist about the overall attitudes towards this conflict in europe - my impression was that moderate positions in europe are quite aware of the facts and will stand up for ukraine . 
  where the line is drawn is at a direct frontal confrontation with the nuclear superpower which continues to escalate the situation in that direction . 
  here its the fear of a catastrophe , self-preservation , rather than actual sympathy to the `` contrarian '' policies of russia , that prevails . 
  `` the law and its corollaries would not apply to discussions covering known mainstays of nazi germany such as genocide , eugenics , or racial superiority , nor , more debatably , to a discussion of other totalitarian regimes or ideologies [ citation needed ] , if that was the explicit topic of conversation , since a nazi comparison in those circumstances may be appropriate , in effect committing the fallacist 's fallacy . 
  ... godwin 's law itself can be abused as a distraction , diversion or even as censorship , fallaciously miscasting an opponent 's argument as hyperbole when the comparisons made by the argument are actually appropriate '' for one , crimea and sudetenland seem quite analogous ... eg , random top google result : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26488652 - and that seems fairly pertinent to the discussion of chamberlain and appeasement . 
   would you say what he says is `` stuck in the time of the macdougall report '' and its thinking needs updating ? 
  nono , not at all - he gives a really nice rundown of the arguments and a popular option for a fiscal stabilizer at the eu level , and seems to favor proposal i like most as well - unemployment benefit system . 
  not surprising , since i like it basically precisely because it has significant political traction , outside berlin that is , and decent muscle for its smallish size , small relative to total gdp . 
  he is neither claiming this needs to be a large proportion of the eu gdp nor that it really should create permanent welfare transfers between member states , nor is he implicitly suggesting that the fiscal federalism of the eu/eurozone needs to be of similar character as in actual federal states to even work . 
  those aspect of the original report do n't appeal to me , apart from just the technical matter of the subsequent debate opening many other options , also because of the huge political hurdle in getting to that point , so they do n't seem realistic even for the semiutopian mindset of what is politically realistic implicit in even discussing pan-eu transfers - and because they create strife and fuel secessionism even within countries far more homogenous and solidary than the eu is . 
  fiscal transfers to poorer serbian regions were used as an argument for secession of croatia from yugoslavia , are used by northern italian secessionist movements , by flemish secessionism - and even the miniscule cohesion fund transfers seem so odious to eg the uk now . 
  he also gives an honest assessment on the two phases of the european response to the crisis , a keynesian one to the financial crisis , and an austerity one to the sovereign debt crisis . 
  not profound , but something eu politicians often fudge - i could quote some nonsense barosso and some comission president candidates said on the matter , conflating the two . 
  what he ends up advocating is achievable , according to him with 1 % gdp overall volume , and in some other analysis i linked , with a net average transfers of cca 0.5 % gdp . 
   you agree that the current implementation is severely lacking in a shock absorption mechanism , right ? 
  yes . 
  well no pre-euro experience in europe , and no experience currently in the developed world since the great depression and birth of modern macroeconomic thought ever had this big and persistent a gap between the long term growth trend and actual gdp , so clearly the architecture as it stood in 2008 was totally fucked . 
  and i do n't think its fixed now either , else we 'd have tools to at least do as well as the us post-crisis . 
   what you 're claiming is that there are other types of systems that do not require transfers ? 
  well , that avoid permanent transfers between member states , political strife that would entail as well as the moral hazard the richer would fear - and that do n't require quite that magnitude of financing , hence more realistically implementable . 
  it still involves transfers over the medium term , from those in a boom to those in a slump . 
  i 'm still pessimistic about our collective political will to implement even such better targeted ideas - so many have been shot down especially in berlin . 
  and i 'm not even blaming it really ; guess those are just the realities of what is politically digestible to the electorate there , and their financial position gives them the option of being far pickier in what they digest than an electorate in a country with no fiscal room remaining . 
   as someone who uses his knowledge of economics in an obfuscating way to promote his personal preferences uf , i 'm sorry , i was really trying to be concise but clear . 
  and as to my preferences , they 'd be something like - `` we need more tools to make eurozone workable '' and optimism that this is achievable with modest and hence almost politically realistic methods . 
   which i guess is the same rationale for wealth redistribution between citizens in a single state well , welfare has many purposes . 
  from the purely humanitarian - ensuring a minimal humane living , like not having people dying from malnutrition , to structural , enabling a more even-chances starting point for the next generation , to insurance or savings-like , eg hedging against a risk of disability , certainty of old age , and risk of unemployment .
