  it currently raises a levy on the vat for a portion of its budget though - i think nothing would legally change for the supreme court to complain about if it were charging a percentage of vat ( or fuel levies - that 's why i choose the 3 examples i gave ) instead , though not absolutely sure . 
  and both their forms and levels are still bound by unanimity voting - eu institutions have no power to raise any own resources without prior governmental consent and hence control , though once agreed they are obligatory . 
  now a fairer distribution of parliamentary seats would require treaty change ( and agreed would be desirable ) , but interestingly it can get fairly normal with simply lowering the minimum from 6 to 3 ( and i do n't think its desirable to go any lower than that , just to enable a bit of a flavor of proportionality in the elections ) , even while keeping the principle of degressive proportionality . 
  principle which is not a compromise likely to easily change . 
  the article linked argues how the constitutional court 's judgement would have much less to stand on in such a case even in general . 
  what might help push it along , and make decision-making procedures on the eu level more efficient though , is if the supermajority requirements in the councul of ministers were also dropped . 
  soon they 're to fall to 55 % member states having at least 65 % population - an old decision slow to take effect . 
  something like 50 % with 50 % ( or less ) of population concurrently with a more proportional parliament could restore political balance , while making laws pass the upper chamer more easily . 
  bonus : upper chamber loses more power , since passing any legislation and its form is n't as tightly limited by the possibilities of coalition-building there . 
  not in germany , yes . 
  but most federations do have an overrepresentation of smaller states in the lower house , http://www.voxeu.org/article/inequality-european-parliament-representation . 
  and `` the legislative '' , being symmetric-bicameral reasonably includes both houses . 
  well , it counts more in the council of ministers , so i think it at least balances out . 
  edit : and technically either gni contributions making the bulk of the budget today ( fair portion actually is counted on the basis of vat already ) or something like an eu vat is an `` own resource '' and indirect in the relevant legal sense . 
  the legal basis is there , but takes a unanimous decision to implement instead of current per-state taxes . 
  i kinda hoped miliband could win . 
  with the fptp system , spreading those votes around greens and whatnots risks us in the rest of europe enduring cameron 4 more years . 
  granted , he 's got even bigger problems in that regard w ukip but ... 
  this moronic dispute underscores the need for the introduction of further `` own resources '' of the eu , not based on national contributions , but taxing the overall economy , like with 1 % vat , carbon tax and/or energy tax . 
  and on a separate matter , wonder what happens next , a court proceeding in luxemburg or ? 
  as far as i understand , gni contributions are n't a voluntary contribution by the member states , but a legaly binding tax on their membership , and presumably would be recognised as such even by national courts ? 
  yeah , i know - funny tricks of the election system - but he said  they got around 70 % of the ** votes ** and ofc everyone reacting to this understood it as the party getting an incredibly large support . 
  while its actually fairly pedestrian for a ruling party/coalition . 
  heh , admittedly it was the 90s so quite a different political climate , but i was told by my parents there was a high chance the ruling party will get my vote anyhow ( by fraud ) unless i explicitly annul it ; / similar lession in principle though :d, 
  there 's a procedure for that , but they 're protected by their epp pals . 
  art 7 proceedings have n't even been started against them , nor were they fined . 
  the way austria was when heider participated in power . 
  eu has some levers of power against their abuses to use . 
  but this is prob rethoric for internal consumption ; they 've consistently been real puppies when faced with any official eu action . 
  yeah , and false . 
  its [ 44.54 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_parliamentary_election,_2014 ), 
  only its false . 
  turnout is actually at [ 61ish % and support at 44ish % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_parliamentary_election,_2014 ) and that 's not really impressive . 
  all of his data is wrong - turnout is quite decent at 61.73 % , and support for the ruling party was nowhere as high - in election systems of many countries not even high enough to form a government , at 44.54 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_parliamentary_election,_2014 but speaking in principle , we 've heard multiple times in this thread that there just are n't many credible alternatives there , the opposition block has been percieved as a catastrophic failure in power too , and was given a chance multiple times precisely because this is what their center-right looks like . 
  so its quite understandable not to support either . 
  and you still suffer the consequences of inevitable bad governance you had little chance of avoiding . 
  they did n't get around 70 % of the vote , but 44.54 % https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_parliamentary_election,_2014 and turnout was good - 61.73 % if your election system were n't quite utter shit ( but say something like the one in germany ) , they 'd be missing a few seats to even have a majority to form a government , let alone a supermajority to change the constitution , which is what this wierd math gave them, 
  ah , there 'll allways prob be some critique to be made . 
  i do n't think this one will be open to it as much as previous ones ; its quite a different beast , being done so that the new unified superviser under the ecb knows its baseline situation , rather than by the people whose past failings brought the banking sector into this mess in the first place . 
  incentives are opposite ; anything they failed to report on this test , if it comes to bite them later on is their fault , unlike the current situation , where they can be as tough as they want , not having to defend their previous judgements . 
  eu-wide but done by national supervisers . 
  and most immediately recognised scenarios were lenient . 
  this is test before ecb takes over banking supervision . 
  it is they that what to know what they 're getting themselves into . 
  further their incentives are different ; national supervisers were responsible for the banks getting in the mess in the first place ; they had an incentive to save face . 
  ecb on the other hand has an incentive on not taking over other people 's mistakes and making them theirown . 
  well , its an old , multi-speed europe debate , since the 80s at least . 
  too much of europe a la carte is expected to fail at its mission of integrating europe , a policy objective common to largest parties and blocks in most continental countries . 
  for a patchwork of exceptions is not a single market . 
  and it would n't be a threat because there would n't be any takers to such relationships . 
  so any opting out needs to be balanced with a credible downside too . 
  like the `` fax democracy '' situation in the eea members , etc. 
  basically a matter of what kind of conditionality eu member states put on giving access to its markets under most favorable conditions ( ie credible parity to how domestic markets work ) . 
  there will prob be room for some typical free trade agreements regardless though . 
  i think a simple trade agreement and nothing more , being in everyone 's interest , and of limited effectiveness at integrating the markets , and without a vote , is probably `` punishment '' enough and would be sensible , should they leave . 
  it would fit nicely in the procedure of voluntary withdrawal as well ; the treaties envision determining the future relationship ( voting on it in the council and comission ofc ) at the moment of a countrie 's withdrawal . 
  i 'd bet that 's what would happen were the uk choose to leave . 
  no doublt it wo n't be so sweet as to be too enticing to say denmark or sweden - that would be an existential threat to the eu . 
  certainly no more than the deals with norway or switzerland or iceland . 
  hm , i 've heard there 's a majority in france wishing the uk to leave . 
  though i personally agree ofc , its not in anyone 's interest , presuming they behaved a bit less hysterically . 
  new government there hopefully could make a lull in that tension ... 
  that 's one opt-out i doubt you can get and keep anything more than a trade agreement with the eu . 
  switzerland does n't get that opt out , nor does norway , nor iceland . 
  and creating such a strong eu-light category can be an existential threat to the eu - possibly of interest to other member states , so not a pandora 's box they 'd likely wish to open . 
  no expansion will happen by the end of this decade anyhow , so nothing to veto . 
  hah , just like cameron , you overstate your bargaining position ; most things doable only by an unanimous vote are also doable via enhanced cooperation or via an extra-eu treaty , so needs not allow opting out of areas already covered , at least . 
  and this a dangerous road to thread anyhow , for uks interests and voice start to matter less in the wast majority of policy decisions , made by majority vote . 
  fiscal compact was one example of a fairly elegant overturn of such a veto . 
  current opt-outs are a different beast than renegotiation , since they were introduced concurrently with the rest of the countries integrating in that area , not retrospectively . 
  i do n't think further opt-outs are out of the question in principle though , but given any would require revisions to the eu treaties and automatic referenda etc , highly unlikely to happen by the end of the decade . 
  pretty much impossible to do even technically by 2017 , even ignoring how nobody would touch the treaties already again . 
  and in principle , not something that happens on the schedule that the uk ( or any single member state ) wants but when the arhitectural tensions of a current system run so high to force politician 's hand . 
  like with lisbon . 
  that 's just your reading comprehension fail , obviously . 
  he 'd rather people did n't support such parties . 
  `` i 'd rather ... but '' is often used for things one effectively can not change or influence . 
  say : `` i 'd rather it were sunny all year round , but this winter was n't too cold or rainy as winters go . '', 
  presumably this is in consequence of the majority of the eu budget being contributions based on the gni of member states . 
  the relative ratios of which changed . 
  and none of this should have been a surprise to any competent government ; the recalculation was agreed on in 2010 . 
  it is ackward that the bulk of it will fall on the most unwilling of the member states , so there 's prob room for negotiation , but otoh cameron seems to be handling this as amateurishly as any of his previous runs with the eu . 
  nonsense ; given a medical reason , the doctors can legally cut off pretty much any of your parts - this is prob about not performing a medical procedure for merely religious or cultural reasons . 
  well i certainly think a pirate mep should vote against a commission with oettinger in ( supervised ) charge of the digital economy and society portfolio , though she notes the vp sounded better . 
  few points seem unfair though ; eg rejecting hill would be a nuclear option in times of tension with the uk , not needed , and the reason given , apparently a divergence of opinion on how much he need disclose far too flimsy for such a major action . 
  hungary had to get some portfolio or another , ca n't think of one with less profile , given the lack of eu competencies , than education and culture . 
  or expecting statements on the future pace of negotiations with member states on data protection , before basically even speaking with them in an offical capacity . 
  there would n't be any deadlock if it did n't take some future negotiations , would it ; they 'd just agree with the presented plan or not ... or fairly dishonestly counting support for isds as lack of transparency . 
  or the interesting contortions she must have done to make the previous comission look like it had a higher percentage of women than the current one , even though the number of nominated women was the same at the time as well - 9 . 
  and croatia joined with ofc a male comissioner as well . 
  presuming she counted 9/27 vs 9/28 , tricky ... plus ignoring the fact they were further compensated for the disbalance by more important portfolios , vice-presidential roles etc. 
  i agree on canete though . 
  heh , sorry , mostly eu-jargon : idk - i do n't know esm - european stability mechanism . 
  aka the bailout fund . 
  tltro - targeted long term refinancing operations - just the name of the program of the ecb . 
  bank of england called something very much like this `` funding for lending '' eib - european investment bank - strategic investment bank of the eu member states . 
  like the world bank , but for europe . 
  eif - european investment fund - same thing as the bank above , but for smes . 
  and owned by eib . 
  tltro instrument the ecb is to use works pretty much like that - loans to smes in this case , was the condition , though i do n't know the exact details on the conditionality .
