  in the event of an impediment or serious misconduct , the european council can end the president 's term of office in accordance with the same procedure . '', 
  http://en.wikisource.org/wiki/consolidated_version_of_the_treaty_on_european_union/title_iii:_provisions_on_the_institutions this is the same kind of majority as needed for nominating the commission president . 
   hr does n't actually do anything but talk . 
  does n't wield any actual power . 
  well , he/she does have the resources of the eeas at his/her disposal . 
  but yea true , only from that perspective , council president definitely does n't do anything but talk , and has no formal authority at all . 
  edit : you disagree ? 
  well look at the teu - this is all he 's got and its no actual power at all - just a chair and coordinator : . 
  the president of the european council : ( a ) shall chair it and drive forward its work ; ( b ) shall ensure the preparation and continuity of the work of the european council in cooperation with the president of the commission , and on the basis of the work of the general affairs council ; ( c ) shall endeavour to facilitate cohesion and consensus within the european council ; ( d ) shall present a report to the european parliament after each of the meetings of the european council . 
  yeah , you 're prob more integrated into it than uk is , with its various exemptions . 
  this is prob about using article 7 procedure against it . 
  idk if there 's the political will to do so , till now the epp protected him . 
  http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-1-common-provisions/7-article-7.html the european parliament ( by majority vote ) as well as everyone but hungary unanimously has to vote , on the level of heads of governments , that there is `` a serious and persistent breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 '' ( ie `` respect for human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights , including the rights of persons belonging to minorities . '' ) . 
  once this has been done , with a qualified majority , the council can start suspending hungary from various eu programmes , as well as deny it the right of vote in the council . 
  there will be further options to sanction hungary in 2015 , because some transitional period in the area of justice and home affairs expires . 
  the luxemburg court will have the authority over the transcription of directives in that area too , for one . 
  probably , yeah, 
  ups i was hedging against a factoid i was n't sure of , thx . 
  re germany running the eu , even that 's overstating it . 
  they either have veto and naturally use it to protect their own interests , like everyone else , or a proportionate vote by whatever 's the relevant metric , just like everyone else . 
  disproportionate power swelled when they were having a boom at a time of a severe bust elsewhere , and so in a position to dictate terms . 
  not collegial , true , but prob as much as the voters there could swallow ( and i would expect no more from any other block of voters either ) , and generally just a shitty situation however you approach it . 
  i 'm moderately apologist on this , since on the one hand the policies were often clearly destructive , but on the other , the room to maneuver to a better outcome so severely limited , that at times i find it miraculous even the minimum that was done , got done . 
  there 's far too little solidarity and trust between citizens of member states still for things to be done rationally . 
  but substantial integration is fairly young , time for it to happen unless it just blows apart . 
  re juries , well ofc - quality of rule of law is a prerequisite for any kind of say human rights protection having much meaning . 
  and for just such reasons , law does n't seem like a matter for nonprofessionals to participate in meaningfully . 
  simply leaves room for rhetoric or prejudice to overcome legal reasoning - and one would have to stretch to fairly populist arguments in favor . 
  anyhow , it was a long list , with this only one mention - point was basically how alien it all really is to the continental system , from judicial , executive , legislative , social , even criminal systems . 
  it all seems wrong . 
  and one can ofc make arguments that it is , from one perspective at least . 
  so it appears really undesirable . 
  eh , idk the possibility of ignoring international law may come with the territory of being a veto-wielding superpower , and certainly i would n't want a democracy of such magnitude to be totally disengaged . 
  but there 's disengaged , and then there 's doing whatever you wish to do , however illegal for anyone not having such a privileged status , or just with more regard to following proper steps to do . 
  again , its a high risk of abuse , but otoh of strategic value when most needed kind of thing . . 
  made it a bit stronger even . 
  do n't take offense plz , i am half-joking . 
  rather i 'm exaggerating my opinion jokingly . 
  fed and boe had a much more agressive monetary policy , ecb , granted mired in legal uncertainty , was far more cautious . 
  and it shows in the results . 
  that 's a consequence of policy , not scale . 
  re comparisons of the systems , well the scales of the eu and us are similar . 
  but i really dislike many features of the us system ( citizen juries , role of precedent , first-past-the-post , 2-year mp mandates , presidentialism , ~ ~ near ~ ~ - equal votes for states in the senate , police brutality , prison overpopulation , death penalty , gun laws , lack of substantial social protections , aggressive foreign policy and military expenditure - though one would hope it would come in handy in a situation such as this thread is about . 
  hope . ) . 
  but having federalism that is - we need a stronger center such as that . 
  germany though ? 
  i 'm really impressed by its constitutional arrangements . 
  edit : oh did i forget energy and climate policy :p, 
  we may squabble when we find each others hands in the wrong pockets , but i would n't want a graft of your political , judicial , criminal or economic system in a million years . 
  utterly barbaric on every point . 
  couple of decades of crisis if far preferable . 
  i 'd like your fed or boe though , please , 
  to protect farmers from volatility , yeah . 
  given the strategic importance of food . 
  but as to doing so on an eu level , that 's to ensure a single market in food , not too distorted by subsidy competition between nation states . 
  that 's the theory as far as i understand it at least . 
  well i guess it depends on who launches first . 
  with the stockpile they have , i 'd expect russia to be able to cripple china badly . 
  sure mad exists - as a deterrent against first strike . 
  nato too has a policy of leaving the option open to respond nuclear to a war that 's not being won conventionally . 
  nuclear warfare , and limited escalation is the scenario in that case . 
  this is common . 
  in french doctrine , tactical nuclear weapons are to be fired with previously mirage 2000n and now the rafale , as a last line before deploying strategic weapons . 
  oh they 'd launch against a conventional war on their territory if they 're losing . 
  why would n't they launch ? 
  china 's arsenal is puny in comparison . 
  the wording is that by signing the pact they agree that blahblah , not that they all need to agree , read closer . 
  it says each of them ... individually and in concert - so they do n't need to agree to act . 
  this is a stricter chapter of the treaty , no unanimity required at this point . 
  ofc no court or whatever will force them to deploy an army if they do n't chose to . 
  no body has an authority to do so . 
  so its as strong a wording as you can get without transfer of sovereignity over deciding on military actions to a supranational body . 
  not something that would realistically be fucked with by the member states , since it would be pretty clearly seen as invalidating the pact . 
  furthermore , all that matters is for the us to see it as an attack , the rest are comparatively irrelevant . 
  and it would be invalidating their pact . 
  now possibly a war with russia might scare the us enough that it would sacrifice its world dominanting collection of allies to avoid it . 
  but that 's the extent of the stakes here , not merely some easten european blot on the map ( not meaning offense , we 're far more insignificant in comparison - just trying to put the scales in perspective ) . 
  and it does legally invalidate the treaty - the wording above states that an attack on one is an attack on all . 
  to claim an attack is not an attack is in breach of the pack obligations , and committing to those obligations have quite a lot of clout riding on them . 
  idk , procedural votes in unsc do n't have a veto . 
  does that include this abstention thing ? 
  i 'd guess not since it seems abusable , not sure . 
  anyhow , that 's the loophole by which the united for peace procedure works - they can refer a matter to general assembly with a simple majority , no veto . 
  otherwise , the general assembly ca n't make resolutions on cases being dealt with by the security counci . 
  nothing binding can come out of it , but international law does support the legitimacy on acting on decisions by those willing to do so , on the basis of such a resolution . 
  commies did have the best anthems , this is glorious !, 
  east germany one was especially amazing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtv92wqyjfa ( and no wonder when they could get a guy such as this to do it http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=esecakdyawi ), 
  agreed , presuming there is political will - dept of which has repeatedly surprised analysts - there is far less risk now than up to now . 
  and printing money , ie even looser monetary stance , is definitely on the table . 
  they 've got a tltro in the works , and if that 's not enough , qe a def option . 
  even according to bundesbank its on the table , squarely within the mandate if needed , though ofc they 're not too keen on actually doing it . 
  i 'm not too sure even going all-out there is sufficient . 
  like pushing on a string , some economists say . 
  there will be some loosening up , but a true broad stimulus ? 
  i wonder ... 
  they would if serbia recognized it though . 
  it is fairly harsh . 
  but otherwise , kosovo will never enter . 
  one way or another , the borders of a country should be settled before joining . 
  cyprus should be a lesson there .
