no chance ; they 're much too far from it . 
  not even a candidate country , let alone negotiating . 
  none of those that are already doing all that is expected to be ready by 2019 at lest . 
  and they 've got unresolved borders - transnistria . 
  6 years ? 
  no chance . 
  they should 've really given him more , perhaps we would n't have gotten the prohibitionist tobacco products directive then . 
  as if we 're speaking about some french privilege . 
  support for the continuation of the uk rebate is quite thin , for it is bending the budgetary rules just so they come up better for the uk . 
  its not just a french attitude ; germany caps its contributions to paying of uk 's rebate , as does a few other net contributors . 
   but they never actually get rid of it . 
  of course they wo n't get rid of it , ever ; most countries support subsidizing farming , and hence the continuation of cap as a non-trade-war way of doing it within the common market . 
  as to the ftas , again i do n't believe anyone would be against the uk signing one with the eu , should it leave . 
  whether you prefer this is simply up to you . 
  hah ; good one ; i think it just means the country was running a deficit often enough . 
  though the revenue/expenditure ratio of non-eea migrants prior to 2001 is some 10 % worse than that of the natives . 
  not counting the savings on not needing to educate them to the qualifications they 've brought . 
  and presuming they pay the average , rather than the marginal price of public goods ... . . 
  given that the third article here linked gives a third number ( 20b for total eu ) , seems dubious enough to simply go for the paper itself : http://www.cream-migration.org/files/fiscalej.pdf ten countries joining the eu in 2004 are called a10 . 
  difference is in the period it seems , and when the immigrants in question came . 
  numbers cited in this article come from pg 25 , which refers to table 6 on the following page . 
  panel a is for the period of 1995 - 2011 , numbers are natives : -591.491 b , eea : 4.425 b , non-eea : -117.968 b. 
  this is counting the overall cohort of immigrants . 
  panel b is for the period of 2001-2011 and here we have the distinction : natives -616.529 b , recent a10 is 4.961 b , recent other eea is 15.255 b , recent non-eea is 5.207 b , where recent means people arriving after 2001 . 
  this is under the assumption that immigrants pay the average cost of public goods , rather than the marginal cost thereof , which gives more favorable results . 
   up until 2000 , the relative fiscal contribution of natives was larger than the contributions of either eea or non-eea immigrants . 
  however , since 2001 , eea immigrants have not only consistently had a higher revenues/expenditures ratio than natives but have often made positive fiscal contributions even in years when the amount of public expenditure on natives has been larger than natives ' fiscal payments . 
  on the other hand , the fiscal contribution of non-eea immigrants is slightly negative in all years , although the difference between their net cost and that of natives has been closing over time . 
   overall , therefore , the figures suggest that immigration since 2000 , in particular from eea countries , has helped reduce the fiscal burden for native workers and contributed to reducing the uk 's fiscal deficit anyhow , there 's 50pg of that boring literature , feel free to dig further . 
  `` is hoping to rise again '' would be more apt , given that the article is about a newly founded marginal party with no mindshare ( as of yet ) . 
  never heard of them . 
  poor-eea impact is linked on the top of the current front page `` immigrants from the 10 countries which joined the eu in 2004 contributed more to the uk than they took out in benefits , according to a new study . 
  they added # 4.96 bn more in taxes in the years to 2011 than they took out in public services . '', 
  well , they can ask for an extension - but it can be refused . 
  and they can stay if they demonstrate they 've got money to support themselves . 
  and the country can certainly take proportional steps so that the migrants do n't abuse its welfare system . 
  and eea migrants are far fewer than non-eea migrants , which are a national matter . 
  and trying to limit the former further is legally fairly impossible in comparison . 
  it is worrying how far removed national discourse on the matter can be from reality . 
  qmv too requires a majority ( 55 % actually ) of member states voting for a proposal for it to pass . 
  in terms of blocking tyranny of the majority population on minority of states it is strictly stronger . 
  is n't this doubly wrong - one that the qmv will revert to the old procedure at the request of any member state untill 2017 - so no actual change of power happens yet ( edit eg . 
  mentioned here : http://europa.eu/legislation_summaries/institutional_affairs/treaties/lisbon_treaty/ai0008_en.htm ) , and two that this in fact makes council less dominant - and eu legislative in total more productive , for agreement there is currently far more difficult to find than with qmv ( random coalition having the requisite majority being a ~ ~ 1 in 20something event currently vs 1 in 4 with ~ ~ qmv - i think some numbers such as those ; it was back in the mid 2000s i read on the matter edit - article mentiones this , did n't see ; and prob has better numbers - says 2 % - ie 1:50 vs 12 % , around 1:8 ) . 
  so the tight compromise that can pass the council pretty much ties parliament 's hands . 
  which will no longer be the case . 
  right , regulation is stronger too . 
  but it should also in principle allow soaking up any losses of banking resolution and recapitalization between the various stakeholders , resolution fund and the stability mechanism , instead of necessarily involving the sovereign . 
  if the banking union was in place at the time , i presume they 'd have just had orderly restructuring in the banking sector without incurring any excessive debt , and a significant recession , but nothing more . 
  not really , who 's quite certain on unproved matters ? 
  convinced would be a better word . 
  and there are many kinds of agnosticism - whether it means you find either equally plausible , or perhaps you mean such matters are unknowable in principle - or it can be a more modest position that you personally do n't have any evidence for any gods . 
  frequent , probably overwhelming , reason for atheism is precisely lack of evidence , so its an agnostic stance . 
  famous example of such agnostic atheism is russell . 
  forecast itself http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2014_autumn_forecast_en.htm slides : http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/eu/forecasts/2014_autumn/20141103_autumn_forecast_2014_en.pdf, 
  no , if its a just limited free trade agreement . 
  yes if it implements the bulk of the acquis . 
  that 's my guess at least , for that 's how other countries have been treated up to now ; is it like canada and s.korea or like switzerland or norway ? 
  no , but you 'd still need to implement free movement of workers , like any other eea country . 
  introduce marriage equality :d, 
   der spiegel reported that mr cameron was now looking at a plan to stretch the eu rules `` to their limits '' in order to ban migrants who do not have a job , and to deport those who are unable to support themselves after three months . 
  right finally some sense from the guy in this matter . 
  that would be entirely up to the british authorities , and he can ( and allways could ) do that at will . 
  all that 's protected is a 3month period to look for a job , unless you can demonstrate you can support yourself otherwise . 
  if anyone desired the uk to stay , it was germany . 
  they need their votes on free market . 
  uf that 'd require some fairly detailed reading of the treaty , but its quite obvious - aquius is fairly huge , most of it harmonizing market regulations . 
  treaty much less so . 
  its simply a matter of the level of integration of the market achievable . 
  especially in non-tariff barriers to trade . 
  having many different regulations and standards , or administrative procedures makes life difficult for producers and exporters and limits the level of integration . 
  import procedures , however streamlined due to a fta agreement , still make foreign goods less competitive . 
  and possible discriminatory treatment of cross-border service providers is a fairly subtile matter , not solvable by a signature . 
  single market harmonizes huge swats of such law , and has a high authority that persecutes noncompliance and creation of covert barriers or local business favoritism . 
  it has some common regulatory bodies , such as the european food safety authority imposing the same regulatory standard . 
  vat functions across state borders while internal taxation might otherwise make foreign products more expensive . 
  it also has a focus and budget for creation of interlinks of physical infrastructure ( highway , rail freight , shipping , now energy interlinks etc ) . 
  further , treaty is static , while european single market continues to harmonize further areas ( eg single market acts i & ii in the last couple of years ) , be these recognised holes , or truly new areas of regulation ( eg novel products , say in financial services or the digital economy ) idk and hope its not necessary to compare the bulk of aquius and a particular free trade agreement in search for holes and discrepencies , but i think you get the drift of the kind of things involved . 
  you 'd be surprised to find out that being a net contributor to the ( anyhow marginal ) eu budget does not give you any extra say on the content of the treaties . 
  unanimity rather is required . 
   blair gave away half our rebate on a promise that something would be done about cap , and nothing happened rofl , do n't tell me he sold that line domestically ? 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4537912.stm this gives the number of 20 % and obviously it was n't for any opting out of cap , since its stated to remain unchanged ( albeit capped to the same amount irrespective of new accessions ) in the next bullet point . 
  this was also in response to french demands for removing the rebate completely . 
  now cap was indeed reformed ( again ) at the end of the period . 
  you think agreeing to a review of cap implies an agreement to lower it or exclude uk ? 
  if this is what he 's seeking , of course he 'll fail to get there in that manner . 
   the uk fighting over the cap certainly not . 
  it has done far too much fighting over this or that , and predictably it led it nowhere . 
   the reality is that if something 's a sacred cow to france and germany , nothing will be done about it . 
  certainly - cap wo n't be just scrapped for sure ; it has solid support - some uk exception from it is less unimaginable , but then you 're talking treaty change here . 
  not only france , you have to appease ( say ) luxemburg as well to get any traction here , for this requires unanimity , and ratification etc. 
  anyhow if that seeems unlikely to succeed to you - good this is kinda my point ; changes to movement of workers are significantly less likely . 
  cap at least knows exceptions - eea nor switzerland include cap , nor fisheries , yet even there free movement of workers is mandatory . 
  its just that most eu member states are n't that bent on having the uk stay . 
  i read majority of french would prefer it leaves regardless . 
  generally eu membership has a fairly clearly defined set of characteristics . 
  now a country here or there has some limitations to its participation . 
  uk membership is already quite anomalous by the amount of its nonparticipation . 
  and it desires to thin its connections further . 
  at some point one simply stops and thinks - why is this country so very specific ; stay if you wish to be a member state and share at least some sembalance of typical eu membership , or if you do n't want to , just do n't . 
  basically membership is an internal uk matter and does n't really concern the rest of the continent .
