  and not much more has been done . 
  to the extent anything has been done by anyone , which really is n't much , the bulk of the sting are those puny eu sanctions . 
  and further ones in the pipeline are the likely next step . 
  i 'll look up when anyone considers more than this or the military exercises well outside the conflict zones , and sometime in the future ... 
  what if the people they were harrasing answered with verbal aggression ? 
  fuck off , none of your goddamn business , suck my dick you extremist piece of shit etc ? 
  or with blasphemy against islam ? 
  if this managed to provoke violence , who would be at fault ? 
  i 'm hoping the fact they were approached and harrased , rather than acting so without cause could turn the tables in this case ? 
  with such agressive confrontation tactics such as theirs , a street scenario unfolding along such lines seems like a fairly probable risk . 
  or for a more substantive response - nobody was obliged to give any money to any of the countries . 
  it was even explicitly forbidden in the treaties . 
  so it was never a matter of approtioning the costs and the blame . 
  countries unable to finance themselves were free to go bust . 
  still are , if they dislike any strings attached to the money offered . 
  only , out of fear of contagion dragging theirown economies down in a catastrophic way , some countries calculated that offering this bailout anyhow will be cheaper than this risk . 
  i can not say what was the calculation in case of uk ; probably nobody but the people sitting at the table where this was negotiated will know exactly why they found it worth the cost . 
  so really anyone from any other country that participated in the bailout could hardly say what the uk should or should not have done . 
  it was its own judgement of what 's in its best interest or not . 
  huh ? 
  we were n't even in the eu at the time ... 
  and i undestood you perfectly - mayhaps you missed the context of the exchange . 
  the claim is the uk contributed to an euro bailout fund , and as among the largest contributors . 
  this is false . 
  not the claim the uk helped bail out some countries , but the claim uk participated in any euro bailout fund . 
  it did n't - initial bailouts happened outside any institutional frameworks , and the uk in fact never became a member of any euro bailout fund . 
  first one created was the efsf , as a temporary measure . 
  the esm was then introduced as a permanent euro bailout fund . 
  as to what you care to voluteer to pay for in a bilateral agreement with any other country or not , that 's really between you and your government , i have no reason to form an opinion . 
  exactly - bilaterally , not by contributing to any euro bailout fund . 
  let alone being among the largest contributors of any . 
  uf , no thanks , keep that mess on the other side of the atlantic :p german style upper house is both closer to what we 've got and a better system than having senators from luxemburg and germany with the same weight . 
  and i def do n't want a presidential system and consequent concentration of power in the executive . 
  on net contributions sure , you think it swung significantly ? 
  if so its a transient phenomenon ... 
  but uk certainly did n't become a member of the esm in the meantime , nor was it ever a member of the efsf, 
   it 's still one of the largest net contributors to the eu budget does n't really look like it . 
  certainly less than its economic size : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budget_of_the_european_union#net_contributors_and_recipients  euro bailout fund wow where did you get that ? 
  its not even a member http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_stability_mechanism, 
  fair point . 
  but on the list of individual election results , rarely is it that close either . 
  92 - 97 major would be something like that , majority raising from 21 to 71 . 
  transnational district , german-style election of the commission president in the parliament with only constructive nonconfidence to remove him/her , so no national nor council nominations or confirmations , and removal of all unanimity voting including from treaty revisions . 
  if i can get a few more , single election law for the european parliament with open lists and modified sainte-lagu\u00eb single-district proportionality , lower qmv in the council to 50 % states and 50 % population , ( mostly ) huntington-hill proportional parliament rather than much degressive proportionality , and direct initiative for the parliament . 
  however popular and positive the last one may seem , if the government were from the parliament in particular , should n't make much of a difference . 
  unlikely for this to change much in the military power , such as it is , of europe . 
  imho we need to take care of european defense ourselves , minus the full mad part , nobody has enough nukes for it but usa . 
  we 've got the instruments to do so , we 've got the military numbers to do so , only spend them stupidly ( i forget the numbers , but i think it was a third of us expenses for the effect of less than a tenth of its army ) ; now its a matter of having the courage to use these instruments . 
  enhanced cooperation in defense , permanent structured cooperation in defense , additional treaties if needed , etc. 
  perhaps this cold war 2.0 situation helps kick the politicians on track . 
  sure - nobody is suggesting that any place at odds with the voting patterns of the rest of the country should generally declare independence . 
  nor would this actually happen . 
  even when the current country will take to a local referendum to settle the matter of its territory - most would n't be ready for this step at all - this surely wo n't even come to that stage unless the desire for independence is already entrenched , persistent and strong . 
  just that a population already feeling of distinct identity would find their lack of representation in governance , and a persistent divide in the political culture , an additional incentive to push for it . 
  i think it will end up working just like you expected . 
  some sacred cows need to be slaughtered first ( eurobonds , countercyclical transfers of some magnitude etc ) , and the economies need to adjust for a bit longer to integrate sufficiently . 
  apparently just as much , if this is to be trusted - http://wingsoverscotland.com/why-labour-doesnt-need-scotland/ or just the money plot : http://wingsoverscotland.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/samaritans1-460x325.jpg barely ever have they influenced the choice of government anyhow . 
  apparently it never grew during the summer months since 2008 : tfa '' its first quarterly expansion since the start in 2008 of a crippling recession ... '', 
  article reports a quarterly growth in the gdp , first time since the start of the crisis . 
  the title reports greek economy rising . 
  rise means growth . 
  if you 're finding it misleading , you need to work on your english ... 
  if you have a substantial objection to the claim , make it rather than baselessly whining about the title . 
  july-september period is mostly done , this is not a prediction , just a preliminary calculation . 
  gdp numbers come with quite a delay but they can have indicative numbers in near-realtime . 
  that 's what the article is reporting - its looking decent . 
  and regardless of seasonal adjustment , if this is the first quarterly expansion since 2008 , well there 've been other summers since then that failed to generate any growth , so still significant change . 
  if the last quarter 's numbers have been the slowest drop yet - and this is year-on-year , not quarterly , obviously all industries did n't die other quarters , but this is rather painting a smooth , if slow curve of bottoming out . 
  oh nice , i somehow missed that a reenty lifting body design was still being developed , after hopper cancellation . . 
  there really is nobody to take in this mandate . 
  maaybe some of the rest of the balkans , though these negotiations only just started . 
  text of the article says so itself :  while it is true that ** no country has realistic chances to become eu member in the next five years ** , several have candidate status ( turkey , macedonia , serbia , montenegro , albania ) and three of them are conducting accession negotiations ( turkey , montenegro and serbia ) . 
  iceland officially still has eu candidate status and has opened negotiations , but in fact has changed its plans and no longer seeks to join the union . 
  and turkey certainly wo n't , and serbia opened the negotiations this year . 
  so perhaps montenegro , which started in 2012 , a tiny country . 
  . . - so it does n't really seem like the workload would justify a heavy commission post . 
  merging it with another , like the article says is planned seems sensible . 
  all fair points , but fairly general in response to a specific counterpoint - i also think the lack of basic freedoms in a country makes mockery of any democratic choice it makes . 
  though , no doubt , putin was a breath of political fresh air to many russians destroyed in the transition , hating the taste of such westernization in consequence , and used to and comfortable with authoritarian rule . 
  but that does n't mean his grip on power would be as persistent or as strong if there was much freedom to present opposing views . 
  its a new rocket , only flew a few times , there 's space for improvements , esp in costs . 
  eg wiki states :  commercial launch cost have been estimated at $ 32 million including arianespace 's marketing and service costs or $ 25 million for a rocket alone , assuming launch rate of 2 per year . 
  by increasing flight rate up to 4 per year price of an each individual launch vehicle will drop to $ 22 million ... our belief is that we can charge up to 20 percent more per launch than our biggest competitors and still win business because of the value we provide at the space center here and with arianespace and apparently a vega + arianne competition to soyuz was in the works before this was just bought :  there was a concept study for a new medium-size launcher based on vega and ariane 5 elements . 
  this launcher would use an ariane 5 p230 first stage , a vega p80 second stage and an ariane 5 third stage using either storable or cryogenic fuel . 
  [ 24 ] the addition of soyuz to the arianespace launch vehicle lineup removed momentum from this initiative i guess this could be reactivated . 
  good points re uncertainties with the contracts . 
  ahh , i thought it was a slow industry , couple of years should n't be too harmful . 
   soyouz we 've got the vega for small loads , and ariane for big ones . 
  and ofc we 've got the best launching spot right on the equator thx to french colonialism  would be great if this situation was some impetus to close the gap in the mid-sized range as well . 
  though the me evolution of ariane 5 is pretty good at dual launches , can put them in separate orbits thx to the new vinci engine , which gives a similar capacity per satellite to soyuz . 
  bigger , cheaper , more flexible and due to come online in 18 ' . 
  good enough i think . 
  a ( tiny ) carrot to go with the stick is not too bad a tactic either . 
  and will the dust even settle ? 
  or maybe we get just a cold war v2 .0 ? 
  well , power of the earth really . 
  uranium etc keeps us nice and molten-core and no hydrogen bombs were thrown on japan : nitpick :, 
  there are no `` no no '' countries . 
  anywhere in eu or efta members . 
  hell , even i can go to sweden , and we 've barely become a member state .
