  the guy could not manage to write a proper report after my car was hit by somebody . 
  all my other interactions with the police have been very pleasant . 
  yes , it is . 
  they only take into consideration what your parents make , your own savings and what you make if you have a job . 
  after four semesters you have to give them proof that you have completed an adequate number of credits to continue receiving it , but the grades themselves do n't matter . 
  shared regular flats with other students are really common , as are 1-bedroom-flats . 
  there are also dorms , but not a lot of them . 
  if your parents earn very litte you may receive baf\u00f6g . 
  how much you get depends on the circumstances , but the upper limit is 735 $ / month . 
  half of it is a loan , the other half a grant . 
  the loan part is limited at 10000 $ though , so everything above that you do n't have to repay either . 
  there are other possibilities like scholarships , but they are very , very uncommon . 
  i think i only ever knew one person that had one . 
  we do it in meetings of the voluntary firefighters and the riffle club ( i 'm giving myself away as a landei , are n't i ) as well . 
  probably some of the least academic enviroments i can think of . 
  there is some sort of prank . 
  my class build brick walls in front of our school 's entrances and had the teachers compete in all sorts of games to be allowed in . 
  we also get drunk , go into all the classrooms and scribble `` abi [ year ] '' on everything . 
  do other languages have a word for not thirsty ? 
  i ca n't think of one in english and spanish either . 
  maybe 2 times a month . 
  i pretty much only eat it in the form of minced meat in bolognese , drunk burgers or my mum 's sunday cooking . 
  about 200gr each time i 'd say . 
   nurnberg i do n't really get why so many people say that n\u00fcrnberg is beautiful . 
  it has some really pretty areas , but it can also be incredibly ugly at times . 
  how cringey did everyone think that was ? 
  i 'm traditional in my activities , but not at all in my mind set . 
   last , the have a yearly gay parade and have been pretty accepting of homosexuality for a long time , despite their old focus on religion ( which is not the case anymore , save for some minor population pockets ) . 
  again , i do n't think this sets them apart from other neighboring countries , but it should be pointed out . 
  that was such a happy surprised when i was living in spain . 
  not that germany is particularly intolerant of homosexuality , but spain was a whole other story . 
  in germany i would definitely get stares if i held hands or kissed a girl , in spain nobody cared at all . 
  my favourite band at the moment : von wegen lisbeth - [ wenn du tanzt ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2jrghbgeyw ), 
  having you guys participate seems unfair . 
  very common in the past . 
  all of the old ladies in my village still wear them everyday , but anyone younger than let 's say 80 generally does n't . 
  neger is still somewhat used where i grew up , even among young people . 
  i feel like less so in the last 5 years though . 
   ( 1,0 is best , with 4,0 or 4,9 , you have barely passed , but i do n't know which one it is :d ) 4,0, 
  28,80 $ and 10 years . 
  three times . 
  once when my dad had a stroke and the other two times when girls i was coaching in football got heavily injured . 
  i thought maybe you swedes have some sort of special crispbread that we do n't get here . 
  anyway , still pre-sliced . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen unsliced scripbread . 
  how does that look like ? 
  chips are very popular . 
  salty and paprika ones are especially popular , but there are loads of other flavours as well . 
  pretzel snacks are also very popular . 
  popcorn is more of a cinema thing , but you can get them anywhere for at home as well . 
  crispbread and cheese . 
  if they did the type of schooling that allows one to go to university they can just do go to un like any student fresh out of high school . 
  if they do n't then they would have to get those qualifications first or qualify for entry through other ways ( if they have certain professional qualifactions for example ) . 
  maybe like 5 liters a year . 
  almond milk though . 
  i do eat a lot of dairy products , if you want to count processed milk as well . 
  3kg of yogurt a week and maybe 1kg of cheese . 
   the crust is so hard and sharp that it rips the living shit out of your roof of your mouth and makes your gums bleed . 
  that 's the best thing about it though !, 
  if there could somehow exist bread with only crust then i 'd be happy forever . 
  i lived in mexico city for a year . 
  not a lot . 
  basically just bavaria and berlin . 
  i 'm actually going on a germany road trip for a couple of weeks over the summer with a friend of mine because we both thought that it 's ridiculous that we have seen much more of other countries than our own . 
  i can still very vividly remember how weird the next day was in school . 
  everyone was so quiet and somber . 
  it is . 
  i 'm still wearing my winter jacket . 
  we even had snow two weeks ago . 
  6-7 weeks . 
  we kind of all start at different times . 
  lower saxony and bremen are the first ones from the end of june until the start of august . 
  bavaria are the last from end of july until mid-september . 
  we also have a couple of breaks during the year . 
  1 week for all saints day , 2 for christmas , 1 for carnival , 2 for easter and 2 for pentecost . 
  mercadona is something i seriously miss about living in spain . 
  i think i have a new hobby . 
  prices where i live are roughly 1,50-2 ,50 $ for a shot , 2,50-4 $ for a beer , 4-6 $ for a mixed drink , 5-9 $ for a cocktail . 
  i usually spend something like 50 $ for a night out . 
  i do n't know that it is especially popular among germans . 
  you probably see a lot of us because you see a lot of us literally everywhere . 
  ca n't travel anywhere without there being some other germans . 
  personally , no real reason . 
  just always wanted to go and i have a lot of colombian friends who i have n't seen in ages so i could visit them again . 
  in my village there 's a man who adopted an african girl ( she 's kenyan if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  she is very well accepted into the community . 
  colombia, 
  [ bamberg ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=bamberg&amp;rlz=1c1chbf_dede742de742&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiuyomf-dbtahuewxqkhr6kcikq_auidcgd&amp;biw=1536&amp;bih=736 ), 
  what the fuck is that ? 
  i 've just been to rennes . 
  lovely place . 
  i call my mum by mama or mutter and my dad by papa or vater and my sibling by name . 
  my grandparents by oma ( grandmum ) and opa ( granddad ) . 
  my uncles and aunts by onkel/tante name ( a lot of people i know also just call them by name ) and my cousins by name . 
  same for me . 
  i was told later that day by other people who did feel it that there was an earthquake , but i had no idea . 
  did n't feel anything at all . 
  happened in spain though , not in germany . 
  i 'd pick everything up so the cleaner does n't have to spend their time on doing that and can instead do more of the other tasks that i hate much more . 
  the occasional beer at 14 , anything else 15 .
