  i think that i might be either slightly too old or slightly too young for it . 
  i do n't know if reenacting is the right term for what it is as it is more like a play , but close to where i grew up they replay a battle that happened during the hussite wars every year . 
  in general stuff like that is usually about the middle ages . 
  there are markets with a middle age theme for example and for some time during the year there is a middle age camp where showmen are living like people lived at the time . 
  again , not sure if that is what reenactment is . 
  i only know about the term from american tv and what happens here is different to what it looked like there . 
  sure . 
  i already have my regional and national identity . 
  i do n't see why adding a third layer would change things . 
  german , english , spanish and french in order of fluency . 
  is cu\u00e9ntame actually good ? 
  i 'm looking for something to watch to not forget my spanish . 
  what is that lonely noodle doing there ? 
  i live right next to a park . 
  it 's very much appreciated , but right away i 'd assume you are trying to scam me in some way . 
  i know that 's the stereotype about parisians/french people , but i just came back from two weeks in france and everybody i met was very happy to either entertain my horrendous attempts at french or speak english with us to the best of their abilities . 
  f\u00fcrstenfeld here as well tbh . 
  hands down my favourite beer tent song . 
  eh , you 'd have to look very hard to find somewhere we did n't have bad history with . 
  what cultural background are you talking about ? 
  very easily . 
  hell , you can already tell if someone grew up 50km away within the region . 
  you ask for a `` halbe '' or a `` ma\u00df '' . 
  0,5 l or 1l respectively . 
  not super popular , at least in my circles . 
  travelling around europe is very popular , as are long backpacking trips through australia , new zealand , south east asia and to a lesser extent latin america . 
  visiting some places in the us is popular , but then it 's mostly only la , las vegas or new york . 
  i buy fruit and nuts from the turkish shop . 
  yes to both . 
  i could n't even live at home if i wanted to because i grew up in a very rural area and i wanted to go to university . 
  the cost of living is alright . 
  i just moved to a new flat and i pay 400 $ for 35qm right now . 
  before that i was living with 3 roommates and paid 250 for 20qm . 
  i still have the car i bought when i got my driver 's license ( again , rural region , you need a car there ) . 
  i would n't really need one now because public transport is quite good and i could bike everywhere i needed to be as well . 
  most of my friends do n't have one and do just fine . 
  if mine were to break i would n't buy another one for a while . 
  i pretty much only use it to buy water and when i 'm visiting my parents . 
  the oldest traces of settlement are 1170 years old . 
  the first time it was officially mentioned somewhere was 970 years ago . 
  same . 
  and i ate a lot of those when i was living in spain . 
  they are pretty common . 
  maybe less so in cities since there is n't enough space and noise can be an issue , but i ca n't attest to that . 
  i grew up in a rural area , so everybody had huge houses . 
  it 's also common for teens to rent a shed in the woods or the local fire brigade 's hall for parties if they do n't want to have it at home . 
  we did go to clubs and bars a lot as well . 
  the age limit for clubs is 16 here . 
  a lot of clubs themselves have a higher limit since they do n't want the kiddies in , but again not those on the countryside . 
  it seems a bit useless , but i also do n't particularly mind it . 
  mexico probably . 
  i lived in mexico city for a year and really liked it there . 
  my dad and grandfather are hunters , so we have some guns in the house . 
  i do n't hunt myself , but i was a member of the local shooting club when i was younger . 
  i think it depends a bit on the university , but the bachelor grade is generally the most important aspect . 
  it often decides how easy it is for you to get it . 
  for example , for my master if you had a bachelor grade better than 1,5 you were in automatically . 
  if it was between 1,6 and 2,5 you had to write an motivational letter and have an interview . 
  if it was worse you were n't accepted . 
  usually there are also credit requirements . 
  in my master for example they required 60 ects of economical classes and 20 ects of methodical classes . 
  sometimes other requirements like an internship , experience abroad , certain qualifications , etc might be taken into account as well . 
  on one of my last flights my id was n't even checked once . 
   you will generally not face multiple choice questions for example :d what did you study ? 
  a good 3/4 of my exams were at least partly made up of a multiple choice part . 
  i 'd actually argue those are much harder than open questions because they are usually with minus points for wrong answers and that can fuck your results right up . 
  some pictures from roughly my area : [ 1 ] ( http://www.oberpfalz-luftbild.de/nord/steinbuehl.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( https://www.ramasuri.de/wp-content/uploads/2011/08/152515_r_by_agp_pixelio.de_.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://www.oberpfalz-luftbild.de/ost/kalmreuth2.jpg ) a pretty typical [ village ] ( http://www.oberpfalz-luftbild.de/f-west/nattershofen.jpg ) , although the one i live in is maybe a third of that size . 
  i ca n't say that there is a big difference with the people . 
  maybe a bit more traditional and the older people are more religious . 
  same for bavarian . 
  it 's barbaric in my opinion . 
  you live in one of the richest countries on earth , yet you let your citizens get into huge debts and destroy their future just because the fall ill . those two things do n't go together for me . 
  anybody suggesting a system like yours here would have no future in politics . 
  now , of course our system is n't perfect either . 
  the waiting times are alright though i would say . 
  it depends on what you need . 
  for anything that is an emergency or very serious you are seen right away of course . 
  if you just need to see your gp that goes really quickly as well . 
  i 've always gotten an appointment the same day . 
  there sometimes indeed are long waiting times for specialists as patients are generally treated on how urgently they need to be treated . 
  so for stuff that can wait you might have to wait a little . 
  ah of course . 
  now i feel stupid . 
  your mother who gave birth to you who is a whore ? 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  the overall topic of history for that semester was international history . 
  half of the time we did the history of the united states and then the other half the history of the middle east . 
  so we did n't just do the israeli-palestinian conflict , but also a bit about the region in ancient times , about conflicts between muslims and european christians during the middle ages , about imperialism and nationalism in the region and more . 
  either the reunification or something about israel and palestine ( ca n't remember how far to the present we went there right now ) . 
  i graduated it 2012 . 
  edit : it was indeed israel and palestine . 
  we got as far as 2002 . 
  is that the same thing as cider ? 
  it do n't think it 's popular at all among young people . 
  they only people i 've ever seen vape were middle-aged men and even then that number was very small . 
  what was the reason it took so long ? 
  no , but i was thinking about applying there after school , but then ended up applying for kulturwirtschaft . 
  i went somewhere else all together though . 
  i did a ba in economical sciences and am currently doing a msc in finance , auditing , controlling and taxation . 
  sooo ... all the fun stuff !,
