  from year 5-10 the grades are 1 ( the best ) - 6 . 
  year 11 and 12 ( the senior years that are important for your diploma ) it 's 15 ( the best ) - 0 . 
  not sure about the percentages , i do n't think there are any set ones . 
  in 11th and 12th grade it 's at least 13 . 
  the years before that it 's also somewhere around that . 
  the most was in 10th grade with 16 and the least in 5th grade with 9 . 
  we do not have advanced classes . 
  i guess our three-tier system already takes care of that . 
  so , in a way , all your classes are advanced if you are on a gymnasium . 
  somewhere in the middle . 
  we do just have math which includes all the different fields , but all the sciences are their own subjects . 
  we do n't really have a lot of free electives . 
  there is little choice on what subjects you can take until the last two years , but even then you have to follow some guidelines . 
  for example you have to take at least one science class and can choose between three that are offered . 
  we do have homework . 
  we use wood . 
  i just got home . 
  i was in a club . 
  i really , really should n't because my exams start next week and i should study , but i was just so annoyed and dancing always helps . 
  the wealthiest people i know are one pf my friend 's parents . 
  they both come from very wealthy families and most of their wealth comes from that , but they are both very respected and high earners in their respective fields . 
  i 'm not sure where there family wealth comes from . 
  they are good people to know . 
  i always get invited along on trips to their summer houses . 
  could n't say . 
  where i live ( nuremberg ) there are n't any or at least not in noticeable numbers . 
  i do n't actually remember seeing any the last time i was in berlin either , but maybe i just did n't pay attention or forgot . 
  the ones around the tourist attractions can be quite a pain though . 
  once one of the ladies with the rosemary in sol would n't let go of my arm . 
  i basically had to scream at her . 
  not really and thank god for that . 
  i lived in spain for a while and if i ever have to spend a night in a reggaeton club i 'm going to drink myself to death . 
  germans prefer sparkling water in general , but drinking plain tap water is very common in europe . 
  hunters do it if it is necessary because the animals ca n't find food otherwise . 
  my dad is a hunter and he did n't have to do any feedings in at least the last 10-15 years because the winters were always mild enough . 
  for me : elementary school ( 1st-4th grade ) : 60 students gymnasium ( 5th-12th grade ) : 700 students university : 40000 i grew up in a rural area though and especially elementary schools elsewhere have more students . 
  my apartment in the city i study has 16m ^ 2 . 
  i live alone there . 
  my family house where i live during the breaks has 300m ^ 2 . 
  we are 4 people there . 
  my family has been living in literally the same village since the 17th century . 
  a couple houses over from where we now live though . 
  i thought the christkind was always just a thing in bavaria ( all of southern germany ? ), 
  and austria ? 
  it still brings the presents here . 
  i found that many people here get a car/part of the money to buy one as well when they turn 18 . 
  might be a rural thing though . 
  you ca n't really live here without a car and most parents very gladly contribute some money so they do n't have to play taxi anymore . 
  i can place british accents fairly well and i can tell what country other english-speaking people are from , but not what region . 
  with spanish i can confidently place spanish people because i lived there for a while , but i could n't tell at all with other latin american accents . 
  health insurances recommend that you go to the dentist for checkups twice a year . 
  most people i know do that . 
  no idea if the visits are limited though . 
  do people actually call in sick on their vacation or is that just something that is legally possible , but noone actually does it . 
  i 've not yet started to work properly and my parents and other people i know never do that . 
  very common . 
  we call them walderdbeeren . 
  is n't he ? 
  i am actually from bavaria and i only ever hear people make fun of him . 
  even a lot of csu voters i know . 
  they just make fun of him , but then still also listen to him . 
  edmund stoiber who is a former minister president of bavaria . 
  he is well known for his nonsensical speaches , the most famous one being his ramblings about the transrapid . 
  i 'm not even attempting to translate it , but for anyone that speaks some german , [ here it is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f7tbowvveru ), 
  the scottish or the spaniards in my experience . 
  yes , but in my family noone actually uses them . 
  the doors are like 80 years old and only god knows where the keys are . 
  still a student , so not very many expenses . 
  barefoot . 
  my family wears houseshoes and i 'm going to die a horrible bladder infection death because i do n't, 
  my last name is very common in my federal state , less common in the whole country . 
  my mother 's maiden name is very uncommon . 
  the youth in my area usually joins other groups for stuff like that . 
  sport clubs are very popular , as are the voluntary fire fighters , shooting clubs and the catholic youth group . 
  fair enough !, 
  i just have never met anyone that was a scout or know of any scout groups in my area . 
  i have the impression that it is n't a widespread phenomenom in germany , but i might be mistaken because i grew up in a rural area . 
  vienna has a better music scene than berlin ? 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a thing everywhere . 
  i live in bavaria and here it is . 
  not everyone has one though . 
  only if you live in a small village and if your family has been living there for a long time . 
  i ca n't say how old the housenames in my village are , but some have definitely been around for over 100 years , probably much longer . 
  yes , it 's the same here . 
  a lot of my friends do n't have a tv . 
  i do n't either . 
  we have house names in germany as well . 
  only in old villages though . 
  oh they are definitely here . 
  definitely more bearded than shaven men around these days . 
  the smoking really surprised me . 
  funny how ingrained our smoking ban became in just a couple of years that it feels super wrong seeing people smoke inside . 
  what 's wrong with our washing machines ? 
  they are the same as in other european countries , are n't they ? 
  a slice of crispbread and an apple . 
  not common at all . 
  not even any of the seriously rich people i know have one . 
  people just go to the local public pool or the lake . 
  i live at the german-czech border and people on our side do n't generally speak any czech . 
  i know a lot of czech people that speak german , but all of them also work here .
