  i just spend the time from 1pm to 4pm inside . 
  whatsapp . 
  facebook 's messenger for people i do n't know well . 
  that with the little girl is both really cute and really sad at the same time . 
  we do n't have any serious separatist movements . 
  amerika , usa ( with german pronunciation ) or vereinigte staaten, 
  why do you want to do a mba specifically ? 
  you could just do a regular master in a business field . 
  those are far cheaper and you would n't need any work experience . 
  there are a lot completely in english as well . 
  after elementary school we divide students up in three different school types depending on how well they do in school . 
  hauptschule and realschule end after 9/10 years , so only the students on gymnasium do an 11th and 12th year and are already kind of the high achievers , so classes within the school types are on the same level for everyone . 
  the subjects you have to take in 11th and 12th grade are : - math ( 4 lessons/week ) - german ( 4 ) - religion/ethics ( 2 ) - history ( 2 ) - social studies ( 1 ) - physical education ( 2 ) - foreign language ( 4 ) - chemistry or biology or physics ( 3 ) - second foreign language ( 4 ) or second science or it ( 3 ) - geography or economics ( 2 ) - art or music ( 2 ) - scientifc seminar ( 2 ) , seminars with different topics each year that are supposed to introduce you to scientific work for university - practical seminar ( 2 ) , seminar for career orientation and projects with local companies or organisations - ( other subjects if you have n't filled up the number of required lessons ) in math for example we do calculus , analytic geometry and stochastic . 
  i like the types of architecture in the first couple pictures a lot , but i 'm not a big fan of the half-timbered style . 
  we have that one as well in parts of the country . 
  it 's called fachwerk here . 
  tbh the far bigger risk is getting screamed at by agressive grandmas . 
  i 'm not sure if that can be said for us . 
  on the country side it kind of is like you describe that people stay at their parent 's house for longer , but it is more done for practical reasons . 
  usually the person who is going to inherit the house just keeps living there until it belongs to him . 
  other family members usually move out after their apprenticeship or if they get serious with a so . 
  from what i know people in the city tend to move out earlier . 
  at least that 's the impression i get . 
  i grew up on the country side , so i ca n't speak from experience . 
  dude , you 're mostly talking to people who 's native language is n't english . 
  maybe write in a way that 's more understandable . 
  the female versions of upper palatinatian , bavarian , german , european . 
  i live in nuremberg , but a lot of my friends went to regensburg to study . 
  regensburg is so much better to go out even though it 's not even a third of the size . 
  na , too complicated . 
  people would just butcher them and what happens with countries with different writting systems ? 
  primary school started at 7:15 . 
  lessons last 45 minutes and there was a break every two lessons . 
  ca n't remember how long does took . 
  20-30 minutes . 
  how many lessons depended on which grade you are in . 
  first grade was 4 or 5 a day , fourth grade was usually 6 . 
  high school started at 7:45 and ended at 12:50 on non-afternoon days . 
  there were two breaks , 15 and 20 minutes if i remember correctly . 
  there is also school on some afternoons . 
  5th grade was one afternoon , 6th-8th two , 9th and 10th three and 11th and 12th two . 
  usually two or three lessons again . 
  lessons started again at 2 , so school ended either at 3:30 or 4:15 . 
  during the two final grades school would sometimes start later or you 'd have free lessons depending on how your class schedule works out . 
  we do at my house , but only because some family members are hunters and are prescribed to hunting magazines and gun shop catalogue . 
  regular people do n't since they are n't allowed to buy guns . 
  all courses that i know want at least one or two years of work experience , if not more . 
  they are also really expensive here . 
  in what fields do you have degrees now ? 
  would just doing a regular master be an option ? 
  if you happen to be in the area ( because you 're in munich and prague for example ) drop by regensburg . 
  lovely little bavarian city at the danube . 
  it 's really pretty , they have an historic city centre , some roman ruins and surprisingly good nightlife . 
  [ schrei nach liebe - die \u00c4rzte ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6x9cei8wkbc ) [ hallo klaus - nickerbocker & biene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_aztbzdu_ww ), 
  you do n't even need to do that , just inform yourself if there are any areas you should avoid and use common sense . 
  i 'm a girl as well . 
  would i walk through the deserted park in the middle of the night on my own ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but i 'm not hesitant at all to just walk around night in general . 
  nah , it 's totally fine . 
  pukkelpop is such a cute word . 
  it really depends . 
  i 'm university-educated , as are all of my friends . 
  we all speak english fluently and are able to have proper conversations among each other or with native/other english speakers . 
  on the other hand , take my brother and his friends for example . 
  they all left school at 16 , live in a rural area and did apprenticeships in factories . 
  they could n't speak english very well to beginn with , but also have n't used it much since leaving school . 
  they would n't starve on holiday , but it does n't go much deeper than that . 
  i do n't know if the influx of english words does anything towards fluency . 
  a lot of the time words just get germanised . 
  not sure about fluency . 
  i 'd say a high percentage of the higher educated population is fluent , but a lot of people also leave school quite early and have little occasion to speak english in their daily lives . 
  most people under 35 will speak enough english for short conversations though . 
  by now , they should just give up trying . 
  make it into an appartment building for hipsters or an art gallery or something like that . 
  would probably go over well in berlin . 
  the afd is the most popular one right now . 
  they are in a couple of state parliaments and as of the latest polls they are set at 9-12 % would we have elections right now . 
  so they will most likely be in the opposition come september . 
  other right wing parties are of negligible importance . 
  i 'm so jealous of your ticket . 
  a bavarian wide one would be so nice . 
  we only have the local `` public transport area '' ( that is quite big to be fair ) , but only on the weekends and weekdays after 7pm . 
  yup , we had something like that . 
  a little school garden that the third graders take care of . 
  we grew different types of vegetables and then one afternoon cooked soup for the whole school with them . 
  i do n't care too much . 
  one common language is important , but beyond that it does n't matter . 
  ideally though somebody from within the eu/schengen so we would n't have to worry about visa and stuff like that . 
  funnilly enough i know an austrian girl who had to come to germany to study medicine because she did n't do well enough in the entrance exam there . 
  the first case i ever came across where it was the other way round . 
  it 's the law that you have to be treated the same as citizens anyway , but non-eu foreigners do n't have to pay fees either . 
  one federal state , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , is planning on implementing fees for non-eu foreigners again , but i do n't think the law has passed yet . 
  so as of now it 's free to study everywhere for everyone . 
   state-wide ticket i wish . 
  same thing basically . 
  `` last name '' or just `` hallo '', 
  oh no , not doubting you . 
  the local fh offers a completely english bachelor program as well . 
  they are just much , much rarer than german ones or even english master programs .
