  i 'm nor sure how widespread it is in general on the other side of the border . 
  ah , my mistake . 
  i thought you were saying that the party voted for gay marriage . 
  where are you from that it is n't reported in mainstream media ? 
  here it definitely is . 
  it 's worn a lot , but not as casual wear you wear in your regular day-to-day life . 
  it 's something for festive occasions . 
  if local clubs like the fire fighters or the shooting club have festivals for example , town hall weddings , christenings , the yearly festival of the church saint that every parish has , stuff like that . 
  i probably wear my dirndls at least once a week , but usually more often from spring to fall . 
  i live in rural bavaria . 
  most of them did n't actually . 
  only about 25 % . 
  all the time . 
  i live in a neighbourhood with a lot of middle eastern immigrants . 
  i think madrid might be a good option . 
  maybe , though he lived in russafa which i think is quite involved in the whole thing ? 
  though maybe we always came home a little before 8 and then were already dead asleep by the time it happened . 
  i visited a friend for a couple of days in valencia last year during the fallas and it was such a great time . 
  though i 'm surprised we did n't see or hear any of the music in the morning . 
  that was usually around the time we got home from going out so i 'm not sure how we could have missed them . 
  as others have said , you do n't really get a choice . 
  it would also be incredibly stupid to not learn english if you want to have any sort of career in business . 
  as an eu foreigner you are treated like the citizens of the country in education matters . 
  some countries have no tuition for masters , some have small fees , some are very expensive . 
  it depends on were you want to go . 
  our day is tag der deutschen einheit on 3rd of october which commemorates the reunification . 
  it 's a public holiday and there is one official celebration in a different city every year , but people do n't privately celebrate it at all . 
  depends on if grandma edeltraud from up the street counts . 
  no , of course not . 
  we barely celebrate our own national day . 
  [ here 's one from nuremberg . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krjpweqxdrc ), 
  well , we have to learn more than one foreign language in school , so we do n't get much choice . 
  i had to learn three and also did a fourth one because i wanted to learn spanish . 
  besides that i 'm still pursuing it after school because it 's an interest of mine . 
  people see it as something that is necessary , but of course will still complain about them . 
  latin is commonly taught in schools ( in gymnasien ) . 
  it is getting more and more unpopular though and students choose other languages instead . 
  we only learn to translate it though , not to speak it . 
  in 6th grade we went on a skiing trip to austria , but i ca n't remember where exactly . 
  in 9th grade we went on an exchange with a swiss french school and went there for a week . 
  we mostly stayed in the village of our exchange students , but we also visited geneva and lausanne for a day . 
  other classes did exchanges with czech , polish or danish schools . 
  and at the start of 12th grade it is tradition to take a longer trip ( 10-14 days ) and the teachers offer different ones every year . 
  my year it was ireland , andalusia or italy . 
  i chose andalusia and we went to seville , ronda , malaga and granada . 
  a lot of sightseeing and a lot of drinking on that trip . 
  the students that still took french during the senior years also went on trips to paris and stra\u00dfbourg because they had a super cool teacher . 
  no idea how common it is in america so i ca n't compare , but pretty much anyone i know with a garden i can think of right now grows something in there . 
  we have apples , strawberries , raspberries , gooseberries , rhubarb , redcurrant , potatoes , lettuce , tomatoes , cucumbers , carrots , radishes and zucchini . 
  hopefully tomorrow if things go well !, 
  that 's a weird name for h&m given that their clothes are so fucking huge . 
  i have 6 kebab shops within 5 minutes of my house . 
  deutschlandplatz sounds super weird as well . 
  we 've had a coalition between the center-right and center-left party from 2005-2009 and then again since 2013 . 
  if that is what you mean . 
  none of those would have police called on you . 
  depends on what i need . 
  for example , for just a scheduled check-up at the ophthalmologist or gynaecologist the waiting times can be quite long . 
  around two or three months at my doctor 's office . 
  if i need anything from them because of more urgent matters i 'm seen within a couple of days . 
  for anything my gp transfers me ( all issues that are n't urgent , but should be checked out ) it 's usually shorter . 
  for the gastroenterologist , neurologist and orthopaedist i usually have to wait two or three weeks . 
  as for surgeries , i 've only ever had one as an adult which was a scheduled , non-emergency surgery and i had to wait two months i think . 
  i personally have never had any super serious health issues , but whenever there was something in the family they were seen right away . 
  edit : where it really sucks is psychotherapists . 
  i 've recently been looking for a new one and waiting times of 4 or 5 months for a first consultation are n't unusual . 
  i 'd either do a backpacking trip around middle and south america or i 'd pick 9 cities all over the world i 'm interested in and then stay in all of them for a month . 
  same . 
  my mom loves asparagus and spargelzeit was so awful as a child . 
  we ate the stuff 4 times a week . 
  popular , but not a lot of people live like that . 
  my studentenwerk for example offers just 3700 rooms for over 60000 students . 
  not really a thing here . 
  universities are less the center of one 's life here than in the us i think . 
  we do n't live on campus or in university housing , we do n't have sport 's teams , most students are n't part of any uni club , etc. 
  it 's just seen as the place where you go a few hours a day to study . 
  similar as how you 'd see your place of employment . 
  the 70/80s maybe . 
  life for women does n't seem all that fun to me any time before that . 
  what way do you want to travel ? 
  the way i do it that would easily last me 3 or 4 weeks . 
  other people might spend that much in two days . 
  dienstbier has got the be the best name ever . 
  we do . 
  it 's different in all the states , but in bavaria it 's 5 tests . 
  three written ones ( math , german and another ) and two oral ones . 
  the subjects that can be choosen by the student have to include at least one foreign language and one subject from the social studies . 
  it 's a big deal , but not as big as for you guys i think . 
  the press will cover it , but the general public does n't care at all . 
  most people i know ( including me ) are still in the process of getting their masters at the moment . 
  i know very few people who have one , mostly because i grew up in surroundings where higher education is n't a big thing . 
  we had to learn them in elementary school . 
  the bavarian one as well . 
  i do not understand how that is even possible . 
  i lived in spain for two years after school and i felt so uncomfortable and helpless during the first couple of months because of my lack of spanish skills ( even though i had it in school for three years and knew the basics ) . 
  i ca n't imagine living like this for over a decade . 
  how well do the chinese students speak german in your programm ? 
  i study business and we have a lot of chinese students as well . 
  also lots of middle easterners , caucasians and eastern europeans .
