  the first time i was drunk was two days before my 15th birthday . 
  tequila shots and malibu if i remember correctly . 
  what was the unemployment before the crisis ? 
  agreed . 
  and kind of good that it has been so bloody cold lately so wearing my winter jacket still works for now . 
  i spent so much money on three seperate vacations over the last two months that i now ca n't afford a jacket i want to buy . 
   do kids/parents in less developed areas actively seek better educational resources in big cities/richer areas ? 
  ( this may apply more often but not limited to eastern europe ) to the extent of spending a fortune ? 
  it is very uncommon to send your child somewhere else for education . 
  i 'm sure it happens with super rich families , but in general the child would go to the school where it 's supposed to go . 
   as for western europe where world-class institutions situated , are there many who welcome the idea of studying abroad ? 
  what are some of the main destinations other than the us ? 
  it 's very common for german students to go to austria to study for example medicine . 
  a lot of subjects have a numerus clausus here , meaning that there is a limited number of spots for it and they start giving them to students from the best to the worst grades . 
  as medicine is really popular you need to have a top-notch high school diploma to be able to study it without having to wait for years . 
  whereas in austria they have an admissions tests so it 's easier to get into . 
  yup , also had a lot of south american friends while living there . 
  for any group activities i always planned on them being like two hours late . 
  i was living in spain for a while and had a lot of british friends during that time . 
  partying with them was definitely an experience . 
  like fuck , can those girls drink . 
  the punctuality thing . 
  not that i 'm even very punctual at all , the complete opposite really . 
  i do n't get my shit together and i 'm always late . 
  the difference i noticed when i was living in spain was that if i was 10 minutes late ( which i always am ) i 'd text as soon as i 'd notice that i 'm going to be late because i assume that people will be bothered by it . 
  whereas all the spaniards i knew still considered that as being within the range of on time . 
  not rare i 'd say , but also not suuuuper common . 
  i 'm female and used to play football when i was younger and in my 5th grade year in school we were 4 out of 50 girls that played football . 
  compare that to probably at least 90 of the guys . 
  it actually became a big problem later on when we were a couple years older and some girls had quit the team . 
  we often struggled to even get 11 players together , never mind the bench , and always had to drive super far to get to the teams we had to play against because there were so few of them . 
  the more popular sport for girls was handball . 
  might be different because spanish is a foreign language for me to beginn with , but i had a hard time with catalan . 
  reading is more or less alright , but understanding it did n't work at all . 
  and i just realised what you meant !, 
  i just did n't recognize the word written in standard german , becuase i 'd write it `` kruzediakn '' in the dialect . 
  actually had no idea that it had any relation to t\u00fcrken to begin with . 
  in that case then yes , we still use that . 
  when was it used ? 
  i do n't think i 've ever heard it . 
  i want to meet and be best friends with the person that writes mcmansion hell . 
  the only one i can think of right now is kruzefix/zefix which is the word for the cross with jesus nailed on it . 
  in bavaria we use it like fuck or damn , but i do n't think the rest of germany does . 
  we also do n't have majors , but seperate degrees for everything . 
  the most popular ones by number of students are : 1 . business studies ( 235k ) 2 . 
  mechanical engineering ( 120k ) 3 . 
  law ( 112k ) 4 . 
  computer science ( 103k ) 5 . 
  economic sciences ( 91k ) 6 . 
  medicine ( 90k ) 7 . 
  german ( 76k ) 8 . 
  psychology ( 71k ) 9 . 
  paedagogy ( 70k ) 10 . 
  electrical engineering ( 69k ), 
  the year after we graduated from high school we decided to break into the school to sleep there after a long night in the disco because we did n't want to wait for our rides to get us . 
   there was this one dutch girl that admittet that she is somewhat of a cleptomanic when she is drunk . 
  me too . 
  in my friend 's flat there is a huge collection of glasses i stole for him . 
  no big reaction at all . 
  whatever , it 's their business . 
  i ca n't relate at all , but i 'm from a rural region and it is n't uncommon here for young people to be involved with the church . 
  i knew of those words , but i actually had no idea that this is how they were used . 
  i 'm going to bring that back . 
  my grandfather of my dad 's side . 
  he died when i was little , so i have never talked to him about it myself and only know what my dad told me . 
  he was in the wehrmacht and fought at the eastern front , though i 'm not sure where exactly and in what capacity . 
  he also fought either in france or close to the border towards the end of the war which was where he was taken captive by the americans . 
  i also know that his brother died in stalingrad . 
  we learned some about the british rule in india in english classes , but nothing beyond that . 
  automatic transmissions are generally seen as a bit odd and for people that ca n't drive properly . 
  i live in two places . 
  in the city it is excellent . 
  i only use my car there when i 'm buying water crates , for everything else i use public transportation . 
  on the countryside it is non-existent . 
  you could n't live there without a car . 
  very late . 
  all my coworkers have their lunch between 11 and 13 . 
  in my family my parents always cook at home . 
  the number of times we/they go to restaurants in a year can be counted on one hand . 
  personally i probaby cook half the time , the rest is restaurants . 
  very rarely take aways . 
  i think it 's quite common . 
  i 'd say the vast majority of people i know have been outside of europe at least once . 
  the ones in my age range ( early 20s ) at least . 
  i have as well . 
  most of my friends do n't own a tv , i do n't either . 
  i live close to the czech border . 
  some schools offer czech , but it 's definitely not a mainstream subject . 
  you would n't need to know it in everyday life at all , but it 's an advantage on the local job market . 
  a lot of companies here either do business with the czech republic , have branches there or a lot of czech employees in the german offices . 
  the czech people definitely speak better german than we do czech though . 
  we start the day by having breakfast with the things that were blessed in church the day before ( ham , bread and eggs ) , then my family goes to church . 
  later we have a festive lunch ( no specific tradition , just some sort of roast ) , then go to my grandma for coffee and cake . 
  we/the easter bunny also hide easter nests filled with sweets and little toys for my smaller cousins to search for . 
  later on i 'm going out partying with my old friends from high school at the local disco where every young person is going to be . 
  easter is fairly large and at least in my region ( rural and religious ) everybody celebrates it properly . 
  not sure how it is elsewhere . 
  friday and monday are also public holidays . 
  i personally do n't know anyone that is actively using it . 
  in general it seems like it is mostly a thing for brands and companies .
