  did you study in passau ? 
  i generally appreciate it as i want to get better . 
  of course , within a limit . 
  if i 'm unloading all my emotional shit on you because the guy i love does n't like me back or whatever maybe just let me be . 
  i correct people if i know they are here to learn german and would n't mind being corrected . 
  9-10am wake up , get ready , walk 20 minutes to uni , have classes until like 5 or 6pm , go shopping for groceries , walk home , chill for a bit , make dinner and eat at around 8pm , do some uni work , do some exercise , do some housework , shower , have a midnight snack , diddle around the internet until 4am and go to sleep . 
  a couple of times a week i have work as well and either my day starts a bit earlier and i arrange stuff around or i do n't have uni at all . 
  every thursday and tuesday usually i meet my friends to go out dancing or just chill in a bar and ditch all the evening stuff . 
  no , i 'm not even sure if most people know it . 
  we call you amis when being colloquial . 
  from spain , oreja a la plancha ( fried pig ears ) . 
  i do n't think i 've ever eaten anything that tasted as good . 
  in nuremberg about 400-500 for a 1-bedroom . 
  our tap water is very good quality , but i do n't actually know anyone who drinks it . 
  everybody buys ( mostly carbonated ) water . 
  same here . 
  cheaper or as cheap as . 
  i forgot which one . 
  same for me basically . 
  i 'm very happy and fortunate that i was born in germany . 
  it offers me many chances and opportunities that a lot of people around the world are n't lucky enough to have . 
  however , that 's it . 
  i think it 's strange to be proud of your country . 
  to me that 's the same as being proud because it rained yesterday . 
  most houses in the are where i grew up are n't attached and people have huge gardens , so you do n't here anything . 
  in the city i live in now i live in an appartment building . 
  the sound insulation is quite good though . 
  i only hear them if they are screaming . 
  white sneakers are a thing here as well . 
  the adidas stan smiths for example have been very popular the last couple of years . 
  quite common , mostly for day trips and especially during the christmas market . 
  a lot of americans and other europeans ( according to the statistics especially italians , dutch , brits and austrians ) . 
  also a lot of asian travel groups . 
  we have social security taxes for health care , unemployment , old-age pension and care . 
  the way it works here is that both the employer and employee pay a certain percentage . 
  for health insurance both pay 7,3 % and the employee pays an additional bit on top of that depending on the health insurance company they chose ( the average is 1,1 % more ) . 
  i most strongly identify with upper palatinate . 
  bavaria , germany and europe as well , but to a lesser extent . 
  same . 
  we were supposed to have som sort of playful english lessons in 3rd and 4th grade , but my teacher did n't speak english herself , so we did n't do those . 
  i learned most from watching english tv or reading english books , but the only lessons i had were in school . 
  i 'd stay in my parent 's village . 
  it 's very remote , most of the inhabitans habv useful skills ( hunters and farmers ) and we have freshwater sources . 
  i 'd probably be safer there for much longer than in the city . 
  the internet is out maybe every 6-8 weeks . 
  usually only a couple of minutes though . 
  i do n't think i ever had a phone outage . 
  what i learn from this is that i do n't pay enough attention to my surroundings . 
  i should have seen like 25 more . 
  i think i saw it while on the road from madrid to salamanca . 
  so there are more all over the country ? 
  i did my abi in 2013 . 
  it 's probably very different from school to school and of course from state to state ( i 'm in bavaria for reference ) . 
  if i remember correctly then that course in 7th grade was something our biology teachers organised because they wanted us to do it , not because it was required by the government . 
  the other years it was like that in the books/curriculum though . 
  usually either just tiny regular flats with a small kitchen space and an own bathroom or single bedroom with shared kitchens/shared community spaces ( sometimes with shared bathrooms , sometimes with seperate bathrooms ) . 
  he recently held a speech at some sort of afd function . 
  i found it funny that he still supports gay right . 
  what a very dutch way of being a right-wing populist . 
  i 'd say about 30-40 % of young people in my area smoke regularly and about 60 % occasionally . 
  we had it a couple of times . 
  in 5th grade as part of biology class we were taught about sexual organs , how sex works , stds , what happens to our bodies during puberty , how pregnancy and birth works and about the most important birth control methods ( condom and pill ) . 
  in 7th grade we had a two day course with a sexual education specialist . 
  pretty much did everything again and were introduced to all other birth control methods . 
  the first day the whole class was together , the second day boys and girls were divided up . 
  the girls got to ask question to a gynocologist and the boys to some doctor as well . 
  in 9th or 10th grade we did everything again in biology class . 
  this time from a more scientific point of view . 
  maybe it 's because i live in bavaria so we might be more similar to austria in that regard , but i would always mention the titles . 
  all the ones i know are lovely people ( mostly mexicans , guatemalans and colombians ) if a bit non-committal . 
  i drink a bottle of water . 
  no time for rituals as i 'm usually super late . 
  bachelors generally need to me somewhat related to the master . 
  not necessarily the exact same subject , but there is usually a certain number of courses they want you to have taken in your bachelor that relate to the master . 
  so for civil engineering other engineering fields would probably work . 
  you have to find out the exact requirements for the master . 
  at least that 's how it is in germany . 
  i assume it 's like that everywhere else as well . 
  how did you like it in denmark ? 
  i was thinking about maybe going there for my masters as well . 
  which one did you study at ? 
  i was actually wondering about that recently because whenever there are threads on subreddits with mainly american users like askreddit asking for tips for college students they always mention going to the office hours all the time so the prof gets to know you . 
  i do n't know anyone that ever went to an office hour without an actual reason and just to ask stuff about the subject . 
  most times i was there was because i was asked to be there to talk about the bachelor thesis or whatever . 
  so is that indeed just something that is n't done here ? 
  i thought that maybe it was just my experience because i studied a `` massenstudiengang '' . 
  i like the one in nuremberg a lot as well . 
  i 'm moving soon though and then it 's going to be more like 40-45 % . 
  5ish meters . 
  [ manuela schwesig , minister of family affairs ] ( http://www.ksta.de/image/1148106/2x1/940/470/f76dd9497f25187a410ca8d64c0d816e/qg/26062015-iv-schwesig-18-jpg.jpg ) [ christian lindner , leader of the fdp ] ( http://www.horizont.net/news/media/12/fdp-parteichef-christian-lindner-118869.jpeg ), 
  i think we are better off together . 
  germany works well as it is now , i do n't think it needs to be messed with . 
  also it would probably lead to further breaking down since there is often more than one cultural region within a federal state . 
  for example , should bavaria ever want to be independet i do n't think the franconians would want to stick with us . 
  i do however generally support the possibility . 
  if there is widespread support for independency in a federal state , they should be able to seperate . 
  yes , in spain . 
  i do n't think i ever experienced it in germany . 
  it was alright . 
  a very dry heat , so much more bearable than if it would have been humid .
