  they all speak german very well , except the chinese . 
  i 'm honestly surprised by how they manage to pass any exams . 
  i could n't say that i have any special experiences with them that i do n't also have with other nacionalities . 
  some suck , some i like a lot . 
  i studied business . 
  mainly because all the stuff i was actually interested in is n't very employable and business was the subject i hated least out of the employable options . 
  if i could choose i 'd have summer all year round . 
  at the moment we have around 30-33 degrees which i think is perfect , but i would be happy with anything above 25 . 
  i 'm from upper palatinate , but live in franconia now and it 's consistently 3 degrees warmer here than back home . 
  i was pleasantly surprised by that . 
  only fire drills . 
  we had them a couple of times a year . 
  as far as we could trace it back ( late 17th century ) just german and all from the surrounding villages of where my parents still live . 
  i have lived in spain for two years . 
  i loved it there and would definitely want to live there again for some time . 
  i moved back because i was there as an au pair and i wanted to go to university in germany . 
  i did strongly consider staying in spain for that as well , but then decided against it in the end . 
  our federal states can decide educational matters for themselves , so there is some variety . 
  in bavaria where i live it works like this : there 's grundschule ( elementary school ) which is 4 years and starts at age 6 . 
  after that students are divided up into different school types depending on their abilities . 
  on hauptschulen you can either get a `` regular '' hauptschuldegree by just passing the last year or an `` advanced '' one by taking special exams . 
  you can also do an additional 6th year and get the same degree as realschul students . 
  for both there are also special exams . 
  gymnasium takes 8 years ( soon to be 9 ) and students there graduate with the abitur which is the school leaving certificate that allows people to go to university . 
  the abitur is the combined grades of the last two years of school and special exams in five subjects ( written exams in math , german and a third subject and two oral ones ) . 
  there are also additional types of schools that allow students from the lower school types to get their abitur later on . 
  the system is similar in the other federal states , but there are some differences . 
  some for example have gesamtschulen which do n't divide up the kids into the different school types and in some elementary school takes longer . 
  both . 
  we started with british english , but were always taught the american expressions and pronunciation as well . 
  later on it depended on what version the teacher that year prefered . 
  the older ones usually used british , the younger ones american english . 
  26 and 47 when they had me . 
  i do n't use any ice at all . 
  i hate cold drinks . 
  mine is about 2km . 
  takes me either 20 minutes to walk , 6 minutes to bike or 15 minutes by bus or tram . 
  i usually walk . 
  i 'd say it 's very common to have a commute more than 20km . 
  do you have spezi as well in austria ? 
  not that one , but a lot of other astrid lindgren books . 
  her stories are very popular here . 
  not that much difference i 'd say . 
  if i have n't spoken in a while i need a bit of time to get into it , but after half an hour i 'm fine . 
  choosing latin first was actually quite popular at my school . 
  about a quarter of 5th graders did so . 
  i frequently find d-mark lying around my grandparent 's house . 
  sometimes it seemed like they stored all their money in books . 
  i personally have never bothered to exchange it , but i 'm sure someone in my family did . 
  they can be exchanges at the central bank . 
  spanish people always think i 'm french because apparently i have a french accent when speaking spanish . 
  other than that i only ever get german . 
  sure , i guess i should have said a standard german accent . 
  i ca n't speak proper standard german and always sound very bavarian . 
  i ca n't even speak german with a `` proper '' accent . 
  no way i 'll ever be able to do that with a foreign language . 
  personally i do n't have one , but my parents do . 
  same with most of my friends . 
  they themselves do n't have one , but their parents do . 
  middle eastern people especially . 
  92 % for the world . 
  the lesser antilles and oceania especially were a bit shit . 
  78 % for the us which i 'm actually very surprised by . 
  what federat state was the school with the no exams rule ? 
  that seems insane . 
  and what counts as a secondary subject in that context ? 
  i do n't , most people do of course . 
  i use spf 50 and am really outside pretty much only past 7pm . 
  i do sometimes get tanlines on my feet , but not this year so far . 
  i did 8 days in london the last time i was there and i could have stayed even longer . 
  there really is a shit ton to do . 
  you could probably spend a whole day in any of the big museums alone . 
  if you really get bored after a few days you could always just do a day trip somewhere . 
  i liked it a lot in brighton and oxford . 
  both were about an hour/hour and a half by train . 
  i think it 's difficult to compare different countries who might have very different systems of higher education . 
  a couple times a day driving around . 
  i live in a city . 
  madrid . 
  lived there for two years after high school and have been back a couple times a year since . 
  spain . 
  i lived in madrid for two years and miss it so much , so i try to go there for a week or so at least once a year . 
  i 've also immensly enjoyed almost all the other places i 've visited in spain . 
  where do you live ? 
  i have n't seen them . 
  they 're at least not a thing with the kids i hang out with . 
  it was at a supermarket and he was stealing all sorts of products . 
  i only ever had one colleague fired and that was because he was stealing . 
  franz for a boy and irene or valentina for a girl . 
  you guys are so touchy-feely . 
  people would just always touch me when talking to me , even if we just met . 
  not even in a weird way , just on like the arm or shoulder , but that took me a bit of time to get used to . 
  she 's very pretty . 
  once a day , sometimes twice if i can get myself to exercise in the morning . 
  178cm , so quite tall . 
  the average height is around 165cm . 
  i do n't think i ever saw a stray dog here . 
  stray cats on the countryside occasionally , but all cats here are outside cats , so it 's hard to say . 
  never saw one in the city either . 
  only once and not bad per se , just incompetent .
