us history is its own topic in history classes for a couple of weeks in 12th grade . 
  the topics according to the state curriculum are : - the formation of the american national identity in the context of the war of independence - manifest destiny and american imperialism in the 19th century - american intervention in europe during ww1 and ww2 - the ideological fight against communism during the cold war - fields of action as the sole super power in a conflict zone after 1990 we also covered different bits and pieces in english class every once in a while . 
  no way , i 'll expect that the majority of my money in my later years will come from private savings . 
  sure . 
  i also doubt that videa was true . 
  like no way people ca n't even point to asia on a map . 
  not exactly , but if you drive faster and have an accident it 's usually ruled that you 're at least partly at fault even if somebody else caused it . 
  i 'd say so , but i 've never driven on highways outside of germany , so i ca n't compare . 
  you do n't have to pay to use them and there is no speed limit . 
  the recommended speed is 130 . 
  i usually go every day or every second . 
  i 'm still really bad at planning meals so if i go less often i have to throw so much stuff out . 
  i usually walk to and from the grocery store unless i 'm feeling really lazy or buy a lot of heavy things . 
  then i use my car . 
  completely anecdotal , but all the iranians i know are very well educated as well . 
  lots of doctors . 
  i usually pay around 50ish euro . 
   tuntenhausen i 'm going to rosenheim with a gay friend of mine soon . 
  guess i 'm going to have to make a tiny detour . 
  i lived in spain for a while after high school and i was seriously considering staying there if it were n't for the bad job market . 
  i would still consider moving there sometime in the future if the circumstances work themselves out . 
  mine had 2 . 
  i do n't want any , but my brother wants a small army . 
  so looking forward to being the cool aunt . 
  i did as a sport when i was a teenager . 
  i get the impression that girls can drink whatever , whereas boys might get fun of if they order a very `` girly '' drink . 
  you should hear how the people hear talk about the one single mum in the village that employs a cleaning lady . 
  she ca n't even take care of her own household !, 
  what a failure !, 
  where i live people have huge gardens , but they take care of them themselves . 
  outside help is n't hired in general because what would the neighbours say ? 
  how it works here is that team sports do n't take place in schools or colleges at all , but in local clubs . 
  football being the most popular sport . 
  it 's basically the same `` system '' the pro-clubs are also part of , just with lower leagues . 
  so the sport is n't unimportant per se . 
  it 's properly organised , you have real matches , ranking lists , relegations , etc , but fun and socialising is definitely a big part of it as well . 
  pity that it is so expensive . 
  it sounds like a really good idea . 
  oh god please no . 
  who would that be ? 
  very similar to the english one we have `` hals-und beinbruch ! '' . 
  basically you wish for them to break their neck and legs . 
  i 'm friends with a refugee from syria . 
  i met him while going out with a couple of friends maybe a year ago . 
  we got chatting and he seemed a bit lonely , so we invited him to go out with us the following week and it went from there . 
  he 's a cool dude . 
  i 'm amazed by his ability to learn our language . 
  he was already speaking it not to bad when we met , but now he 's basically fluent . 
  i 've met other refugees through my university or sports club , but i do n't have much to do with any of them . 
  prost, 
  i would n't react in any special way . 
  it 's not unusual for people to learn german . 
  i played from 7-17 . 
  never had any intentions of trying to be a pro . 
  tipping is absolutely a thing here as well . 
  spain , italy and austria, 
  also , [ schwarz zu blau ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yphwzd1xaby ), 
  not sure if teaching english would actually even be a good option . 
  you could n't teach at regular schools because you would need the german state qualifications . 
  private language schools might be an option , but even then probably only if you have esl qualifications . 
  you could mostly expect stuff like bartending , working in kitchens , stocking shelves in supermarkets , stuff like that . 
  even then you would need some german in most places , especially in customer facing roles . 
  how old are you ? 
  if you 're under 30 you could come to germany on a working holiday visa to stay for a year . 
   going for a beer with on your first date is acceptable  is that not acceptable anywhere ? 
  never street shoes . 
  a lot of people wear house shoes though . 
  english , latin , french and spanish . 
  english , latin and french were compulsory . 
  i would n't have needed to take spanish , but that meant that i could quit latin a year earlier and i would have done literally everthing to not have latin anymore . 
  ] ( http://digiphant.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/dp_leberkassemme.jpg ) whenever i 'm abroad for a longer time the first thing i do when i 'm driving home from the airport is getting a leberkassemmel . 
  my region ( upper palatinate ) has 113/km ^ 2 . 
  bavaria as a whole has 182/km ^ 2 . 
  i 'm not a fan , but i generally do n't like soft drinks . 
  they are all too sweet for me . 
  i usually only drink it with alcohol . 
  they are very common in rural regions . 
  where i grew up pretty much every teenager owned one . 
  we do n't have any public transportation so if you do n't want to be driven around by your parents all the time you get a moped . 
  i once was on my way to a traditional party wearing my dirndl . 
  in the train statiom i came across a group of asian tourists who all wanted to take a selfie with me . 
  never seen them in any of the churches i 've ever been in . 
  after you have already graduated school . 
  you get your certificate sometime until the end of june and the application deadlines are july 15th . 
  the most important thing is your abitur grade ( high school certificate ) . 
  some courses take other things into consideration as well , like internships or essays . 
  the majority of them is in german . 
  depends a bit on yourself and how much work you need to do to get the grades you want to get . 
  there usually is n't any homework or stuff like that . 
  usually you either have an exam at the end of the semester or have to write a paper and/or give a presentation . 
  nobody cares if you work along all semester long or do nothing until the night before the exam . 
  there is no tuition , only a contribution for a sort of student union ( who takes cares of dorms , cafeterias , social services , etc ) . 
  how much depends , but should be somewhere between 50 and 250 $ / semester . 
  it usually includes a subsidised public transportation ticket as well . 
  if english is the original language i always read it in english . 
  i sometimes read spanish books as well , but then it feels more like studying because i 'm not as fluent in spanish as i am in english . 
  yes , three times on family holiday when i was younger . 
  side and alanya if i remember correctly . 
  well , we have elementary school and then the students get divided up into three different types of schools depending on their abilities . 
  i 'll talk about gymnasium which is the type of school that allows you to go to university .
