  the hra was simply a way of letting people have their echr cases be heard in british courts - without the hra presumably things would go back to how they were in the period from 1966 to 1999 , where anything that is contained in the echr but not the new british bill of rights would have to be heard in strasbourg . 
  fwiw , i 'm strongly against this because the waiting list for the court in strasbourg can be years , and it is easier for governments to ignore echr rulings than rulings from their own domestic courts . 
  yes it incorporates the echr into british law , but without it the uk still remains a signatory to the echr . 
  anybody who feels they have their human rights breached ( the rights laid out in the echr ) would have to take their case to strasbourg rather than having the case heard in a british court . 
  this was the case from the late sixties all the way up until 1999 . 
   no sane american leader would prioritize anything above ttip at the moment . 
  have you met this year 's presidential nominees ? 
  poor justin trudeau has nobody to talk to . 
  does the eu have a human rights act ? 
  are you sure you 're not getting confused with the european convention on human rights ? 
   ` tories want to leave the largely labour ~ ~ tory ~ ~ drafted ~ ~ echr ~ ~ human rights act and replace it with a tory drafted bill of rights ' you can still be a member of the council of europe * and * a signatory of the echr without the hra , as we were for several decades before 1998 . 
  we are not leaving the echr , as may said in the short leadership contest . 
  sorry , ireland could n't deport somebody because of the uk 's human rights act ? 
  who said anything about the european convention of human rights ? 
  this is about replacing the human rights act with a `` british bill of rights '' . 
  the uk was a signatory of the european convention of human rights ( and brits were instrumental in its creation ) long before the 1998 human rights act . 
  he 's referring to the first gulf warr . 
   yup 2015 it was the jobs market in 2015 was very healthy ( and it still is ) . 
  i think you might have meant a few years earlier . 
  your point still stands though . 
  lots of mod civil servants have been made redundant too . 
  careful not to mistake fair criticism for an argument to ban something . 
  fwiw , i think it 's disgusting , but i would n't have it banned simply out of principle . 
  fair enough - i 've heard of christiania before , but i do n't know much about it asides from where it is and that it 's an anarchist community . 
  thanks for the reply , 
  why do you say that - why is everybody so skeptical of isis ' claim ? 
  thanks for that - really is a good article . 
  france seems to have a lot of politicians that dip in and out over the years - in britain it seems that when a politician is finished , they 're finished for good . 
  thanks . 
  i have being looking at the polls , but only the ones for the first and second round of the presidential election , not any for the primaries . 
  presumably it 's party members only that vote in the primaries ? 
   that 's why she remained low profile throughout the referendum debate . 
  i think she remained low profile because she saw a political opportunity which eventually paid off . 
  had she campaigned vigorously for remain then there is no way that she would have become an acceptable leader in they eyes of the tory membership . 
  she positioned herself so that she was a strong and viable leadership candidate had the referendum gone either way - cameron would likely have been forced out after a slim remain win anyway . 
  osborne meanwhile did the opposite made himself a very unlikley winner because of the way he campaigned , regardless of which side won . 
  is juppe likely to win the ump nomination , do you think ? 
  that 's what i find so incredible about the eu top dogs weighing in on what britain 's post-brexit settlement will be . 
  by next autumn , hollande and rutte will almost certainly be out , renzi will maybe be out , and merkel might even be out ( though that last one is least likely ) . 
  are the lithuanian army and the british mod run by the same people ? 
  please mum , just one more year !, 
  the former . 
  there might be , but they 're just ad-hoc polls and are n't connected in any way , so i would be cautious about making comparisons between the uk one and this finnish one . 
  christmas is cancelled , kids !, 
  madrid 's commuter belt is on fire !, 
  i live somewhere where the number of pakistani and indian people could be counted on two hands , so i have n't seen the distinction first hand . 
  obviously i 'm aware that the vast majority of pakistanis are muslim while indians are more likely to be hindu or sikhs . 
  thanks for the roundup  the way you describe him reminds me of [ john prescott ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/john_prescott ) . 
  there are a lot of similarities . 
  there are a lot of indians and poles in the uk , but nowhere near enough to shift the numbers by any great amount . 
  just as an example , the last census put the percentage of indians in the population at 2.3 % , compared to 1.9 % for pakistanis - that 0.4 % gap can not explain the huge gap in attitudes towards indians and pakistanis shown by this poll . 
  i used to work on a factory line in scotland that was 75 % portuguese people . 
  they were nice people . 
  i do n't really follow german politics so i 'm not really familiar with your vice-chancellor , but this is the third story today that i 've read about him . 
  he really gets around !, 
  what 's the general perception of him in germany ? 
  i 'm surprised at the relatively neutral scores of the likes of india and poland . 
  considering they 're the two largest origins of immigrants to the uk , i thought that anybody that was in favour of reduced migration would want to see less migration from those two countries . 
  that 's about as non-objectionable a statement as i 've ever heard . 
  to be fair , a continuation of the number that entered germany would likely be unsustainable . 
  i knew a polish guy who had a daughter here in scotland . 
  i asked if he planned to bring her up with polish and english , but he said that introducing her to both would be too confusing and that they would only speak to her in english . 
  i was really baffled by that one . 
  really ? 
  lots of the leave campaign was about not only the competition for jobs that eastern european migrants bring , but also the strain on public services and housing . 
  remember that advert with the poor old lady having to wait her turn in a&e after all the immigrants had been seen to ? 
  if it were polish people retiring here then they would not be competing for jobs but arguably would continue to strain public services and increase demand for housing , so i do n't think that much of the immigrant blaming would go away . 
  everyone who agrees with me = normal people . 
  everyone who disagrees with = establishment . 
   did you miss something in the concept of a secular state ? 
  i read your comment earlier but did n't have time to reply . 
  to add to what / u/bardamuze said , the uk ( and scotland ) is very far from being a secular state . 
  the church of england is essentially the state religion of england , and our head of state is the head of the church . 
  the church of scotland is scotland 's national church . 
  our national anthem is `` god save the queen '' and on the royal coat of arms , often used to represent the country as a whole , is the phrase `` dieu et mon droit '' . 
  religious schools are often state funded and even in non-religious state schools there are often prayers , hymns and sometimes visits to church at christmas and easter . 
  there are unelected members of the church of england sitting in the house of lords . 
  i can completely respect the opinion that public servants should n't wear clothing that shows their religious beliefs , but to say that they should n't do so because the state is secular is silly . 
  well we have that in common then . 
  what 's good , the fall in revenue , or the effect it will have on the independence campaign ? 
  there are supposedly six female muslim officers in scotland , and apparently none of them wear the hijab even outside of work , so it 's not as if they 're the ones kicking up a fuss asking for the rules to be changed after joining under a different set of rules . 
  i do n't agree with you , but your views are consistent . 
  i was in my last year of school and would n't have noticed the recession either had it not been in the news . 
  france do n't even ask for information religious belief in their census , so i highly doubt they would ask it in a labour force survey . 
  not to mention that fishing even completely without regulation will only ever employ a relatively small number of people , and nowhere near enough to replace the hundreds of thousands of well-paid manufacturing , finance and professional service jobs . 
  as a scottish person , it 's a ridiculous fantasy . 
  why you would want to break off a 300 year union with one country , only to join a union with another country which would probably reject such a proposal anyway , is confusing to me . 
  well you 've just lost one big relevant one , so that should free up some space . 
  when people talk about the world being better or worse , i think that they 're generally talking about the quality of life and standard of living of people alone , not the wider environment . 
  i agree with you on the environmental aspect though . 
  in terms of society , the world has never been so good . 
  absolute poverty has fallen very quickly over the past few decades , war deaths are lower than they have been in decades or even centuries , more people have access to telecommunications , basic education , medicine , sanitation and electricity than ever before , technology has come on in leaps and bounds , and diseases like polio and smallpox have been wiped out . 
  afaik , we have had 2 successful islamic fundamentalist inspired terrorist attacks * ever * . 
  one was 7/7 and the other was the murder of lee rigby . 
  when you think about it , it 's quite frankly a miracle . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if immigrants were taking jobs that british people would have done , then how would reducing the number of unskilled manual jobs improve anything ? 
  all that would do would increase competition for the limited number of jobs available . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if immigrants were taking jobs that british people would have done , then how would reducing the number of unskilled manual jobs improve anything ?
