  all that would do would increase competition for the limited number of jobs available . 
  he 's saying that all romanians look the same - get him !, 
   not everything revolves around the uk you know . 
  the psyche of a significant minority of british people is that the world really does revolve around us , and it 's very sad . 
  when i posted this comment there was nothing in the british media , as far as i could tell . 
  i was discrediting and then agreeing with different things . 
  it 's wrong that the british media conspired to not report the sexual assaults in cologne and other cities , but it 's true that the police and possibly local authorities tried to keep sexual abuse of children away from the public eye . 
  true . 
  i think that has more to do with the police trying not to bring it to everyone 's attention than the press sweeping it under the rug though - not that that makes it any better . 
  thanks . 
  i did wonder why he was writing like that - i guess now it makes a bit more sense . 
  [ oh look , it 's the story on the liberal/lefty bbc , the day the story broke everywhere else in europe ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35231046 ) . 
  that 's certainly very possible , but the nice police should have their own evidence of a call . 
  unless of course you mean that the interior ministry would use their muscle to have the police department toe the line ? 
  nothing on reuters or the bbc - what 's that about ? 
  my heart skips a beat when i read headlines like this :(, 
  what are you seeing ? 
  all i 'm seeing is the country code in small text ( gb , fr , si , etc. ), 
   atacking an e europe country isnt realy much of a isis fatish if that 's the case then slovenia has nothing to fear inside * or * outside of the eu . 
  the policewoman claims that she was harassed over the phone for over an hour . 
  presumably if the conversation was when she was at work then the call will have been recorded ? 
  and even if she was at home then the phone log will confirm that the phone call took place , and for how long it lasted . 
  that either makes the policewoman a complete fool for lying , or the interior minister a complete fool for suing her . 
  you think a terrorist living in slovenia and planning an attack in slovenia would reconsider in the event of your country leaving the eu , and would then change their plan and attack france or the uk instead ? 
  that 's more than a bit unlikely . 
  do islamic terrorists have some particular hatred for the eu ? 
  i was under the impression that they just despised the west in general . 
  not being in the eu did n't prevent the murder of 3,000 people in a single day in america . 
  how would that help ? 
   but we brits do n't care if we need visa for europe . 
  speak for yourself . 
  that national geographic programme about the okinawa aquarium that i watched when i was about 12 has served me well . 
  i have no idea . 
  i only know that okinawa is the name of an island and also the name of the group of islands that it 's a part of . 
  i did n't have a clue about the shape or arrangements of the islands so just drew a few random blobs and hoped i would get away with it since 90 % of people will be in the same boat as me and be clueless . 
  the uk does have many south asian immigrants , especially in cities like london , birmingham , bradford and leicester . 
  there are very many non-british eu citizens here too though . 
  3 million of them as of last year , which is quite significant - 4.6 % of the population . 
  personally i do n't see the problem . 
  migrants , in general , contribute greatly to our economy , culture and public life , so the poles , portuguese and lithuanians should be allowed to continue to come imo . 
  you also unintentionally overestimated the intelligence of a lot of these racist dimwits who go out and harass and attack foreigners ; there have been many instances of attacks on asians , black people and even americans in the wake of the referendum , presumably because the shit-for-brains attackers genuinely thought a vote to leave the eu was a vote to send all immigrants home , regardless of where they came from ( several cases have been reported where the culprits literally have said things along the lines of `` we voted to send you back ! '' ) . 
  the only alternative explanation is that the culprits think that india and america are actually within the eu . 
  well you 're a charmer , are n't you ? 
  luckily my experience of other french people has been much better . 
  ca n't you be both a far-right extremist and of iranian descent ? 
  [ here 's my weak attempt ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pzi2qdf.jpg?1 ) . 
  that appears to be the case , but there 's no need to be aggressive about it, 
   also , there seems to be little desire for free movement in the ` anglosphere ' from countries like canada/aus . 
  probably for the same reason that so many british people do n't like free movement - because there would be an influx of poorer people ( brits ) into richer countries , though obviously the wealth gap is quite a bit smaller . 
  since you mention the isle of man , they passed same-sex marriage legislation today !, 
  my favourite of them all is the german community of belgium one - it 's stunning . 
  i could n't disagree more . 
  [ it 's beautiful ] ( http://static1.squarespace.com/static/5053ab9fc4aa9308485dacd1/t/50a72c99e4b02b289430ce06/1424950790638/scottish_parliament_edinburgh.jpg ) . 
  free movement within europe does not mean that you have to reject australians or indians - that is a conscious choice by government . 
  besides , it 's quite funny to see so many leave voters push for free movement with predominantly white commonwealth countries . 
  the hypocrisy is overbearing . 
  all of these people talking about europe sliding into choas ought to remember that dictatorships are not long removed from our own history . 
   they could anyone up there and get them elected . 
  as if to prove the point , they elected theresa may . 
  i 'm half joking . 
  the snp has a mix of some sensible and articulate politicians like sturgeon or angus robertson , and then the `` stick a yellow rosette on a donkey '' kind . 
   do n't listen to faceless buerocrats and unelected officials like merkel i hate to break it to you , but may was n't elected either , except as the mp for maidenhead . 
  instead , we just have people second-guessing what the electorate actually voted for when 17 million of them crossed the `` leave the european union '' box . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , the government have a mandate for one thing only - to remove the uk from the eu . 
  anything about britain voting for stricter immigration and less regulation , while possibly true , is completely speculative and politicians have no place to say that the uk spoke against anything other than eu membership alone . 
  i do n't think she actually `` granted '' may anything . 
  it 's a bad headline . 
  of course , everyone knows by now that the ball is in may 's court . 
  he literally said `` europe '' . 
  ca n't just weed out countries that are inconvenient . 
  i 'm not here to make any case about refugees , just to dispute very dubious facts . 
  why are you being downvoted ? 
  everything you 've said is accurate . 
  ireland 's growth is impressive , but that 26 % growth in one quarter is beyond unbelievable . 
  i 'm no economist , so i ca n't afford any explanation , but i 'd bet decent money on a very large part of it being artificial growth . 
  can you provide any explanation as to how a trade deal between one rich country and one almost-as-rich union of countries would be harmful to the incomes of the masses in either ? 
  second sentence seemed to imply that he/she was talking about refugees . 
  below 10 % ? 
  more like 1 % . 
  edit : there are 510 million people in the eu , and i strongly doubt that there are more than 5 million refugees here . 
  is n't the upper estimate something like 3 million ? 
  that hotel is one of the ugliest i have ever seen ( i was aware of it before ) . 
  most widely despised buildings are brutalist concrete contraptions , but i think they can have a certain beauty about them . 
  this on the other hand is just beyond hideous . 
  wtf is with those mock corinthian columns ? 
  i would be very happy if that were the case , but unfortunately you 're very wrong . 
  something we can all get behind !, 
   reddit as a whole is very left wing left wing on very particular issues . 
  largely left wing/liberal on legalising drugs , gay rights , climate change , the minimum wage , abortion , etc. 
  and right wing on refugees , immigration , women 's rights , tax , transgender rights , etc. 
  even if it is just a ploy to gain votes , it 's still welcome . 
  i wo n't heap praise on him for doing it , but if i was gay and living in austria then it might just tip the balance and make me vote for him . 
  if i was from another eu country then i would n't want to give the uk any special treatment either . 
  but because i 'm british i want the uk to keep full tariff-free access to the single market , for the sake of our economy . 
  i can completely understand it from your perspective though . 
  so the head of the eu commission is either an unelected dictator overriding national sovereignty , or a powerless nobody , and nothing inbetween . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i kind of wanted to go to belgium ( specifically brussels ) this year . 
  i think you might have convinced me . 
  sorry op , this is totally irrelevant , but `` frontex '' is probably my favourite name for an agency .
