  i think if you turned up at most councils with an envelope of cash and tried to get your planning permission expedited , they 'd laugh you out of the building . 
  fair enough , but the point still stands that when the population density is low , the police will spend a greater amount of time just travelling from one place to the other . 
  that 's a good point - you need more police when they need to travel 30 or 40 miles on a regular basis just to conduct an interview or make an arrest . 
  in scotland , the government had a manifesto commitment to increase the number of police by 1,000 ( to approximately 17,000 ) . 
  however , there were huge strains on the budget and so savings had to be found . 
  so what they did was lay off lots of police staff ( non-policemen and women ) and now instead of having somebody in # 17k doing admin work , a policeman on # 30k has to do it instead . 
  ingenious , do n't you think ? 
  maybe spanish tourist resorts have a higher number of police than regular spanish towns , but in tenerife , majorca , ibiza , etc. 
  i was amazed by how many police you see dotting about . 
  this map confirms my suspicion . 
  you could argue that somebody living outside of scotland actually has a * more * objective viewpoint , since they 're less emotionally attached to the issue . 
  for many scots ( including myself ) choosing between yes and no is a decision partly of the heart - i would say that for most english people , their heart is n't invested in it so much . 
  i do sort of get what you mean though - somebody from the south east is more likely to be against scottish independence based just on where they live . 
  and i had you down as a tory . 
  funnily enough , none of the french days end in `` y '' . 
  i feel like you understand the ramifications of scottish independence better than most scots . 
  sometimes simple is good . 
  personally i think it 's really smart . 
  the japanese flag is also just a red circle on a white background , and it 's a very popular flag . 
  i think you 're almost certainly correct , but the perceived voting intention of non-voters should never be taken into account , imo . 
  if they wanted their opinion to count then they should have showed up . 
  it 's all a bit pointless speculating on how people might have voted . 
  also of interest is that donald trump 's mother is now from somewhere dangerously close to mexico . 
  does that make me more spanish than you ? 
  it 's not hot here or anything - i 'm just lazy . 
  `` we already tried that '' - labour shadow cabinet . 
  poor faroe islands . 
  nobody forces anyone to listen to the credit ratings agencies - blame investors for taking their word as gospel . 
  i 'm sure our southern european friends are very happy for you . 
  m&s wear their paris branch as a badge of honour . 
  he 's doing significantly better in the polls than sarkozy . 
  probably best not to take campaigning advice from andrea leadsom . 
   more like a decade . 
  depends where you are . 
  in most western european countries plus canada , nz and australia , homosexuality was widely accepted a decade ago . 
  i just would n't come out at all . 
  crazy to think that a lot of the developed world took a similar view only a couple of decades ago . 
  russia is just barbaric as far as this is concerned . 
  it also has the [ unintended ] advantage of making sure your key does n't go missing in your room either - it 's always just there by the door . 
  not just a bit of electricity either - in a large hotel it must save an absolute fortune each year . 
  people are quite wasteful with electricity in their own homes sometimes , let alone in a hotel where somebody else is paying the bill . 
  i ca n't believe that so many countries have such long summer holidays - apparently there are parts of italy with a 14 week summer holiday . 
  that 's over a quarter of the year !, 
  used to six or seven weeks here in scotland , then we get two in october ( called the tattie holidays because children often used to earn pocket money in the october holidays picking potatoes ( tatties ) ) , two over christmas and then two over easter . 
  shame , you could use it :p, 
  i do n't think the person that was responsible for the counting fiasco last time was also responsible for applying the glue to these envelopes . 
  we 're not all like that in scotland , honestly . 
  i thought they were anti-immigration ? 
  for any non-brits who are n't in the loop , this guy was defence minister from 2010 to 2011 under the coalition government - he was forced to resign after it was discovered that his friend was passing himself off as fox 's official adviser and was accompanying him on overseas visits and attending meetings where security-sensitive topics were discussed . 
  yet his friend had no security clearance at all and was not an employee of either the ministry of defence or even of fox 's parliamentary office . 
  fox then resigned in disgrace . 
  he should not be an mp , let alone a cabinet minister - he 's an utter fool . 
  says a lot about may 's judgement imo . 
  and they spent the other 95 % on mosaics and grapes . 
  you know where america is , right ? 
  our 39 % * is * bad - it 's too low . 
  the telegraph really are working overtime pumping out these articles . 
  the sounds coming from the big players in the city are ones of uneasiness and caution - there 's no need to whitewash that . 
   if you were to only listen to people in this sub you 'd imagine that everyone in scotland was fully on board ideologically with the eu project . 
  yeah , that 's obviously false . 
  with regards to the euro though , i would say that uneasiness towards a single currency is n't necessarily a rejection of the eu or the european project altogether . 
  i 'm a strong believer in the eu , but even i do n't support adoption of the euro , not for fears of eroded sovereignty , but simply on practical terms . 
  it means that we have less flexibility to control monetary policy in a way which is best for the british economy , and instead have to compromise and accept a monetary policy which is the best fit for the whole eu . 
  ah , right . 
  sorry , it 's hard to tell sarcasm over text . 
   45 % of us wanted to leave before this fucking disaster , how do you think that number will look now ? 
  trying to keep a straight face . 
  as a scot , it 's really quite bizarre to see so many europeans so emphatically for scottish independence . 
  the general perception of us seems to be as an oppressed country held hostage in a union we do n't want to be in , despite the obvious evidence to the contrary ( the last referendum ) . 
  here 's a novel idea - let 's not attack anyone for speaking another language , regardless of what it is . 
  given the choice between economic growth through a trade agreement that could do untold damage to public services and environmental standards , or slower economic growth , i 'd probably choose the latter . 
  besides , the british economy has done very well within the eu over the past couple of years . 
  it 's certainly easier , but expect america to get their own way - apparently their trade negotiators were a bit taken aback when they started discussing ttip with their european counterparts and the eu negotiators actually gave as good as they got , rejecting american demands . 
  i do n't mind trade deals taking a long time if it means that the final agreement is mutually beneficial . 
  after cameron 's sooking up to china , i do n't have a great deal of confidence that the government will be able to negotiate a deal with the usa that is beneficial to us . 
  if ttip is actually dead , then it 's dead because eu negotiators and national governments ( e.g. 
  france ) refused to back down - who can blame them ? 
  you get them here in the uk at least , but mostly in rural areas that are too small to sustain a conventional library . 
  [ your one looks fancier than my local one though ] ( http://www.moray.gov.uk/moray_image/image_93302.jpg ) . 
  i 'm surprised at denmark . 
  do you not get library buses in some countries ? 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  wow , you 're not kidding . 
  i thought you were pro-brexit ? 
  why is the eu flag your flair ? 
  i might be getting you confused with somebody else though . 
  no , it will . 
  people who say it wo n't happen are kidding themselves . 
  i was ( and am still ) very strongly against brexit , but the government now has no other choice - they will risk electoral catastrophe if they do not deliver . 
  i know that . 
  i was addressing the more general point about the eu forcing unpopular immigration policies on unwilling countries . 
  in the case of switzerland , they can very easily control immigration as tightly as they want , but it comes at a cost . 
  that is absolutely not the case . 
  switzerland can absolutely say `` no , we are taking back full control of our borders '' , but their other arrangements with the eu , including the trade agreement , would then end . 
  every sovereign state is free to leave the eu at any time and build their walls as high as they like . 
  at the moment may is so popular because she 's simultaneously pleasing brexiters * and * remainers . 
  however , she 's only two months into her leadership , and what i think we 'll see when the actual negotiations is frustration and anger on both sides as may tries to chart the course straight down the middle of the two groups . 
  remainers like myself will be upset by no single market membership , and leavers will be upset by no large cuts in immigration and certainly no speedy bonfire of eu law . 
  there 's plenty of potential for may to become * very * unpopular - at the moment she 's pleasing as many as people as possible , but as the saying goes , you can not please all of the people all of the time . 
  parliament ratified the echr in 1951 and british citizens have been able to take human rights cases to strasbourg since 1966 .
