well when you 're in the richest country in the world bar one or two , even the richest person in most countries would look middle class ... 
  iirc most murders in places like glasgow , london and manchester are gang-related or stem from the drug trade . 
  not that this makes murder any less of a heinous crime , but i suppose there is an element of `` live by the sword , die by the sword '' about it . 
  a lot of it is to do with unfamiliarity - hong kong 's culture and physical environment is quite far removed from norway , so it 's more likely to make you feel uncomfortable even if there is no reason to be . 
  this is n't scientific btw , just my own anecdotal thoughts . 
  you ca n't visit birmingham if you 're white - it 's a no go zone did n't you know ? 
  if standing up for your country means making an arse out of yourself , throwing projectiles at police , glorifying a political ideology which resulted in the deaths of tens of thousands of belgians ( and tens of millions of europeans ) , and trampling a memorial to the victims of a terrorist attack who died less than a week previously , then standing up for your country sounds like something i would n't want to do . 
  questioning how we deal with muslim integration by making nazi salutes and verbally abusing asian women at a vigil being held for the victims of a terrorist attack ? 
  i do n't think the press need to paint anything - the events speak for themselves . 
  i wonder how many people realise that britain and ireland have a reciprocal agreement whereby we have a right of residence in each other 's countries that is completely independent of eu freedom of movement . 
  i certainly hope that remains to be the case in the event of the uk leaving the eu . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.diplomatmagazine.com/local-news/news/753-dutch-embassy-to-move-to-nine-elms.html ) . 
  google `` netherlands embassy nine elms '' for a few more stories . 
  america and the netherlands are opening huge new embassies in nine elms outside of the congestion charging zone but still close to westminster . 
  the american one is great - [ it has a moat and is built on a small artificial mound for security ] ( http://photos.state.gov/libraries/unitedkingdom/164203/july2012pix/newusembassyrender02.jpg ) . 
  fun fact for you then - a higher proportion of scots have degrees than in any other country in the world . 
  i know that is n't really intelligence per se , but we 're a well-educated bunch . 
  i hate scottish stereotypes . 
  i know we sort of have to take the rough with the smooth , but the stereotypes of most countries are a mixed bag of positive and negative . 
  scotland 's main stereotypes are all really negative - it would be good to have a few more positive ones so that some of the thicker people elsewhere in the world did n't think we were all workshy junkies . 
  what a misleading headline then . 
  portugal is an unusual ally there . 
  i 'm surprised unions are allowed in the armed forces anywhere in europe - they 're banned in the uk afaik . 
  i honestly thought the desire to project her own job would have kicked in by now , but it does n't look that way . 
  thanks for posting this - some good in-depth information there . 
  i can only speak for the uk here , but you would never see a flag at a car dealership here , even a tiny one . 
  the only places you 'll really see a flag in public are on town halls , some courts and army/navy/raf bases , and maybe sometimes outside big head offices . 
  i 'd like to try ramen but we do n't have them in the uk afaik . 
  the closest equivalent would be the [ supermarket brand noodles ] ( http://groceries.asda.com/product/noodle-snacks/asda-smartprice-chicken-flavour-instant-noodles/38976 ) . 
  i thought kraft mac and cheese was practically canada 's national dish ? 
   only 3 european countries and the uk excuse me ? 
  i suppose your former theory might be valid - i leave comments on reddit about politics very often , but i try to avoid speaking about politics to anyone in real life outside of my family . 
  it 's too controversial and i worry that it would only end in arguments or hurt feelings . 
  i 'd love to know why online newspaper comment sections attract people with such extreme reactionary views - i do n't know if swedes read the daily mail for english language news , but if you have n't done already then give the comments section a try . 
  you 'll either laugh or cry . 
  i did n't know trains had black boxes . 
  i know right - such a fickle bunch of europeans . 
  vattenfall v germany * i * - the one about the coal-powered plant at hamburg . 
  i 'll reserve judgement of the nuclear case until it 's decided . 
  since you 're apparently well-informed about the issue , could i ask if there * are * any reservations you do have or areas where you think criticism is valid ? 
  i 've tried to read a few of the arbitration documents on the italaw website but naturally it 's very hard to gain any sort of real understanding because they 're extremely long and filled with legal jargon - that 's not to say that they should be dumbed down , but anyone without a legal qualification essentially has to rely on other people for an analysis and so it 's hard to reach an opinion on isds and ttip in general . 
  i ca n't make my mind up about isds - criticism is near universal and there 's no shortage of doomsday prophecies about the dangers of isds , but i 've seen a few supposed myths being debunked by other people . 
  a lot of the most notorious and well-known cases like ethyl v canada , vattenfall v germany i and occidental v ecuador have plausible-sounding explanations that make the investor sound quite reasonable . 
  and then there are the cases like philip morris v australia where investors that are clearly taking the piss have their cases rejected . 
  i 'm by no means convinced that isds works well or fairly , but i 'm not convinced by the whole secret court run by corporations boogeyman argument either . 
  i do n't know if you could count this as a musuem , but the national portrait gallery in london is fantastic . 
  it 's the same building as the national gallery but it 's far more interesting - it 's practically a tl ; dr version of british history since the tudors . 
  i 've only ever been once and i was gutted because the fire alarm went off after half an hour . 
  i waited another half an hour but did n't know how long it would be before we got back in so i just left . 
  scotland 's shitty council estates can match your shitty council estates any day of the week . 
  people actually choose to go on holiday there too - i realise a lot of people do n't have the money to go abroad , but there 's got to be better places by the sea in britain than blackpool . 
  brussels seems to have a bit of a bad reputation but i really want to visit - it looks nice . 
  those horses have to be used for something since they 're not allowed in burgers anymore . 
  these are very tame proposals , so to see a backlash from poland , france or the czech republic would make me quite angry - we 're the second largest net contributor and it 's in their interests to make this work . 
  poland has more than 800,000 people living here - it is n't beyond the realms of possibility that all of them without british citizenship would be forced to apply for it or go home , and i do n't think that 's what the polish government will want . 
  mostly the bbc , guardian , sky news , the economist , and anything linked on / r/unitedkingdom and / r/ukpolitics that interests me . 
  not gon na lie - i bought the dvd and i 've watched that ceremony six or seven times . 
  it was brilliant . 
  do you know how much trains are in the uk ? 
  a train from london to the scottish highlands where the snow often means you have to re-mortgage your house . 
  munich was such a clean and well-kept city when i visited so it 's not nice to read that it 's gotten worse . 
  i seem to be on the wrong side of public opinion on the refugee crisis , but even i get frustrated when new arrivals refuse to show even the simplest signs of respect to their new homes and the people that were there before them . 
  it 's ridiculous how little more than a year ago the general consesus on reddit was that sweden was a social-democratic utopia that the world should model itself on . 
  as you say , compare that to the hyperbolic rubbish you 'll see on / r/worldnews these days . 
  i still love you , sweden . 
  not one iota . 
  apparently there are a few syrain refugee families in a nearby town - no scandal , no furore . 
  life stays the same . 
  no , we 're in rural scotland , but she lived in london at the height of the troubles - not that many people were killed by the ira in london , but more than have been killed by isis . 
  my friend gets very easily frightened by terrorist attacks on the tv and i often remind her that she lived through the ira and the cold war and came out unscathed , and her response was `` what was the cold war again ? 
  awww , i missed the survey . 
  standout fact from the results for me was that americans are the second most common nationality here ( they 're all asleep just now so we can call them names ) . 
  fewer french people than i expected too . 
  yes , on clear days . 
  [ here 's a ( bad ) photo of kent from the closest point in france ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/27/france_manche_vue_dover.jpg ) . 
  it sort of looks like what it would look like if you had a profile map of europe where the land was raised above the sea and you stretched string around it . 
  yeah , part of me thinks that the snp might even be breathing a sigh of relief and are thankful that they 'll have a better shot in a few years time . 
  they were the largest bank in the world by market capitalisation before the crash and had one of the biggest balance sheets too , so it 's not all that surprising . 
  they 've cut tens of thousands of staff since 2008 though ( mostly outside scotland ) and they 're trying to concentrate more on retail banking than more risky investment banking . 
  produced in england , unfortunately . 
  we have a reasonably big financial services ( rbs , lloyds , standard life , etc. 
  ) , tourism , higher education and food and drink ( read : whisky , salmon , turnips and biscuits ) industries , but there 's no doubt that the oil slump is hitting north east scotland hard . 
  the independence date was set to be march this year in the event of a yes vote . 
  pls think of aberdeen . 
  i know what a barometer is , but i was using it as a [ synonym of indicator ] ( http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/indicator?s=t ) or metric . 
  i 'm sure i 've seen it used that way before but i might be wrong . 
  on what barometer ? 
  another fun fact : canada and the uk , the joint second and third ranked countries respectively both have some of the highest levels of immigration and ethnic diversity in the world . 
  polish people are a great addition to britain - those i 've met have been friendly and hard working , so the more the merrier , as long as they * all * do n't come here . 
  with the exception of libya , are n't the north african countries ( egypt , morocco , algeria , tunisia ) now largely stable and free from violence ? 
  if so , then could it be argued that their claims for asylum are less valid than somebody 's from syria ? 
   the dutch government makes 100s of millions each year from dutch rail . 
  and the uk 's rail system too ... 
  i was trying to name all the locations in the video and i somehow managed to mistake those for [ this building in rotterdam ] ( https://farm4.staticflickr.com/3691/12857299895_2be9720889_z.jpg ) . 
  looking at them now , i do n't know how i got them confused . 
  i 've never read that george orwell quote before - i love it . 
  i really think he might have had a good point . 
  just go with it - it makes you guys look good . 
  britain has a different kind of corruption to what is stereotypical - low level public servants , policemen or other officials very rarely take bribes . 
  all the action goes on at the top .
