dveri are also anti-eu . 
  but yeah pretty much all political parties are pro-eu . 
   jankovi\u010d and jeremi\u010d seem the most promising anti-corruption and pro-progress candidates right ? 
  yep , radulovic too . 
  all parties are pro-eu , except srs and dveri . 
  little dictator vucic has the biggest support coming from eu officials and leaders , unfortunatelly . 
  i sve to sa 0 $ budzeta , online viralnim zajebancijama i performansima . 
  yep , true . 
  asperger 's ? 
  not enough apparently ? 
  water ? 
  i did n't say they were making up that serbs lived in bosnia . 
  do n't twist my words . 
  nah man serbs were fleeing from ottomans to ottoman lands . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  and ottoman sources are to be trusted . 
  yep yep yep . 
  i am overcompensating . 
  i am actually mala pizda :'(, 
  well it was n't called bosnia in those days as you can see ... and serbs were majority in bosnia up untill wwii . 
  anyone can check that ... 
  italians , serbs , croats and austrians start a war cuz of schnapps ... yep , sounds real . 
  cause it is important in the context . 
  are you serious ? 
  how can you force 2 mil . 
  people to live in a country they do n't want to live in ? 
  maybe , i do n't know . 
  not trying to see whats the best i can do . 
  i am just talking . 
   it 's not working because there are two entities . 
  and why is it split into entities ? 
  so what ? 
  what does it matter who invented the idea ? 
  what the fuck are you even talking ? 
   the war was fought due to the economy and due to politicians exaggerating their ideals . 
  hundreds of thousands of people identified as yugoslavs . 
  possibly even millions bore the title i agree , but still there was a war . 
   also , serbs in bosnia are not serbians . 
  they are bosnians . 
  they are whatever they want to be , it 's not up to you to tell other people what they are . 
   why should it change ? 
  cause it 's not working . 
   yugoslavia was also a failed prospect , particularly economically . 
  and bosnia is not ? 
   also , serbia and croatia are guarantors of the dayton accords and both are there to ensure the territorial integrity of bih . 
  secession is not going to be tolerated . 
  ofcourse . 
  i am talking about `` what if '' here . 
  i mean why should n't the will of the people living there be tested and respected . 
  and i am not counting `` just because '' and `` thats how it should be '' as valid reasons . 
  goes both ways . 
   no money = the `` country '' will fail . 
  like bosnia already is ? 
   not to mention they simply do n't have the resources to exist . 
  and other part of bosnia has ? 
  my argument has perfect logic as it is based on un charters . 
  while your argument makes no sense as 1 . 
  byzantine empire , ottoman empire , austro-hungarian empire do n't exist today , while serbia still exists and 2 . 
  in those days there was no un . 
  oh noooo , you got me . 
  you used no logic at all . 
   you say that like a united bosnia is a bad thing or something . 
  nah man , i am just saying that bosnia as it is today is n't a functional state . 
  and that war was fought cause people could n't live together and now they are forced to live together and are actively sabotaging each other . 
   i 'm all for everyone working together and creating a functioning state . 
  why ? 
  we could 've had that in yugoslavia . 
  but croats and bosniaks wanted to live apart from serbs and we had a war . 
  the war was literally fought cause those 3 did n't want to live together and now you want them to live together . 
  i do n't get it ? 
   it 's not gon na end well for the serbs why ? 
  if people want independence why should n't they get it ? 
  that 's how all exyu republics got their independence , by the will of the people . 
  why should n't serbs and croats in bosnia have the same right ? 
   so-called rs see , this is also part of the problem . 
  it is not `` so-called '' , it has clear definition in dayton agreement . 
  and it was created by the will of serbs living there and you obviously have a problem with it , and you want to live together ? 
  see the problem ? 
  awesome . 
  your arguments are not ridiculous at all . 
   do you want me to go back further then to before there was a serbia ? 
  please do . 
  meh polls done by newspapers are worthless . 
  let the people vote and be over with it . 
  democracy cant hurt . 
  if majority of people are for united bosnia , great , then at least everyone will know whats the will of the people . 
   freedom of speech = / = freedom from criticism . 
  it goes both ways ... jesus christ how people are unironicaly unaware of them selves , it 's hilarious . 
  my comment was a joke and a criticsm and then bunch of dudes here come and insult me and start arguing with me and one even making comments about nato bombs , the other how serbia should be part of byzantine empire ( wtf ? 
  ) ... and then i am the one that should be aware what freedom of speech is and what criticsm is and i am butthurt ... lol ... jesus christ how sad are you people ... 
   there was a time when serbia was n't a country , it was n't a republic , just a region . 
  with a turkish name even . 
  but there was serbia before that , a kingdom , an empire and a principality founded in the region where kosovo is today even , somewhere in 7th century . 
  so , yeah , you are talking out of your ass . 
   i have spoken to kosovans , and it is very clear that they are not serbs or albanians but kosovans . 
  this right here is how i know you are bullshitting and talking out of your ass . 
  [ here is google image search for `` protest in kosovo '' ] ( https://www.google.rs/search?q=protest+in+kosovo&amp;espv=2&amp;rlz=1c1chbd_enrs703rs703&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjhpchzw8lrahvewswkhy5obucq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=950 ) there is not a single one kosovo flag there , only albanian . 
  not a single albanian or serb there identifies as a kosovan . 
  whatever , you are right about everything else with made-up anegdotes and shit . 
  good job .
