  then let the people vote on that and end of story . 
  it would at least make the people shut up . 
   are there specific regions in said countries where the majority want to break away ? 
  yes . 
   if on the other hand they want the entire country to be absorbed by serbia , that is quite another . 
  kosovo was a part of serbia . 
  it was n't a country . 
  it was n't a republic , a province or whatever . 
  just a region . 
  with serbian name even . 
  so your comment has makes no sense . 
  imagine in every minority in every country wanted independance ? 
  what would that look like ? 
  and also it 's not `` kosovans '' who want independance it 's just albanians living in kosovo . 
  very important distinction . 
   the bavarian independence movement is overblown by media does n't matter if it is overblown or not . 
  what does matter is that bavaria does n't even have a right for independance under german constitution . 
  alright ? 
  see the problem ? 
   kosovo is widely recognised as a separate nationality . 
  ummm no it 's not . 
  kosovo as a country has some recognition , but there is not such thing as kosovo nationality . 
  you have albanians from kosovo and serbs from kosovo . 
  please get your facts straight and inform yourself . 
   they are not serbian , they do not identify as serbian , their culture is not serbian , their language is not serbian , they are not serbian . 
  lol ... you seriously do n't have a clue what you are talking about . 
  92 % of them identify as albanian , not kosovan . 
  1,5 % identifies as serbian , again not kosovan . 
  and lets not even go to history , culture and all that . 
   except you do n't get to define what a nation is or is n't . 
  i do n't , but there are pretty clear definitions . 
   and in case you have not noticed , there are not nearly as many or as prominent popular independence movements as you desire . 
  yes and for a reason . 
  cause what you are suggesting here , for any minority in any country to have a right for self-determination and be an independant country would lead to a shit show . 
  no i am just lazy and do n't have time to go again over this whole thread and copy/paste comments to prove a point to a boring person like you . 
  jesus christ ... some people get triggered over a simple one setence joke . 
  xd yeah i am whining here , you are right ... lol ... 
  that referendum was for bosnian independance . 
  so actually those 63.4 % did n't want to live together . 
  serbs in bosnia did n't want to leave yugoslavia . 
  and what about sovereignty and territorial integrity of countries and right of serbs in kosovo to self determination ? 
  i replyed to you here https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5nxra2/serbia_sends_train_inscribed_with_words_kosovo_is/dcfden7/, 
   yet you support calls for that right to be violated . 
  i do that ? 
   right to self determination is also a universal human right it is ? 
  why bavarian indepndance is against german constitution ? 
  why spain wo n't let catalonia ? 
  why serbs in bosnia ca n't be independent ? 
  why serbs in kosovo do n't have that right ? 
  what about russians in crimea ? 
  turks in cypruss ? 
  kurds in turkey ? 
  should i go on ? 
  maybe because the right to self deterimination applies to nations and not groups of people living somewhere , otherwise we would have few thousands of states in europe and maybe cause sovereignty and territorial integrity trumps the right to self determination and you do n't know what are you talking about ? 
  maybe ? 
   was n't there a referendum and more than 60 % voted for secession from yugoslavia ? 
  no , you got that wrong . 
  63.4 % of people voted and out of those 63.4 % , 99.7 % was for independence . 
  serbs boycotted that referendum . 
  nevertheless that was in 1992 , things have changed considerably since then . 
   also if 50 % today want to live in bosnia they that means majority is ok with the country ? 
  i do n't know . 
  what i know is that bosnia of today is not functional and not democratic and that people of all ethnicities live under shitty circumstances that are totally out of their control . 
  i said `` hordes '' ? 
  who ? 
  where ? 
  how ? 
  i know and i do n't have a problem with it . 
  what 's your problem ? 
   the international community does not wish to reward ethnic cleansing . 
  you are a funny guy . 
  i like you . 
  bottom line , pure practicality , around 50 % of bosnias population does n't want to live in bosnia and in union with other 2 ethnicities . 
  do n't see the point of forcing them . 
  was i complaining about violation ? 
  you do n't have a clue what you are talking about do you ? 
  let me ask you something ? 
  why northern ireland is not part of republic of ireland and why republic of ireland is not part of united kingdom ? 
  and how would republic of ireland function if it was forcefuly put in a union with n ireland or uk with foreign high representative that 's not democratically elected , but is appointed by , let 's say , british parliament . 
  would it work ? 
  does it even make sense ? 
  or the current state of things makes the most sense ? 
  meh r/europe is hilarious . 
  i come here every now and then to get reminded how hateful , xenophobic and hypocritical young people all over europe are . 
  lynch mob mentality at its ' worst . 
  but europe is , our collective yard , and i think freedom of speech is universal human right strongly upheld all over europe ? 
  or not ? 
  you would like to limit it ? 
  the only butthurt i see here is coming from people with flairs that are not serbian . 
  like you for example , you are behaving passive aggressive and thoroughly butthurt ... but very , very amusing , thank you . 
  `` freedom of speech with limits '' i am still chuckling . 
   there is line on freedom of speech . 
  as i said : people having problems with the freedom of speech . 
  itt : people having problems with the freedom of speech . 
  here you have video and photo gallery http://www.021.rs/story/novi-sad/vesti/153323/foto-video-zaledio-se-dunav-kod-novog-sada.html, 
  it 's not obvious ? 
  then again , maybe it is n't obvious to this dude . 
  happy cake day . 
  hey man , do n't listen to them , you are totally right to be worried about eastern europe being close to middle east . 
  do you think both of those places have `` east '' in their name by coincidence ?
