  capitalisem has made its mark and now there are 3 mil turks living in germany . 
  now if there were more turks here you would see the denial . 
  there are no  scientists , professors who argue refugees are good for economy . 
  more people = more consumption like i said . 
  that is the only thing . 
  banning abortion is in that case good for economy . 
  more kids = more consumption . 
  your point is simply dumb . 
  people who argue refugees are good for economy are kinda dumb . 
  they are mostly unemployed but more people = more consumption works wonders i guess . 
  eu migration is very beneficial there is no question about it . 
  orban :  `` it is necessary to get along with turkey . 
  we hand over our security to the turks and criticize , attack and condemn them in unnecessary topics . 
  this is not a smart policy , '' orban told the public radio kossuth on march 17 . 
  `` hey erdogan was right '' said noone . 
  implying something means nothing . 
  economy ? 
  not necessarily hard work . 
  he is and he has a valid point . 
  that is why his words have changed the way right-wing parties ( who are majority ) operate . 
  they are both horrible books , sadly lots of people take both literally . 
  what ? 
  similar to russia then . 
  not as nationalistic as turks . 
  i read animal farm , i know what these creatures are capable of . 
  i say we kill them . 
  europeans took the bait ? 
  netherlands should do anything it wants and exercise their laws . 
  the thing is quite similar to hey dont talk bad about muslims or they will turn to isis . 
  if that is the case we have a serious problem . 
  yes if we go by foreign-background they are the biggest group in germany-5mil . 
  yes there is only syria in the middle east and north africa . 
  and of course all syria is at war . 
   also those kids should have gone to public secular dutch schools and that 's it . 
  if thing was only that easy . 
  if there were putins ministers in germany rally crowds , we would be out of our minds . 
  i think it 's remarkable what dutchies are doing , sadly the french president just showed his spineless behavior . 
  but that is holland , he is epitome of that . 
  that is not all middle eastern countries and you would get some points if most of the people from syria were n't sunni . 
  proxy-conflicts are nothing new . 
  eu and russian are in one , so are usa and russia . 
  sure but i would be equally dissatisfied if there were 600 russians caring putin portrait and russian flags around . 
  its weird that there are actually people like that in netherlands . 
  i mean its a problem around eu with high number of turkish immigrants like germany . 
  yes i also dont see the connection . 
  what does coalminers and steelworkers have to do with this ? 
  there is n't ethnic/religious holy war between all middle eastern countries . 
  look if there was war in norway . 
  would n't be people better accepted and integrate better in other scandinavian countries than yemen for example ? 
  some of their points are valideted by facts . 
  there is nothing we can do about it . 
  just shows . 
  you would not welcome million serb refugees . 
  but ok i accepted you are a hipocrit . 
  ah the famous albanian protector of refugees . 
  there was a poll in this subreddits thread . 
  it said dutch want from eu even more than british ... 
  no visegrad group should lead eu . 
  mitteleurope and east should lead eu . 
  if eurosceptic dutch want to leave they should . 
  its a tax evasion haven anyway . 
  again you are thinking to regionally . 
  orban solved the problem for hungarians and that is all they wanted . 
  are you really gon na ? 
  why do you think so called demagogues are so popular ? 
  look at the hungarian border wall . 
  they are seen as actually doing something . 
  44 % of european muslims are funfamentalists . 
  now their numbers keep rising , europe will have to deal with that . 
  wtf ? 
  not a bad idea actually . 
  i thought turks and moroccans were troublesome . 
  those yugos should also be deported if they dont want to integrate . 
  we have pleny of those here . 
  but i never heard some have problems with slovenians . 
  they integrate too well . 
  if people want sharia law they should go to places where it is . 
  i am certainly not an far right guy though . 
  would it really be that bad ? 
  if people dont want to integrate . 
  maybe you mixed it with bulgaria , there are less the 0.5 percent muslim in romania . 
  your statistic office says only 1/10 of romanians coming to italy are roma . 
  is this forreal ? 
  who are you ? 
  more and more eurosceptic west europe , always eurosceptic scandinavia or stagnating southern europe ? 
  they are free to do as they like , they are a sovereign nation with democracy . 
  eu ca n't impose how this nations should govern . 
  what path ? 
   beneficial depends on what you mean by that . 
  they do exactly what france does . 
  two speed eu means that there isnt eu anymore . 
  like a roman empire it would crumble into east and west ... 
  what are you even arguing ? 
  that poland should exit eu ? 
   they might be a majority thing , but lets not pretend immigrants from non-nema or the native dutchies are all that tolerant themselves either all the time . 
  they are much more tolerante and integrate much better . 
   immigrant neighbourhoods they destroy any chance of integartion . 
  would you not support puting a ban of immigrants from mena countries , so you can integrate the ones living in netherlands ? 
  or ban districts with more than 50 % of immigrants because it becomes a little `` x country '' where locals dont interact with natives and badly integrate . 
  pew research puts it at [ 6 % ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/07/19/5-facts-about-the-muslim-population-in-europe/ ) .
