  especially important is what police is saying . 
  there are also various incidents such as that with 60minutes . 
  also studies done on fundamentalism of muslims in europe . 
  the statistics about crime also play huge part . 
  malmo is ranked very highly as a crime-rate city ( for europe ofc ) . 
  i been there myself also . 
  there have been studies done on ghettoized and parrarel societies in sweden . 
  and its failed integration policies ... 
  first of all my young frenchi , let 's build off that comment about bible . 
  in the bible it 's says exactly what you say . 
  sadly this argument loses value when you see how secular the western countries are . 
  only 4 % of european catholics are fundamentalists . 
  guess the number for muslims in europe . 
  again we are not talking about middle east ( the numbers and opinions there would shock you ) but its 44 % . 
  60 % put religious law over the country 's they live in . 
  as you know religion is a source of one of the most violent , repressive and inhumane laws and actions . 
  but i would argue that there is no other religion as vile as islam . 
  there is no cherry-picking . 
  islam is a religion that favours men . 
  its a religion that encourages fanatics ( same could be said for most religions but the scale of this in islam is truly scary ) its as inhumane as nazism and fascism . 
  product of an mad and sick mind . 
  read a book about hashashins from a slovenian writer bartol called alamut . 
  its also a source of backwardness and it shackles ones mind with crazy law system called sharia law . 
  we should do anything to put down this crazy and incredibly damaging ideology called islam . 
  badly integrated immigrants who share very fundamentalistic values are ghettoized in suburbs of malm\u00f6 and stockholm . 
  eu was seen as very positive thing . 
  with then the crisises the followed people got little less star-struck over eu and saw that a lot still has to be done . 
  in fiscal sense eu and especially eurozone has come closer together , 2008 crisis really showed that countries did n't know how to behave when a crisis like this happened . 
  hell even the ecb did n't know what to do . 
  well there is obviously a problem but trump has overblown it to suit his agenda . 
  for european standards especially scandinavian is kinda bad but for american standards its ordinary . 
  of course we should not overreact but acting like everything is okay is also dumb . 
  they even wanted to replace it with islam . 
  hitler admired that faith very much , i mean who can blame him , its a perfect faith for him . 
  look i doubt what you are saying is true . 
  but your political views might be so on the fringe that you could not differentiate between far-right and center-right . 
  you taken my comments out of contex . 
  he said that refugee human rights are violated and that its normal for them to hate us aka west . 
  its the truth we dont owe the shit . 
  would you not agree with that ? 
  if refugees would start hating on their host country we should do as dutch prime minister says `` if you dont behave , get out ! '', 
  again i am not against immigration , i am not even against refugees but i am against mena immigration . 
  they are given everything and they still complain . 
  refugees are given fair treatment , those are simply facts . 
  they could sue the country if they didnt have human rights protected . 
  kiddo , i dont know how old you are but you must be really young . 
  cause you sure are naive . 
  do you watch the news , do you read studies on this topics ? 
  it seem to me you are just a sheltered teen with no understanding of the world . 
  worse they will form a parrarel society in sweden and will never integrate . 
  so if i get that right you have massive problems with integrating balkan immigrants already and you think with mena immigrants will go better ? 
  boy you are in for a treat !, 
  women right to vote in1919 is smilar to lots of european countries including belarus , poland , lithuania , russia ... 
  lets not act like sweden has been progressive for 100 years . 
  in 1880s otto von bismarck a famous statesman and conservative introduced welfare state . 
  conservatives introduced welfare state in 19th century and fascist did in 20th century . 
  why are you trying to paint me as a anti-immigration guy . 
  it think immigrants from europe ( muslim bosniaks to catholic irish to orthodox russians ) are helping sweden very much . 
  but immigrants from mena countries are just a strain on a society and share so many of backward beliefs is frankly ironic that they are going to sweden ... 
  remember being a tourist is much different than living and working in a country . 
  also language is nr1 if you want to integrate . 
  in 1917 it was place of one of the bloodiest fronts in ww1 . 
  the river so\u010da was red . 
  i highly doubt sweden has been progressive for last 100 years . 
  that is all . 
  so you guys from those countries are at blame not us . 
  not mitteleuropa , but you guys alone . 
  i would be happy if you guys could take all the refugees . 
  again if they dont feel that we take good care of them spending our money on them and giving them well accommodation , we should deport them immediately ... their human rights are respected by the way , being rich is not a human right . 
  and before you talk shit about me remember , our lands were pillaged by muslims , so by your logic is okay that i dont want them . 
  it okay even to hate them . 
  what ? 
  i doubt very much you had lax homosexual laws , welfare state and '' feminist '' goverment in 1917 . 
  again turning a blind eye to sweden immigration problems does n't make them go away . 
  middle easterns are not bosnians my friend ... 
  i very much doubt that . 
  but anyway you cant play strong welfare or progressive society with unlimited immigration . 
  we see it clearly all around western europe . 
  as i see it , you guys are simply too small . 
  you will change for the world not the other way around . 
  we can see this already with swedish democrats being high in the polls . 
  he will probably get assassinated , the dutch far-left is crazy ... 
  are we talking to a millionaire ? 
  i did n't even notice that ... 
  explain . 
  rap is usually immigrant `` music '' . 
  so arabs , sub-saharan africans are classic for france . 
  he just needs some portuguese and romanian guys and we got them all . 
  the rappers for france are so stereotypical . 
  [ snajper z bloka ( sniper from the block ) ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ese0ku8a_ja ) [ from people to the people ] ( https://m.youtube.com/results?q=od%20ljudi%20do%20ljudi&amp;sm=1 ) [ and somekind of balkan gangsta rap ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=u1muo-ybjqc ) - ak47 and shit ... 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  and if refugees suddenly start hating on eu , the fucking hand that feeds them , we should deport every single one off them . 
  being ungrateful while billions are spend on you ... we dont owe them shit , countries that took most of this refugees dont owe them shit . 
  remember that . 
  but please share with me how usa invading iraq has made syrians start a civil war ... 
  what good is it accepting refugees if you cant act morally superior on reddit then ? 
  he is talking outof his ass . 
  there is only 2 million of us . 
  this is not true . 
  as i said , you immediately want to block someone you do n't agree with .
