  one paper calculates that cutting migration to the tens of thousands could boost wages in industries most affected by it by an imperceptible 0.2-0 .6 % by 2018 . 
   and these tiny increases would be dwarfed by a slowdown in the wider economy . 
  according to research by katerina lisenkova of strathclyde university , annual net migration of 100,000 would lower gdp per person by 1 % in the long term . 
  others reckon the economic cost of lower migration could match that of the hit to trade from britain leaving the single market . 
   the biggest loser from slashing immigration would be the public finances . 
  native britons are ageing rapidly ; the number who are of working age is shrinking . 
  when counting only native-born folk , britain has a higher `` old-age dependency ratio '' ( the number of elderly people as a share of those of working age ) than that of many european countries , including france , and it is worsening fast . 
  this drives up spending on health care and pensions . 
   as it stands , the flow of people into and out of britain tilts the numbers favourably , improving the dependency ratio . 
  britain exports old , creaky people and imports young , taxpaying ones . 
  more than 100,000 british pensioners live it up in sunny spain ; meanwhile , up to 100,000 working-age spaniards brave the british cold . 
   with low net migration , britain 's elderly would be more burdensome . 
  workers would need to be taxed more heavily to pay for care for their elders . 
  the government 's fiscal watchdog suggests that by the mid-2060s , with annual net migration of about 100,000 , public debt would be roughly 30 percentage points higher than if that figure were 200,000 . 
  taking back control comes with a whopping bill . 
  depends where you live i guess . 
  in my country learining spanish would be stupid , much smarter to learn german or even russian . 
  i read the posts . 
  is that sub full of islam apologists ? 
  its just kinda sad ... 
  why is he considered a joke ? 
  was ? 
  look adzm00 . 
  you look like a swell london champagne socialist . 
  we all seen that before . 
  but maybe , just maybe become something little more creative . 
  do you think islam is literally cancer ? 
  i am not talking figuratively , is it literally cancer ? 
  yes or no ? 
   cool , i am sure most muslims do n't give a fuck what some uneducated inbred from nope its your white knighting that they care about . 
  you are a disgrace to your country and i encourage you to move where you heart is . 
  lol . 
  you are not european m8 . 
  what we have done is helped those shitty backwater muslim shitholes to get better , and this is how they repay us . 
  and this bullshit about region europe . 
  europe was divided more then middle east 26 years ago . 
  it 's obvious you are islamist apologist but atleast get facts right . 
  the `` no you are '' response . 
  save this edgy post for someone else . 
  it 's obvious you cant look at this objectively . 
  we are fighting a war of values and middle east will have to stop using '' whatabout the west '' excuse for islam ideology . 
  i dont even know who is we ? 
  the germans ? 
  the swedish ? 
  the ukrainian ? 
  europe is at war with islam , he is right in that . 
  but its a war of ideas and values not actual war . 
  its not on i\u0107 and its not on - ski . 
  born in northern yugoslavia . 
  this are not teenaged boys , believe me ... 
  lets stop overreacting . 
  and where are you from my tolerant friend ? 
   mr. central european . 
  and let noone tell you anything different . 
  say what you want , you balkanits are very nationalistic . 
  croats were not considerd slavs by nazis . 
  they were supossed to be iliriyan people or something . 
  they same way half of slovenia was considered windisch . 
  as long as there are thousends in knin at thompsons concert , i think fascism is still prevelant in croatia . 
  totally agree , and i think european leaders are finally waking up . 
  not only that , he invested lots in border control and they have lots of border guards . 
  our far-left party is also softly eurosceptic . 
   eu and refugees are not really linked in sweden , they also arent in our country . 
  still far-right is the most anti-immigration and single issue voters support it the most . 
  but far-right has no control in slovenia . 
  they are not even in parlament . 
   never met anyone who was fiercely anti-immigration yet also pro-eu . 
  our second biggest national party . 
  even our leading party now turned from left-centre to right-centre . 
   really ? 
  did n't know that would have thought it was opposite . 
  what exactly ? 
  but they are more soft-eurosceptic . 
   and it literally makes no difference if you it 's only one country doing it . 
  which is why we should n't vote anti-eu , but pro-eu , so that the eu can actually do something . 
  people want pro-eu anti immigration party . 
  there is almost none . 
  i think the usual right are also very hard on islamic immigration . 
   oh , wikipedia . 
   here ' are all swedish polls , pick anyone you like . 
  in swedish , but i think you understand . 
   http://novus.se/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/5c5b328754f5dbfab60f584e55da324e.xls thanks . 
  so they vary from 16-24 % . 
   migrants are good for the economy , culture and basically everything . 
  sure eu-immigration is welcomend by most . 
   all these people saying there is no problem with migrants . 
  who is saying that ? 
   almost a blessing from god ( if you believe in one ) . 
  nope . 
   and germany , sweden and france are the most blessed countries of all !, 
  i would not dare to take that from them . 
  its why migrants want to go there , its not blessed because migrants are there man . 
  just wikipedia . 
   i thought there is no problem with immigration lol . 
  good one m8 . 
  it would be stupid for slovenia to play this high geopolitics game . 
  we must as a small country get along with everybody . 
  plus slovenians see russia in much better light then usa for example . 
  sure but eurosceptic party like swedens democrats would never got so much support without immigration issue . 
  baisicly what normal parties can not phantom is lots of europeans want tougher stances on immigration ( especially mena countries one .
