  the same way a man can support women rights only to some degree then the extreme feminist will take you as a traitor just because you are a man . 
  classic bullshit without any facts . 
  they have a very good life prospects in usa atleast that is for sure . 
  as do asians . 
  stick to the things you know , not some bullshit theories you hold . 
   most they do business-wise is open a tiny hair salons for curly hair or a small as fuck shop that gets very few clientele . 
  same with moroccans or chinese people . 
  they 're always family businesses or handled between friends , i do n't think they hire anyone . 
  now that is racism . 
  again you are not living in reality if you think minoritys only have small family businesses . 
  it 's obvious you are living in a bubble , where whites rule and black people are slaves . 
  and there are for another example ton of black hate groups in america . 
  if black guy is the owner he can discriminate against white people easily . 
  where do you live ? 
  the country where all black people live in huts and are slaves ? 
  ofc . 
  are you guys really under 4 mil now ? 
  i would say the ruling party is centre-right , sds is just right . 
  usually at 25 % , second biggest party . 
  that would be great actually . 
  we invade saudia arabia and use their oil well to fund it . 
  its a great instrument . 
  if too many come , we can close the borders and deport people on site . 
  in my opinion there should be a ban on immigration from mena countries till we integrate the people already living here . 
  that would be correct . 
  but i dont see how these ghettos are gon na fall apart . 
   it must be weird for sure , which is why i have strongly mixed feelings about immigration . 
  who in europe does n't nowdays ? 
  is it actually decreasing ? 
  while the population rises ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  it is not that bad but as we say in my country even a blatant lie has some truth in it . 
  imagine living in a city where every 4th guy is a immigrant from mena countries ... 
  the values clash all the time and enclaves are starting to form . 
  its not a warzone . 
  but ghettoized immigrants bring lots of problems with them . 
  that is quite obvious in malm\u00f6 . 
  this is really a big immigrant city . 
  45 % of the population has foreign background-ofc a lot of those are danes but still . 
  i know , i know . 
  i would say malm\u00f6 is a bit more dangerous . 
  maybe you know it better then me . 
  some sweds said something about a forum where they can check that . 
  are you fron london ? 
  i lived in balham for two weeks . 
  felt very safe . 
  i just dont feel easy at night with lots of muslim men without single women around and i am used to muslim neighborhoods . 
  lived in one in m\u00fcnchen . 
  sure but there are lots of shady parts of malm\u00f6 . 
  i almost could n't believe that it was really sweden . 
  ofc it is . 
  they just blur out peprtrators . 
  i would not want to walk alone in malm\u00f6 at night if i was a woman that is for sure . 
  some dont understand why we need [ migrant law ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-slovenia-iduskbn15a2v0 ) . 
  we have less then 6000 police officers . 
  in summer 500k moved through slovenia . 
  that is 25 % of our population . 
  and all police officers cant work on migrant crisis . 
  so you had 500 people on one officer . 
  what progress are you thinking about ? 
  social ? 
  economic ? 
  i mean eastern europe has the highest gdp growth in eu . 
  its good but there are a little bit too many komunajzars for my taste . 
  nice guy ... 
  i honestly ca n't agree . 
  in every brexit thread in r/europe there is a comment with many upvotes and says `` oh yeah , just like our economy collapsed . 
  they were wrong and they will be wrong again . '', 
  every thread where it says something bad will happen to british economy . 
  and then you have the usual `` we voted out because we find it undemocratic , it 's not even about immigration '' and things like that . 
  nice ones . 
  the world biggest entertainer ... 
  yep , always an european union flag . 
  that would be great , sadly there are as many foreign born here as they are in germany ( 11 % ) . 
  we had the highest net migraton in whole europe ( 1 % of population , as in 800k coming to germany every year ) . 
  next time you wan na be smart educate yourself , cause it just shows turks as dumb . 
  but we can agree why would muslim immigration stop in slovenia when they can get german and scandinavian benefits . 
  there cant be zero unemployment . 
  because people quit jobs all the time ... 
  there can be more job then workers , its happening in countries like czech republic already . 
  who has ever denied genocide here ? 
  actually their fertility rate is getting higher and they have more crude births every year . 
  you will have to be satisfied with what you got . 
  refugee-migrant route is closing down . 
  ups , i got it wrong . 
  one of the biggest would be better . 
  i apologize it should be biggest nation without a state . 
  its not like turks can migrate to eu so easily , but many have used this refugee crisis to do it . 
  i remember the bosnian refugee crisis and where germans deported more then 300k bosnians after the war ended . 
  most of this guys never went to bosnia anyway . 
  sure , sam tole so stereotipi . 
   luckily kurds in syria have now a mini revolution going on where they are striving for a kind of socialist society with anarchist elements . 
  yep , quite an interesting thing . 
  i wouldnt believe something like that could actually exist in middle east . 
  yes i know you guys . ~ ~ biggest nation without a country ~ ~ . 
  turks are being dicks to you . 
  so my question is what kind of muslims are you guys ? 
  edit : one of the biggest nation without a state . 
   jokes aside i really do n't think it will be a big issue . 
  it will cause problems , but nothing threatening .
