  why do countries like germany and austria have so low fertility rate ? 
  there are not a lot of benefits , intra-eu migration is way more beneficial ... also why would we want to get rid of christian western values and replace the with muslim values like sharia law ? 
  lol . 
  also weak currency ... 
  i will test this stereotype when i do my baltic tour in summer . 
  i speak both russian and english ... 
  some of this problems have been around in a lot of southern european countries ... 
  it is true greeks cooked the book , but i dont get your last paragraphs ? 
  ljubljana is beautiful in the winter . 
   one of their policy recommendations is that we stop taking prior criminal record into account when handing out sentences . 
  that is a dumb policy ... 
  there was and still is a civil war in libiya and syria . 
  syria being a land where many foreing power test their skill and fight eachother , turnin the battlefield into proxy war . 
  while afghanistan peacekeeping is supported by un and most countries around the wall . 
  maybe read on international security assistance force . 
  i would even suggest that america is being held back by ethics , simply not using geopolitics as pragmaticly as russia or china does . 
  oh , usa annexed iraq , libiya , afghanistan and syria . 
  that is nice . 
  i hope you dont think asians are somewhat different in this . 
  chinese dont give a fuck about middle east ... 
  this is kinda an echo-chamber , if i may say so ... 
  there are not many asian men here , but there are some asian women because of one-child policy and favouritization of boys . 
   support a small dicked dictator with an inferiority complex burning my country to the ground . 
  is this some kind of projection ? 
  am i now supposed to hate all the turks because erdogan has many supporters in turkey ? 
  i dont get it . 
  afte the shock therapy in the nineties no wonder russians seek a strong figure and a guy who can promise stability . 
  we cant all be rich dutchies with iphones , cycling all day . 
  thinking about rainbows . 
  [ united left ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_left_ ( slovenia ) ), 
  you seem to have some personal problems you need to address . 
  the edginess you can sense from his comments are quite remarkable . 
  he is a dumbass . 
  there is a party that got 5 % vote . 
  basicly pro-feminist , pro-immigration , socialist . 
  mainly consists of slovenian actors and students . 
  i would not say ukraine and belarus are developing-world ... 
  i dont think that is the case ... 
  intra-eu : mainstream . 
  developing-world immigration : fringe . 
  lol afd rise because romanians and bulgarians ? 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  she is your what ? 
  i am a centre-right . 
  those people are as close to my political leanings as are communists . 
  i support taking refugees but we should ban migration from those countries during huges refugees intakes , simply so we can take care of the refugees better and better integrate them . 
  more and more are europeans are moving to the right . 
  especially young people . 
  i think that is a good thing . 
  they are making big strides in economic sense . 
  this sub is very left-sided , sometimes they cant even see the difference in centre-right and far-right ... 
  [ snajper z bloka ( sniper from the block ) ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ese0ku8a_ja ) [ from people to the people ] ( https://m.youtube.com/results?q=od%20ljudi%20do%20ljudi&amp;sm=1 ) [ and somekind of balkan gangsta rap ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=u1muo-ybjqc ) - ak47 and shit ... 
  i often find this incredibly ironic , americans fear the goverment more then the people who had to live under most opressive ones . 
  thats crazy . 
  no its the white male that is under threat ... just look at the mtv video ... 
  he is a serb and a nostalgic for yugoslavia , why do you think he is pushing this agenda ? 
  i would say in america even if the white people would stop with the so called racism , things would not change as black people use race as their identification . 
  and your answer was just small percentage of white people do it , its ok . 
  i just find it odd how casual racism against white americans is ok in the usa . 
   the color of my skin  my ethnic group two separate things . 
  look man if you want to be white that is ok , or asian i dont care . 
  but that sub is just a sad . 
  sure buddy sure . 
  look where you post my son ... / r/hapas . 
  its a sad subreddit probably caused by russian domination over central asia ... 
  i think you got it counfused . 
  its not about refugee crisis but more about in eu migration . 
  that was the issue in britain . 
  most europeans dont agree with merkels policies about refugees , certainly in eastern europe and the south . 
  that does n't mean every country who disagrees will leave . 
  uk was getting way to many benefits already and were enforcing their views on eu laws even more then germany ... 
  lol , this is got to be a troll . 
  why would people do something because americans like it ? 
  edit : guy is just a sad asian man ... 
  wow can i ask why are you learining ? 
  are you from the border area ? 
  really ? 
  in lithuania ? 
  na bo\u017ei\u010dno no\u010d is a classic ... 
  but my question is why do you find it baffling ? 
  czechia was an industry hub of austria-hungary and one of the most populated region is europe since 19th century . 
  that is like asking why westfalen is so full of people . 
  albania is another horrible example because we have higher population density so saying its has 50 percent more people is because its bigger then slovenia . 
  barcelona is simply a populus city . 
  why sanghai has more people then all other ex-yugo countries combined ... what did you expect from a small country ? 
  10 million people packed in the soviet block or something ? 
  its around 80000 . 
  why would you think there are more people in slovenia , its certainly not as big as canada ... 
  are you for real ? 
  this post is so detached from reality its fucking crazy . 
   http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/555434/islamic-state-isis-smuggler-thousands-extremists-into-europe-refugees isis themselves say they reached europe that way . 
   http://www.politico.eu/article/german-intelligence-warns-of-is-hit-squads-among-refugees/ germans intelligence themselves say that . 
   http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/25/world/europe/ansbach-germany-explosion-music-festival.html?smid=nytcore-ipad-share&amp;smprod=nytcore-ipad ofc syrian refugees cant be terrorists . 
  what ? 
  for my country its kinda different . 
  look 4 % of my country is muslim , mostly bosniaks and albanians who are integrated very good . 
  we have not had an major incident since the 1991 or the so called 10day-war . 
  with amount of isis members joining refugee ranks and coming to germany , more terrorist attacks are undeniable . 
  the same goes for france , belgium and sweden . 
  any country with big non-european muslim communities are expected to have terrorist attacks .
