  in this case they are ... 
  first , trump has nothing with federalism . 
  second , there is nothing with austria or italy yet . 
  anyway czech are to dependend on german economy , leaving eu for them would be a disaster ... 
  people like this are so sad ... 
  this is the problem you do n't understand . 
  national interests of various european countries do n't necessarily aligne with usa . 
  maybe , but ordinary people will feel disconnected from brussel . 
  exectly . 
  jna was not a professional army . 
  it was a yugo milita , a few farmers with guns.they could not defeat us . 
  look i know you serbs are really proud of your half-bulit roads and shitty infrastructure but eu will come and they will invest , you have any c4 home so you can destroy it back to serb level ? 
  ( i heard you were a commando , ss divison but for serbs ofc ), 
  yep , one word and we will be there all 7000 of us . 
  and we dont have shitty serbia-balkan tactics . 
  no , no . 
  its belived that one slovenian can easily kill 20 serbs . 
  oh give me a break . 
  if our president commands in we are in beograd next weekend , putting you behind bars because you dont know how to talk to slovenian ... classic serbian arrogance . 
  this is why you guys still travel on horses and zastavas . 
  as you wish . 
  working for 2 $ a month is one of the pillars of your culture . 
  so you kinda have to protect it . 
  maybe join nato instead , try how the big boys play ? 
  things are far from finished and they wont be until you join eu . 
  sounds like a plan if we could get along  ... 
  for example , there is this notorious song : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=pkib8-2lk6s and that is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  if you really wanted for yugoslavia to work , you should let ljubljana do all the ruling ... 
  i wasnt talking about croatia specifically . 
  many serbs deny or even praise genocide . 
  that is not him doe . 
  he is serb living in slovenia . 
  you kinda get hate for croatian government ... 
  why the slovenian flag ? 
  are you a croat or bosniak ? 
  ye we know you hate slovenians prc , but to hate mixed people like zlovenci that is a sin against humanity . 
  ye , i feel like we are more alike then to our southern slavic brothers . 
  ye and learning english is kinda our thing . 
  i mean `` half '' of the country split . 
  it would be a miracle and we would be talking about another ee tiger . 
  they kinda do by : article 5 http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm, 
  exactly , national armies would sill stay but they would be smaller . 
  european army would operate similar as nato but with more european integration and components . 
  we dont need military to be the size of american . 
  thats why it would be really smart to make united european army , so national armies can downsize . 
  they run it . 
  its not like every country is treated the same . 
  and i would love if nato would collapse and encouraged eu to build their own army . 
  europe is weak in this regard . 
  its optional . 
  2 % is optional ... 
  lol fighting in dna ( stupid stupid thing to say ) is much more present in european countries with decades of wars and conflicts . 
  this is beyond stupid ... 
  i dont belive he actually is ... 
  he is troll . 
  putin-bot as you call them . 
  i dont know why we would have putin lovers in slovenia but he is probably serbian . 
  i have to say your english is incredible and you make some interesting points mr. latvian . 
  again its not just that it shows wilingness to integrate it also shows that religion is not a big part of this persons life . 
  we can say that showing willingness to integrate is a sort of loophole . 
  i agree though it should not be the sole indicator . 
  ofc its should be a factor . 
  willingness to integrate is clear ... 
  either you are navie as hell or you just do n't want to accept the facts . 
  well that would show me you want to integrate and you do n't take your religion seriously ... 
  what is your problem ? 
  converting actually means they want to integrate and are not fundamentalistic in their religion ... 
  give me a break a zdej ga bo\u0161 pa \u0161e lagal ... https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/08/09/muslims-and-islam-key-findings-in-the-u-s-and-around-the-world/, 
  but polls show that muslims in western europe are more religious than christians . 
  so it goes with this ... 
  hold on luka mesec we got our own culture ... we been under the austrians for over thousends of year and they were under ottomans for the same amount . 
  what about slovenia ? 
  we are closer to finland than to albania ... 
  yes europeans makes more than 70 % of all migrant background . 
  6.5 mil eu alone . 
  + 1.5 mil yugoslavians and 3mil ex-soviet . 
  my boy . 
  this is economics 101 . 
  bigger population = more spending that leads to higher gdp ... all studies show that migrants are a net positive for economy ... ( doesnt apply for refugees ), 
  welcome to the internet . 
  everyone whose opinion i oppose is a neo-nazi !, 
  well so does breitbart but i would not trust any of their shit ... 
  do you know homosexuality was not ilegale in poland and that poland was a place where many jews seeked refugee in the middle ages ? 
  middle ages poland  current day iran ... 
  source : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_poland https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_jews_in_poland, 
  lol , now this is just lies . 
  comparing the two is like comparing russia and north korea ... 
  doubt the story simply because of huffington post . 
  they are a garbage newspaper ... 
  russias and turkeys interests are completely different . 
  just look at syria . 
  anyway turkey is still in nato and it understands how weak they are ( massive internal problems 25 % of population is kurdish and rising ) , its like a child throwing a tantrum but actually doing nothing . 
  turkey is a pawn in a game between russia and usa . 
  they have always been like that , that is why they joined nato . 
  iran depends on russia immensely because of the embargo and lack of allies iran has , as well as unfavorable position as a only real shia power in the middle east . 
  americans have bases in turkey and over 1000 of planes there , they use it as a launching pad for attacks on its enemies in the middle east . 
  who cares what erdogan populists bullshit to crowd does , he knows his position very well . 
  europe is an ally to usa . 
  my boy , usa is the the ruler of the world and the only superpower . 
  the only country that could jeopardize that is china .
