  what are the great accomplishments of the slovenian people ? 
   i 'll tell you what : nothing . 
  if slovenia never existed the world would n't even have noticed . 
  you do n't produce anything people want , you do n't have anything people want to see , you never invented anything important , the most famous slovenian person is a slut who blows a 70 years old idiot ; you 're a geographical mistake . 
  you 're a shithole . 
   yes , we might have a lot of organised crime , but at least we 're the best at it . 
  we 're in the g8 , you 're not even in the fucking g20 . 
   we shaped the world with the roman empire and then again with the renaissance , and still today everybody wants to eat like us , dress like us , and drive our cars . 
  you have achieved so little since the beginning of human kind that not even europeans can differentiate you from slovakia , let spare me the bullshit italian history , comparing yourself to 2 million people nation - to make you feel better ... that is just sad . 
   you 're a shithole . 
  the projection is real , lol ...  yes , we might have a lot of organised crime , but at least we 're the best at it . 
  you sure are , you are also the birthplace of fascism . 
   we shaped the world with the roman empire and then again with the renaissance , and still today everybody wants to eat like us , dress like us , and drive our cars . 
  you have achieved so little since the beginning of human kind that not even europeans can differentiate you from slovakia , let alone the rest of the world . 
  worlds sees italians as a stereotype , ee fetucini pizza bolognese ... hand gesture you are becoming new greece , poor dirty and a place where we will go to spend our money and help you survive ... 
   wait a second , there is a 1 % difference between the unemployment in italy and slovenia !, 
  bahahahahahahha you 're a growing economy and ca n't even have a low rate , we had a 5 % unemployment level after fucking wwii !, 
  you 're so full of shit . 
  italy : 11,6 slovenia : 7,6 [ source ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:unemployment_rates,_seasonally_adjusted,_october_2016.png ) also most economies are growing in eu , expect italy ofc . .  no , you stole the shit we built and made what was a rich colony the dystopian eastern europe . 
  how 's being the longest-lasting and most influential empire in the history of humankind '' bad management '' ? 
  the classic italian fascist-mare nostrum ... modern italy has as much in common with roman empire as has egypt president with ancient pharaohs ...  they 're mutually intelligible . 
  sure , as much as spanish and italian are ... .  $ 8074 difference in gdp per capita says otherwise . 
  ah the famous [ italian gdp ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2007/10/22/world/europe/22iht-italy.4.8001812.html ) the land of milk and honey you say  italy 's economy has shrunk by around 10 per cent since 2007 , as the country endured a triple-dip recession . 
  output has regressed to levels of over a decade ago . 
  overall unemployment is around 12-13 per cent , with youth unemployment around 40 per cent . 
  consumption and investment are flaccid . 
   the damage is long term , with as much as 15 per cent of italian industrial capacity destroyed , reducing employment and growth potential . 
  once its strength , italy 's smaller enterprises have contracted as a result of low sales , declining profitability and lack of financing . 
  its the land of mafia afterall  transparency international ranks italy 69 out of 175 countries in perceived levels of public corruption , comparable to romania , greece and bulgaria . 
  the world bank indicator for control of corruption and the world economic forum also ranks italy poorly on indicators related to ethics and corruption . 
  the international monetary fund considers bribery a serious problem . 
  a number of prominent business figures are facing embezzlement charges as well as prosecutions for breaching regulations , highlighting the extent of the problem . 
  ye , ye , ye  while the eurozone debt crisis has been a factor , italy 's problems are more fundamental with the economy having grown little since the introduction of the euro in 1999 . 
  it must be tough being an italian  italy 's economy will not return to the levels seen before the 2008 financial crisis until the mid-2020s , the imf has said , implying `` two lost decades '' . 
  in the last 10 years , slovenian economy grew by 15.5 even with crisis , while italian actually lowered ... lol, 
  you almost seem happy that there is such widespread corruption in your country . 
  italy is so desperate they boosted their gdp numbers by including drug trade and prostitution , classic . 
  serbo-croat is not slovenian language but ok , i will forgive you . 
  you live in italy afterall . 
  by nominal gdp russia is one of the strongest economies in the world . 
  italy is going on the pathway of greece , what does it matter if the gdp is 5000 higher when you have crazy unemployment rates and stagnating economy . 
  like you said we built things from nothing while you had a big headstart and destroyed your own potential with bad management and stupid decisions ... kinda sad ... we are as poor as the next italian , the only thing that makes us different that slovenian is employed while italian is unemployed . 
  for a guy who criticises the prejudices , you are quite prejudiced yourself . 
   the vast majority of ee eu countries are net receivers of eu budget . 
  yeah right , we created the eu and we have been one its workhorses for 50 years while you were living in a socialist dystopia , a decade or so of slow growth does n't mean shit really . 
  the greed and corruption in south europe have taken great strains at eu economy . 
  the political stability of italy is laughing and economy is stagnating for almost a decade . 
   you can have a lower unemployment rate , but if you still do n't produce half of the value we do it 's not really useful , ai n't it ? 
  we are a country of 2million dumbass , while you have been stagnating eastern europe has been rising , look at the growth of poland , romania , slovakia ...  true , southern italy fucking sucks , but its gdp per capita is still higher than slovenia 's and more than twice romania 's : http://p.im9.eu/mapporn-some-west-european-countries-regional-resentments-explained-by-gdp-per-capita-872-x-925.jpg sorry but by your map we have higher gdp per capita then the south ...  bahahaha this is ridiculous , why should i pay for what my grandpa did ? 
  why do n't you pay me reparations for the slavs settling in a land that was roman and destroying all the culture and institutions we created there ? 
  i know i know thing from the 60 years ago is the same as 1300 years ago . 
  germany had to pay their repatriations , but italy as always being had to do their thing . .  i have nothing against them , i just think it 's ridiculous how much hate you have for people who are in a very similar situation to yours . 
  please tell me how are we in the same situation ? 
  i know you guys go crazy for victimizations but cmon , where do you think we live ? 
  neapel where 60 % people is unemployed and you got mafia running around . 
  south of europe is becoming the new sickman , while east is rising and getting richer by the minut ... 
  how can you say that eastern europe is supposedly sucking off money ? 
  when south europe and especially italy show a great threat to economy of europe itself . 
  look at south italy m8 , you are just as poor as romanians you condemn so much ...  we have a much higher gdp per capita than every single eastern european and mediterranean country . 
  we might be facing slow growth atm , but we 're still much more productive and wealthy than most people within and without the eu . 
  lol for how long and with how big of unemployment rates ...  what why ? 
  forced italianization of the region ... look you can be all kebab - loving guy you want but trading makes cultures alike ? 
  lol , dont forget marco polo and the great asian-italian culture ... as for migration , being in the eu gives bulgarians , romanians right by law that they can migrate in any country in the eu . 
  if italians dont like that ; leave the eu and tank your economy . 
  sad !, 
  no they should ban muslim schools for children but open them for preachers ... 
  its more then remotely true . 
   the problem is that irish economic figures are distorted by the tax avoidance strategies of a few large multinationals . 
  most of the remarkable-seeming 26.3 percent growth figure comes primarily from an increase in gross fixed capital formation ( gfcf ) . 
  this is underpinned by a rapid growth in what are called `` intangible assets '' ( a word that should cause even non-economists to raise an eyebrow ) and `` machinery and equipment '' ( capital stock ) . 
  these spikes in `` intangible assets '' and `` capital stock '' reflect three corporate tax avoidance strategies that are attractive to multinational corporations . 
   the 26.3 percent growth figure is meaningless . 
  the national accounts do n't reveal real economic growth . 
  instead , they reveal ireland 's central role in helping global companies avoid tax  this might sounds great for ireland , but it actually may not be . 
  these unbelievable figures undermine the real foreign direct investment-led export growth model that underpins the irish economy . 
  it undermines the real presence of u.s. companies , for example , in the internet-tech sector . 
  the irish debt-to-gdp ratio has now been reduced to about 80 percent . 
  the budget deficit has been significantly improved . 
  ireland will be asked to make bigger contributions to the e.u. 
  budget . 
  when the national treasury management agency goes out to sell irish bonds , it will be speaking to international markets with a national balance sheet that is based on monopoly money . 
  the fact that ireland 's national accounts have no credibility should concern the irish government and its eurozone partners . 
  your economy is a bubble ... 
  i support federalised europe , but i also strongly support anti-immigration mesures . 
  especially against illegal immigration ... 
  germany benefits from eu too much , belive me . 
  i dunno way too many people are getting accepted even doe they are not from syria . 
  german goverment should control preachers and open german teological schools . 
  is n't merkels party consider right ? 
  ireland economy is unnaturally inflated , because multinationals place headquarters there . 
  no offense  . 
  like i said our culture is very similar to austrian for example ... 
  we dont have lots of resources , so its the good kind of export . 
  we were always quite industrial country , but we should specialize more into high quality forestry products , since we have lots of forests ... and we are always happy to have more friendly tourists like you ... 
  but i would assume you are for further integration . 
  like army for example and better border control ? 
  our economy was picked as one of the most stable in europe . 
  we export so much shit into germany its crazy ... 
  they put you in but not the country that 65 % people speak german . 
  or czechs ...
