  it may have reduced the number of total boats starting in the first place , but i never argued that that was n't the case . 
  and reducing the amount of total refugees seems to be worthless to you anyway . 
  you are arguing semantics . 
  we want to stop immigration flow not the actual boats . 
  those boats can go to china if they want to as long as they dont reach europe !, 
  you are the epitome of a champagne socialist . 
  a naive middle-class german who never struggled in his entire life . 
  you moralise how tolerant are ( while looking down on others ) you while you are robbing europe blind . 
  you sackless piece of currywurst !, 
  atleast grow some balls !, 
  your points were refuted by the gentelman above . 
  you were talking your usual german '' oh i am so arrogant '' bullshit and you got humiliation . 
  there are still 300k people coming to europe . 
  that should be at 5k max . 
  you got humilated , because you were saying the australian method does n't work but it does . 
  exactly and he humiliated you . 
  you were saying things dont work because they are not 100 % . 
  in turkey case we just shifted the migrants to italy . 
  balkan route -98 % mediterranean route +20 % sure solved that problem !, 
  burger, 
  i mean i would not compare usa to eu . 
  simply there is so much diversity in terms of countries in eu . 
  the communist past in eastern europe and corruption in the south . 
  what are you then crustedlamb-democrat ? 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  you are not a christian democrat . 
  https://phys.org/news/2015-01-islamic-fundamentalism-marginal-phenomenon-europe.html the study . 
  good, 
  i would expect nothing else from you . 
  you schulz-loving sheep . 
  atleast someone is doing something to solve this crisis . 
  there are around 4-5 mil muslims in france . 
  also french muslims have much higher fundamentalist rates then for example muslims in germany . 
  lol ye iraq was raping , pillaging and murdering ... 
  maybe you are one of them , 
  wtf , the swedish are fucking crazy ... 
  44 % of european muslims are fundamentalist . 
  no its actually this false sense of intelligence and customs that encourages us to shit on our country . 
  take for example why educated young people leave this country . 
  its not that they can not use their skill and there is hostile environment to them . 
  its just the pay is better in austria and slovenia is a small market ... 
  its the tyres you use . 
  i thought schulz was more of a multiculturalism guy . 
  yes but communism is a failed ideology on which we betted on . 
  i mean its such an interesting video  . 
  change the flair to usa !, 
  now !, 
   honestly i did n't even realize you are slovakian i should get offended now but lots of european confuses us too . 
  i am actually slovenian . 
  look on some things i agree with trump-illegal immigration , islamic terrorism and usa not letting china ascend to power . 
  but there are great difference between the mindsets of european and americans . 
  especially in economic and environmental terms . 
  there is a term called christian-democrat-it means a guy who is quite socialist but still socially conservative . 
  that are the biggest parties in most of the europe . 
  can we stop with the big scary russia myth ? 
  we have great relationship with them , always had ... 
  i am not denying your army is the most powerful but to think that 0.9 of the gdp is what makes our `` socialist safe spaces '' work and if usa were to spend less we would suddenly collapse . 
  cmon even you cant believe that . 
  what usa should do if they are smart is know who are their allies ( eu , canada , australia , japan ) and who are their competitors ( china ) . 
  firstly there is no need for profanity . 
  it 's obvious you are butthurt that your fellow countrymen simply dont know their geography . 
   most americans know where brazil is dipshit . 
  a man has to wonder ... 
  i just showed you an example why `` our economy is better '' is a stupid argument to make ... 
  thats the lamest excuse to be uneducated i ever heard . 
  imagine a guy from luxembourg saying he doesnt need to know where brazil is because their gdp per capita is at 100k . 
  ye selling guns to saudi arabia is why so many european muslims are fundamentalists . 
  they are predominantly sunni afterall . 
  and then he deleted it immediately ? 
  cant blame them , lol . 
  i mean we cant blame serbian nationalist they just had to fight for their independence !, 
  edit : lol get that croatian flag out of here ... 
  what did he say ? 
  just stop with the whitewashing a-o history . 
  source on 12 % ? 
  lol , you got me confused with someone . 
  and eus interest is in helping ukraine . 
  lol . 
  its not that russia ca n't be resisted without usa . 
  but more like eu is too divided to do anything together . 
  that i really doubt . 
  ah you know , just a symbol of oppressing women and a real threat . 
  ofc its a muslim tradition which they can easily enjoy in the middle east . 
  immigrants have a obligation to conform to hosts culture . 
  there is a paradox of tolerance , like tolerance of intolerance . 
  and slovenia is faster then britain . 
  what do we want to prove here again ? 
  its more like you are offended by burqa ban because of your fee fees . 
  i pity you have to live in such a shithole . 
  eu - wide burqa ban cant come fast enough . 
   retarded , backward religious opinions are you sure we are not talking about islam ? 
  what do you know ? 
  all of them . 
  its the most selfless country in the world . 
  but would you be willing to defend yourself ? 
  as expected piss-poor joke about my country to dismiss your country 's shame . 
  i mean no offense but atleast we have guns , 
  this form of nationalism hurts refugees and we would n't want that , right ? 
  i dont know if a delicate german flower such as yourself even knows what word tough means . 
  like i said you guys got de-nazified after the war .
