  i gave you an fact , something harvard business school teaches but sure we got this bright young mind like kontaktni center that can solve anything.he just needs to bullshit enough . 
  ah and now you gon na use that classic homophobic serb rant ... 
  this is where we can agree my son . 
  what is your favorite ansambl ? 
  you sound like mladi muzikantje guy ... 
  watch for nato coup in slovenia . 
  how is slovenia treating their russian minority ? 
  people live better . 
  we got more allies , russia is not the only country in the world . 
  slovenia has bigger and healthier economy . 
  we dont need an army , we should pay our police better instead . 
  you talked about les socialism . 
  the french socialism , which we lack . 
  if we are talking about the slovenia and most countries that operate on a fractional reserve banking system then a government unable to accumulate debt would be an economic disaster . 
  much like how a bank is able to lend out far more money than it holds in assets able to carry that risk , if everybody takes a run on the bank then the illusion of all that borrowed money in the system is crashed and the economy takes a nose dive . 
  we maintain the illusion of course because of the simple fact that borrowing money now and quickly provides for a fast efficient economy . 
  governments are much the same way in that they are also borrowing from central banks by floating bonds . 
  these bonds have an opportunity to mature so that they can not be paid back immediately . 
  they retain value however as long as people are willing to buy them , and they are valuable even though they may never be really paid back because the government spends a good deal of its annual budget on servicing that debt ( paying interest ) . 
  that interest is generally good to peg to inflation which is why they are considered safe as long as the government as considered safe and legitimate . 
  so in essence most money introduced the system is through debt , and while it is a house of cards , the alternative would be that government would be slow and ineffective to react , unable to handle national emergencies or wars , and would periodically run the risk of ineffective services due to an extremely volatile income ( tax income goes down in a bad economy ) . 
  if instead they were to print money every time they ran short then inflation would be highly volatile as well and this would cause the economy to be highly volatile ( eg . 
  see the 19th century us economy for an example ) . 
  for matters of national security , and a quick efficient economy the government must be able to introduce money into the system by taking on debt as it does not have a sudden effect on inflation and makes the government more functional . 
  serbs are simply dumb , thats all . 
  pls educate yourself next time ... 
  m8 stop with that stupid western propaganda , the 2million estonians opressed russians like crazy . 
  sounds delicious . 
  exectly , all that is what we had in yugoslavia , could not said it better myself . 
  thank god we now have more of everything . 
  lol ofc the russification never happend . 
  it was the estonianization ... no m8 obama is a muslim . 
  if we would be speaking german , great !, 
  lol that is macroeconomy 101 . 
  countries without debt are simply badly run . 
  look son slovenia is probably the best country that ever existed , you cant compare it to yugoslavia . 
  its like comparing slovenian man to serbs . 
  its soo obvious . 
  bosnians are really nice people . 
  humble and hardworking ... my mother is going to sarajevo this week to give a lecture to their neurosurgeons ( which were btw the only guys in tracksuits , maygars , czechs and romanians all had their fancy suits on . ), 
  she better bring lots of baklava home . 
  i know my grandfather would get dismissed often by the dutch or british because we had different plans and because he came from a small country . 
  thankfully he united country with same interests , so he would then represent finland , slovenia , czech , estonia , latvia ... 
  people you send to eu are quite corrupt . 
  i am sure pahor is already onto that . 
  he is a sebian migrant who belives slovenia government committed terrorist action when we left yugoslavia . 
  i think like he doesnt feel like a slovenian , but when he comes back down to serbia people call him slovenian . 
  so he is stuck between homland and new country . 
  classic second immigrant generation problem ... 
  same with the turks in germany ... 
  lol yes we are . 
  we are way better then in 91 . 
  kontaktni center guy is basically a serb nationalist who by the way i love to trigger ... 
  you dont get it ... just because obama is president doesnt mean the usa cant adopt racist policies ... like i said stalin could be japanese ... 
  you mean yugoslavia ? 
  all the countries in the world amass debt . 
  its actually healthy for a country to have some debt . 
  production jobs will never come back because of automatization . 
  yugoslavia was a shit country , if slovenians would rule it instead of serbians we could be talking about next germany but you know how it is with the serbs . 
  their brains are scientifically proven to be smaller then of normal people . 
  your argument falls apart because stalin could be jewish or korean or nigerian . 
  the state was using russification tactics - very nationalistic policy . 
  hitler felt he was german , stalin felt he was russian ... 
  stats show more slovenians work in industry sector then neighbouring countries . 
  it might not be the what it was but still a lot of them stand today . 
  ignoring the fact communism is a fantasy ? 
  ok sure . 
  ignoring the fact third reich was lead by a austrian ? 
  like i said half on this companies got busted because failed privatization , but still there are many who survived ... 
  i am sure you will my \u0107efo friend . 
  lol commies can be a lots of things son . 
  because real commmunism doesnt exist . 
  its just a label , russification under communist rule sounds very nationalistic ... 
  it was holding us back , but our companies could not compete with western ones . 
  we were paying a lot of money for poor parts of yugoslavia while being governed by beograd , also my grandfather got denied several jobs because he was not in communist party , even do he was more than qualified . 
  i would rather be a serf to brussels then dirty serbs . 
  serbian nationalist !, 
  quite a lot of companies actually survived , the tycoon privarization destroyed many doe . 
  there is some industry . 
  more people are employed in industry then in austria , italia , hungary and croatia for example . 
  most are in the hands of russians . 
  like steel factorys ( i am talking about fancy ones not 19th century . ), 
  our country was the most industrialized in yugoslavia , so ofc we keept more then others ... 
  the thing is our companys were primarily for yugoslav market , so when yugo collapsed we had to find other market    germany . 
  this guy is a commie ... 
  ofc . 
  we are a small country , with not as big or bad corruption as you may think . 
  we got lots of german influence ... , we aspire to be austria  . 
  this is fairly liberal site with even more liberal subreddit . 
  most people put immigration and economy as the biggest issues of modern day europe . 
  you are kinda talking to a bubble , for example there was a question in askreddit that asked : liberals , what is your most conservative viewpoint , conservatives what is your most liberal viewpoint ? 
  and the answers were classic reddit . 
  liberals talked about how they liked guns and conservatives talked about how they belive in global warming and approve gay-marriage ... 
  they same thing happened in brexit thread where every supposed brit was against brexit . 
  reddit wants to hear what it wants to hear and usually when people come with this questions , they are expecting answers that aligne with their beliefs . 
  its ironic doe . 
  you flee from supposed war-torn country but dont want to stay in eastern europe . 
  true . 
  i think eu will take the road of soft and slow federalization . 
  its already happening since its creation .
