  i disagree . 
  eu should sponsor this . 
  italy has actually a huge problem here . 
  but i am sure you guys are gon na keep importing ukrainians and romanians . 
  2.1 is replacment fertility but 1.9 would mean population would go down really slowly like -1 % in 10 years . 
  i think we need stable population not growing one . 
  fertility rate around 1.9 would be perfect one . 
  what we should do is what belarus did they raised their fertility for 0.4 in 10 years with smart goverment programs . 
  besides romania , slovenia , czech , bulgaria , slovakia , lithuania , estonia , latvia have all had a raise in a fertility rates . 
  spain , portugal and italy are really falling behind . 
  its not like you germans will have this problem . 
  700k eu migrants flock to germany every year !, 
  because working population pay taxes for our welfare states . 
  we you have lots of pensioners who are costing us a fortune and not many working population who pay for those people , we have a problem . 
  fertility rate of eu is 1.6 while fertility rate of usa is around 1.9 . 
  the biggest problems are in south and eastern europe and central while western and northern population is quite stable . 
  east and south have even more problems with rapid emigration and depopulation . 
  but eastern countries fertility rate has risen by 0.3 in last 10 years . 
  its the most important value of european societies for me . 
  ofc getting that to middle east where religion rules , i dunno . 
  depends on the restaurant . 
  you could just get escorted out , but you could also get beaten up ... 
  in 2002 census slovene ethnicity was around 81 % . 
  the next 15 years we had one of the biggest net migration in the eu . 
  30k people came in 2008 alone . 
  and there are supossed to be more than 11 % foreign born people living in slovenia . 
  we are not even counting bosniaks that came here during yugoslavia and we already have 100k people from bosnia . 
  lol, 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  usa is our enemy ? 
  what are you drinking buddy ? 
  i think we would welcome eu migration , but i remember 2008 when we were getting as many people as germany got refugees . 
  our country expaned by 1 % every year , the highest net migration in europe . 
  and now we have as many foreign-born as germany - 11-12 % of population . 
  he is a known crybaby , this dutchi, 
  first of all if they are not at danger you can deny entry to anyone . 
  so yes you can ban people from those countries coming here , if they are not refugees, 
  yes i would support this !, 
  where ? 
  in poland ? 
  sure and we will punish estonia for being in thr soviet union when they took parts of poland . 
  you guys never got punished for your crimes and never repented for your past . 
  most lying about it and switching sides does n't change that !, 
  i am tired . 
  lets just agree . 
  viva italia ... 
   the rapallo treaty is from 1922 i am talking about the period between the and of the war end the treaty of osimo of 1975 who also beside setting the border also included a set of protection of the few italian speakers remaining ending an era of persecution and forced exiles and closing two major points of tension oh so between the war . 
  i am sure those polish bastards did horrible things to poor invading germans . 
  first you spark nationalist tensions and then you invade but at the end you are the victim ? 
  you are like serbs ; main preparatiors and instigatiors of conflict and murder but at same as the you try to paint like this was some kind of middle conflict where the sides are the same ... 
   118.959 italian speakers + 56.916 italian citizens 56.916 slovenian speakers i guess we got different numbers ... 
   starting from 1922 , fascism came to power in italy . 
  the fascist policies included strong nationalistic policies . 
  minorities rights were severely reduced . 
  this included the shutting down of educational facilities in slavic languages , forced italianization of citizen 's names , and the brutal persecution of protests to such a situation . 
  in zadar , many croats left due to these oppressive policies of the fascist government . 
  similar oppression can not be said to have taken place in yugoslav dalmatia with the remaining dalmatian italians , as no form of forced slavification took place . 
  in fact italian minorities living in yugoslavia had some degree of protection , according to the rapallo treaty ( such as italian citizenship and primary instruction ) . 
  all this increased the intense resentment between the two ethnic groups . 
  where in 19th century there was conflict only in the upper classes , there was now an increasing mutual hatred present in varying degrees among the entire population . 
   how could one be so foolish to compare the indiscriminate masacres of italian speakers down in carsic wells , the forced exiles , the imprisonment in `` resorts '' like goli otock , the forced slavification wich included `` mild '' acts like the closure of italian schools to persecution if daring of speaking italian out of home . 
  we are in the classic balkan situation . 
  we are the bosniak and you are the serbs . 
   how could one be so foolish to compare the indiscriminate masacres of italian speakers down in carsic wells source ? 
   the imprisonment in `` resorts '' like goli otock aha the place where :7235 srbov , 3341 \u010crnogorcev , 2586 hrvatov , 882 makedoncev in 555 slovencev died ? 
  how many italians ? 
   the forced slavification wich included `` mild '' acts like the closure of italian schools to persecution if daring of speaking italian out of home . 
  you are a liar !, 
   starting from 1922 , fascism came to power in italy . 
  the fascist policies included strong nationalistic policies . 
  minorities rights were severely reduced . 
  this included the shutting down of educational facilities in slavic languages , forced italianization of citizen 's names , and the brutal persecution of protests to such a situation . 
  in zadar , many croats left due to these oppressive policies of the fascist government . 
  similar oppression can not be said to have taken place in yugoslav dalmatia with the remaining dalmatian italians , as no form of forced slavification took place . 
  in fact italian minorities living in yugoslavia had some degree of protection , according to the rapallo treaty ( such as italian citizenship and primary instruction ) . 
  all this increased the intense resentment between the two ethnic groups . 
  where in 19th century there was conflict only in the upper classes , there was now an increasing mutual hatred present in varying degrees among the entire population . 
  it had a slovene majority in till 13 century probably , most of styria did . 
  slavs actually created the city . 
   even excluding italian citizens residing in town italian speakers where still twice than slovinian speaker . 
  that would be incorrect . 
  inner city war around 95 thousends italian speakers . 
   well one it could argue that the main difference ( and maybe only ) that the two groups had , having been leaving together since the night of times , was the lenguage they spoke natively . 
  is the main difference between austrians and germans the language they speak ? 
  or scottish and english ? 
  yes i think we only had majority in carinthia . 
  sady the forced germanization kinda did their things-s\u00fcdmark and deutscher schulverein there . 
  you cant compare . 
  you were killing slovenians in camps and forced italization on them , slovenian could not be spoken , you looked on them like dogs . 
  the english diplomat compared it to how black were treated in america !, 
  not able to buy real estate seem like a fairly tale . 
  more like fucking turks . 
  i mean speaking italian doesnt mean you are italian . 
  most jewish people in trieste spoke italian . 
  they are counted under italians . 
  in the city most people spoke italian even foreigners . 
  while suburbs and villages were all very much slovene . 
  there were around 17 % foreigners . 
  no you dont understand . 
  city is really being left behind .
