  no there goverment has ties to isis , plus the treat their minority like and that is only the tip of the iceberg shit . 
  but tell me how we should accept them into eu . 
  i am not talking about styria . 
  certain haider comes to mind . 
  hail to his name ... 
  turks outnumber russians here 3:1 . 
  you must be biased as fuck to not see this . 
  the thing is you treat slovenian minority way worse then we do our hungarian or italians minoritys . 
  plus your country never got punished for ww2 endovers like germans for example ... 
  on this subreddit russia is seen as the devil , while turkey always gets a slip . 
  atleast is not islam doe ... 
  nope , they just report real news . 
  first time i heard of this ... 
  lol we good . 
  what is wrong with slovenske novice ? 
  i know objective reporting can anger lots of people but still ? 
  they were never . 
  the ^ croatian word infront of croatian newspapers corrupts them . 
   croatian newspapers  respectable paper pick one, 
  exactly , there is no better dish . 
  lol acting like serbia is a country , not another subregion of greater albania ... 
  this guy !, 
  diaspora is often even more nationalistic . 
  its a funny phenomena . 
  uk is an island . 
  russia would have very hard time getting on it . 
  if they are fighting for baltics sure . 
  but uk at least has professional soliders , ready to deploy any time they need ... 
  atleast he is not 100 % troll like that serbian who lives in slovenia guy . 
  that guy will shitpost everywhere while licking putins cold russian balls . 
  there was an excellent article written about it : http://nationalinterest.org/blog/the-buzz/not-so-scary-why-russias-military-paper-tiger-14136 uk and france definitely ... 
  russian military is outdated and has lots of problems . 
  i am not saying putin didnt try and reform some of it , but still ... and i am not even comparing them to usa but forces around europe ... 
  ah the famous yugoslav commando ... 
  i see you are doing some special ops stuff in ukraine , i got to ask did you kill osama ? 
  lol you are putting all the blame on eu and the banks . 
  people of greece are as much as guilty as them ... 
  trump is not a fascist ... 
  lol . 
  eu taxpayers spent hundreds of dollars in greece economic crisis . 
  you can blame the banks , eu . 
  but greeces goverment is largely at fault here . 
  as soon as albania joins half of their population will emigrate . 
  europe needs years and years of stable investment into this region . 
  and there have never been real fascism ... bla bla bla . 
  no true scotsman ... 
  the road to communism is revolution . 
  that means people will get killed , jailed , their property taken , raped and so on ... 
  nope , the judge could be biased against him because of the things he said , not because he is white/black/orange . 
  one billioner has history in intervining in politics while other has obama certificate history , are you saying you cant see the difference ? 
  i mean uk is a `` white '' country . 
  most people that are white are natives and recive better education so ofc they are then more qualified and more likely to judges . 
  i dont think there are so much biases against black as there are against poor . 
  it just happens to be that most blacks are poor because american history . 
  oh shit i forgot , netherlands are not in eu or europe . 
  dutch heritage ... american very interesting . 
  so how is life in the states ? 
  and you are ? 
  american i presume ... 
   and then fills his cabinet with the establishment . 
  because trump knows that when money talks bullshit walks . 
  he was a billioner who got loved by poorest . 
  its kinda ironic ...  yeah but this guys mexican so he 's not a competent judge to judge my case he is saying that he might be biased because of it . 
  which is kinda understandable , imagine a kkk supporter that is innocent being on trial that black judge runs . 
  our bias is there no matter how much we try to be objective . 
  but special teams should look up this cases so we can be sure there is no problems . 
  i belive the judge can actually be objective but there should be a commity that watches over this stuff . 
   while simueltaneously denying that an overwhelmingly white judicial system might be harsher on black people then you just look a hypocrite dancing around some clear racial i dont belive judical system is white . 
  i actually think our militarys are desperte for funds . 
  really speak to your local military guys , we should spend some more money on our defense . 
  trump will say a million things , most of them will either be lies or false promises ... 
  do you think i support trump ? 
  lol i am not even from america . 
  but i think koch brothers and soros are classic liberal-conservative backers ... and cant be compared to trump . 
  he won by being a anti-establishment option . 
  he is not a fascist or a racist or a homophob . 
  he is simply a oppurtunistic man who will one day say this and the other that , whatever suits him most . 
  classic sales person . 
  i personally would have voted for sanders if i was an american . 
  their education and healthcare are a mess ... 
  sure but soros is just liberal koch brothers . 
  he invested in american politics since he became rich . 
   on november 11 , 2003 , in an interview with the washington post , soros said that removing president george w. bush from office was the `` central focus of my life '' and `` a matter of life and death . '', 
  he said he would sacrifice his entire fortune to defeat bush `` if someone guaranteed it . 
  '' [ 81 ] [ 82 ] soros gave $ 3 million to the center for american progress , $ 2.5 million to moveon.org , and $ 20 million [ 83 ] to america coming together . 
  these groups worked to support democrats in the 2004 election . 
  on september 28 , 2004 , he dedicated more money to the campaign and kicked off his own multistate tour with a speech : why we must not re-elect president bush [ 84 ] delivered at the national press club in washington , d.c. 
  the online transcript to this speech received many hits after dick cheney accidentally referred to factcheck.org as `` factcheck.com '' in the vice presidential debate , causing the owner of that domain to redirect all traffic to soros 's site . 
  [ 85 ] his 2003 book , the bubble of american supremacy , was a forthright critique of the bush administration 's `` war on terror '' as misconceived and counterproductive , and a polemic against the re-election of bush . 
  he explains the title in the closing chapter by pointing out the parallels in this political context with the self-reinforcing reflexive processes that generate bubbles in stock prices . 
  when soros was asked in 2006 about his statement in the age of fallibility that `` the main obstacle to a stable and just world order is the united states , '' he responded that `` it happens to coincide with the prevailing opinion in the world . 
  and i think that 's rather shocking for americans to hear . 
  the united states sets the agenda for the world . 
  and the rest of the world has to respond to that agenda . 
  by declaring a ` war on terror ' after september 11 , we set the wrong agenda for the world ... 
  when you wage war , you inevitably create innocent victims . 
  '' [ 86 ] soros was not a large donor to u.s. political causes until the 2004 presidential election , but according to the center for responsive politics , during the 2003 -- 04 election cycle , soros donated $ 23,581,000 to various 527 groups ( tax-exempt groups under the united states tax code , 26 u.s.c. 
  the groups aimed to defeat president bush . 
  after bush 's re-election soros and other donors backed a new political fundraising group called democracy alliance , which supports progressive causes and the formation of a stronger progressive infrastructure in america . 
  [ 87 ] in august 2009 soros donated $ 35 million to the state of new york to be earmarked for underprivileged children and given to parents who had benefit cards at the rate of $ 200 per child aged 3 through 17 , with no limit as to the number of children that qualified .
