  well the populations of the muslim russian caucasus make around 8 mil people . 
  so that is 6 % and we are not counting tatarstan for example . 
  but meeting muslim people in russia showed me they are more of cultural muslims rather than actual religious ones ... 
  well i met plenty who do consider themselves russian first and muslim distant second . 
  indeed . 
  its bad for western standards but in regards to turkey is actually really good . 
  i do n't watch russia today . 
  and you are cherry picking countries from eastern europe to suit your agenda . 
  man you got erdogan . 
  your media can barley be called independent ... 
  turkey makes eastern europe look like sweden . 
  europe is home to liberal values . 
  the continent where they are the strongest . 
   istanbul has many , many gay clubs and bars . 
  again , just because there are conservative people does n't mean that they all go around attacking gay groups or events . 
  soon this will happen . 
  its clear . 
  turkey tried to play secularism game and because of european influences was sorta accepting of gay but that is all changing now . 
  western cities are full of conservative turks coming from the east anyway . 
  soon izmir will be just like istanbul or ankara ...  also , how does being tolerant of gay people have anything to do with european values ? 
  when did liberal values equate to european values ? 
  the originate from europe . 
   liberalism first became a distinct political movement during the age of enlightenment , when it became popular among philosophers and economists in the western world . 
  liberalism rejected the prevailing social and political norms of hereditary privilege , state religion , absolute monarchy , and the divine right of kings . 
  the 17th-century philosopher john locke is often credited with founding liberalism as a distinct philosophical tradition . 
  locke argued that each man has a natural right to life , liberty and property , while adding that governments must not violate these rights based on the social contract . 
  liberals opposed traditional conservatism and sought to replace absolutism in government with representative democracy and the rule of law . 
   homosexuality was never illegal under polish law , and poland was one of the first countries to avoid punishing homosexuality in early modern era . 
   there was never any anti-homosexual law under a free polish government ( excluding homosexual prostitution 1932 -- 1969 ) . 
   during the partitions of poland ( 1795 -- 1918 ) laws prohibiting homosexuality were imposed by the occupying powers . 
  homosexuality was recognized by law in 1932 with the introduction of a new penal code . 
  the age of consent was set to 15 , equal to that of heterosexual partners . 
  homosexual prostitution was legalized in 1969 . 
  now both poland and turkey are bad for gays . 
  but poland is in eu and european values are much more prevalent . 
  you cant even compare ... maybe read a [ report ] ( http://ilga.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/shadow-report-16.pdf ) on this and stop with this bullshit ... 
  in poland the homosexuality was never criminalized before the soviets . 
  and i am not here talking about how great poland is for gays , its actually better than turkey but ok .  the lgbt community in turkey faces constant harassment - by right-wing radicals , religious fundamentalists and basically anyone opposed to a liberal society . 
  that appears to include the government . 
  even though homosexuality is not a crime in turkey ( unlike in a number of other muslim countries ) , the authorities tend to curtail the rights of the lgbt community . 
  the most recent example of this was the ban on the annual gay pride parade in late june . 
  the official reason was that the timing of the parade during ramadan would offend conservative muslims , while the governor of istanbul also cited security concerns . 
  the police were instructed to do whatever necessary to prevent the event taking place . 
  gay rights activist g\u00f6rkem ulumeri\u00e7 and his friends refused to be cowed by the threat of violence and even arrest . 
  they believe the lgbt community in turkey has a right to be seen and heard . 
  did they suceed in celebrating gay pride despite the ban ? 
  i mean come on ... 
  anecdotal evidence is useless . 
  i never met a turk that would n't deny genocide one way or try to play it down . 
  does n't mean all do it ... 
  anyway comparing anti-slavism with anti-islamis is just laughable . 
  those things are in different galaxies if we are talking about the size of them . 
  the fact is probably you got a little mad about the size of religious fundamentalism in muslim communities across europe and tried to use false equivalence aka hurr durr slavs are also hated bla bla ... 
  speak to some more westerners , maybe travel a bit . 
  you need to get prespective not just from the internet . 
  lol slavs . 
  if anything 99 % of muslims . 
  go back to denying genocide buddy ... 
  if we are kicking people with extreme beliefs out then better get ready for massive deportations of muslims ... 
  you heard him boys . 
  lets take back constantinople ... 
  because thinking about things like `` if someone tries to hurt you will then you hurt them back '' is the definition of not understanding the situation . 
  this has n't started with war on terror and countries that are completely neutral still get the same problems . 
  what he proposes is a simple solution that works maybe on a crowd of simpletons such as his voters . 
  it 's obvious he is detached from reality if you look up his budget plans ... 
  lol you talk like a child . 
  you really think western intervention is what drives those extremists ? 
  come on ... 
  wow they bombed a few weddings . 
  oh boy democracy is never coming to middle east because of it ... 
   i think she looks absolutely hideous tbh . 
  really fake and off-putting face . 
  well this is obviously false . 
  brad pitt is also a disgusting looking man , no jawline ... bla bla bla . 
  deregulation and the promotion of flexible , low-income , state-subsidised so-called `` mini-jobs '' . 
   starting with the corporatist agreement struck between government , companies and unions back in 1999 , wages have been artificially held down . 
  while german workers ' productivity has advanced by 17.8 % over the past 15 years , their pay has actually fallen when set against inflation . 
   as west germany absorbed soviet-dominated east germany in the 1990s , the united germany was often called the `` sick man of europe . '' wage increases outpaced productivity , and lavish unemployment benefits led many workers to stay home rather than take low-paying jobs . 
   through a series of overhauls introduced by the government in concert with industry and labor unions , germany aimed to get healthy again . 
  the nation slashed long-term jobless benefits , which encouraged more people to enter the job market . 
  it took steps to ensure that rising productivity of german industry translated into more people in the labor force rather than higher wages . 
   the measures worked exceptionally well , which is reflected in both the stagnant wages and a falling german jobless rate . 
  goverment can absolutely influence labor market . 
  - raising minimum wage - strengthening unions ( collective bargaining rights ) - updating overtime rules - tax and transfer programs, 
  completely logical since wages were keept low artificially . 
  yes you had and you did n't have this enormous surplus . 
  bundesbank and ecb are instructing the same thing . 
  all right wingers = fascist . 
  wake up polish people , your goverment wants to exterminate you !, 
  that means nothing . 
  look at the savings rate of your households or your private consumption : http://imgur.com/a/ahg9p the secret of german triumph is quite simply demand elsewhere . 
  i dont think you understand , if every country in eu would follow german suit there would be extremly low demand . 
  no one would be able to slur up those surpluses . 
  it would make us all poor , including germany ... 
   conspiracy for competitive deflation . 
  wot ? 
  explain to me how this is a hoax ? 
   the problem that other countries are having is that germany imports less than other countries would like to . 
  goverment lead policies made that . 
   you can try to change the value of the euro but is not going to hurt their trade surplus in any meaningful way .
