  are we on tumbler ? 
  you were gon na block be on a basis of different opinion ? 
  maybe you came here with this question and already knew the answer you wanted to get ... 
  ahm the truth is comical to you . 
  let me quote jack nicholsen ( from few good men ) ; `` you ca n't handle the truth ! '', 
  where did i say that ? 
  half of cyprus is occupied by turks anyway . 
  remember where you come from . 
  your country butchered millions and genocided even more people . 
  my country only accepted refugees and helps people . 
  lol , geography is lacking in your country apparently . 
  germany is in central europe . 
  but why even bother , country as irrelevant as slovenia is banking on 2x bigger wagers already . 
  what are you on about ? 
  are you really calling me a christian fundamentalist ? 
  that precher fucking boys religion can suck my balls and your prophet fucking children religion too . 
  we are the bastion of western values . 
  simple facts . 
  based on facts . 
  if india got its shit together they would be the strongest nation on earth . 
  its like saying wow slovakia has a potential to surpass switzerland economic if everyone thing in the country was `` progressive '' . 
  but if we go by this stupid potential thing , russia is a country with most potential in the world . 
  but if you honestly think you are gon na be richer then the germans because you would suddenly turn european , then oo boi , you are in for a treat . 
  lets stay grounded in reality . 
  turkey would never surpass central or east european countries in economic success . 
  sure they got lots of potential , so do any other country on the planet . 
  i think you are thinking russia with their 145mil and oil , gas , uranium , copper , coal , farming . 
  turkey wont be more secular , even turks in europe are much more religious than americans for example . 
  they are going back to being islamic shithole they are . 
  there is also one big problem . 
  immigration from turkey . 
  ( same for russia ) we would literally have millions of turks moving to richer parts of eu . 
  and noone wants more of muslim immigrants . 
  let me give you a good advice . 
  dont talk about things you know nothing about . 
  stick to classic german things like greece , refugees and you will be fine . 
  lol , good one . 
  haider made sure that they are treated well . 
  slovenian languages has n't been in the constitution for over 100years . 
  ah would someone please think of slovenian germans , the famous nazi collaborators . 
  the renounced their citizenship while their homes were raized by italians . 
  stop talking about things you know nothing about ok ? 
  ofc i like fellow slavs over bunch of kebabs . 
  sadly turkey . 
  kemalists though , wonderful people . 
  again stop projecting your feel-good beliefs that are not backed by stats . 
  44 % of european muslims are fundamentalistic and 60 % put religious law over country 's law . 
  i lived in munich ( those ugly blocks in olimpic park ) and have seen more muslims ( and talked to more ) that you have ever in your lifetime . 
  the `` butcher '' of cartihian slovens . 
  despicable guy . 
  there was a joke about how he loved to pull slovenian signs out and now he crashed into one . 
  slovenian minority in austria is treated quite bad . 
  good luck with that in islam . 
  you people are one of the most ungrateful bastards that ever lived . 
  and i am coming from eastern europe . 
  billions of mone invested into poland , so you could cry that your living standard is higher . 
  god stopped that evil man . 
  no , there simply isnt many africans in slovenia . 
  its not a that well known country . 
  they are okay . 
  there is only one well known african living in slovenia . 
  his name is [ peter bossman ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/peter_bossman ) . 
  he is a mayor and a doctor . 
  smart guy . 
  n-va literally preaches - liberal conservatism . 
  cant get more centre-right than that . 
  vlaams belang is a far-right party . 
  \u0160i\u0161ka is in my opinion not that bad . 
  fu\u017eine , rakova jel\u0161a and \u0161tepanc are considered poor and immigrant parts of town . 
  i agree with what you wrote but making excuses like this :  in that very clip you can hear the guy throwing something say `` do n't fucking film me '' , and yet they are , and keep , pointing the camera straight at him and holding the boom above him . 
  i do n't know many who would take too kindly to such disrespect . 
  and that 's what was aired , we do n't know what was left on the cutting room floor . 
  they may very well have deliberately provoked a response , in the very least they facilitated one . 
  are making me doubt you are actually objective . 
  nowhere in our poor neighborhoods of ljubljana are you gon na get beaten for filming . 
  and also the what we see and what we ca n't see agrument is horrible and often used to discredit media ala trump . 
  if you find a better way of defining political standings then i am sure world will be ready to listen to it . 
  i agree its not always perfect though . 
  the problem is small goverment control and lassize policies on companies are kinda more american rightwing . 
  europe is much more `` socialist '' . 
  i am not saying that right wing parties here dont support but if we go by economic policies , netherlands , uk and ireland are the most right-wing countries in europe . 
  while france , germany and italy are one of thr biggest lefties . 
  exception proves the rule . 
  hard skepticism is usually far-right territory while soft skepticism usually is far left . 
  ofc there are 28 countries in the eu . 
  n-va is actually centre-right party though . 
  thats why i asked ... 
  he talked about defining right wing ideology , and as you said there is no such thing as `` right-wing '' ideology . 
  barcelona is also a big software hub and since you speak b2 , i would recommend you spain . 
  also better wether and night-life . 
  ok , let me ask a question then : what issues define right wing ideology ? 
  the eu is very much a right-left issue . 
  not in sweden perhaps but far-right is hard eurosceptic while far-left is soft . 
  what are your stances on homosexuality , abortion , immigration , muslim immigration , welfare state , culture revisionism , families , religion ? 
  i do think this sub is very leftist . 
  i myself for example am pro-eu , but on this subreddit there is n't a single guy against it . 
  right-wing people are 100 % being shunned in this place , but i agree its not r/communism . 
  i never met a guy who you describe . 
  but trying to act like this sub is moderate is laughable . 
  you gon na say you are n't ?
