  almost every nation on earth suffered some kind of oppression . 
  what you are proposing is a lunacy , my neighbour cant listen to national slovenian music and do various of our stuff because his grandfathers goverment tried to erase our culture ? 
  because they changed our names to be more italian or german , because our language could not be spoken , because you were sent to the battle head-first as your life meant less then of a austrian ... 
  native americans or african-americans are not the only one that we 're opressed . 
  and this punishment for all the `` white people '' , oh they opressed us , now its our payback is laughable ... you can be angry at people because they do n't understand your culture but hell i dont see italians calling americans racist because they have a pizza with 38484 toppings . 
  this has nothing to do with racism or opression . 
  its just people being dicks and stupid . 
  what you are proposing is a hate relationship between cultures because people of other then you enjoy them . 
  people around the world are appropriating so much of the european culture , that we could be angry for decades ... 
  m8 this is not your safe-space . 
  muh imperialism , muh colonialism ... 
  lol these white kids who are born in 90 personally destroyed your culture . 
  sjw are fucking crazy . 
  classic self-absorbed leftie you are , lol ignoring central and eastern europe only taking countries as spain , portugal , netherlands , british and france ... . . could you please deport yourself to africa , i am sure you love tribialism . 
  a joke . 
  its a joke . 
  a an honest hard-working guy then , those we do not like . 
  komunajzarja !, 
  ok lets see gdp growth lower then 1.6 % and then from around 6-9 % lower gdp after 15 years and we are talking really talking minimums . 
  i am willing to send you some money if you need it bud  . 
  your delusion knows no bounds . 
  there is no growth forecast from executive summary ... 
   he 's saying that our gdp will grow slower as a result of brexit . 
  not that our gdp will shrink as a result of it . 
  where does it say that ? 
   these estimates are based on the eu as it is today , without further reform . 
  the total cost of leaving is likely to be higher . 
  the new settlement for the uk negotiated by the prime minister in february 2016 included an ambitious agenda of economic reform in the eu . 
  this will include the next stage of development of the single market , with a focus on bringing down the remaining barriers to trade in services , energy and digital , alongside completing major ongoing trade deals . 
  if the economic benefits of reform are realised this could increase uk gdp by up to a further 4 % -- which equates to # 2,800 for every household in the uk . 
  with the uk outside the eu these economic reforms would be less likely to happen . 
  so the cost of exit in terms of the potential loss of gdp would be correspondingly greater . 
   the hm treasury analysis , which is in line with academic research , shows that eu membership increases trade with eu members by around three quarters . 
   almost three quarters of foreign investors cite access to the european market as a reason for their investment in the uk . 
   is estimated that 3.3 million jobs are linked to exports from the uk to other eu countries . 
   these estimates are based on the eu as it is today , without further reform . 
  the total cost of leaving is likely to be higher . 
  the new settlement for the uk negotiated by the prime minister in february 2016 included an ambitious agenda of economic reform in the eu . 
  this will include the next stage of development of the single market , with a focus on bringing down the remaining barriers to trade in services , energy and digital , alongside completing major ongoing trade deals . 
  if the economic benefits of reform are realised this could increase uk gdp by up to a further 4 % -- which equates to # 2,800 for every household in the uk . 
  with the uk outside the eu these economic reforms would be less likely to happen . 
  so the cost of exit in terms of the potential loss of gdp would be correspondingly greater . 
  your country is getting destroeyed m8 . 
   if we take as a central assumption that the uk would seek a negotiated bilateral agreement , like canada has , the costs to britain are clear . 
  based on the treasury 's estimates , our gdp would be 6.2 % lower , families would be # 4,300 worse off and our tax receipts would face an annual # 36 billion black hole . 
  this is more than a third of the nhs budget and equivalent to 8p on the basic rate of income tax . 
   could you tell me which page they forecast the recession on ? 
  i found it my son . 
  as long as 300k people are hitting italians shores every year , right will keep rising . 
  we should stabilize libiya and stop this low-workforce migration into eu . 
  [ as ti tud no padu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1qna5fngqc ) one of the most successful and entertaining show ever created . 
   ( ignore ` you know who ' ) what is this supossed to mean ? 
  lol . 
  gets some more , you have a nice flag . 
  it was only a joke . 
  but duly noted sir . 
  only if they are muslims , so its ok actually . 
  dat is true , but i wont get off just yet !, 
  white supremacy ? 
  m8 what are you smoking ... white people are one of the most welcoming in the world , look where you live lady . 
  no , do you ? 
  beat the up , shoot them , threaten them ... 
  where is the security in that video ? 
  a fact like : nickelback is a shit band ... 
  he is a shitty rapper with even more shitty message ... 
  commie propaganda . 
  would you be ok with being our slaves ? 
  all, 
   back to the previous topic though - they are n't forecasting a recession . 
  thats exactly what they are forecasting ... most were even predicting recession before the actual trigger ... just from market uncertainty . 
   that 's great , but until the negotiations have gotten somewhere , we do n't really know how that will change . 
  not everything will leave london . 
  what they are saying is financal services for entire eu are in london , and dont actually portray the size of uk economy . 
  they estimate that single market boosted uk economy with eu market by some hundred and some billion . 
  and investme from eu countries into uk account for around 30 % of all foreign investment . 
  and that is just the first page . 
  i advise you to read it . 
  now you got me . 
  first , some conservative estimates , tariffs only . 
   a huge 44 per cent of britain 's exports go to the eu - # 220bn out of # 510bn - according to the office of national statistics . 
  if the uk did not negotiate a favourable trade deal with the eu , those exports would be subject to import tariffs as well as extra administrative costs . 
   in the period before any new deal was implemented , the uk would probably have to trade on standard tariffs under world trade organisation rules . 
   an analysis by the independent found that the cost to britain 's exporters -- in extra tariffs alone -- would be at least # 4.5 bn per year . 
  this conservative estimate does not include the difficult-to-measure costs of non-tariff barriers , such as the enforcement of different market standards and regulations . 
  and ofc the really detailed [ report ] ( https://www.cer.org.uk/sites/default/files/smc_final_report_june2014.pdf ) . 
  gdp growth in g10 is laughable . 
  i understand exactly what you are saying but i dont think you understand me . 
  recession is actually predicted when you trigger the article . 
  besides your gdp growth is something over 1 % , not very optimistic . 
  we can expect recession in uk and countries in the eu who trade a lot with you . 
  isnt uk fertility around 1.9 and you are always gon na have commonwealth immigration . 
  the thing is gdp should go down with the population because there will be less consumption . 
  also economy shrinking always creates more unemployment ... 
  no one with a grain of knowledge about economics , would vote leave . 
  why would brexit bring better quality of life ? 
  britain wants their former importance back . 
  sadly they are not gon na get it . 
  brits were getting benefits and benefits , i remember my grandpa coming home from brussel , annoyed as fuck as brits and the dutch often got what they wanted ( if there is one thing you guys hate is regulation ) . 
  the myth that germany or france dictate what happens in eu is simply not true . 
  all your other points like brits dont feel like eu , and all that.eu is diverse as fuck , but what most other countries lack is the british arrogance .
