  some people in britain still dream of the old empire and world domination , the truth is your country went into the eu with stagnating economy . 
  leaving eu is simply stupid from economic point . 
   for the record , there are plenty of other reasons to vote brexit that do n't involve immigration . 
  for example ? 
   actually , african economies are getting better now that both europeans and american finally got the fuck out :  in march 2013 , africa was identified as the world 's poorest inhabited continent ; however , the world bank expects that most african countries will reach `` middle income '' status ( defined as at least us$ 1,000 per person a year ) by 2025 if current growth rates continue . 
  [ 6 ] in 2013 , africa was the world 's fastest-growing continent at 5.6 % a year , and gdp is expected to rise by an average of over 6 % a year between 2013 and 2023 . 
  [ 3 ] [ 7 ] growth has been present throughout the continent , with over one-third of sub-saharan african countries posting 6 % or higher growth rates , and another 40 % growing between 4 % to 6 % per year . 
  [ 3 ] several international business observers have also named africa as the future economic growth engine of the world [ 8 ] the poorest country in europe has 3x the `` middle income '' . 
  and they face crazy emigration ...  so no , you will not have 5 billions black dudes invading your village and stealing your women . 
  unless we fuck up the climate even more . 
  if we encourage them to come there could be more then million coming here every year . 
   what good reason had danish soldiers being in a middle eastern country for fuck shake ? 
  you do know there are peacekeeping operations ? 
   i am good with everyone being some shade of middle class . 
  meaning being easy to get good housing , food , clean water , electricity and education . 
  this is not rooted in reality . 
  even the richest countries in the world cant provide this shit for all their people ... 
   i am good with everyone being some shade of middle class . 
  meaning being easy to get good housing , food , clean water , electricity and education . 
   and we should try to get them in the best possible situation . 
  all of them . 
  ye i heard about that from commies , shit apartment , shit job , no progress . 
  boy you are naive , there is scarcity . 
  all cant be rich and happy ...  human morality is subjective and chosen . 
  there are no universal rules on how you have to behave that you have this mentality says quite a lot for you , not the world . 
  human morality only exist because people are more likely to survive in groups then alone . 
  lol , get real . 
  5 billion people in the world live worse then in germany . 
   baseline human decency doesnt exist . 
  fairytale . 
  life is `` war of all against all '' - bellum omnium contra omnes, 
  i liked her before , but her handling of refugee/migrant crisis disappointed me . 
  what you propose is special tariffs on goods , if eu did that to britain their economy would collapse . 
  brits will keep buying german cars ... like i said its in the interest of eu to see britain fail ... 
  because the project eu could fall apart . 
  and i am not from slovakia but slovenia  . 
  uk has no bargaining potential , brits want to buy german cars , thats the truth . 
  right now if brits wanted they could be buying suzukis or toyotas , its not like they cant buy this now . 
  lower export or possible collapse the eu ? 
  i dont think you understand . 
  its in the interest of eu to hurt itself and uk mainly because if uk for same strange reason succeed , france , spain , italy ... will all leave one after another . 
  its like cutting out a tumor , yes you gon na bleed but atleast you will survive . 
  do you understand what i am saying ? 
  eu export to uk accounts to 3 % of gdp while uk to eu 13 % . 
  especially in free-market economy . 
  you brits are one crazy fuckers , i will give you that . 
  eu has no choice but to go hard on britain . 
  realpolitik at its finest . 
  for eu to survive , uk has to fail . 
  there is not gon na be any special benefits from eu , simply from self-preservation aspect . 
  thats one of the problems this causes , a competing economy in which eu has no choice ... 
  but that is just one of the things , most economists agree on recession hiting uk and even some parts of eu probably when hard brexit hits . 
  look right now , no it does n't look that good ... 
  why would people do that ? 
  i just dont get it . 
  if you didnt like immigration why did n't you put a cap on it 2004 like germany did . 
  its like beyond funny , and this talk about hard brexit ... 
  i will never understand brexit from economic prespective . 
  you guys lobbied hard for less regulation over banks and insurance companies , which for central europeans were not very smart ideas but you got a special deal . 
  you guys were quite privileged , and there was major brain drain from eastern and south europe to uk . 
  monetary economics my son . 
  are british really this ignorant ? 
  recession was predicted in mind that cameron will trigger article 50 and actually leave the union after the vote . 
  your own leave guys were saying that uk will try to compensate the loss of the single market ( which is gon na hurt ) with various trade deals but at the same time saying that trade deals dont matter in globalised world . 
  uk is very connected with the eu block and benefited greatly from its membership . 
  you cant compare this to usa . 
  and let me tell you i dont care for racism or discrimination , purely from economic point , brexit was a dumb move . 
  sorry but your last paragraph makes no sense from economic prespective , japan and usa cant be compared to usa . 
  its the same as comparing switzerland with uk and saying look boys we dont need no eu . 
  they all emigrated ... 
  depends how the things will pan out with scotland ? 
  if you country is still a country after hard brexit , then i dont see why not ... 
   welp i 'd agree but it was a great economic force that could 've carried us to this day . 
  nope . 
   centralized power structures are shit and the capitol should 've been sarajevo as a city that was the embodiment of the yugo spirit , it was bound to happen i 'm just glad that today we are all still friends . 
  no the capitol should have been ljubljana , but yugoslavia was failed idea by the beginning . 
   . so on , you were the firs ones who gave up on us all really , you taught you might be getting freedom , liberty but what did you really get . 
  oh save me the bullshit yugo-nostalgia that only benefited the serbs . 
  what we got is freedom and economic prosperity . 
   the same shit , people form the whole ex you are still running around it 's even worse then back then , you my friend are one of those people who do n't identify with me just because i 'm born a few miles down the read . 
  i identify with every slovenian out there but she 'll here you are bragging about economic shit while your kids dream about better places to live in . 
  why would i identify with you ? 
  because we used to live in the same state . 
  should estonians identify with with russians . 
  cmon man !, 
   welcome to the reality of being just a bug if a few million people , does n't it feel great ? 
  i dont understand the question ... this serb diaspora is fucking crazy !, 
  its beacuse your neurosurgeons for example earn 700 eur . 
  that is under our minimum wage ... 
  ye , its not that bad as eastern europe . 
  lots of people speak german here so its also easier to emigrate to the north . 
  even though things down south must be crazy ... 
  bigger ambitions ? 
  our school system is one of the best in the world . 
  i dont really understand ? 
  its not nice place to live if you are a bosnian immigrant worker , working for the minimum wage ? 
  i thought the pay was significantly higher ... 
  is it because its so similar to your place ? 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=c9wiimizlme instructional video , they show up at 2:20 . 
  cultural ally .
