  '' kulaks deserved it '' is basically just like saying the jews deserved it . 
  i dont like far-left and i dont like far-right . 
  and there are plenty of this far idiots on reddit ... 
  yep , / r/europe is not some kind of nazi subreddit that so many people call it . 
  it 's actually more to the left then right ... 
  you were talking about communists , i strongly support social democracy but with strict border controls and immigration laws . 
  afd would not leave eu , even they are not that dumb . 
  the problem is for most germans mass immigration is becoming a `` problem '' . 
  i would advise merkel that she continues to take in syrian refugees ( as is right ) but put a temporary ban on immigration from the middle east and north africa . 
  she would also be smart to ban burqas and control preachers in the mosque like russia does ... 
  communism brings nothing but pain as does pure capitalism , besides is not viable and it doesnt work . 
  revolution always brings deaths , the saddest thing is when the end result is different then you would imagine . 
  i know its sad , but germany does n't have a competent right party . 
  relic of the allies ... 
  they cant do shit about intra-eu migration and they know it , leaving eu for germany would be catastrophic . 
  they were saying the same thing for orban , that all immigrants will suddenly get deported . 
  there are 4 million turks in germany thats just a reality . 
  european immigrants integrati better and germany needs migrants ... 
  millons have to die for people to see ... 
  if you think syria is closer to you culturally because you traded with them during middle ages then i guess indonesians are closer to dutch then dutch are to belgiums . 
  lol are you really that dumb , cmon this is just sad ... look at how many people support intra-eu migration and how many support immigration from middle east . 
  especially because we are in the eu dumbass   freedom of movement ... 
  if historical reasons would be in play , you would be paying reparations to my family . 
  200k italians immigrate every year , just look at the state of your finances , it 's obvious italy is stagnating . 
  afd is primarily anti-islam and anti-mass migration party . 
  intra-eu migration is supported almost all around europe , while most see exterior migration as something negative ... as it should be . 
  ofc there is a war against christianity in the middle east , just look how many got slaughtered in iraq . 
  christian religion is bad , but islam is literally the devil . 
  the fanaticism of muslims was pointed out by ss leader himmler himself , and thats why muslim ss divison operated in the balkans . 
  not even a joke , arab christians are one of the most beloved in the world . 
  especially because they come from a place so hostile as middle east . 
  there is nothing to discuss , fairy tales will be fairy tales.no matter how hard we wish they were true . 
  turn to christianity and everybody will love you habibi . 
  solving one extreme with another . 
  lol posts communists subreddits . 
  ah reddit , what can i expect ... 
  you gon na tell me you dont share the same sentiment ? 
  raping , pillaging , spreading faith ... that 's what loves all about ... 
  sure , sure just finish your kebab ... 
  if god is willing we will take back the holy land as our fathers before us . 
  i expect to fight side by side with you my brother . 
  the sword of christedom will cut through middle east . 
  no west is modern rich and shares our culture , something saudia arabia does n't . 
  they are also investing money into bulgaria . 
  lol who would you like to be friends with ? 
  west is rich and modern while russia is cultural ally . 
  dont tell me you are one of those kebab-loving bulgarian ... 
  most french immigrants immigrated in the last 50 years . 
  so we would get quite a good picture . 
  you are arguing semantics on one case . 
  people immigrated into france after the end of the world war 2  in 2008 , the french national institute of statistics insee , which has a more restrictive definition of immigration than eurostat , estimated that 5.3 million foreign-born immigrants and 6.5 million direct descendants of immigrants ( born in france with at least one immigrant parent ) lived in france representing a total of 24 million and 38 % of the total population in metropolitan france ( 62.1 million in 2008 ) . 
  among them , about 5.5 million are of european origin , 15 million of maghrebi ( either arabs or berbers ) origin , 8 million of sub-saharan african origin and 400,000 of turkish origin . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ] crazy numbers ... 
  2 generations means 70 years ago when countries were relatively homogenous . 
  the thing is you are as slavic as serbs are . 
  most of south slavs are mix of natives and settlers . 
  south slavs have the lowest number of r1a haplogroup . 
   `` the content of genes tyurkoezichnite - ie . '', 
  altayo-mongols `` is below 1.5 % and bulgarians are absolutely european population . 
   our data suggest that a common paternal ancestry between the proto-bulgarians and the altaic and central asian turkic-speaking populations either did not exist or was negligible . '', 
  why do bulgarians try so hard to deny slavic blood in them ? 
  lol , i dont think i will get beaten up ... 
  you are south slavic not eastern slavic . 
  we look nothing like russians as do serbians and croats . 
  darker hair is much more prevelant . 
  for example slovenians and croatians look less dinaric then serbians , macedonians and bosniaks . 
  bulgarians look to me like macedonians or serbs ... 
  bulgarians are slavs ... 
  no offence but we are kinda very good best ... 
  genius !, 
  i meant christian , my mistake i could find a word for it . 
  i dont see how that is racist or that it shows no insight . 
  12 % of american population is black . 
  around 90 percent are the children of the slaves . 
  there culture is based on race and they have the same history . 
  hispanic have mexica , peuerto rican , colombian for example ... differente cultures with different history . 
  what is here to get ? 
  black community has nothing but a history of slavery and colour of the skin that unites them . 
  most of america is catholic ... 
  black people more religious , the same reason the black voters support more conservative democrats not people like sanders . 
  black people do n't different themselves between ghanians , kenyans , nigerians . 
  white people of america would different themselves by irish , italians , jews . . 
  it depends , with welfare policies like in europe the things would be way less profitable ... 
  yes europe is more culturally divided . 
  i also dont see any generalizations in my statements ? 
  i was wondering how much of the population is of french descent ... 
  its divison , identity politics , gangs , city riots , rascism ... black people in america have culture based on race , because that is the only thing that they share . 
  they dont know where exactly are they from . 
  we are talking about black culture . 
  some have some dont . 
  romania and bulgaria sure as hell arent getting immigration and their emigration numbers are crazy . 
  also more multicultural society means lots of problems . 
  just look at usa for example . 
  but there are not enough of kids to replace the old people going into retirement . 
  average family should have around 2.1 kids for society to replenish ... 
  there is need for kids in europe doe  . 
  why do dutch have so much bigger fertility rate then austria for example , or why france has so much higher then germany ? 
  so for example how many of france population consist of immigrants ? 
  you do have census on that ? 
  how do country like france know how much of the population is immigrant , isnt it like you do census differently then others ?
