  its realpolitik , eu is doing what is in the interest of the eu . 
  its kinda funny you dont get that ... 
  the priority for the rest of the eu will be to make sure that nobody follows britain 's example . 
  that precludes giving britain a good deal . 
  leavers have retorted that , because britain imports more from the eu than it sells to it , the other countries must offer a generous free-trade deal . 
  but this betrays a misunderstanding of both eu politics and trade talks . 
  the eu can not let britain have full access to the single market without its obligations lest others ask for similar treatment . 
  and germany can not offer britain anything on its own , however strongly its carmakers push for it . 
  any deal must be approved by all 27 countries , several of which do little trade with britain . 
  spanish carmakers might like tariffs on cars traded between britain and germany . 
  romania sees little gain in a free-trade deal that lets britain block immigration . 
  that is our neighbors brother , not us ... what lies am i spewing ? 
  this sounds like a conspiracy theories neo-nazis make about jews ... 
  i am talking about my country . 
  we didnt kill any jews . 
  and that was not a demonization of israel , i just said the way it treats its minoritys are similar to hitlers germany . 
  i am not even german . 
  criticizing israel is anti-semitism ? 
  jewish state is becoming more and more like nazis . 
  thats a horrible analogy . 
  there are many nations that survived genocide , that does n't mean they can create there own one . 
  we should be strict with the jewish state . 
  where do you see discrimination against jews in europe ? 
  europe is not jew-free as you say . 
  there are 2.4 million jews in europe at the moment . 
  europe and america have been the biggest allies of the jews in the last 50 years . 
  and jews are more then welcome in europe ... 
  lol , then tell me who does ? 
  then you are correct , there were lots of overreactions because people thought you are gon na trigger article 50 shortly after the referendum . 
  if you voted leave or actually left ? 
  i mean if we have a referendum on closing all factories in the country , and supposedly yes wins , most economists would say the economy is gon na suffer . 
  but we actually dont close all the factories , then yes voter would start saying ; lol you said economy is gon na suffer if we closed all factories ... liars , `` experts '' with their overreaction ... 
  what was clear ? 
  pound falling or new unemployment rates which ar lowering all around eu is just a dick measuring contest before the actual thing . 
  no offense but as governor of bank of the england , he is hardly unbiased ... 
  ottomans are the sole reason why serbs are living in croatia and bosnia , also why kosovo isnt serbian anymore ... 
  sorry but it has . 
  i argued over this around 3 months ago . 
  margin of error is diferrente in this surveys , beacuse what they are just lots of surveys included together . 
   denying/trivialising the effects of a 5 century occupation is on the level of genicide denial . 
  he is a turk , its obvious ... 
   the four centuries of ottoman rule also had a drastic impact on bosnia 's population make-up , which changed several times as a result of the empire 's conquests , frequent wars with european powers , forced and economic migrations , and epidemics . 
  a native slavic-speaking muslim community emerged and eventually became the largest of the ethno-religious groups due to lack of strong christian church organizations and continuous rivalry between the orthodox and catholic churches , while the indigenous bosnian church disappeared altogether ( ostensibly by conversion of its members to islam ) . 
  the ottomans referred to them as kristianlar while the orthodox and catholics were called gebir or kafir , meaning `` unbeliever '' . 
  [ 46 ]  serves as the sole reason why more conflicts happened there.there were conflicts between different churches even before islam came.you ca n't blame a religion for the clusterfuck happening in the balkans , but you can blame , partially , it 's followers . 
  ( which also would be inaccurate in this case or in any case in general )  islam was first introduced to the balkans on a large scale by the ottomans in the mid-to-late 15th century who gained control of most of bosnia in 1463 , and seized herzegovina in the 1480s . 
  over the next century , the bosnians - composed of dualists and slavic tribes living in the bosnian kingdom under the name of bo\u0161njani [ 3 ] - embraced islam in great numbers under ottoman rule . 
  during the ottoman era the name bo\u0161njanin was definitely transformed into the current bo\u0161njak ( ` bosniak ' ) , with the suffix '' - ak '' replacing the traditional '' - anin '' . 
  by the early 1600s , approximately two thirds of the population of bosnia were muslim . 
  [ 4 ] bosnia and herzegovina remained a province in the ottoman empire and gained autonomy after the bosnian uprising in 1831 . 
  after the 1878 congress of berlin it came under the temporary control of austria-hungary . 
  in 1908 , austria-hungary formally annexed the region . 
  why do you think serbs live in bosnia and croatia and not in serbia ? 
   they were n't taken often . 
  janissaries were elite troops and dictated a large part of late ottoman politics . 
  many were able to see their families again and many families wanted their sons to become janissaries . 
   the way you say it make it seem as if religious discrimination was something unique to the ottomans back then . 
  it was n't . 
  from what dubious part of history did you take that from ? 
  what ? 
  ofc they are at fault ... 
   whole balkans should fix their own country instead of pointing fingers to a long dead empire bullshit . 
  ottomans brought islam , fucked up serbian ethnicty borders ... 
  its actually byelorussians at 1.9 million or 20 per cent of the pre-war population of the land ... 
  lol ... 
  statistics show that in crazy numbers . 
  would rather get robbed then raped and murdered , thank you very much . 
  happy for you slavic bros !, 
  soon \u010ce\u0161ka will be the the land of milk and honey ... 
  denk looks like pure cancer ... 
  no , i didnt get the statement in that way . 
  but they hit the nail on the head about austrians being racist . 
  certain haider comes to mind , may god give him the pain he deserves . 
  its no secret slovenians company invested a lot into ex-yugo countries . 
  almost any successful slovenian company has a factory in either bih , macedonia , serbia or kosovo ... 
  is slovakia richer then czechia ? 
  if not then we sure as hell are not croatian slovakia :o, 
  ofc they were killed like most jews . 
  that was their doctrine . 
  i dont think i understand the answer . 
  i do not kid myself into thinking germans didnt know or supported persecution of jews . 
  they were ordinary men . 
  but pushing this agenda that putin and trump are somehow like goebbels is laughable . 
  he is kinda right doe . 
  i am the last one to defend the nazis . 
  reading this stories to what this dogs have done in belarus or poland , makes you sick to your stomach . 
  and baltic nations have a dark history in this . 
  but reading books about this , various diaries and given the fact that final solution were supossed to be keept secret , not a lot of germans actually knew what was going on . 
  is kinda overreaching to think every german citizen knew what was going on . 
  i am reading a book about german police battalion in poland . 
  for example some german policemen in hamburg were sure jews need tools and other things with them as they were supposed to bulid houses for themselves there . 
  there were also officers that tried to schindler them , if you were against killing jews ofc you were a traitor . 
  so they made reasons on ehy jews should be spared by appailng to economic reasons . 
  the worst were the young brainwashed ss officers in their twenties . 
  those were cruel as fuck ... 
  is kinda overreaching to think every german citizen knew what was going on . 
  i am reading a book about german police battalion in poland . 
  for example some german policemen in hamburg were sure jews need tools and other things with them as they were supposed to bulid houses for themselves there . 
  there were also officers that tried to schindler them , if you were against killing jews ofc you were a traitor . 
  so they made reasons on ehy jews should be spared by appailng to economic reasons .
