  all villages around the city look sad as fuck . 
   let 's not forget that the austrians actively favoured slovene settling in the area because they deemed ( rightfully ) the italians disloyal to the hapsburg and wanting to unite with the kingdom of italy , while southern slavs did not have such independentism plans , but rather increased autonomy within the empire . 
  oh we should also not forget the forced italization of the region . 
   trieste was at its peak only a quarter slovene , and the people supporting the unification with italy counted not only ethnic italians but also the flourishing jewish community . 
  you also forget all the serbs and croat living there . 
  if it wasnt for massive deportation from dalmatia , trieste would be ours . 
   that being said , considering that the ethnic pattern was difficult to cut clean and that croatia was not exactly a saint ( cough ustasa cough ) , the partition could have been worse . 
  i do not know what croats have to do with slovenia but ok . you guys didnt get punished as always ... 
  cool , 
  you must know i grew up in a italian speaking environment and all my uncles on the fathers side speak it , and like i said my gradfather was italian . 
  i like italians . 
  i just think city would be much more developed in slovenia . 
  we also take really good care of our minoritys . 
   this is true , but then how would you handle such a situation in a way that does n't involve throwing innocent civilians down a sinkhole and telling the others to pack their shit if they do n't want to get the same treatment ? 
  how could anybody claim with a straight face to be any better than the fascists you so rightly despise ? 
  do two wrongs make a right ? 
  if so , when does it end ? 
  where do you draw the line ? 
  if yugoslav goverment didnt deport italians we could probably get trieste . 
  most deportiies went there . 
  so ye it would be better to let italians live in istra or deport them all . 
  this half-baked solution is dumb . 
   yesssir , damn right we did - and paid for it dearly , in case you did n't notice !, 
  ( just not the actual fascists but that 's another story ) . 
  that is debatable . 
  i mean you kinda did lose a war ... . .  i may also argue that trieste has been , for most of its history , a city with an italian majority as well as a very consistent slovene presence . 
  also all villages around the city were majority slovene . 
  so italians might not be majoritly in the land . 
  ye the city would be much more developed in slovenia . 
  so much investment would go there ... 
  my grandfather is italian from gorizia but taking trieste from slovenia was an act against god !, 
  1954-never forget, 
  i would not say that . 
  sure . 
  you left poland because they were too intolerant but would accept fundamentalist rule ? 
  lol first of all , have you ever been in the army ? 
  what strengthend your resolve ? 
  terrorists attack showed you you should tolerant the intolerance ? 
  do you know what you are defending ? 
  even differenatation by ideology like nazism ? 
  i have seen plenty of this moral idealists like you in my life . 
  most run away as soon as the things heat up . 
  i suggest you leave this things to naive and rich . 
  plenty of those in europe already . 
  cmon where is that famous german realpolitik , using reason ? 
  thats the weirdest line of thinking ever ... 
  i mean native americans should not exist then . 
  they `` have no place in this world '' . 
  are you some kind of extrimist or something ? 
  i mean 5 % of the russian population were workers . 
  they still managed to do the revolution ... again it depends on what country we are talking about . 
  france and germany both have 7-8 % muslim population . 
  do n't tell me you are a boring german ... 
  where is your family actually from ? 
  or are you using google translate ? 
  popes ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  lol pope and serbs . 
  m8 it 's obvious you are drunk . 
  there are progressive , secular muslims and then they are fundamentalists aka ultraconservatives . 
  we cant put them all in one box . 
  say 11 % of bosniaks belive that sharia law should rule and 78 % of the arabs think the same . 
  there are big difference between european muslims and middle eastern ones ... 
   knowing plenty of bosnians , agree with , when all i wanted to argue against was your erroneous reasoning . 
  so wait anecdotal evidence is good . 
  lol first of all it was not religious war . 
  living side by side with christians and accepting them is secular . 
  having 1.5 mil muslims and have less fighters in syria then a city in sweden is a great example . 
  also literally in the study its says that germany has lowest number of fundamentalists and most muslims are turks and bosnians . 
  why are we even fighting over this ? 
  what are you trying to prove here ? 
  there are more muslims in bosnia then there are in sweden ... and there are less fighters . 
  they are very secular because of the history , they lived with orthodox and christians in a multi ethnic state ... 
  sure but they hold those views in unbelievable procentual numbers . 
  that is the problem . 
  only 0.001 procent of the muslims are extremist . 
  who kill for faith and so on ... 
  but fundamentalists want to pass through laws similar to american fundamentalists their own laws based on their holy book and they think muslims should return to basics . 
  that would be like christians wanting to go back to old testament laws ... 
  m8 there are more fighters from gothenburg ( city in sweden ) then there are bosnia . 
  they are less radical and lots of things prove that . 
  including what i just wrote up-there . 
  i do n't understand you think all islamic immigration is extremist ? 
  bosniaks themselves like to proclaim they have different islam . 
  there is also no sharia law there . 
  and ofc they are very secular because of the communist regime . 
  sure but you cant even compare . 
  bosniaks themselves are quite mad about what arabs are doing in their home country . 
  man 10 % of my country is from bosnia . 
  they are much more moderate muslims then those in middle east . 
  so are turks . 
  muslims in belgium and france are much more fundamentalistic then those in germany . 
  what would less welcome mean in this context ? 
  i dont know what human rights have to do here . 
  countries can ban anyone from entering their countries if they are not at danger . 
  it would be better to be ruled by fundamentalists insted of a immigration ban ? 
  no offense but that sounds weird . 
  do you know who fundamentalists are ? 
  we are talking major human rights abuse ... have you seen saudia arabia ? 
  lol the study is sourced very well .
