  but it is not certain if this is good long term . 
  only that its shit short term . 
  its like saying usa is one of the richest countries . 
  usa has one of the highest incarceration rate . 
  and then you make assumption : we should put more people in jail and we are gon na get rich ... or look how rich they are it doesnt matter that they have highest incarceration rate . 
  this facts got no correlation . 
  kinda shitty for slovenia . 
  is yugoslavia in it ? 
  ti ne gavarish pa ruski moi drug . 
  ruski dnar my ass . 
  tovari\u0161 men se zdi da se ti mal blede . 
  eu ma use kar mi ho\u010dmo bit . 
  lol poba a s pijan ? 
  eu vsaj dnar pumpa not ... 
  you could agrue that russia has more european history then turkey . 
  does russia counts ? 
  hey hey hey dont go there !, 
  its ok , we know you guys are a nation with small dicks . 
  and cycling oh the cycling . 
  when you see a guy cycling on the hill at 12.00 when is hot like fuck and all the locals are resting , you know he is either slovenian or drunk . 
  they still consider themselves kurds before turks ... 
   turks are genocide deniers that is simply a [ fact !, 
  ] ( http://america.aljazeera.com/articles/2015/4/24/for-turks-acknowledging-an-armenian-genocide-undermines-national-identity.html ), 
  ah we have plenty of immigrants , they brought kebab with them . 
  when you think of kebab you generally think of albanians or bosnians not turks in slovenia ... 
  look i am just glad we were never under ottomans so we are n't as poor as serbia , bulgaria , bosnia . 
  other than that its all good . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  germans have made peace with their past while you guys just deny it . 
  you should be made accountable . 
  again we a quite richer than turkey ( our wages are twice as their ) and i never heared of turkish investment in our country but we got some slovenian companies that went to turkey for cheap labour , you are even better than russia in that regards . 
  again not in my country ... 
  what ? 
  are we gon na say now that germans didnt genocide jews or that americans have n't done that to nativ americans ? 
  there is a long history of denial of genocide present in turkey , look what you learn in school about it ... 
  thank god we are not like them . 
  turkey is so poor why would they invest into balkans ... 
  they should invest into themselves . 
  exactly we should do what australians did and not reward them for this journey and numbers will go down !, 
  it not like european values are not clashing with islam . 
  when have facts become propaganda ? 
  anti-semitisem is ripe in muslim communities across the world . 
  i just state facts . 
  and when you see what turks did and still deny it ( armenian genocide ) thing get so much logical ... 
  i am not talking slovenia . 
  i am talking poland , hungary , romania , lithuania , bulgaria ... 
  lol and the brits are one of the worst offenders ... 
  i mean westeners . 
  yes i see that alot . 
  its like they are drilled into believing the more east you go the shitter the country . 
  and then they try politics to justify it . 
  atleast they have a constitution , something that you guys lack !, 
  thankfully we can watch this from a distance , unaffected . 
  sadly same can not be said for you . 
  when will you negotiate them ? 
  quickly getting on his level i see . 
  ca n't argue moral superiority after this buddy . 
  in terms of economics its a dumb decision no doubt . 
  cabinet ministers are being warned that the treasury could lose up to # 66 billion a year in tax revenues under a `` hard brexit '' , according to leaked government papers . 
  gdp could fall by as much as 9.5 per cent if britain leaves the single market and has to rely on world trade organisation rules for trading with the continent , compared with if it stayed within the eu , the forecasts show . 
  such a steep drop in revenue would force ministers to slash public spending or raise taxes . 
  the # 66 billion drop , contained in a draft cabinet committee paper seen by the times , is nearly a tenth of the # 716 billion that the government is projected to collect in taxes this year , and is equivalent to 65 per cent of the annual budget of nhs england . 
  business leaders are increasingly worried that the uk could fail to negotiate a deal with the 27 remaining eu members by the time it leaves the union , and will face a `` cliff edge '' of trade tariffs and barriers . 
  several cabinet ministers who supported remain are stepping up efforts to prioritise business concerns and the economy in brexit discussions , fearing that leave supporters fail to realise the scale of potential damage . 
  it comes as : \u2022 theresa may faces a potential legal challenge by a group of conservative mps over the decision to begin brexit negotiations without parliament 's approval . 
  the prime minister 's spokesman ruled out giving mps a vote yesterday , saying that it would `` second guess '' the will of the british people . 
  \u2022 dominic grieve , the former attorney-general , said that unless the government could agree a deal supported by parliament it would not survive . 
  \u2022 a tory backbencher suggested that british companies should hire disabled people to do the work of eu migrants after brexit . 
  \u2022 mrs may visited denmark and the netherlands to make the case for a fair brexit `` divorce '' david davis , the brexit minister , said in the house of commons that leaving the eu was the will of the people the `` worst case '' figures for a hard brexit were contained in papers prepared for ministers before cabinet committee discussions . 
  rather than conducting a fresh round of calculations , the treasury used forecasts taken from its controversial study into the likely impact of brexit published in april during the referendum campaign . 
  senior brexit supporters who have seen the paper are understood to have protested that it was `` withdrawn from reality '' and `` not very realistic '' because it did not assume the continuation of any trade deals . 
  they suggested that the treasury was continuing to campaign using scare tactics in the way it did during the referendum . 
  they also accuse the treasury of `` trying to make leaving the single market look bad '' by including these figures , coming up with a `` not very realistic '' hypothesis to scare ministers . 
  the april report , which was overseen by george osborne when he was chancellor , was dismissed at the time as propaganda but the treasury stands by its calculations , it is understood . 
  the leaked section of the cabinet paper is believed to be one of three prepared for discussions this week that cover the world trade organisation , trade deals and immigration . 
  it says : `` the treasury estimates that uk gdp would be between 5.4 per cent and 9.5 per cent of gdp lower after 15 years if we left the eu with no successor arrangement , with a central estimate of 7.5 per cent . 
  `` in headline terms , a ) trade would be around a fifth lower than it otherwise would have been ; b ) foreign direct investment would also be around a fifth lower and c ) the level of productivity would be driven down by these reductions in trade and investment causing an overall reduction in the economy 's efficiency in the long run . '' the paper highlights the possibility of a sharp drop in tax revenue , adding : `` the net impact on public sector receipts -- assuming no contributions to the eu and current receipts from the eu are replicated in full -- would be a loss of between # 38 billion and # 66 billion per year after 15 years , driven by the smaller size of the economy . '' the leaked paper is understood to be a draft , meaning that it must go through no 10 before circulation . 
  privately ministers say that britain is more likely to negotiate a bespoke bilateral deal with the rest of the eu after brexit . 
  it comes as david davis , the brexit secretary , defended the government 's decision not to seek parliamentary approval before article 50 was triggered and said there was a difference between being accountable to parliament and being micromanaged by it . 
  `` the simple truth is that the attempt to block article 50 is an attempt to block the will of the british people -- full stop . 
  there will be plenty of opportunity to debate in the next two and a half years , '' he said . 
  eh , do n't be . 
  that is not completely true . 
  in 15 years gdp should be lower by 10 % than it would be in single market . 
  i dunno how popular are muslims in serbian communities . 
  if you need some sources of how big anti-semitisem is in muslims communities just say it . 
  your far-righters will just hide . 
  also holocaust being a myth or being exaggerated is very prevalent line of thinking in middle east . 
  that is not alot . 
  i speak 4 myself and i am learning german . 
  slovenian , serbo-croatian , russian , english . 
  congo and armenian genocide is horrible but they are not compatible . 
  there were no more than 3000 belgians in congo while that was leopolds own land . 
  in ottoman empire the turkish population supported and encouraged and even took part in killing this christians mainly armenians . 
  it a thing most turks try to hide and sweep under the rug . 
  muh victim complex, 
  i think you dont need russia for europeans to know immigration from mena countries can be problematic . 
  quality not quantity . 
  wot ? 
  smart kids .
