  he is a former model afterall . 
  then i retract my statement . 
   and while i think radicalication is a problem , it is important not to give to panic and exaggeration . 
  extremely few muslims become terrorists , and it is very unlikely to die in a terrorist attack . 
  in addition my point about radicalisation doesnt just mean they become terrorists . 
  we are talking about people that hold more fundamentalistic and radical ideas . 
   radicalization is a process wherein `` individuals adopt extreme political , social and/or religious ideals and aspirations  second and third generation immigrants have increasingly turned to militant islam , radicalizing against the very society into which they were born and raised . 
  this phenomenon is complex , stemming from an identity crisis in which second and third generation immigrants do not feel a sense of belonging to their european host societies , nor their ethnic countries of origin . 
  radical islam provides a sense of dignity and purpose to youth that oftentimes feel marginalized and discriminated against . 
  there they also find a badly needed sense of identity derived from the greater islamic community and its fixed value system . 
  radicalization is a threat to social cohesion in europe , and requires a nuanced and precise counter-terrorism policy that will increase trust and communication between groups . 
  no i found them myself . 
  the jihad something and muslim something are usually a right-wing nutjob sites . 
  the danish specific ones ? 
   https://www.information.dk/indland/2016/07/terroren-gror-vores-egen-baghave i think this is the right one . 
  and there are many differente ones  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html, 
  better source ? 
  would this be better source ? 
   a new danish statistical [ study ] ( https://jyllands-posten.dk/protected/premium/indblik/indland/article6618423.ece ) finds that `` muslims [ are ] 218 percent more criminal in second generation than first . '' is this correct ? 
  ~ ~ a new danish statistical [ study ] ( https://jyllands-posten.dk/protected/premium/indblik/indland/article6618423.ece ) finds that `` muslims [ are ] 218 percent more criminal in second generation than first . '' ~ ~, 
   but still a minority . 
  49 % is a minority  but through integration most of these views are washed out in 1-2 generations , sometimes even in the `` arriving '' generation the problem is second generation is even more radical . 
  the immigrant effect takes place . 
   it is a minority of muslims that actually want that ... studies show . 
  not all muslims support daesh or the laws of saudi-arabia . 
  most muslims are just like every other christian or atheist . 
  they do n't care . 
  little less then a half . 
  definetly alarming . 
   so is the european solution to simply segregate them ? 
  no , we are trying to integrate them but there are simply too many and they live ghettoized . 
  ofc the culture is also very different . 
  there are various form of integration in various different countries . 
  but i think germany and uk are best at it while france and belgium are the worst . 
  first of all this sub is very left-leaning . 
  but yes i agree and share your sentiment . 
  we have literally millions of unintegrated fundamentalistic muslims in our countries . 
  most of them are living in their enclaves . 
  44 % of them a supossed fundamentalists . 
  but even worse thing is that young people are even more religious than there parents in muslim families in europe . 
  second-generation muslim immigrants , who are born here in europe , are incredibly radical . 
  its a big problem as you can see with the rise of far-right parties across europe . 
  and eu is despreatly trying to shut down libiyan route where 300k migrants move to europe every year . 
  dont give me this bullshit comparison . 
  you have been shitting on slovenian minority for years . 
  maybe you dont remember the og far-right haider . 
  97 % of ko\u010devje germans were happy to move to hitlers country . 
  the renounced their yugoslavian citizenship for german one and moved into the land of deported slovenians ( sent to concentration camps ) . 
  oh and their leaders really supported the nazism . 
  of those 3 % that stayed many were great people like that priest and they could stay . 
  most of their vacanted homes were burned by italians themselves because they didnt want partisans to use them . 
  stop bullshiting about the subject you know nothing about , most of germans here were nazi collaborators and supported hitler . 
  i been in the museum myself . 
  the same thing happend with germans living in slovenia . 
  as they say you play stupid games , win stupid prizes . 
  i mean if your not for left politics here and you are very vocal , you easily get downvoted to oblivion . 
  r/askeurope is pretty much an left echochamber . 
  permission for what ? 
   b ) in django , he portrays germans and german-ness in a positive light and americans in a ( mostly ) negative light . 
  to wit i never though of it this way . 
  kinda interesting , but i think tried to show more europeans in good light then germans . 
  in 12 years a slave , canadian guy is also good ( brad pitt ) . 
  and millions of americans agree with trump . 
  that is how he got elected . 
  there is also very important thing to say about mexico . 
   according to the mexican institute of genomics ( inmegen ) 68 % of mexicans are in some way mestizos , a mix between european ( mostly spaniard , but also italian , french , british , etc. 
  ) , african or native american genes . 
  while 20 % are almost purely european . 
  only 11 % of the mexican population has pure native american genes . 
  yes the do . 
   oh but of course you would try to fit me in a neat little box of your choosing . 
  too bad you got it quite wrong . 
  you opened a thread , not to learn anything or be challenged , but to build your little echo-chamber where everyone nods in agreement . 
  and the second someone did n't agree with you , you reduce me to a stereotype widely used for ridicule . 
  so very mature . 
  again there is nothing to be challenged about . 
  racism is racism . 
  there is no buts or ifs . 
   nobody 's put real effort into it . 
  i live around them , i 've been to class with them . 
  i do n't have to go by my aunt 's words , but by real lived experience . 
  there are halfassed attempts at helping them integrate , but they 're to save face . 
  they 're ignored . 
  maybe in your country but in my we tried to integrate them but they dont want to . 
  its that simple . 
  no amount of money , work and dedication will change that , they want to live like that . 
   they 're not the first wave of muslims to europe and the ones that came before them managed to understand cultural differences just fine , i suspect the refugees are as capable of getting the idea that they should respect women , too . 
  as long as 44 % of european muslims are fundamentalists we havent integrated them that well . 
  i would say you fit in greatly with the classic sjw phenomenon . 
  i know you just got out of college with feminist studies degree and feel you need to fight for something but still ... 
  if you think gypsies are only getting welfare and nothing else , then you again dont know the situation really well . 
  my aunt is a teacher , she has to go to their camp every day because they dont want to send their kids to school . 
  and lets not talk about underage marriages . 
  about muslims , its a common fact that muslim countries are one of the worst human rights offenders and islam is extremely fanatical , homophobic and sexist ideology/religion . 
  did i say that they do n't face discrimination ? 
  they still have better life prospects better then most people living in the world or even africa ... 
   solution would be just to treat people as individuals and with respect , but i guess the sj people enjoy the schadenfreude when they treat `` the oppressors '' like shit . 
  the sad thing it 's causes a great divide and also people to fall into their racial lines . 
  white people are like that , black people are like that . 
  if you are not with us , you are against us .
