  stick to the script . 
  talk about refugees all you want but do not talk about as germany is miraculously getting shafted in the eu . 
  stick to the things you are good at , like tolerance and respect . 
  no , you made your refugee bed . 
  sleep in it !, 
  dont listen to this guy , he know nothing about economics . 
  in what way ? 
  germany dived in to a shitter and now wants us to congratulate them on that and thank them for doing it . 
  i can see you are not very well educated on the matter . 
  hungary built a wall and that meant 500k people moved through our border . 
  thats 25 % of our country . 
  thats 20mil people for germany . 
  if the fence would be built noone could move in , you could send all those thousands of policemen on the slovenian-croatian , hungarian-serbian border . 
  and we could vet people properly and actually deport them if they are illegals . 
  edit : yes we are cute . 
  nope . 
  imagine schengen secured border ( with a wall ) , why could n't we do it ? 
  it would cost less then 21 billion a year , i promise !, 
  germanic broomstick army could surly not defend themselves . 
  they would be stuck in balkans as they are stuck in turkey now . 
  we could be easily negotiating with various balkans countries . 
  austria , croatia and eastern germany ofc . 
  can we join v4 boys ? 
  i dont get it . 
  how is germany saving our ass ? 
  look at what hungary did , they actually solved the problem ... we could have done the same . 
  and we kinda did , as their is a wall on parts of croatian border . 
  i dont think its a european problem . 
  what we should have done is build a wall from slovenian coast to hungarian border with ukraine and only accept syrian refugees into the schengen . 
  if germany would not be willing to accept them they would not come ... 
  i mean you germans sure did dry up the southern countries . 
  who will join such a union ? 
  sweden and germany ? 
  no offense but germans are on a bad voice already because they always put germany first in eu and act very selfish . 
  lol , eu will collapse . 
  really dumb policy ... 
  where did i say that ? 
  i am defending human lives . 
  and i also dont think you personally can label someone a nazi correctly . 
  life is not black and white . 
  look at this armchair cold-blooded killer . 
  do n't act tough on the internet m8 , you are just gon na embarrass yourself . 
  ahm , calling for killing . 
  that sweet moral superiority . 
  lol, 
  indeed the lack of effort to withhold law and not deporting illegal immigrants has divided the eu even more . 
  could i get a source on that ? 
  still bosnia could be a base from where isis could recruit . 
  how many of austria is muslims ? 
  exectly and what germany has done has even more divided eu . 
  delusion of the brits knows no bounds . 
  eastern europe has one of the lowest yes , but salaries are higher in south europe . 
  oh look a guy who has n't got a clue about europe or eu . 
   quran , the holy book of muslims , contains some verses that can be interpreted as expressing very negative views of some jews . 
  after muhammad moved to medina in 622 ce he made peace treaties with the jewish and other tribes . 
  however , the relationship between the followers of the new religion ( islam ) and the jews of medina later became bitter . 
  at this point quran instructs muhammad to change the direction of prayer from jerusalem to mecca , and from this point on , the tone of the verses of the quran become increasingly hostile towards jewry . 
  in 627 a jewish tribe , banu qurayza of medina , violated a treaty with the islamic prophet muhammad by allying with the attacking tribes . 
  subsequently , the tribe was charged with treason and besieged by the muslims commanded by muhammad . 
  the banu qurayza were forced to surrender and the men were beheaded , while all the women and children were taken captive and enslaved . 
   in the 19th century , the position of jews worsened in muslim countries . 
  [ 125 ] historian martin gilbert writes that it was in the 19th century that the position of jews worsened in muslim countries . 
  [ 125 ] according to mark cohen in the oxford handbook of jewish studies , most scholars conclude that arab anti-semitism in the modern world arose in the nineteenth century , against the backdrop of conflicting jewish and arab nationalism , and was imported into the arab world primarily by nationalistically minded christian arabs ( and only subsequently was it `` islamized '' ) . 
  [ 126 ] there was a massacre of jews in baghdad in 1828 . 
  [ 127 ] in 1839 , in the eastern persian city of meshed , a mob burst into the jewish quarter , burned the synagogue and destroyed the torah scrolls , and it was only by forced conversion that a massacre was averted . 
  [ 125 ] there was a massacre of jews in barfurush in 1867 . 
  lol , just stop right there m8 . 
  we kinda still are . 
  nope , that is just realism . 
  i agree , it 's foolish to blame the french and british of today . 
  meh some say that but drooling over historical injustices will just lead to war like in the balkans . 
  the actions of ottomans certainly are the underlying reasons for all the conflict in the region today , one could say . 
  there is always gon na be tension between them being jewish in very muslim lands . 
  that is nothing new , they are actually at risk but with nuclear weapons nobody can hurt them . 
  the - ski 's right . 
  there is a dutch guy called stuffs something ... 
  arent you dutch ? 
  we are not balkans m8 !, 
  thats why i put it into '' '' as brits call it punishment . 
  are we not ? 
  its all about nominal gdp ... 
  if by some strange phenomena uk suddenly becomes incredible prosperous and richer then yes , it would probably be the end of eu as a economic union . 
  `` punishment '' as not giving them any special treatment ... 
  why are you stealing our people ? 
   there are also 300 of you guys here . 
  ukrainians yes ? 
  its the matter of self-preservation , eu will do all it can to `` punish '' uk for leaving . 
  short-term effects are not as bad as proposed . 
  long-term as real brexit , that is still on the cards ... 
  very popular . 
  ja no 2001 so govoril da bo fertility rate ostav stati\u010den pod 1.3 , zdej je okol 1.6 . 
  total births are not decreasing every year ... 
   or religion is greatly influenced by culture . 
  there is a reason that christmas is on the 24/25th and it 's not because jesus was born there . 
   at the same time , christian nations can be very different , which is n't due to the religion , but instead the culture of the different countries . 
  its both . 
  i mean its a ceremony , probably old as fuck ... 
  culture is greatly influenced by religion , that is quite true . 
  you got statistic of how many swedes are of migrant background ? 
  for example 17million are of foreign background in germany , around 12 mil from european states ( including russia but not turkey ) .
