  yes muslims do a lot more crime then others immigrats , they also have much more backwards values then rest of the muslims , they integrate much worse . 
  there should be a ban on muslims till we figure out how to deal with this 9 mil ultra-conservative religious muslims living in eu right now . 
  the funny things most muslims in europe come from the more secular countries : turkey , bosnia , albania , marocco , algeria . 
  what would happen if we had guys come from egypt or saudi arabia ... 
  we got to ask ourselves , why such double standards ? 
  why is being poor and unemployed an excuse for terrorism ? 
  there are millions of poor and unemployed immigrants in europe who are not muslim ... do they kill in the name of god ? 
  i will never understand this line of thinking . 
  no , exclusion of muslims causes terrorists . 
  this guy gets it . 
  44 % of european muslims are fundamentalists.many hate the same countries that let them live there . 
  if it wasnt for eastern european migration 15 % of germany would probably be muslim . 
  you can thank us later . 
  when do you think you could join ? 
  no where . 
  you are integrated simply too good . 
  then without common strong border control with eu army and police this union will fall apart . 
   eu incompetence yep , no common solution from eu . 
  left every country to themselves . 
   the old demagogues are gaining ground , because people have forgotten what demagogues do once they are in power . 
  that 's all . 
  the migrant issue is simply another scapegoating . 
  poland is neither a destination or transit country , but it plays the migrant card . 
  the uk plays that card against romanians and bulgarians . 
  the netherlands plays it against second-generation morrocans . 
  turkey plays another against gulenists . 
  russia plays another still against `` western liberals '' . 
  so on and so forth that is not true but ok . 
  i mean thats what they say but fertility rate of muslims in austria are lower then both of catholic and protestant . 
  germanies muslim fertility rates are also appaling . 
  anyway you pick the same route as eastern europeans , so we will have what our neighbours have . 
  700k eastern europeans come to germany every year . 
  7.5 % muslim and 12 % slavic . 
   democracy ( god bless it ) we will win the elections and change things up for real . 
  that would probably turn to genocide similar to bosnia . 
  [ mashallah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9grmloezie4 ) . 
   then again we are a lot smarter than you think . 
  doubt it . 
  also dont forget there are less then 2mil arabs in eu . 
  lol , cmon . 
  west controls most of middle east and russia controls the other half . 
  you can fight your fellow shias all day long doe ... 
  that is simply the facts , nothing was more divisive then this crisis . 
  far-right in western europe , v4 moving from eu , all parties around europe being more strict on immigration . 
  it showed all the eu incompetence . 
   oh please , spare me . 
  if you want `` massive migration '' , you should have seen the former world powers immediately post-colonial . 
  that was a hurdle . 
  horrible argument ... 
  german population is in stagnation while uk is rising as fuck . 
  i would be suprised if you gdp lagged behind ... 
  there is not a country in the world that humiliated turks more then russia and for that we will always be grateful . 
  no seriously , who would not ? 
  its the massive migration that has spured a lot of ethnic recognition back . 
  people feel betrayed . 
  god wills it !, 
  the crusade should be called !, 
  i mean arabs are victimazing themselves already ... so why not ? 
   let me put it this way : i think western culture is better than the cultures of the countries immigrants are coming from . 
  it 's more attractive , it 's better at converting people , and it 's more accepting . 
  but it 's all of those things because it 's pluralistic . 
  people come and they or their children get seduced into the dominant culture . 
  but only if people are n't jackasses who insist that they have to choose . 
  you havent heard about gypsey havent you . 
  great integration , they only need time ... islam is not comparable . 
  they have strict laws on how they should live and are much more fanatical . 
  praying 5 time a day ... its not 1928 where people are being shunned and country is not trying to integrate them . 
  and the second generation is even more radical muslims than before . 
   are you sure you want to keep stalking me btw ? 
  first of all , i view r/europe often . 
  i viewed this thread and actually posted 15 comment here that are unrelated to you buddy . 
  and how does that support the claim that i said something xenophobic in this thread ? 
  it shows its reasonable . 
  44 % of european muslims are fundamentalists and we are counting ones from really secular countries like bosnia and turkey too !, 
   an unreasonable fear , distrust , or hatred of strangers , foreigners , or anything perceived as foreign or different . 
  except its reasonable son . 
  sure , you want less intolerant people coming into your country because you firstly need to integrate the ones that are already here . 
  callin people eastern european as a slur , now that is xenophobia !, 
   1928 ye we are 90 years from there m8 . 
  and homsexuals were treated horrible . 
  atleast women were treated a little bit better than then . 
  fundamentalisem of any sorts is bad !, 
  having some sharia law equivalent from old testament would be equally bad . 
   in a thread full of xenophobia . 
  only xenophobia guy here was you !, 
  i dont see no xenophobia , all i see is a love for ouns country and this union !, 
  ofc and they are really a small minority . 
  islam as a religion is more fundamentalistic , as it has strict laws on every face of life . 
  sorry not following you there !, 
   especially considering ... uhh ... the context of this thread i should get a pass , should n't i ? 
  again there are other possibilities like ukrainians and other balkanites . 
   not if you or your people do n't like their place of birth . 
  again entering a country is not a human right !, 
  they can be denied entery based on place of birth !, 
  its very simple . 
  60 % of european muslims would put numbers to 12-13mil . 
  4 % of christians in europe are fundamentalists . 
  that would probably put a number around 13-14 mil and we have 21 mil muslims and 300mil christians ... 
  these numbers are crazy , we have millions of muslim ultra-conservatives in eu right now !, 
  you just proved my point , thank you very much .
