  yea not all countries were at war and struck that hard . 
  nope . 
  its a very important strategic position on for black sea . 
  also they can build a bridge that was a [ bridge ] ( https://www.google.si/maps/place/crimea/@45.360132,36.5923628,13.08z/data=!4m5!3m4!1s0x40ea51e9edc7fa91:0xf6b10a07a2689492!8m2!3d44.952117!4d34.102417 ) before . 
  come and join the club , then you can have the rest ... 
   more efficient can i ask how ? 
  so you do support some annexations ? 
  ok that is what we gon na talk like , ok ... 
  israel , hawai , filiphines ... and that are only annexaation , what abour coups ? 
  how far back in history am i allowed to go ? 
  there is no permit for the annexation of crimea , but i would want to call americans angels or defenders of foreign lands ... 
  let me pharse this diffrente way . 
  ukrainians were never the majority in krim . 
  you support annexations as long as they fit your national goals . 
  i was refering to 19 century . 
  ofc krim wasnt always russian ... 
  they were pro russian . 
  historicly krim always had russian majority . 
  i dont really know why kru\u0161\u010dev even gave the land to ukraine ... 
  that is only half true . 
   police are hunting the men who are described as being eastern european , possibly polish . 
  lol i cant distinct polish guys from english . 
  but even more i cant distinct various eastern europeans . 
   i 've met some slovenians on erasmus and they said they have turbo folk there . 
  yea we got serbian and croatian tubro folk here . 
  we also got lots of immigrants from ex-yugo . 
   as soon as i crossed border from italy to slovenia , the slovenian police was out to get money from me . 
  lol can you stop with the bullshit already m8 ... you have never been in slovenia , its clear now , 
  there is no slovenian turbo folk doe ... 
  why you say that my gypsy friend :(, 
  i mean he mixed some real facts with russian propaganda . 
  russia has done so many bad things to ukrainians . 
  most ukrainians dont hate the russians , they hate putin . 
  and all that bullshit how worse ukraine will be with eu is appaling . 
  i mean eu brings stability and prosperity , something that ukraine wants ... 
  i thought you were russian . 
  maybe you are polish ? 
  why are you trying so hard to prove that there is no differences between ukraine and russia ? 
  i can speak russian , i can guarantee you that is not that eaasy to understand ukrainian ... 
  we are the switzerland of balkan !, 
  pls dont compare us to our northern neighbours ... 
  i guess i missed that . 
  also our culture is much more centro european ... 
   and did it ever happened to you that you would know an english word , but not a word from your native language ? 
  you wouldnt belive how often ... 
  i feel like you have never been in ukraine . 
  most ukrainians speak ukrainian . 
  yes in eastern part russian is more dominant but in kiev , i mostly heard ukrainian . 
  it sounds like russian + western slavic words . 
  and the writing is much easier . 
  you guys complicate things with o = a. . . 
  i am gon na stop you right there and say only part of slovenia is in balkan . 
  no dont say that . 
  balkan starts at kolpa . 
  they learn russian in school , like we learn english ... so what one guy cant remember the ukrainian word ... 
  croatia is not serbia only beacuse of their religion ? 
  lol then macedonia is serbia and montenegro is serbia . 
  why arent we croatian we have the same religion . 
  if ukraine was really russian there would be no russification in that region m8 . 
  culture , language , history , customs they are all diffrente from the russian . 
  slovenia is the same as ukraine ... we were owned or were in federations till 1991 . 
  poland for example has a rich history of their own country , with slovenia or ukraine its diffrente . 
  austria owned us for over millennium . 
  they tried to germanize us , deported our people , censored and basicly tried to intergrate our country into their own . 
  ukraine is not russia like croatia is not serbia . 
  they got there own culture , language , history . 
  19th century is the time when national ideas came to mind . 
  people were getting more and more nationalized . 
  they wanted there own country . 
  look for italy or germany for example . 
  they were living in there seperate countries for decades under holy roman empire ... 
  there is no doubt that ukraine state would come to existence with ukrainian intelectuals leading the way ... 
  there would be more people in ukraine and country would be more ethnicly united . 
  some land would be lost , especially on western border and some would be gained in the eastern . 
  look m8 . 
  if there were no russia , ukraine would probably have 10m people more ... russia has do so much bad things to ukraine i would feel offended by your post if i was ukrainian ... 
  but modern feminism is fighting for privilege . 
  perfect equality doesnt exist because women and men are diffrente but they can be at least treated the by laws , itd . 
  there is discrimination against women and men in our society ... most people want equal rights ... 
  that is like saying if there wasnt nazi germany jews would not have a country ... 
  gender roles should not be mandatory ? 
  women ask for equality ? 
  most people are for that and most americans are for making america great again or bringing jobs back to countries . 
  but this are all buzzwords for people to use their ideology into , you say you want equality when you actually want privilege . 
  gender roles should not be and are not mandatory but all kids of - kins that make you special and edgy shouldnt fall under this . 
  you build yourself a strawman like the guy before ... 
  you are asking why unemployment is low , saying that is doesnt adds up when it does . 
  also belarus is richer then most russia ... 
  your opinion on belarus is not accurate . 
  belarus has probably one of the most communist goverments in the world . 
  there industry in nationalized ... 
  lol . 
  cmon think of them as polish refugees . 
  i am sure your heart will say yes to more billions ... 
  lol . 
  it goes both way : integreation is not one way street . 
  can i get the article link ? 
  lol you are just encouraging the american stereotype . 
  lol . 
  slovenia is a land that breeds better people  .
