  that is also incorrect . 
  currency appreciation leads to - exports getting more expensive - imports getting cheaper - lower ad, 
  well germans should pay for their competitive deflation and monetary policies that favour them . 
  but why exactly would it be better ? 
  they gained social problems they never had ... 
  lol , you honestly seem clueless . 
  what is the bosnian unemployment rate ? 
   ilo 's ernst says germany can only hope that other european countries do not emulate its own wage deflationary policies too closely , as demand will dry up : `` if everyone is doing same thing , there wo n't be anyone left to export to . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-jobs-idustre8170p120120208 you made it possible that they can do that . 
  with your goverment policies . 
  and this thing that every other indebt country is similar to greece also has to stop . 
   germany has for many years pursued a policy of wage suppression , which many economists have described as a competitive devaluation or ` beggar thy neighbor ' policy . 
  germany 's gains in competitiveness were immediately translated to gains in trade , since the freedom of goods , services , persons and capital allowed german products to circulate freely and quickly throughout the european union . 
  yes you should pay your due . 
  if you think you have n't benefited from it you are very naive . 
  but that is another topic ... 
  i am wondering more about what you propose that other countries do ? 
  should they be more like germany with its wage supression or should i say competetive devaluation/wage deflation ... and we are not even talkin about monetary policy that favour germans and their exports . 
  low interest rates ... you are gaining on expense of your neighbours , man up and pay the bill ... 
  i think you own it to other eu countries . 
  you are gaining a lot of things on expense of your neighbours . 
  your surplus is a 8 % of you gdp . 
  that is criminal ... 
  wot ? 
  i do n't understand you are spending billions on refugees but do n't want to spend some to help strengthen the union and southern countries ... 
  sure but we must come to agree chinese government is much more horrible than american ... 
  lol, 
  nope , we are modest folks , god fearing and all ... 
  i mean croats are quite nationalistic ... 
  obviously jansheviks ... jan\u0161a is a paper tiger , similar to ku\u010dan on the right a boogie man ... 
  what did jan\u0161a do ? 
  oh give me a break . 
  45 % of slovenian land was under italian occupation . 
  these are false equivalences , we were all bad bla bla ... italian fascist never got nuremberg trials . 
  and this is coming from a guy who is half italian and half slovenian living straight on the border . 
  lol what ? 
  saudia arabia is a hellhole and you do n't need to be polish to see that . 
  lol liberal saudia arabia ... 
  pakistan westenarized ? 
  pls no lie . 
  its one of the world worst place for women , they literally have fundamentalits insurgency ... 
  why do you always have attack greeks ? 
  eh its not null and void . 
  the decision will come and you will have to accept it . 
  sure ... 
  just vote yes okay , we all know how you are ... 
  stating facts about genocide denial and funding isis is a bigotry . 
  we have come a full circle . 
  oh please , christian bigot posts ? 
  sure i am literally killing gays , opressing women and atheists and hating on jews while waging war on non-muslims . 
  the simple fact is we are more progressive than you . 
  the number of fundamentalists in middle east is astounding . 
  and lets not forget for the blind nationalism that turkey is full . 
  its all too common , habibis like you knowing nothing about europeans or isis ( which you funded ) and just making comparisons that are not really valid . 
  oh no its just genocide deniars and isis funders like you . 
  you mean like turks ? 
  would you personally support one ? 
  fertility rate of eu is 1.61 in 2016 . 
  replacement rate is 2.1 . 
  god bless us !, 
  hahha good one . 
  football but the european one . 
  i just came home from the match . 
  nope . 
  yes, 
  beacuse its a country with 25 % foreigners . 
  twice as many as usa and germany . 
  natives feel threatend . 
  but he doesnt like muslims ... 
  god dammit you got them . 
  lepzig using the loophole to own the company is the same thing as selling rights to sponsors . 
  genius . 
  its better for them to watch football not eggball . 
  its fake . 
  thousends of albanians have migrated to macedonia while their birth-rate was very very big . 
  they were outbreeding macedonians like crazy . 
  what happened was a parrarel society in macedonia . 
  many of these albanians have a dream about great albania . 
  that is ofc a problem for macedonians . 
  imagine netherlands having 4mil turks , look at the problem they have at 380k turks . 
  one should not forget they rebelled against macedonians before and attacked macedonian police forces . 
  it 's obvious you dont know situation , albanians are doing horrible things in macedonia . 
  macedonians are getting shit from greek , bulgarians , serbians and albanians . 
  ofc they are gon na explode at some point . 
  there is almost certain right-wing government . 
  we can sleep peacefully ... 
  well its not exactly like that . 
  there are places where swedish police does n't like to go and where they do n't really want to arest people so they dont riot . 
  i agree . 
  i just said that christian values are very similar to european ones . 
  there is strong secular state law in france anyway . 
  you are the most biased person on reddit . 
  always against europe and her ideals . 
  stick to your self-hating and social marxsism in r/europe . 
  go around telling about big bad right ... 
  yes he would have filled hearts of estonians with the power of christ . 
  sure but you must know that putin is simply pragmatic with turkey . 
  you turkish ? 
  why would russia ally with turkey ? 
  religion could have saved you communist occupation .
