  an additional $ 140 million was put into the fund by the state of new york from money they had received from the 2009 federal recovery act . 
  [ 30 ] on october 26 , 2010 , soros donated $ 1 million , the largest donation in the campaign , to the drug policy alliance to fund proposition 19 , that would have legalized marijuana in the state of california if it had passed in the november 2 , 2010 elections . 
  [ 88 ] in october 2011 a reuters story , `` soros : not a funder of wall street protests , '' was published after several commentators pointed out errors in an earlier reuters story headlined `` who 's behind the wall st. 
  protests ? '', 
  with a lede stating that the occupy wall street movement `` may have benefited indirectly from the largesse of one of the world 's richest men [ soros ] . '', 
  reuters ' follow-up article also reported a soros spokesman and adbusters ' co-founder kalle lasn both saying that adbusters -- the reputed catalyst for the first occupy wall street protests -- had never received any contributions from soros , contrary to reuters ' earlier story that reported that `` indirect financial links '' existed between the two as late as 2010 . 
  [ 89 ] [ 90 ] on september 27 , 2012 , soros announced that he was donating $ 1 million to the super pac backing president barack obama 's reelection priorities usa action . 
  [ 91 ] in october 2013 , soros donated $ 25,000 to ready for hillary , becoming a co-chairman of the super pac 's national finance committee . 
  [ 92 ] in june 2015 , he donated $ 1 million to the super pac priorities usa action , which supports hillary clinton in the 2016 presidential race . 
  since then he has donated an additional $ 6 million to the pac to support clinton . 
   no the trick will be that the american defense spending wo n't go down by a penny . 
  so what ? 
  they can spend as much as they like ... 
  its smarter for eu that arms industry of europe is competent and well funded . 
  if he was running for president , the main point of being non-establishment is being a unknown face in politics or a guy with a political stance that vastly differente then something we seen in mainstream politics before . 
  he doesnt know what he is talking about ... 
  not thats a lie . 
  it was 4 points which is for a election poll out of error margin ... 
  sure . 
   i never said that polls are correct , they are a good indicator and they are a really good indicator when they show something like a 15 % lead . 
  oh my son ... so naive ... remember when communist had 15 % lead and hitler blown them out of water ... yes , remember my young dieter . 
   if you want to remain a stubborn half-wit be my guest . 
  sorry not german . 
   you wanted to compare them to the referendum and the german federal election , which makes those state polls irrelevant . 
  i was saying that polls are not as reliable as you think . 
  you want to aroggantly belive the polls be my guest ... 
   no it is not . 
  if you had read what i wrote above you would know that the margin of error does n't just magically disappear just because of a bigger sampling size . 
  it doesnt . 
  but it makes it much smaller then what you stated ...  the indication of those polling averages was there is a big chance that clinton would indeed get a slight lead in the popular vote , which happened . 
  if the polls were `` wrong '' we would have seen a huge popular vote lead from trump , which we did n't . 
  now you are mixing popular vote polls and state polls . 
  great !, 
  american election is won on swing-states their polls are the most important . 
   brexit was in the margin of error . 
  not necessarly . 
  there were polls for popular vote and there were state polls . 
  on this were based predictions on who will win . 
  popular vote means shit and nothing is based on that in america . 
   what was wrong were some state polls . 
  you mean incredible wrong on swing-states that are most important in winning the election ? 
  for cost reasons , most opinion polls are limited to polling 1,000 people , and so the margin of error is 3 % . 
  polls of polls , which take the mean result from lots of different polls , have a much larger sample size , and therefore a smaller margin of error and are regarded as giving a more accurate representation of the population . 
  oh just admit its stupid for multiple polls aka election poll like clintons 4 point lead ...  polls of polls this is not a prediction . 
  we are looking at multiple polls . 
  the margin of error that you insists on is kinda pointless . 
  for cost reasons , most opinion polls are limited to polling 1,000 people , and so the margin of error is 3 % . 
  polls of polls , which take the mean result from lots of different polls , have a much larger sample size , and therefore a smaller margin of error and are regarded as giving a more accurate representation of the population . 
  lecture me on statistic doe ... 
    2 to 5 is not average margin of error . 
  for election polls . 
  ok let me explain this to you . 
  margin of error in this predictions is smaller beacuse they take lots of polls into equation . 
  if you want to get a more accurate picture of who 's going to win the election , you need to look at more polls . 
  just as asking more people in one poll helps reduce your margin of error , looking at multiple polls can help you get a more accurate view of what people really think . 
    2 to 5 is not average margin of error . 
  for election polls . 
  ok let me explain this to you . 
  margin of error in this predictions is smaller beacuse they take lots of polls into equation . 
  if you want to get a more accurate picture of who 's going to win the election , you need to look at more polls . 
  just as asking more people in one poll helps reduce your margin of error , looking at multiple polls can help you get a more accurate view of what people really think . 
  4 points lead gives you atleast 70 % of winning . 
  i think you are underestimating how much is 4 points actually . 
  there are 6 states where pollsters got wrong by more then a 5 . 
  2 to 5 is not average margin of error . 
  dont bother he is a troll . 
  communist or fascist they are all the same , manipulating people for their own personal gains . 
  if you think trump chances were in 2 % to 5 % bracket you are crazy . 
  we are talking 70 % to 30 % for clinton . 
  ofc its a different system , what i am saying is pollsters leave out a lot of people who live in the countryside and people who normally dont vote . 
  why is it so hard to understand hans ? 
  lol . 
  after brexit and trump you can hardly say that is a margin of error . 
  there is no polls r bad meme . 
  its a simple fact that polls got it wrong ( probably because country folks and city folks mindsets differe . ), 
  you have to accept that , no matter how big is your german arrogance . 
  sure but immigration and economy are the bigest issues in europe right now ... thats all i am saying . 
  what are you on about ? 
  trump was never in politics before . 
  he was a democrat before becoming a republican . 
  clintons , bushes are definitely establishment . 
  point out the hypocrisy !, 
  pls we are talking about political elites , yes a lot of them are wealthy . 
  that doesnt mean every billioner is a political elite ... 
  dont 100 % believe the polls . 
  many people have been burned before ... 
  ofc its people against establishment . 
  trump won with this . 
  clintons is a presidental family like bush . 
  my grandfather worked for my country in eu . 
  he would often tell me stories that brits are the most speculative people he met , also very aroggant . 
  they would often ally with netherlands . 
  we are past that now ... , 
  but you dont have a choice , that is the point ... we cant take all the migrants , especially when the muslim ones are so problematic . 
  there is no war in eritrea . 
  no matter how much you want to push your agenda , there is simply no war . 
  if we are going by human rights abuse , hell we can take whole africa . 
  even on the border of eu there is a country with history of human right abuse-belarus . 
  we could be talking 1-2 billion people ... 
  you live in a dream world , where money grows on trees and we can all live together happy .
