  sa and turkey are both american lapdogs , and iran depends on russia immensely . 
  uk will connect with us even more after leaving eu , lol . 
  a guy who is living there would know that . 
  eu is nowhere near crumbling , quite the opposite with macron its only looking to strengthen . 
  eu is crumbling ? 
  now that is a new one ... turkey and iran relations are doomed from the start . 
  so is russia and turkey relationship . 
  stick to football m8 . 
  endorsing dictators is just laughable ... 
  does it say how many of ausl\u00e4nder are from europe ? 
  if we split croatia with serbs i would be willing to take that name . 
  we get dalmatia and serbs can take the shitty croatia ... 
  looks like we gained an ally . 
  hope we also get serbia and hungary on our side ... 
  but we only got one ex-yugo neighbour ... 
  i am sure its not as bad as turkey ... 
  why would poles go to portugal for work ? 
  your wages are lower than ours ... 
  immigrants are net positive for economy that is simply a fact . 
  social problems may arise though . 
  i think pragmatism is something western countries lack a lot . 
  talking about things that do n't exist and are worth nothing like european character should not even be a discussion ... 
  we can expect some legitimate refugees to be coming from libiya because its an un-safe country . 
  most of the people coming from libiya that are not libiyans are actually immigrants ( nigerians for example ) . 
  that is what i tried to say . 
  this is the catch . 
  people coming into italy are mostly migrants passing through unsafe countries ... also deport system is almost non-exsistent ... 
  well the problem is , libiya is mainly a transit country ... its like me visiting syria and then going to germany for asaylum ... 
  when you are the most helping continente on the planet earth but people who come to you still shit on you when you give them home , shelter and food ... somalie immigrants in a nutshell ... 
  that is interesting . 
  turkey is actually much more multicultural than uk . 
  remember that you have around 18 % kurds with much bigger birthrate . 
  if we go by numbers alone . 
  there are just as many ethnic brits as there is turks . 
  around 55mil . 
  indeed, 
  ok then poland ... 
  around the world certanily . 
  but estonia having less corruption than italy and spain for example . 
  the wages , poverty levels are much different . 
  your media ran this story . 
  that they are talking to experts to trying to make it null . 
  i remember that because our most reputable newspaper ( delo ) wrote about it . 
  you do n't remember what andrej plenkovi\u0107 said ... 
  did n't they say , they will fight to make it null with everything possible ... 
  i never said it luck was n't involved . 
  but its kinda funny to follow the deterministic model . 
  rarely you see that in modern day societies . 
  giving so much value on destinies . 
  a good excuse . 
  i will just give you few examples : greece , a country that did n't go through communism and used marshalls plan to the fullest extent . 
  now they have lower wages then use and economic and political sense very unstable . 
  china and india are a good example . 
  the things chinese have done in past decades are remarkable . 
  countries arguably have the same potential . 
  or why iceland a country with horrible conditions , is so advance . 
  never denied we have corruption . 
  but croatia level corruption ? 
  forget it . 
  i agree with that . 
  the problem is one-way leaving the agreement is something international law does n't accept . 
  the court said it was not as important as croatian media made it sound and people resigned to make everything more transparent for croatians . 
  basically you ca n't really leave the agreement as by agreeing with the arbitra\u017ea you transfered the right of making it invalid on the court ... 
  first of all comparing modern day countries to those back in the day is quite funny . 
  anyway how does all this disprove my point again ? 
  you think northern countries have less corruption because of luck ? 
  or are we gon na blame the ottomans for that ... 
  the fact of the matter is you take the jealous stance instead of taking us as an inspiration . 
  for example being like austria has always been a goal of the slovenes . 
  the country is strongly shifted towards eu and we work very hard on becoming a modern western nation . 
  playing the eu way means sometimes also losing with dignity . 
  brushing it all to luck would be a crime . 
  lots have to do with culture . 
  there is a reason southern european countries are drowning in debt , have high unemployment and are very corrupt . 
  what are you on about ? 
  czech love us . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  boys you got that chocolate incident . 
  you really think you will be giving serbia your disputed land ? 
  i would say its the opposite . 
  we made the most of the situation with yugoslavia falling apart and there is plenty of envy from some people across the border . 
  i do n't really see a problem with slovenia wanting to become more eu like . 
  the corruptness and instability of the balkans are bad for every country . 
  why not follow something that works ? 
  instead you cry about other countries `` complexes '' . 
   anyway , can someone eli5 or tl : dr this , i do n't really understand the whole thing who cheated who sued who did what ? 
  if i try explaining that , we will be arguing here for the next 24 h. . . 
  croatian telling me about the truth ... ^ its ^ a ^ joke , ^ dont ^ start ^ burning ^ slovenian ^ flag ^ in ^ your ^ backyard ... 
  sure my dear nationalistic neighbour ... 
  and eu will shit its pants again . 
  relaying on eu to enforce anything is a lost cause ... 
  well islamophobia has atleast a little reason behind it . 
  while anti-semitisem lacks it . 
  immigrants from ukraine are mostly ethnic russians . 
  do they get russian citizenship ? 
  i also know about kazahstan being a major source of russians coming back and even germans . 
  for example 1mil people moved from kazahstan to germany . 
  but most of them were ethnic germans . 
  arent there lots of former russians coming back from former ussr republics ? 
  that is what i heard .
