  as for the west , outright display of power is seen as dumb and only a insecure person would display it in a `` meathead '' way . 
  it 's posturing like call for peace while you further support either shia or sunni leaders agressivenes toward eachother , you are killing two birds with one stone ... you get what i am saying habibi ? 
  cant you guys just deport her ? 
  exactly , hateful ideologies such as nazism and islam should be banned . 
  you do n't get it . 
  we as ee or as balkan have been killing eachother 26 years ago , and in some parts in ukraine we still are . 
  but ofc slovenians are civilized people ofc we didt commit horrors that serbs have done . 
  i am sorry i was counting us as a balkan and eastern europe . 
  never again !, 
  you base your opinion too much on reddit left-wing semantics . 
  we were killing kebab 26 years ago in the balkans ... eastern europe is still eastern europe . 
  lol . 
  we should help americans contain the chinese . 
  power must stay in western part of the world , its obvious beneficial to us . 
  europe should federalise and take back the holy land !, 
  eu border should be at tokio . 
  we are not gon na fight usa you dumbass . 
  china would n't do shit for europe anyway ... 
  so what ? 
  fuck america and fuck china . 
  china is one of the worlds biggest polluters and they are not # 1 economically . 
  get that small chinese dick out of your mouth . 
  china is a horrible country with even more horrible un-democratic laws . 
  i would not want that country and its rich oligarchs to do anything with us . 
  he is the god . 
  only weeabos watch that shit . 
  you can get beaten here if you say you watch anime or maga shows as its a sign of gayness . 
  what shitty laws are being passed and what are some good ones that are neglected ? 
  i do n't actually see it as that bad . 
  ofc left-wingers and right-wingers will complain because is too centrist but still its kinda good . 
  right is rising all around europe !, 
  thats what they say ... 
  ye i knew that russians are supporting separatists . 
  because people there support less immigration from mena countries and feel like their average political party isnt listening . 
  you would be suprised ... 
  its the endless circle as italians are stealing polish jobs in germany and uk . 
  lol , you are dumb . 
  pope is emissary from god and god can not be defeated !, 
  i believe they say : out !, 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  we could ban american muslims ? 
  why ? 
  i think you are reaching a little . 
  you can see that shit from france , netherlands and uk . 
  even in germany , right wing parties got stronger . 
  and ofc how is this not a migrant crisis ? 
  first of all . 
  eu consists of 28 countries and not all disagree with a ban on certain muslim countries . 
  not all actually agree with `` tolerance for all '' . 
  right-wing parties are rising all around europe because of the migrant crisis and this is not going to stop . 
  v4 countries who are bastion of european conservatism are getting friends from other parts of eu . 
  what is so bad objectively about him ? 
  some would say he was great !, 
  lol macedonia is 25 % albanian in a nation of 2 mil . 
  and they are gon na attack 10mil greece and take their land ? 
  yes i would support ban on immigration from mena countries . 
  [ ye ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=9y9dfyljoxw ), 
  it translates to `` when we were at war '' . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhcwjhhuvic ), 
  what country are you from ? 
  lol , there is not a lot of history to learn . 
  or you wan na learn how the farmer in some rovte milked the cow ? 
  m8 \u043f\u0438\u0434\u043e\u0440 means neighbor . 
  and \u0445\u0443\u0439 is just a friendly house . 
  do you even russian ? 
  m8 atleast learn about national economies before you lecture on them . 
  you dirty croat bastard !, 
  lol , i always knew you guys are actually civilized . 
  ye russia is a poor country . 
  deal with it . 
  lol italy with its shitty south has bigger economy . 
  are you the man of action or a loud mouth ? 
  join a foreign legion . 
  i am not croatian . 
  not all ee countries have bad relationship with russia . 
  slovenia is not threatened by russia and we frankly never were . 
  for example ? 
  you are just mad because you country is albanian !, 
  imagine the greatest country you have ever seen . 
  we are better than that . 
  `` white man '' aka literally the devil ^ tm who walks the earth . 
  sadly second only to the muslim who is a satan personified . 
  meh is just treats all peope like neo-nazi racists . 
  if you demonize people enough even the way they piss is gon na bother you . 
  its ok , people see through it . 
  populist right is winning around europe and usa . 
  i hope you atleast are a minority and not somekind of their for cause-friends . 
  that site is just left-britbarf . 
  or maybe elvis was one of the most talented musicians out there . 
  ffs are we gon na attack black people that are good at classical music because that is what `` white people '' invented . 
  this white and black inventions are just racist shit you guys come up with . 
  because i own them absolutely nothing `` because i am white '' and that site is cancer lady . 
  they dont own that culture . 
  with people like this you ca n't ever get right . 
  usa is a great example why multiculturalism doesnt work . 
  thats the point . 
  they have no right to say what white americans can and can not wear , or what hairstyle they wan na have . 
  you are advocating that minoritys should feel offended because of fucking feathers in the hat thing . 
  culture is not racial or ethnical m8 .
