salarys are like that due our export which is rising and when we enterd capitalisem , we didnt do fast privatization ( country keept some vital parts of industry and economy ) we also got excellent geographical position , neighbouring italy , austria , hungary and croatia, 
  croatia and slovenia are very similar in this . 
  i am sorry but according to this we are surpassing it . 
  avreage growth in eu in was 2014 was 1.4 % and we got 2.5 % . are you reading this correctly if not i can help you . 
  look page number 9 !, 
  our debt is and was increaseing in accordenc to europe union.serbia is in much bigger trouble than slovenia , i dont know about croatia but our gdp is raising again 3 % per year , we are on a right track and i think you over exaggerating . 
  lol whole europe is in debt.salarys are like that due our export which is rising and when we enterd capitalisem , we didnt do fast privatization ( country keept some vital parts of industry and economy ) we also got excellent geographical position , neighbouring italy , austria , hungary and croatia . 
  this is why i hate croatians / s, 
  lol legal and moral obligation . 
  are you stupid ? 
  its our good will . 
  hey you dont know me . 
  most women in western world i think . 
  you are a dumb motherfucker . 
  there i said it . 
  all am saying is croatia has some dark history , so live in the present . 
  stop living in the past man . 
  we in eu now . 
  and why would she need to speak serbian to you ? 
  you are a croat . 
  oh that really was your sister  . 
  not everybody can speak serbo-croatian . 
  btw they learned serbian not croatian . 
  lets not kidd ourselves we are better , richer , more advance . 
  you dont know the struggle when you you have to act all humble but are so much better then your southern neighbours . 
  its hard . 
  i feel like you should come to slovenia , talk to some slovenians and you will see we are not that bad . 
  why do we do this to eachother ? 
  we are more alike then any other ex-yugo countries . 
  i have croatian friends , they are great . 
  its the damn politics that is dividing us . 
   through business and life i met also many slovenian people , went out with them in slovenia . 
  trust me as croatian man that i am not envious in any state or form of slovenia as country or slovenian man . 
  i pity how confused typical slovenian man is . 
  regarding your country it takes me 1 hour to drive across your country , nobody stops in your country unless they need to take a shit on the way to croatia sea side . 
  why so mad ? 
   slovenian man as stereotype want 's to be more austrian then slovenian , but fact is that his father or mother are either serbian , bosnian or croat . 
  you try convince yourself that you do n't belong to balkans but brother balkans fucked your woman and you can act all austrian as you want . 
  why so envious again ? 
  you are soo butthurt , its more like your sister got fucked by slovenians . 
   regarding why we call you zlovenia is because you act as dicks since we split from yugoslavia . 
  you had 10 day war and you did almost nothing to help us out during this times . 
  after the war you only seek how to steal our land , money and resources in a sneaky way . 
  luckily there is justice and for each attempt you lost and were punished in fines for it . 
  we see you as cheap bustards that will try to screw us over every chance you get . 
  due to that we came up with jokes like zlovenci . 
  look its not our fault our country is doing soo much better then croatia . 
  things just are that way , but you can always be our summer destination . 
  we will bring our money and spend it there , boosting croatian economy and employing thousends and thousends of croatians . 
  maybe next time you will show some respect  . 
  nice . 
  m8 i go to croatia every year . 
  its usually the croat women ( which are beautiful by the way , even more then serbian in my opinion ) that do that . 
  my friends girlfriend is croatian , but he lives near the border . 
   we call them zlovenia due to many incidents we have with them where they try to screw us over ( taking oue sea , taking our savings money in ljubljanska banka , etc ) . 
  just show how biased you are . 
  you are taking our sea , ljubjanska banka is the best , iligal crossing of refugees that are encouraged by croatia . 
  you are the one who screw us over , time and time again . 
  why are you guys so envious ? 
  are you russian ? 
  very interesting if you can understand that  . 
  that is the first time i heard this . 
  none of my balkan friends think that way . 
  the joke is usually how we are bosnians ( beacuse of immigrants ) . 
  and there is a stereotype about how balkan women are easy . 
  ( but we dont consider slovenia part of balkan . ), 
  edit : probably a croat troll . 
  calls us zlovenia . 
  just shows why balkan the way it is , jealousy is so sad . 
  slovenia has a good relationship with russia . 
  putin was here a month ago . 
  no the average wage a month is around 1000 $ , but things are a lot cheaper then in america . 
  stop with the american dumbass stereotype . 
  ah , the classic . 
  its not the end of the world . 
  stop overreacting . 
  no russia will not conquest eastern europe again . 
  no trump will not open concentration camps for immigrants . 
  god , this subreddit is a mess . 
  dont act like america is some best country in the world . 
  very strange . 
  this reads like a propaganda piece . 
  what he said is not what usual europan thinks about erdogan . 
  he sounds like an immigrant from turkey . 
  anyway you guys are way more liberal than many belive . 
  i know two guys from izmir who explained the army thing to me . 
  very interesting . 
  ataturk was really great man . 
  he struck a right deal between western values , islam , turkish culture . 
  its kinda sad . 
  russia and eu should not be so hostile toward eachother . 
  to pa da me kli\u010de\u0161 po internetu slovencl al pa , da sm zabit me pa na \u017ealost ne moti  . 
  a to je kao zmerlivka ? 
  this guy is a stupid troll . 
  why doesnt he just immigrate back to serbia so he can shout slava rasiji as much as he wants ... 
  what country are you talking about ? 
  serbia ? 
  cause slovenia is doing great and eu is really good for slovenia . 
   mostly serbs , croats and some bosnians ( and lots of turks , but well , that 's another story ) . 
  there are lots of those in slovenia as well except the turks ofc .
