  that is the crustedlamb i know . 
  lying and deceiving . 
   we used to have to sneak into central and western europe , we 're eastern european , thank you very much . 
  your anti-eastern european bias is showing . 
  now stop embarrassing yourself . 
   because they are needed in many areas due to lack to people to do some jobs and also demographic decline ? 
  also , you are assuming that people are homogeneous . 
  that is simply not true . 
  we have incredible unemployment in the south europe . 
  again 44 % of european muslims are fundamentalists andwe are talking about european ones !, 
   it is not correct to assume people have a set of opinions because they were born in a place . 
  that 's something you do not control . 
  you find people with liberal values in middle east and you can find real nazis in europe . 
  what you have to do is control immigration , not ban it based on their country of origin . 
  noone has the right to enter you country if you dont want him or he is in immediate danger . 
  lamb you my friend are an asshole . 
  talking shit about eastern europeans . 
  you are a champagne socialist like i said . 
  alway looking down on others ... 
  i am a huge fan of that game , still your shitty joke does not excuse you ... 
  yes we have our own , why would we import more ? 
  we have trouble integrating current ones . 
   ee aka eastern european . 
  its obvious you are bigoted . 
  oh cmon can i quote you :  ignore the fact that you are a sad ee-trashbag your comment not mine ... 
  islam is crazly ideologistic . 
  when catholics want to have law system from old testament then we should ban that too . 
  lol the paradox of tolerance . 
  see it right here boys !, 
  again with xenophobia against eastern europeans ... my boy !, 
  in 2002 about 80 % were ethnic slovenes . 
  but slovenia had one of the highest immigration bilanz at 1 % . 
  that is like germany getting 800k every year . 
  the number of ethnic population must have fallen below 80 % its probably at around 75 % . 
  25 % are of foreign descent while foreign born is at 11 % the same as germany . 
  ye , austrian basements are world_known . 
  but its only 47km of the sea !, 
  20 % of slovenia are ex yugos . 
  most of them from bosnia , not necessary bosniak . 
  we are , its just you are some much better at everything than us . 
  gets annoying real quick . 
  that one hurt . 
  but i am sure we will become great again from selling tons of melania cake . 
  jasenovac rings a bell ? 
  i think it was quite good . 
  at least you guys dont want to break from us , ye ? 
  was ? 
  why are people being such dicks to you macedonians ? 
  the greek , the bulgarian , the albanian ... 
  i simply dont get it ... 
  lol you dont get it . 
  you have home-grown preachers by opening theological muslim school . 
  even so if i were president i would control mosques the same way we spy on our population . 
  like the russians do it . 
  separatin of curch and state means something else in this context . 
  i mean you can hardly call them few . 
  maybe a vetting similar to uk for idians and pakistanians . 
  but do we have to dry middle east of highly educated ? 
  we are having hard time integrating the one who are here . 
  we dont need new ones , to further our problem . 
  sure . 
  i would immediately do the blanket ban . 
  whole mena region . 
  i find nothing wrong in that . 
  ofc it would be temporary but we have a lot of things to do with our muslims communities already and we dont need new recruits . 
  i dont get why are we concerned with terrorism and fringe islam , when we have 8-9 million ultraconservative muslims in europe . 
  https://phys.org/news/2015-01-islamic-fundamentalism-marginal-phenomenon-europe.html only 4 % of christians have fundamentalistic views . 
  only 44 % of muslims have fundamentalistic views . 
  first thing you do is stop further immigration from that place ( mena countries ) the second is investing lots of time , money and energy in itegrating this people . 
  you must control the mosques through schools you set up . 
  try not to ghettoize this people , encourage moderate muslims to speak out like khan !, 
  get muslims to accept western values . 
  sure european muslims are very secular the thing is europe have lots of arabs , afghans , pakistanis and north africans ... french muslims are much more fundamentalistic then german for example . 
  44 % of the european muslims are fundamentalists . 
  europe will have to deal with this paradox of tolerance of the intolerance ... 
  ofc the process of joining is incredible strict and important . 
  where do you get this propaganda ? 
  this is top notch ... sure eu rules ukraine and we could tell them to anything . 
  stop acting like you are somekind of samaritarians for fucks sake . 
  you are supporting the killing with you own army . 
  you dont give a fuck about ukrainians , it 's so obvious . 
  atleast use common sense . 
  why would it be profitable for ukraine to carry on with the war . 
  their goal is simple . 
  join the eu and because of it get richer and less corrupt . 
  kinda not true ... 
  why not ? 
  hey what about thompson in knin ? 
  pahor is already on that !, 
  was ? 
  spasiba . 
  exactly !, 
  that is what i am trying to say . 
  why do you have to act like that ? 
  i mean in srdjan i dont see an \u0110 . eurovisionist why do you always have to act so croatian ? 
  how do you pronounce tvrtko ? 
  lol, 
   grow some balls or something , buddy . 
  lmao . 
   he implied that australia stopped all boats , i pointed out that in fact they , among other failures and circumstances that make this impossible when it comes to greece and turkey , still receive boats , they just do n't reach australian land due to the aussies dealing with the boats beforehand .
