  and how are they biased or alternative ? 
  the ban would probably mean mena immigration would be curbed . 
  you would probably ban holders of certain citizenship . 
  i understand but i am talking about fundamentalists . 
  the same people who in america prevent abortions laws , and often support radical laws against homosexuals . 
   oh what a surprise : your posting history is a long list of hate . 
  your entire life is devoted to hate . 
  i dont know how you got to that point . 
   you are more hateful than any muslim i know . 
  i mean those are anecdotal evidence . 
  what i am giving you is facts ... 
   what happens when someone is a muslim but say they 're a christian instead ? 
  how is this policed ? 
  the same way we police when one comes without passport on the border and says he is from syria . 
  they talk to him about it . 
  or you could offer them bacon and beer , 
  i guess i should have specified , we are not talking refugees . 
  th eistern european uan my frnd . 
  thank god for silvio !, 
  there is only one song i could name : [ vlado kreslin-z gori\u010dkega v piran ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jpaxusi2tmw ), 
  your politicians are crazy . 
  we are definitely great and so are baltics and eastern european countries !, 
  what country are you interested in ? 
  christian democrat - just not the german kind . 
  its the only way in order to open eu has to close itself from mena immigration . 
  they included 6 countries : germany , belgium , austria , france , netherlands and sweden . 
  so it kinda is germany . 
  but it paints an ever better picture of a western muslim . 
  some people actually belive progressive muslims are not tiny minority ... 
  that study is done is western europe but ok ... ofc i wanted also to show that muslims treat homosexuals horrible . 
  we are talking death in 7 countries . 
  probably over 100m live under this rule !, 
   according to 2013 study by social science research center berlin , two thirds of the muslims interviewed say that religious rules are more important to them than the laws of the country in which they live , almost 60 percent of the muslim respondents reject homosexuals as friends ; 45 percent think that jews can not be trusted ; and an equally large group believes that the west is out to destroy islam ( christian respondents ' answers for comparison : as many as 9 percent are openly anti-semitic ; 13 percent do not want to have homosexuals as friends ; and 23 percent think that muslims aim to destroy western culture ) https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread  homosexuals are beheaded , hanged and stoned in modern saudi arabia and iran , where muhammad 's laws are applied most strictly . 
  five other muslim countries also have the death penalty on their books for homosexual behavior . 
  in the past , gays were burned . 
  so this dictricts dont have muslim majoritys ? 
  lets stop lying to ourselfs . 
  they integrate much worse then any other immigrants bar gypsys . 
  they are not selling the stuff in the ghettos and slums , that would be dumb . 
  i bought 3 little eiffle towers for my family there . 
  lol . 
  [ un proves assad regime dropped chemical bombs on civilians ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/25/un-proves-assad-regime-dropped-chemical-bombs-on-civilians/ ), 
  i mean its funny as 2006 you had neo-nazi no-go zones . 
  and now you have muslim ones . 
   according to der spiegel : `` there are districts where immigrant gangs are taking over entire streets for themselves . 
  native residents and business people are being intimidated and silenced . 
  people taking trams during the evening and nighttime describe their experiences as ` living nightmares . ''  duisburg 's marxloh district , one of the most problematic in germany , has been described as `` a memorial to germany 's failed integration policy . '', 
   n24 said about the area : `` once duisburg-marxloh was a popular shopping and residential area . 
  now clans claim the streets for themselves . 
  the police are powerless . 
  the descent of the district is nightmarish . 
   `` police will enter some parts of marxloh only with reinforcements . 
  several patrol cars are needed to respond even to commonplace rear-end collisions . 
  too often , they are surrounded by an aggressive mob , spat upon and threatened . 
   `` last year , police were deployed to marxloh more than 600 times with four or more patrol cars . 
  meh , i dont think russia and usa are any differente in this . 
  your own bias is preventing you from seeing this things more objectivly . 
  thats geopolitics m8 , russians dont care if assad gasses his own people ... 
  i been to paris . 
  there are defo ghettos and slums but center is quite nice . 
  so many black people selling souvenirs on the streets doe ... 
  no , its the first time i heard this . 
  surly you had muslim enclaves or gypsy enclaves in germany in 2006 . 
  that whole channel is islamic propaganda . 
  just look at some other videos there ... 
  ah cmon now this is just silly . 
  he just cant fathom it . 
  atleast he was fun . 
  he was the master of drama . 
  sadly he wasnt so good with economy as with drama . 
  there is a small sub-section of sjws here and they have their on safe-space in abandoned factory [ rog ] ( http://tovarna.org ) . 
  ofc they are ridiculed but there is not enough of them to complain . 
  you guys had berlusconi . 
  the sjw would kill themselves if they had him as president . 
  his comments were quite hilarious ( tanned obama ) . 
  lol , the delusion is strong with this one . 
  pakistan could have 10000000million conscripts , west is still the cultural , economic and military king . 
  oh and you know that very well , as do every muslim living in the world . 
  i see so many hispanics , blacks in the usa military you would cry your kurdish tears if you saw this . 
  like i said you obviously you dont know shit about europan history . 
  stick to being the sick man of europe , remember if the european powers would not help you , russia would rule all the anatolia and thrace . 
  so say thank you . 
  as for speaking german . 
  ofc i do . 
  i also speak serbian , russian , slovene and english . 
  see we have a thing called education here . 
  remember the humbleness of the ataturk , and stay in your lane kiddo . 
  tumblr is 60-40 females . 
  reddit is 60-40 males . 
  is stepjan hauser 100 % croat ? 
  what do you mean 1/4 ? 
  wtf are you on about ? 
  wait is `` the holy book '' now in turkish ? 
  why would west need to show its power ? 
  it 's undisputed king of the world and usa is the leader of the pack . 
  turks know it as do other muslims . 
  even ataturk knew how more advanced europeans were and are ... also ofc western powers support conflicts its in their interest to do so . 
  also lol nazis were not supported more then commies or democrats , it just that people often used the war for personal battles ( including countries see croatia , ukraine , baltics , finland ... ), 
  btw you been to izmir ? 
  city seemed quite liberal .
