   the sweden democrats soared in all opinion polls during the summer of 2015 , even topping web-based polls from yougov and sentio in late summer , with a little over a quarter of the vote . 
  the party also saw rising support in phone-based polls , although the swing was lower . 
  this was the first time in 100 years that any party other than the social democrats and the moderates had topped official opinion polls . 
  i mean it depends on what kind of polls you use . 
  i would agree that phone-based one is maybe a little bit more proven . 
  still they gained massive support . 
  sure but eurosceptic party like swedens democrats would never got so much support without immigration - topic . 
  its obvious they have so many single issue voters-immigration . 
  10 years everyone were laughing to sweden democrats , they were a fringe party . 
  now they have incredible support . 
  its more like people support eu but hate illegale immigration into eu and no party will do anything . 
  thats why sweden , netherlands and france have far-right parties in 25 % . 
  you cant compare america-the cultural pot to ethno-centric european countries . 
   i think it will work for us . 
  we had fertility rate of around 1.6 last year . 
  i think we will reach 1.8 within few years . 
  together with increased immigration from eastern europe , our demographic development will be positive . 
  something similar happend in our country . 
  we had fertility rate around 1.2 now we have 1.6 . 
  and we also have big balkan ex-yugo immigration . 
  edgy . 
  but that is a horrible plan ... 
  that is correct but also remember in 2008 we had one of the highest fertilty rates in 20 years . 
  with falling unemployment more people should afford to have families . 
  its already happening in portugal ... 
  i agree . 
  but eastern european countries desperately need ukrainian workers . 
  and they integrate wonderfully . 
   need better policies . 
  yep , but europe economy is growing and fertility rate follows it . 
  but still its not enough . 
  that is true but what will eastern europe and south europe do ? 
  should we agree with some latin american countries for gastarbeiter deals ? 
  eastern europe is already doing it in a way with ukrainians . 
  without ukrainians , poland would have population less then 37 mil . 
  they have massive emigration and one of the lowest fertility rates in europe . 
  the numbers of them have to be lower then 30k . 
  something similar to balkan route now . 
  hey !, 
  moscow ... 
  the sad thing is this people actually believe this shit ... 
  they burned their own capitol and half their land when napoleon came . 
  russia just humiliated turks for over 200 years , but ye atleast some mongols burned moscow which was not their capitol at that time anyway . 
  i really doubt collapse of the eu will happen . 
  so eu is a single market , you proposed a hypothetical scenario where all exports from uk to eu and eu to uk suddenly no longer exists . 
  i showed you why uk would collapse if that happend while eu would go into recession . 
  some countries would suffer real deep recession like ireland , some would n't even feel it like most of eastern europe . 
  the eu market is much more important for eu then uk market is for eu . 
  are the sweden democrats left or right wing party ? 
  look economy is not monopoly game . 
  if you lose 3 % of your exports you are probably gon na get in recession . 
  if you lose 44 % of you exports your country would probably collapse . 
  gdp of eu is so much bigger then uk , the 147 billion is for a eu pocket money . 
  ok , look eu is a federation of 510mil . 
  ofc they are gon na import more from eu . 
  eu-to uk export are 3 % of all export . 
  while uk to eu is around 44 % of all export . 
  city means nothing in russian culture , they would burn it down in a second ... 
  you are not reading what i am writing . 
  1 % of muslim sedular educated elite are not majority of our muslim immigrants m8 . 
  elites rule in tusnia as they do in saudia arabia where political elite is quite progressive while people arent . 
  arab spring consists of civil wars where religious crazies want to rule the countries and a few demonstrations . 
  first of all muslims immigrants must be poor how else are we gon na continue that its the poverty that gets them into crime and terrorism . 
  second he was talking about jealousy between other nationalities and muslims . 
  there are other immigrants in netherlands then muslims m8 . 
  definitely islamist apologists have much more in common with muslims then atheist or christian europeans . 
  you mean the educated muslim elite that is quite secular and progressive like londons mayor . 
  sure they exist , they are less the 1 % of the muslims population . 
  aha the only country that arab spring actually happend , small tunisia . 
  great !, 
  then you got ta be drunk or something . 
  the same people that that see you as a threat . 
  this is why we as europeans are gon na lose . 
  tolerance of intolerance , people with no actual critical thinking , living in the castles in the clouds . 
  atheism is prohibited in 13 muslim countries . 
  lol arab spring is not about secularism ... albanians , bosnians and turks are european . 
  also much more secular . 
  you got to be muslims yourself . 
  exactly their backwards values want to rule this society . 
  thats what they want . 
  again what happened in america has been normal in muslims world for decades , islam is much more fundamentalistic then christianity . 
  albanians , turks and bosnians should be the only muslims in europe . 
  again you dont wan na come back to reality . 
  we have their countries as example and we have polls , we have backwards things like female genital operations , we have numbers on their crime . 
  and make no mistake hungarians would love to deport roma population as would probably most eastern europeans . 
  they integrate very badly , my aunt is a teacher , she had to go to there camp a dozen time just to get their children to school . 
  they live this nomadic life and girls under under the age of 15 can be easily married there . 
  this is not an overblown issue , its a very real issue that some want to brush asides because they can fanthom it . 
  thank you i was waiting for this !, 
  christian fundamentalists are crazy . 
  now guess how many are in europe ? 
  4 % guess how many european muslims are fundamentalistic ? 
  44 % its obvious islam is a threat to western democracy and secularism . 
  just look at africa !, 
  lets talk 21 century pls . 
  again we arguing different things . 
  we all know terrorist muslims are fringe group . 
  but i am talking mainstream muslims , 60 % of them put religious laws over the laws of the country . 
  imagine if christians were like that . 
  or imagine if 44 % of people would be fundamentalists .
