  its kinda funny actually , me and my family were in bavaria last week and our car broke down . 
  so we take it to mechanic and he looks at our registration plates and starts talking serbo-croat to us . 
  i agree . 
  yep . 
  we should have merged with austria not serbs and croats . 
  minimum wage would probably be 500 euros higher . 
  germanization and propaganda does their thing . 
  what can you do when you are so small ? 
  so ofc i laugh when people feel bad for germans that lived in slovenia and got deported . 
  ( btw the same thing happend to slovenians so ko\u010devarji could live in more norther slovenia but they deported them to concentration camps ) . 
  most were nazi sympatizers . 
  i am not anti-austrian . 
  i actually feel we have more in common then with croats or maygars or italians . 
  in ljubljana for example most people say ja insted of da . 
  but history is history . 
  its the same with trieste which is now italian and used to be slovenian , probably would be if we werent communists . 
  when austria became austro-hungary , the germanization also became stronger . 
  slovenes held special camps where they would talk slovene and encouraged slovene culture , identity . 
  in my area there was the biggest one where 30000 people came . 
  soon they were prohibited because too many people came and austrians were scared . 
  i dont know why austria wasnt punished for 2 . world war like germans . 
  the border should be at klagenfurt ( which was quite slovenian back then ) . 
  dont do this shit . 
  austro-hungary was not the most liberal place for minorities . 
  germanization was more prevelant and stronger . 
  stop with the bullshit , and revisionism . 
  your kinda brainwashed . 
  austro-hungary wasnt a place where every culture got celebrated.most were repressed . 
  dont talk shit m8 . 
  lol . 
  the classic english arrogance ... 
  austrians just performed 1000 years of germanization in this region ... 
  lol ... yea the alt-right is the boogeyman . 
  it sounds scary ... 
  i know how revolutions pan out ... 
  if you are not russian you got ta be american so , howdy partner !, 
  oh you are russian . 
  zdrastvuj tavarish !, 
  why are you so mad ? 
  lol this guy think that britain could defend themselves without nato against whole eu army . 
  they been sipping some delusion in your tea boy ... 
  sweet sweet child so naive ... 
  lets bury the hatchet and just admit we are better ... there is no need to go your ( balkan ) way ... 
  look i am gon na be the grown up here and say we are better then you . 
  deal with it ... 
  just admit we are a little bit better ... 
  why are croats always so jelly ... 
  but in this case its the truth ... 
  nope, 
  no cause i know leftist polish people ... 
  i know you secreatly wish that this would be played v beograjskih diskotekah . 
  there would be no turbofolk . 
  only shitty country like music from [ slovenia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcmpcb6zvtm ) . 
  yea but mostly serbs in yugoslavia bre . 
  you should just let us run yugoslavia ... 
  ay sadly there will be no united slavic state . 
  thanks to some serbs and some russians ... 
  talking about nationalist , how is serbia doing m8 ... 
  no but some muslims i have spoken too ( not on reddit ) think all polish people are racists , i dunno why ... you are generalizing around 300 m people and then try to spin it that the other guy is racist . 
  its surreal ... jews are and were mostly welcomed , they often seeked refuge in ee . 
  there are plenty of lefties here , i dunno what you on about . 
  i dont belive you when you say you live in ee . 
  sorry but you seem to hate everything about ee . 
  your posts on poland show that very well . 
  its surreal i was talking to khazak yesterday who said he didnt like poland . 
  russian propaganda maybe ? 
  i dunno racism against polish people is well and alive i guess . 
  can i ask are you muslim by any chance ? 
  lol eastern mentality . 
  what is this shit m8 ? 
  tea must have melted your brains ... 
  i would love to see statistic about what too much tea and driving on a left can do to you . 
  might explain soo much chavs in britain ... edit : look at his post history . 
  he is obviously discriminatory toward poles and other eastern europans . 
  its funny actually he thinks he some good guy because he stands up for `` brown people '' while doing the same thing he preaches is racist towards poles . 
  what is ee here ? 
  cause its the germans who burn them , or are they too eastern for you ? 
  you should hear what muslims got to say on homosexuals ... 
  i am sure you gon na support burning of refugee camps afterwards ... 
   nobody wants to leave home . 
  lol go back to sleep . 
   no event ever has lead to a full , 100 % migration of a population out of its home region , his is n't how humanity works . 
  o so hungarian population is still living near volga ... interesting, 
  but he got us . 
  britain has more violent crimes and electricly cost is higher = europe sucks ... 
  lol . 
  oh may did i have a good laugh reading this . 
   we had all of this shit before , we discussed it before , and the result is always the same i think serbs and bosniaks were easily integrated , i dunno how will it be for sryians and other guys ... 
   and this is very i already ca n't take you seriously anymore . 
  what a pathetic scaremongering bogus argument . 
  if you have n't noticed , number of refugees went down a shitload in 2016 , we already had the peak . 
  your `` hudnreds ofmillions '' are in the order of two million , which is exactly comparable to the yugoslavia crisis . 
  lol . 
  such a naive thinking . 
  how do you know we already had the peak ? 
  turks could opean their border , balkan route starts again and you gon na see million people by december . 
  secondly yugoslavia is a region with 25mil tops . 
  nowdays refugees come from almost all middle east . 
  we are probably talking 200mil ... 
   24 million is not exactly small quantity .
