  the worst were the young brainwashed ss officers in their twenties . 
  those were cruel as fuck ... 
  they were used as a buffer zone against turks ... 
  well , lets go to formalize the fine ... or something like that ... i a dont think its russian ... 
   our values work because they 're untoucheable and eternal . 
  our regard for human rights is n't optional . 
  it 's the baseline on which we will always operate . 
  lol . 
  in real world things like human rights are fairy tales from the rich when they try to put themselves in the conditon of the poor . 
  why do you think germans value them more then anything ? 
  because allies made sure nazi germany would never rise again . 
  what europe should do is become a fortress europa . 
  syrian refugees can come in while any iligal migrants should be deported . 
  yugoslavia was to much in serbian control for my liking ... and besides we were too rich for yugoslavia anyway ... 
  exectly , its not like asylum seekers interact with people in refugee camps . 
  they cant possibly know who is more radical and so on . 
  i can see its very similar to our stereotype of americans speaking slovenian . 
  lol greedy americans , that is some top stuff soviet propaganda  . 
  stereotypical for example this is for slovenian : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_hsgphrndd0 - when trump starts talking . 
  can i also say your english is crazy good for a russian  . 
  when i usually say to russians gavarite vi pa-angliski , i usually get answer called njet . 
  is there a western accent in russian ? 
  like for example mimicking how an american may talk russian ... 
  lol, 
  i think it can be defined as a genocide . 
  this was not just communist government incompetence ... 
  i never said tunisia ...  if you see that as a stretch ( which it is ) , why are n't you seeing your own hypocrisy , mentioning tunisia not because tunisians would be obliged to accept them , but because it would be convenient for the eu ? 
  you could say the same about italy . 
  sry i am too young ... is that some kind of song where killing is encouraged ? 
  or something ... 
  m8 i agree ante paveli\u0107 is a war criminal and a dog , but calling everybody who didnt agree with communists , nazis and killing them off is kinda also wrong ... 
   well , actually less than that since you 're eu and they are n't ) lol cmon . 
  i know orban is bad but you dont have to turn to this swj , communist world for everyone bullshit ... 
  no but the statement kinda stands . 
  tito often killed civilians who didnt agree with state policys ... 
  lol, 
  lol they have zero , while italy has all ? 
   from 1991 to 1994 , tens of thousands of people of non-chechen ethnicity left the republic amidst reports of violence and discrimination against the non-chechen population ( mostly russians , ukrainians and armenians ) . 
   chechen industry began to fail as a result of many russian engineers and workers leaving or being expelled from the republic combined with the soviet era 's crippling of the non-russian/armenian/ukrainian populace ( chechens , some ingush and nogais , jews ) through russian-only schooling , heavy discrimination in the public sector of the workforce , and other similar measures ( even as late as 1989 , checheno-ingushetia was ruled by a bureaucracy of ethnic russians ) . 
   opposition to dudayev came mainly due to his domestic policy and personality : he once notoriously claimed that russia intended to destabilize his nation by `` artificially creating earthquakes '' in georgia and armenia . 
  ofc the russians made them turn to radicalisation , like all the racist are turning middle east to a homophobic , sexist shithole . 
  this is like blaming western power imperialisem for isis . 
  some responsibility from the people of those countries would be great . 
  the fact is chechen lands would become isis before they real isis came . 
  no russian wants chechens in their country , but without russias intervention , we would be talking a safe-heaven for terrorists . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vojvodina#/media/file:serbia_vojka_from_southwest_img_9207.jpg tell me this land isnt shit . 
  stop with the yugo-balkan shit gastarbeiter ... 
  its a shit land . 
  deal with it . 
  accept it . 
  start acting like an adult . 
  stop with this stupid bavarian ex - yugo bumbo-jumbo cmon . 
  your whole life is a stereotype ... 
  i mean internet is a place where extrimist share their views with other like-minded people and create a bubble . 
  the donald , full communism ... 
  i dont know what the word alt-right mean but is n't this term used just since 2016 ? 
  sea border was never determinated after the fall of yugoslavia . 
  we are all just barking what is whose . 
  piranski zaliv was de-facto and de-jure in slovenian control doe . 
  like i said pettiness and jealousy , the balkan way . 
  now tell me a story how you gradfather died defending that strip of the sea . 
  none of my comments got deleted . 
  lol serbian land is a shitshow . 
  its how balkan guys always fall for the bait . 
  lol enjoy your day goran \u017eiviubavar\u0107i\u0107 . 
  quite te contrary , but i can argue with usta\u0161i all day . 
  yea its good m8 . 
  this goes way into the past son  evidence indicates that kurdish provinces in turkey are deliberately and consistently underdeveloped . 
  from 1968 to 1975 , 10.7 billion lira were invested in east anatolia and the southeast , areas densely populated by kurds . 
  this represents 2.4 percent of national investment compared to 31.1 percent in marmara , 20.8 percent in the agean region and 16.4 percent in the mediterranean area . 
  national per capita investment was 266 lira in 1970 , but only 148 provinces . 
   in many occasions it has been witnessed that the central governments do not invest in minority populated regions due to `` lack of security '' but the real reason is lack of interest . 
  there is not a single descent factory or industrial complex in kurdish region of iran , turkey , syria and iraq , an area the size of france that employs skilled workers . 
  even the oil industry does not hire local people and the revenue from oil reserves in the kurdish area has not profited the indigenous people . 
  statistically speaking out of the nine turkish provinces where less than one-third of the potential workforce had jobs last year , eight were in the kurdish region according to turkish government figures . 
  average incomes in the region 's 13 provinces ranged between one-third and two - thirds of the national figure , and unemployment rate is up to 19.1 % in the kurdish regions according to turkey 's official statistics , that is if the figures are not deflated . 
  the condition is even worse in syria and iran according to regional human rights resources ; official records are not available . 
  the turkish war on kurds has so far amounted to more than $ 300 billion since 1984 according to turkish government estimates , which in today 's turkish economy this is an enormous amount of resources , that has resulted in a wounded nation and rising national unemployment rate of an average 14.5 % as of april 2010 , again according to the government estimates4 , sources believe a much higher figure . 
  the kurdish southeast was largely excluded from a turkish boom that saw output per capita more than double to about $ 8,500 since erdogan 's party won power in november 2002 , while the benchmark ise-100 stock index surged fivefold . 
  turkish goverment deliberetly lets kurdish areas to decay . 
  maybe you can sympathize with kurd , is a story very similar to estonia in cccp . 
  ofc bombings should be denounced . 
  yea , its about the acess to international waters , and their pettiness is not leting them give us 2 km of the sea . 
  if you dont know , now you know ... 
  they do my son . 
   eu talibans i am not sure , i follow that . 
  how is eu a taliban organisation ? 
  i dont care for ego , its egoistical to not look after your fellow countrymen ... 
  border dispute ? 
  probably the best turkish town there is . 
  what about slovenia and croatia ? 
   i 'm having a damn fine lige so i do n't need more money . 
  ah the classic egoist . 
  cool !, 
  it will . 
  serbia is land of the poor , the want the eu funds ... 
  they are yet to exit . 
  nothing happend as of now , my country has 2,7 gdp growth . 
  all eu is doing good at the moment . 
  unemployment is down .
