  called and did are different words . 
  kemal admired europe and europe admired kemal . 
  he showed that turkey and turkish people have a lot of commen beliefs and culture with europeans and that they want progressive and democratic country . 
  ofc all judges were gulenist conspirators . 
  so what ? 
  cant muslim people be good ? 
  cant religous people be good ? 
   he fought his whole life against the likes of you . 
  he fought his whole life for secularism . 
  maybe in your fantasy erdogan and ataturk would get along ... 
  there is no need to hate on slovenia because we havent done anything horrible and wrong ... 
  but but evil west ... 
  they are basicly clones . 
  turkey has done shit for the refugees m8 . 
  as do turks . 
  turkey should never join eu . 
  secular country my ass . 
  mustafa kemal must be turning in his grave ... 
  yea we get it , israel does horrible stuff . 
  nope , but every slavic country has some rusophils . 
  living in slovenia is very similar to what it is to live in austria ... 
  lol it sure seems like you never been to slovenia m8 . 
  we the switzerland of balkans . 
  the thing which is hard for you to understand is that all men are not good . 
  you truly seem naive , it seems to me that you belive all people will just get along with a little talking and apologizing ... 
  there is no local isis man that is the thing . 
  i mean when was the last time there was islamic terrorist attack in eastern europe ? 
  with eu or without eu , slovenia is not a terrorist target . 
  it would be awesome . 
  it was very interesting here in yugoslavia . 
  you would have mandatory at least one year in the army . 
  slovenians mostly were never stationed in slovenia . 
  so for example a conscript from poland would serve in portugal ... btw si ti slovenec ? 
  yes 2 . 
  yes 5 . 
  yes 6 . i can speak russian . 
  m8 if mustfa would be still alive there would be no refugees from syria . 
  look at my comments [ m8 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4si9yz/putins_threats_to_the_baltics_a_myth_to_promote/d59vzw1?context=3 ) . 
  do i sound like a putin-bot ? 
  and what about sexism and having something about immigrants ? 
  did you pull that out of your ass like this putin shit ? 
  what in there shows my support for putin ? 
   russia has shown how their geopolitical interest play out in ukraine and georgia . 
  sadly usa has done the same with iraq and afganistan . 
  to keep putin at bay should be european interest doe . 
  this and  russian aggression is what i said to the questions about what european interests should be and what is destroying ukraine . 
  but i guess that doesnt go with your your made up story . 
  sudenly i am a putin supporter . 
  m8 all what i was trying to say with that post is to explain why lots of russian people support putin . 
  but cmon man you dont actually belive this coup was legit . 
  you are not that naive ... 
  there is no freedom of press in turkey . 
  and the coup will never be questioned in turkey . 
  9/11 was questioned multiple times and it proved that conspiracy nutjobs were wrong . 
  there will be no gas chambers m8 . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2013/jun/09/turkey-mainstream-media-penguins-protests cnn turk editors are heavly under erdogan influence . 
  remember its the same news outlet that got him on face time . 
  but i am more interested in your post history . 
  are you some kind of secret erdogan supporter ? 
  its reported by cnn because the official said so ... 
  its the only solution . 
  mustafa kemal would have wanted that . 
  or maybe dress them as tourist and drop them off in antalya . 
  i mean the official would be smart to lie here . 
  we can what we are doing right now and put them into refugee camps . 
  and why would we gas them when we could in extream condition just return them to turkey . 
   open up the gas chambers lol you are really overreacting . 
  the same polls who often reported their pollers got in prison because of saying that akp might get less votes then last time . 
  sorry if i dont belive them 100 % . 
  i wonder if there is slovenia in it . 
  that is a lie . 
  the country is very divided , you are overstating his support . 
  and as you said why introduce authoritarian policies slowly ehen you can get rid of all of judgical system in one day and no1 bats an eye . 
  its not about support it about making an excuse for makeing state more authotorian . 
  there are no proofs putin did that as there are no proof erdogan did that . 
  small branch of military suddenly attack strategic positions and leave to erdogan use a speech he used when he got first elected . 
  ( people and minorets are my army ) the blame is put on some turk living in america and general who has been dissmised long ago . 
  cmon dont cherry pick . 
  putin is quilty while erdogan isnt ... ? 
  as much evidence i have for https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_apartment_bombings but you still know putin did it . 
  its obviously staged by erdogan ... 
  it was staged . 
  russian aggression ? 
  russia has shown how their geopolitical interest play out in ukraine and georgia . 
  sadly usa has done the same with iraq and afganistan . 
  to keep putin at bay should be european interest doe . 
  most russians like putin . 
  / u/itscalledunicode back at it again with the russian propaganda . 
   slovakia why you do this ? 
  there are probably more police deaths in munchen than in slovenia . 
  lol, 
  i mean is this supposed to be shitting on slovenia ? 
  janez is probably the coolest name a man can have . 
  and stupid hats are fucking awesome . 
  ps : kosovo is 100 % albanian clay . 
  you hate us cause you anus ... 
  almost nothing about how much better we are then our neighbours . 
  disappointing . 
  lol the british arrogance . 
  guys the victoria era is over .
