  nemore si pomagat . 
  lol . 
  that i do believe !, 
  lol , you cant even speak russian m8 . 
  i will gladly tell them you are a western spy !, 
  i always agree with that guy !, 
  emigration is now moving to south europe . 
  with its high unemployment rates . 
  they say 200k italians move every year . 
  lol , you dont get it ... 
  really doe , young educated people use reddit ... 
  yea it 's pretty left-wing ... 
  the more of them , the better !, 
  vienna is where most afghan and turks go , but still 80 % of immigrants are european . 
  yes you got lots of serbs , bosnians , slovakians , romanians , croatians , slovenians ... 
  most of your immigration is from europe ... 
  kinda naive view but ok ... 
  depends on what part of eu are you talking about ? 
  france , germany , sweden , netherlands , belgium . 
  those are the countries where what you propose might happen . 
  there are 320 mil europeans living outside of those countries ... for example 60 % of usa are white people arent people like you concerned about that ? 
  91 % of germany are europeans . 
  86 % of france are europeans . 
  85 % of netherlands are europeans . 
  90 % of belgium are europeans . 
  84 % of sweden are europeans . 
  countries with big colonial empires like holland and france ofc have more . 
   i 'm probably somewhat a cosmopolitan . 
  forgive me but its sounds like a phase , 
  so you are of russian ethnicity , slavic ...  i think that it 's essential to identify with and feel unity with a group of people based on ancestry and traditions to be of that ethnicity you dont feel russian ? 
  8668400 vs 80 % of 5300000 . 
  so you choose to be none but what would it be if you would not ? 
  i dont think only 1.3, 
  what ethnicity are you ? 
  can you stop with the westerners bla bla bla . 
  its so boring , i know i know usa dominated your country ... west is bad and so on ... 
  oh , you are that african-indian guy from argentina . 
  now i remember ... 
  sure , buddy sure ... 
  this for real ? 
  i never got insulted for defending someone but ok , 
   inner aryan circle little projection ja ? 
  poor girls , what kind of monsters can do such things ... 
  gods work ... 
  balkany , what have expected from a man whose surname is derived from one of the most corrupted places in europe ... 
  zelo-very zlo means evil but its also how my region says `` zelo '' . 
  translation would go like this : they must have some of their own activists , remember germany is very conservative . 
  jelin\u010di\u010d maybe ... 
  the party they are in is pure cancer ... 
  i mean it was all a joke ... 
  aleykum atat\u00fcrkum as we say here in turkey , may your harvest of kebab be good this year . 
  well for once we have better telecom providers , turkmobil is a disgrace ... allah is my lad , ik ... 
  i am not interested in relevance of my country , but in the quality of life we have . 
  allahu salam , my turkish friend ... 
  it captured turks in all their glory ... 
  but why is their fertility rate , still so low ? 
  atleast you still got ads for [ turkmobil ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wj1xlqufejc ), 
   on the whole , we have no reason to believe that refugees pose a security concern wishful thinking ... the naive assumption that every refugee is a friendly worker that cant get angry because he is in a camp all day is laughable . .  how about you ? 
  how many foreigners are worth one of your nation 's lives ? 
  my nations lives ; zero european lives ; zero, 
  exectly , schengen borders should be shut down ... accept refugees from syria and deport any other illegal immigrants . 
  people are overreacting like crazy over trump . 
  where is this meme from ? 
   plenty of north africans here in the netherlands with similar and not-so similar things . 
   someone who lives in mena bre , nijem to isto . . pitam te kako se \u017eivi u bosni , a ti \u017eivi\u0161 na nizozemskem ... 
   plenty of north africans here in the netherlands with similar and not-so similar things so you basicly made an ask an immigrant subreddit ... 
  then i also apologize . 
  italians and slovenians should be friends ... 
  i am sure italy will be prosperus . 
  we should all cheer for europe , together we can better ourselves ... 
  god bless , 
  but village is not a village without the accordion ... 
   summer is a special season in the austrian countryside and you have a lot of kirtage/volksfeste even in small towns . 
  they are like mini-oktoberfests with one or two tents and a few rides . 
  they usually last one weekend , and over the summer there 's always one happening within a 50km/30mile radius , always in different towns like in our country . 
  we drink one week in this town and the next in the other !, 
  accordion !, 
  dont you have some festivities on the villages ? 
  where [ accordion ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7gfnagyes8 ) is playing and the alcohol is flowing ? 
   not amsterdam , because i do n't feel safe there in general , is this normal ? 
  you did quite a lot of bad things though ... 
  dw - deutsche welle, 
  kinda interesting that a bosnian is running a askmena ... 
   well yeah , your country is such a gem that nobody can be bothered to go there . 
  on the other hand we 're such a shithole that we get more tourists in a couple of months in a medium-sized city than slovenia in a year and half this is gon na kill you but 443,239 of your countrymen visited last year . 
  as i said my grandfather is italian , my family originates near the border but you are the one italian i would never want to take into my house . 
  you are an douche , its not my fault you cant run your country properly ... this dick mesuring competition about relevance just reek insecurity ... 
   i could compare you with rome or milan ( roughly 2 millions people cities ) , or even bologna and venice and the argument would be still the same . 
  not even comparable , stick to the sauce ...  the world sees us . 
  nobody has ever been bothered to look at slovenia other than a piece of land to add to your country . 
  you act like being seen as a boozo is something world renowned . 
  i dont crave some childish attention for my country . 
  i would quite like it , if it would stay hidden gem . 
  besides its all about growth , something grandfathers country lacks ... 
  oh i thought you ment modern history . 
  for 20th century better examples would be england , france , netherlands ... 
  from russia , usa to china ... 
   their entire culture and history is based on `` liberations '' and stealing from other cultures i think you could say this for most bigger nations ... 
  oh cmon , you are being too mean ... 
   use recent ones maybe huh : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/slovenia/unemployment-rate http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/unemployment-rate those were the stats from eu - statistic agency ...  except that our language is the direct evolution of latin , our borders are the same of the old roman italic region , we eat similar food , travel the same road built by them , live in the same cities with the same names , etc. . . sure sure , julius ...  okay but how much has the slovenian economy grown in the past 70 years ?
