  for my country its kinda different . 
  look 4 % of my country is muslim , mostly bosniaks and albanians who are integrated very good . 
  we have not had an major incident since the 1991 or the so called 10day-war . 
  with amount of isis members joining refugee ranks and coming to germany , more terrorist attacks are undeniable . 
  the same goes for france , belgium and sweden . 
  any country with big non-european muslim communities are expected to have terrorist attacks . 
  as for fatal crashes , maybe you can use that point to make yourself feel more safe . 
  there is no point of playing the swj card on me , i was in germany 2weeks ago . 
  i havent seen no groping or raping , but threat of terrorism is undeniable . 
  i feel like you are not livng in your own country but in a enclave where every thing is good and will be good . 
  its simply not real . 
  they should expect terrorist attacks thou . 
  cancer . 
  its crazy . 
  what ? 
  we basically made you its ok . 
  my son , there are 504 mil europeans living in eu . 
  i mean point can be made that white europeans will lose their majority in a country like us but for europe to turn islamic ? 
  lol, 
  albanian muslims are often heavy drinkers aka culturally muslim . 
   mother jones tracked and mapped shooting sprees over the three decades from 1982 to may of last year . 
  they counted `` at least 61 mass murders carried out with firearms across the country , with the killings unfolding in 30 states from massachusetts to hawaii , '' they found . 
   a congressional research service report published in 2013 counted 78 incidents over roughly the same period , in which 547 were killed . 
  definitions of mass shootings vary . 
  the report excludes those for whom terrorist ideology or criminal profit was a motivation . 
  the mother jones staff limited themselves to indiscriminate killings of at least four people in public places by lone shooters . 
   while us has 5 % of the world 's population , it sees about 31 % of public mass shootings  the 90 us mass shootings are nearly one-third of the 292 such attacks globally for that period . 
  while the united states has 5 % of the world 's population , it had 31 % of all public mass shootings . 
  `` people have been a little surprised by these statistics , '' said adam lankford , an associate professor of criminal justice at the university of alabama , who did the analysis . 
  lankford presented his work at the american sociological association 's annual conference last year and said it 's the first research of its kind to do a global comparison . 
   in the united states , people have a greater chance of dying in mass shootings if they 're at work or at school . 
  overseas , these incidents typically happen near military installations . 
  in more than half the american cases , the shooter had more than one firearm . 
  in global incidents , the shooter typically had only one gun . 
  and in the united states , there are 6.87 victims on average per incident . 
  in the other 171 countries lankford studied , the average was 8.8 victims per incident . 
  source : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26822013, 
  then we can not compare . 
  usa is worse . 
  do school shotings count ? 
  i dont get it , who hates us ? 
  i dont think it is . 
  but city of izmir could defiently be european ... 
  look i come from the country of 2 mil . 
  there are around 500 thousand americans with slovenian roots . 
  like i said before , i would assist you and take great interest in you if you had slovenian ancestry , simply because there are only 500 thousand of you . 
  lol , why do people like you exist ? 
  if he is slovenian , i am gon na take great interest in him . 
  we are a country of 2 mil after all . 
  the funniest thing was when he tried to diss my country but often got it confused with slovakia . 
  lol . 
  you dirty bastard !, 
  its not that bad doe , germany is still 80 % german while germany with european ( without turkey ) immigrants make 92 % of population ... 
  slovenian,english,serbo-croat , russian and german . 
  i would say my german is the worst even doe i studied it for 8 years . 
  i was expecting 5 minut nazad ... 
  lol, 
  sure . 
  neki je kultura , protestantska in kapitalisti\u010dna . 
  just because we had 2-3 good companys that doesnt mean shit . 
  you mean like slovenia made somekind of terrorist act on yugoslavia , or how germans were behind it all . 
  cmon man ... 
  its lie . 
   we used to produse our own explosives , our own leder , our own automobiles , our own trains ... where is this now ? 
  most of this was subpar and shit ... 
  m8 dont play tupid on me ... 
  lol you wish m8 . 
  it was probably the smartest idea that ever occured in the world . 
  yugoslavia was nothing for good for slovenia . 
  our industry was old and very polluting . 
  we could play this game only till the debt fills up . 
  ofc , our industry was backward and non-competitive because we knew we would always have a market ... 
  if any of you stupid shits would take time and study why euro is good for us it would be beautiful . 
   more choice and stable prices for consumers and citizens  greater security and more opportunities for businesses and markets  improved economic stability and growth  more integrated financial markets  a stronger presence for the eu in the global economy  a tangible sign of a european identity, 
  no i am not   tupid < < you are just a conspiracy nut . 
  self-hating slavs is becoming a trend , thx god not in my country ... 
  slovenia is not a country you think it is . 
  most companies were keept under state control so rapid privatization and destruction of industry would not happen . 
  its the same with communists . 
  they are just young people with no-seanse of reality . 
  people from denmark are smug as fuck . 
  germany is our biggest trading partner , eu and euro is good for us . 
  as long as germanys economy is stable , ours is too . 
  this guy is a serbian immigrant and a dirty dog who is deluded beyond comprehension . 
  he is lying like a dog lol ... 
  i feel like western nations often vastly underestimated what they get from eu . 
  i feel like britain leaving eu will only reinforce eu sentiment , as britain will get `` punished '' for leaving . 
  people also forget nazis threatened violently people to join the domobranci , many of the captured partizans even . 
  its well known in balkan . 
  for example leaders of yugoslavia supported joining axis pact , but the people went to the streets protesting it loudly . 
  so hitler attacked yugoslavia with help of hungarian and italian forces . 
  / r/kontaktnicenterhater, 
  m8 lying can only get you so far son . 
  go to bed , you are tired . 
  spewing bunch of nonsense is so overrated . 
  aha slovenization of russians !, 
  putin pls !, 
  lol you live in a fantasy world where slovenia is a oil country . 
  it 's obvious you dont know shit about economy . 
  m8 reading marx can only take you this far .
