  the population of maroccons and turks alone went up by 220k in the last decade . 
  ethnic dutch only 140k . 
  non-western background jumped by 600k in the last decade . 
  it 's actually 6 % of the population or 1mil people . 
  around 20 % of amsterdam is muslim . 
  about islamization of netherlands , about badly integrated immigrants . 
  about double standards we have in this things . 
  its kinda justified i am saying . 
  its very different culture . 
  so % of muslims did n't went up in last 10 years ? 
  banning mosques would not be that bad , before mosques in denmark muslims were much less fundamentalistic . 
  only let them have small prayer houses . 
  geert wilders is right . 
  wow wait till you see what values from middle east looks like . 
  lashing on eastern europeans because refugees raped a women is laughable at best . 
  islamophobia does n't exist . 
  which i think its a great policy in my opinion without affecting visas already in effect . 
  denmark can deny anyone entry if they are not at life danger . 
  sounds like an ok policy when you actually read about it . 
  you are full of shit as always . 
   greek government happily found out that financing budget deficit in a single currency area became much easier . 
  the motivation to reduce the deficit and public debt has disappeared - why would you do anything , while your government bonds fly away like hot cakes ? 
  latin american problem of chronic budget deficits , debt and devaluation had been solved by the euro partners . 
  and it was possible to focus on the enjoyable - economic populism ( in the latin america it is always limited by the lack of finance ) . 
  until 2010 , greece had even more socialism than ussr . 
  the government provided free higher education , scholarships and free meals for students ( some of them were 40 years old ) . 
  until 2010 , civil servants received 14 salaries a year . 
  keep in mind all sorts of bonuses , social allowances and additional payments for a variety of things : coming to work on time ( despite the fact that most state-owned companies closed at 14:00 ) , knowledge a foreign languages , ability to work with pc or even for working outdoors . 
  in the pivate sector , employer could not fire more than 2 % of workers each year , and it was almost impossible to fire a state employee . 
  public sector took 40 % of the economy : railways , air traffic , forestry , numerous state committees ( for example , there was a committee of lake kopais , which dried up in 1930s ) - they all were state-owned . 
  the power of trade unions , including public servants , was monstrous . 
  the discontent of workers always caused massive protests ( the position of anarchists and communists in a country is traditionally strong ) . 
  striking greeks in the 2010s were a reaction to the crisis , but from 1980 to 2008 there was a record number of nationwide strikes ( 38 of 85 cases in all countries of western europe ) . 
  at the same time , all state-owned companies remain unprofitable . 
  greek railways ( ose ) accumulated $ 10 billion debt and bring $ 2,3 million loss daily . 
  annual revenues of the ose is about $ 100 million , and the annual cost of the payment of debts and wages to 7000 employees on two tiny branch lines ( the average salary - $ 60 thousand per year ) - more than $ 950 million . 
  mountain trains in greece usually go empty , but their drivers recieve $ 100 thousands per year . 
  trade union protests do not allow privatisation of ose . 
  another example - the former state airline olympic airlines . 
  trade unions have been blocking the privatisation of loss-making company , but have managed to get themselves and their families free tickets to anywhere in the world . 
  in 2009 , the company was sold for $ 177 million with the proviso that greek government will cover the billion-dollar debt . 
  4500 fired workers recieved about $ 1 billion for compensation , providing new employment , pensions and insurance . 
  pensioners did n't have any troubles as well . 
  in 2009 , 250 thousands people ( ~ 10 % ) recieved more than $ 1,400 per month . 
  in the public sector , 8 % of employees were leaving for retirement in the age of 50 years ( some of them - in 26 years ) , 24 % - in 51-55 years and 44 % - in 56-61 years . 
  some exotic groups of citizen , such as unmarried or divorced daughters of deceased civil cervants , also had a right to recieve pensions - 40 thousands women spent $ 550 million per year . 
  communism in debt pushed greeks to live a beautiful life . 
  in the mid-2000s , according to a greek newspaper kathemerini , the country became the largest purchaser of cars porsche cayenne per capita in the world , athens marina competed in a number of yachts with monaco , more than 50 % of greek babies were born in private hospitals , where the cost of labor is often exceeded $ 10 thousands . 
  $ 9 billion was spent on the summer olympics in 2004 and the accompanying infrastructure megaprojects , which were left to rot after . 
  greece had very good welfare state but tax evasion was rampant . 
  that is what happens with populist socialists politicians . 
  they lived on debt not on tax money . 
  text in case of paywall :  despite its vote to leave the european union , plenty of europeans still seem keen to move to britain : in eastern european cities such as kiev and chisinau leaflets promising `` english visas '' still flutter . 
  marion , a lawyer who recently moved to london from paris , says that brexit barely featured in her decision . 
  `` i guess that emotionally i still find brexit hard to believe . '' britain 's government , however , is busy thinking of ways to keep them out . 
   since june 's referendum result , many have wondered anxiously whether britain will remain part of the eu 's single market after brexit . 
  the pound tumbled when theresa may , the prime minister , said that she planned to leave it . 
  people have worried less , however , about the economic impact of the government 's post-brexit immigration policy . 
  this is strange : the impact of slashing the number of foreigners allowed into britain could be as serious as anything that could happen to trade . 
   in the year to september net migration ( immigration minus emigration ) was under 300,000 , split about evenly between eu and non-eu folk . 
  it has been high by historical standards ( see chart ) since the mid-2000s , when citizens from new , poorer eu members acquired the right to move to britain . 
   despite the continuing influx , net migration into britain is hardly out of control , at least compared with other rich countries . 
  on average annually it amounts to about three times the attendance at a manchester united football match . 
  compared with their population , ireland , australia and canada see far more new arrivals . 
   but british concern about immigration has little to do with raw numbers . 
  even in 1995 , when net migration was well under 100,000 , two-thirds of britons wanted it cut . 
  no reference to immigration appeared on the ballot paper , but politicians believe that the brexit vote represented a desire to `` take back control '' of the country 's borders . 
  since then mrs may and amber rudd , the home secretary , have repeated a long-standing commitment to cut annual net migration to the `` tens of thousands '' . 
   that will be no easy task . 
  the government will have to count on about 50,000 britons continuing to quit the country each year . 
  if settling in europe becomes harder for britons after brexit , that may not happen . 
  even if the rules are changed , the number of non-britons settling each year , minus the number leaving , would have to fall to around 150,000 . 
   net migration of family members and refugees is around 70,000 . 
  on february 22nd the government largely prevailed in a case in the supreme court , allowing it to set tough income requirements on those who want a loved one to join them . 
  the ruling 's wording , however , implies that tightening these rules further will be tricky . 
  meanwhile , reducing immigration by unskilled workers from outside the eu is difficult since it is almost non-existent , says jonathan portes of king 's college london . 
   about half of the eu nationals emigrating to britain move into less-skilled jobs . 
  cutting that sort might reduce net migration by eu workers to 50,000 ( a slowing economy is already helping ) . 
  halving net migration of foreign students , say by restricting the growth of universities ( though that would hamper a lucrative industry ) , might reduce it to 50,000 . 
  but that might still leave total net migration at around 150,000 . 
  if the government is serious about hitting its tens-of-thousands target , it may have to restrict skilled migration . 
   that would sit oddly alongside its recent white paper on brexit , which promised to `` encourage the brightest and the best to come to this country '' . 
  and it would weaken mrs may 's negotiating hand . 
  in 2015 combined net migration from america and india was about 30,000 . 
  cutting that would be awkward for the prime minister , who is desperate to strike post-brexit trade deals with both . 
   how would the economy cope if the tens-of-thousands target were reached ? 
  firms reliant on foreigners are worried . 
  food manufacturers are vulnerable : 40 % of such workers are non-british . 
  skilled industries would also suffer : a quarter of scientific researchers are foreign-born . 
   it may be for that reason that david davis , the brexit secretary , this week hinted that britain is not about to shut the door even on unskilled eu migrants . 
  other brexiteers , however , counter that ending the supply of cheap workers would shake up britain 's business model for the better . 
  firms would invest in labour-saving technology , boosting britain 's low productivity . 
  one study of american tomato-growers finds some evidence to support this thesis . 
  if productivity rose , those workers left behind might see higher wages . 
  britons might also see less competition for jobs . 
   but these effects are likely to be small . 
  if the benefits of investing in technology were so great , bosses should have already done so . 
  and many jobs -- such as care work -- are not easily performed by robots . 
  in these industries , many firms will either become less profitable or go under . 
   few economists see lower immigration leading to a wage bonanza for locals .
