  the main dish is usually licking the pavement . 
  i hate communist food and color of red . 
  i hate cars that are made in middle east . 
  i feel like you are just repeating a fact with ? 
  now . 
  ofc he can be but you are more sure if he is christian with good christian values on what denmark and france are bulit on . 
  i do n't think people hate with unexplainable reasons . 
  yes , christian means he is a good guy . 
  also french . 
  can i choose german socialists ? 
  ok can i choose socialists then . 
  thats cool . 
  he is bad but atleast he is a christian . 
  i do but do only jews have a reason not to like nazis ? 
  communists . 
  in what way ? 
  we want liberal turkey not this mess that is currently under erdogan . 
  kemalists should run turkey . 
  yep , now you bible having , gun owning , truck driving and happy meal eating yank can fuck off . 
  right . 
  yes and even maybe too much . 
  these people are european muslims . 
  they are secular and have lived with christian europeans for centuries . 
  bosniak-great people , very kind , do most of low paying jobs in slovenia albanians-a little more problematic , own bakerys and sell ice cream tatars-i never met one, 
  hey how much of the youth in germany is muslim and foreing backround ? 
  wine , croats , illegal immigrants, 
  denmark is a great right-wing country . 
  far - right is rising all around western europe and even in scandinavia . 
  buddy what i want most people in europe want . 
  you are a minority in opinion . 
  thank god !, 
   it 's really important to prevent anyone of them taking welfare . 
  preferably make it illegal for migrants to receive welfare . 
  that would be smart but we arent talking mena and turkish migrants in here . 
  germany needs high-skilled german speaking migrants with similar culture , thats is why i think its great if you guys cut migration from mena countries and only let eu migrants into your country . 
  i mean for germany it would be stupid to claim that . 
  700k eu guys move to germany every year . 
  12 % of the german youth may be muslims but eu migrants will knock that back under 10 % . 
  swedish ethnic population is static , country population is growing . 
  there arent less swedes in sweden just more other people . 
  germany needs more ethnic german babies and eu migrants that integrate very good like polish or russians or italians . 
  wow thats bad . 
  what is even worse is they do n't even consider themselves swedish . 
  i would not be suprised if mass deportation will follow once this population reaches more then 10 % . 
  what ? 
  i do n't understand who are new swedes ? 
  what democratic will ? 
  benefits ? 
  multicultural sweden ? 
  what can they do if these shits are their only allies in the middle east . 
  oil prices and islamic fundamentalistm will destroy them anyway . 
  you got the blaue eu visa ? 
  we have a very good education system that is true . 
   an underrated corner of europe tucked between italy and croatia , compact slovenia provides the best of the mountains and the beach with excellent travel opportunities to neighbouring countries . 
  slovenia in fact has a highly-rated education system considered one of the best in the eu . 
  the university of ljubljana , in the city of the same name , is considered slovenia 's main university and is one of the largest colleges in the world . 
  it was slovenia 's only university until the university of maribor opened in 1975 . 
  undoubtedly , ljubljana is one of the prettiest european cities to attend university . 
   slovenian universities usually charge american students tuition fees for undergraduate study , but similar to sweden there are plenty of opportunities to gain a free doctorate qualification . 
  apply directly to the university you wish to attend with a secondary school qualification certificate or degree certificate from a recognized university . 
  about 150 english programs are available , and often americans will need to pay a small registration fee when they enroll . 
   student accommodation is cheap in slovenia . 
  private housing starts from $ 220 per month while a university dormitory is under $ 150 . 
  a coffee is $ 1.60 and a meal in a moderately-priced restaurant not more than $ 15 . 
  why slovakia when you can choose slovenia . 
  it 's basically the same country . 
   and still , remember that the media likes to inflate everything especially when it comes to muslims i would say the opposite is true . 
  there are double standards about what you can say about christians and what you can say about muslims . 
  lots of stuff is simply sweeped under the rug . 
  interesting but there is no denying that some anti-fa groups are bankrolled by some wealthy billioners . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  what exactly are your goals ? 
  they integrate better then muslims though . 
  look at usa . 
  are you a member of your local antifa group ? 
  cause those guys are sometimes interchangeable with the people they are supossed to fight . 
  let me ask you a question . 
  you think jews would n't be hated if they didnt occupy the so called territory ? 
  ye it 's because they stolen land ( which was stolen beforehand from that ) that they are anti-semetic . 
  lol . 
  and if they didnt kill jesus , christian lords and population in middle ages would suddenly have no problem with them . 
  fn and ukip ade both far-right . 
  its kinda scary you dont see the difference between these two and n-va . 
  israel are scumbags ? 
  go through the parisian suburbs and ask them about the jews . 
  muslims have crazy anti-semitic views . 
  and being a country surrounded by them is very scary . 
  its a reasonable reaction to unimited immigration in my opinion . 
  ah we will just wait onto next elections , denmark will be conservative in no time  . 
  ye the patriotic norwegians , they sure are proud of their country . 
  islam should be ridiculed and criticized . 
  wahhabi run mosques should be shut down , goverment would control the preachers coming in via intelligence agencies . 
  maybe somewhere all mosques would be shut down . 
  muslims schools for preachers would open in the west . 
  moderate muslims would be encouraged , secular muslims would be paraded around such as kemalists . 
  there would be laws against ghettos . 
  a district cant be more than 50 % immigrant . 
  i remember arguing with the fellow because he did n't believe refugees could commit a terrorist attack . 
  i thought denmark was the most right-wing of the scandinavian countries ... 
  eh party i presume is very leftist ?
