in a potential future were everyone has left and england is independent the only thing that bothers me is losing the union flag would be tragic , if everyone leaves i hope england just says `` fuck it we 're keeping the union flag and calling it the english flag '' maybe invert the st. patrick cross the opposite direction and say the crosses represent the monarchy , the parliament and the people or even diversity or something . 
  the union flag is such a good flag aesthetically it would be a tragedy to lose it for the bland st. george flag . 
  what are your opinions on removing kebab ? 
  murdoch is mad at britain for the phone hacking scandal and wants to split the country apart as revenge . 
  where are the serbs when you need them ? 
  / thread, 
  yes , it is also worth mentioning that people hardly even vote in eu elections . 
  that 's a good name because it attracts both people who like to work and people that like to party . 
  it does matter a lot if the native indigenous population of a land gets made to be a minority in it 's own capital against the wishes of the natives . 
  the difference between you and a native is when we read about british and english history it is literally what happened to our ancestors , the reason we 're pale is because we evolved to live on this cloudy island . 
  the fact is that we never asked if we wanted to give up our native culture and become this bland , indistinct `` multicultural '' society . 
  we were perfectly happy the way we were but you and your ancestors from the 50 's onwards were brought here against the wishes of us . 
  i do n't hate you or your ancestors for wanting to come here it is perfectly understandable but do you really think a second generations somali is just as british as say this gentleman ? 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/theres-no-place-like-home-says-son-of-cheddar-man-1271817.html the insistence of the left to deny us our identity is repulsive . 
  the fact that british went from meaning a person of english , welsh and scots descent to meaning someone with a passport is tragic . 
  a racist , christian , neurotypical , fat shaming professor and member of national front was teaching a class on nigel farage , known holocaust denier . 
  '' before the class begins , you must get on your knees and worship nigel farage and accept he is the greatest hero britain has ever had . 
  even greater than churchill himself !!, 
  at this moment , a brave , homosexual , transgender labour champion who placed on the autism spectrum and understood the necessity of big government and fully supported all decisions made by tony blair stood up . 
  '' what is the difference between a group of romanians and a group of germans living next to you ? '' the arrogant professor smirked quite hitlery and smugly replied `` you know the difference , romanians statistically commit more crime . '' '' well statistically germans commit more genocide and i 'd rather have my things stolen than be genocided '' the professor was visibly shaken , and dropped his chalk and copy of mein kampf . 
  he stormed out of the room crying those nationalist crocodile tears . 
  the same tears nationalists cry for the `` dying '' white race even though they make up 8 % of the worlds population . 
  he wished so much that he could end his life via doctor assisted suicide but he himself had campaigned against it !, 
  the students applauded and all registered labour that day and accepted ed miliband as their lord and savior . 
  a pigeon named `` welfare dependency '' flew into the room and perched atop the communist flag and shed a tear on the chalk . 
  red flag was sung several times , and ed miliband himself showed up and enacted an 80 % tax on the rich . 
  the professor lost his tenure and was fired the next day . 
  he later died in prison after being rightfully arrested for hate speech . 
  she 's not swedish , that is as ridiculous as saying a white person in the united states is a native american . 
  you can try and redefine terms all you like but a dog born in a barn wo n't say nay . 
  that 's because sweden is a fairly new comer to the multiculti bandwagon . 
  have you ever been to paris or london and noticed the distinct lack of natives ? 
  only 20 years ago london was 80 % white british now it 's 45 % that is a manufactured demographic change that would make israel green with envy . 
  stupid white people not wanting to become a minority in their own indigenous homelands , do n't they even understand progress ? 
  because reddit is filled with leftists, 
  let them leave and take their bloc voting with them, 
  since you are 18 and will be able to drink legally in the uk please go to a pub at 11am and chug beers while your friends shout `` yeeeeeeeeeeeeah ! '', 
  we love that . 
  so not even european song contests are democratic ? 
  so did i , they 're only 17 and were actually really good singers . 
  we will just have totally open borders with africa to solve the situation . 
  this , i like europe but do n't see myself as a european or want to be a world superpower as a european . 
  it 's wrong and i 'm against it . 
  take your country ireland you fought for hundreds of years for independence and then to just give it all away after less than a hundred years is just insane . 
  off topic but i really like that traditional russian/ukrainian thing when women wear big crowns of flowers on their heads . 
  three years for hurting someones feelings ? 
  fuck this planet . 
  european cultures are bad and should be diluted until they are gone , cultures of the proud people of colour should be preserved because they are beautiful . 
  you think that 's bad ? 
  try walking around rome speaking latin . 
  i 'm not sure i understand fully , so france does n't want american films/tv shows included ? 
  does france currently restrict how many hollywood films they have in their cinemas ? 
  hard to imagine seeing as watching a british film is an exception not the rule in the uk . 
  does it drive these people crazy that as an english british person i see them just as much irish as people from the republic ? 
  of course there is the difference i 'll never go to northern ireland because the sectarianism scares me . 
  from sea to shining sea, 
  thank you , 
  what is the name of the red haired singer lady ? 
  why are they playing smooth criminal ? 
  it is crazy to think in 100 years europe will be as ethnically mixed as brazil, 
  the united kingdom of europe, 
  wanting someone to stay alive even though they might be miserable just so you do n't feel bad is a lot more selfish, 
  living in russia seems like a pretty bad down side to me, 
  give me a lovely french accent above all other although spanish and italian are not too shabby . 
  it amazes me that in europe if someone speaks with a different accent or something else mundane they decide they are a totally different culture and people and want to be a country when in the u.s. where their actually is a lot of cultural divide between states it 's unthinkable for one to say they do n't see them selves as american, 
  `` britain out of eu will be much better off than norway , after the royal navy has conquered the norwegian oil and gas wells in the north sea . 
  brits go on : britannia rules the waves '', 
  ireland : england jr. . france : arrogant cowards netherlands : stoners who all became fluent in english by watching kevin smith movies germany : back to back world war runner ups italy : constantly gyrating greasy perverts sweden : eurovision is their national sport spain : holiday resorts portugal : spain jr. 
  this needs to be in / r/cringe, 
  all of them except the falklands, 
  well we still have gibraltar , bermuda , cayman islands , the falklands . 
  truly the british empire is still glorious, 
  we used to own hong kong which was pretty cool . 
  muhammad was literally a nonce though this is n't even in question . 
  some muslims try to justify it by saying women age faster in the desert and hit puberty earlier because in their heart of hearts they know being a nonce is n't ok . 
  we 're suffering the results of importing muslims into our countries not free speech . 
  god i wish we would copy america 's almost religious love of free speech , it 's so fucking embarrassing hearing about people getting `` investigated '' by police because they said something mean on twitter . 
  criminalise abortion and enter the same demographic death spiral as the rest of europe . 
  sweden is ran by lunatics, 
  religion is cancer , i ca n't understand how people can believe this shit that is so clearly made up . 
  to be fair when they say the commonwealth they 're almost certainly thinking of the british diaspora nations like canada , australia , nz , white south africans not pakistan , nigeria etc. 
  which makes sense because they 're culturally similar as they 're country literally settled by british people . 
  now they just need to make laws against suicide bombing and we should be sound . 
  well not really as they literally ghettoise themselves and wait to die in nice weather , there is a big difference between a 70 year old going to spend their last years in the sun and a 20 year old going to start their life there . 
  old people that have retired in the sun and uni students doing a gap year is not really the same . 
  twats, 
  i bought a new white shirt and spilled tea down it , this is america 's fault . 
  oh my god you 're sick we ca n't 100 % prevent terrorism so we should n't even try to prevent ? 
  we ca n't 100 % stop people dying in car crashes by i bet you support laws against drunken driving and for wearing seat belts , right ? 
  the idea idea that we should allow anyone from anywhere to come here and and give birth to the next generation of angry second generation immigrants and acting suppose when they do bad things is absurd . 
  so is france ow effectively in a state of civil war like northern ireland ? 
  are all muslims doing that ? 
  stop being ridiculous they just want to live in a place free from war with economic opportunity, 
  so some criminals from eastern europe came to the uk should we stop allowing all eastern europeans to move to the uk ? 
  the uk routinely sends drunken buffoons to other eu countries should they all be denied access too ? 
  just a few points for mass migration morality : leaving babies to drown just so we can save a few pennies is evil . 
  ageing europe : europe is old as fuck we need new young people to increase consumer demand and make our economy more competitive . 
  a mass influx of the most ambitious people from the arab world would help us compete better , plus you know that whole pension thing . 
  fertility : europeans have stopped having babies , well not entirely most choose to have one or two . 
  that is n't enough to pay for our pension but arabs have 2 or 3 , it will help our demographics .
