i used to make alcohol with my uncle . 
  our distilling equipment was top-notch . 
  we were able to make very pure high concentration spirit . 
  i guess an engineering degree pays off in many small ways . 
  it was dangerous , though . 
  not only was it very illegal , but people were very interested in alcohol . 
  you could easily get busted because of a slippery tongue or an asshole neighbour . 
  this one time one of the pipes was improperly insulated and my entire apartment was filled with alcohol fumes . 
  everybody quickly became drunk . 
  we could n't just open the windows , because everybody else would know what 's going on . 
  in the poor days of communism/socialism alcohol was a form of currency , with the official currency being worth less than the paper it was printed on . 
  coin was worth more after melting . 
  everybody did it , whether you were an engineer from a big city , or a starving farmer . 
  yes , and ? 
  would he send a million people out of the kindness of his heart ? 
  he would do his best to ensure that france , germany , and the uk use up their resources before taking what he thought belonged to the ussr . 
  i remember how during the times of communism , factories that started production flaunted how they increased production by a ridiculous amount like 600 % . 
  but of course , if one day you produce nothing , and the next you make a single piece of machinery , you 're looking at an infinity % increase . 
  if you travel by car , it 's not a big deal . 
  a border check might take 15 minutes extra , but you wo n't miss a train . 
  if you have to switch trains behind the border , however , then these 15 or 30 minutes might mean a long wait for a few hundred people every day . 
  who campaigned for the eastern block ? 
  probably those interests which wanted cheap labour from the east , and easy access to conquer eastern markets . 
  the people did n't give a damn . 
  they could have seen it coming 15 years ago , now it 's suddenly surprising that thousands come for jobs . 
  some of the cities in the neighborhood are one of the most polluted places in the eu . 
  think in terms of the ruhrgebiet , but more . 
  a lot has turned to the better , thanks to environmental regulations and the decline of the coal industry . 
  the swedish democrats are gaining unprecedented support in polls . 
  the rightwingers and eurosceptics have taken control in poland . 
  we 're closer to a brexit than ever before . 
  this crisis can potentially be a deadly blow for the entire european union . 
  radical rightwingers will not solve this crysis . 
  but they will gladly take our governments and impose their closed-mindedness on everyone else . 
  i do n't want to endorse eugenics , but these 925 $ have to come from somewhere . 
  i 'd rather have a radical right wing party come up with a laughable plan that nobody will take seriously which costs less , than a plan which might seem attractive to some mothers which would cost much more . 
  in the end , i expect people to try to make their children 's illnesses to qualify for the program and get some extra help , rather than intentionally give birth to a sick child . 
  it might be that the methodology used has a higher influence on the results than the actual statistics . 
  for instance , if people die a year or two after a heart attack due to the complications other than heart disease , that might be counted towards the other cause , rather than heart disease . 
  and if you compare apples and oranges , you might manipulate the statistics to involve non-direct causes of death in the stats . 
  for instance , alcoholism is not a direct cause of death , it 's liver and heart failure . 
  but i do n't really know , i 'm just making a conjecture . 
  poor polan has been gang raped by a giant bear and some german guys numerous times . 
  fewer jobs , relatively high unemployment rate among locals 2 . 
  no affordable housing 3 . 
  no infrastructure ( public transportation , language schools ) 5 . 
  people fence themselves off . 
  they live in the shithole in order to have their peace of mind . 
  i live in rural germany and hate it here . 
  the people who are nice are honest and nice people , the rest are insufferable . 
  it 's impossible to integrate oneself . 
  the local society is so incestuous , everyone knows everyone , everyone 's someone 's cousin . 
  an outsider ca n't fit into this thick matrix . 
  the pay for people such as myself is low , costs are unreasonably high . 
  english uses sh/ch , german has sch/tsch , why ca n't we use sz/cz ? 
  it 's much better than inventing new characters . 
  the legal term for that area is arsch der welt , i think . 
  i ` be been working in the german industry since 10 years , and i have seen a huge wave of migration from czechia to germany . 
  300km deep into germany , you 'll see high tech companies with mostly skodas on the parking place . 
  it 's not rosy . 
  most of our clients in the czech republic suffer from brain drain . 
  there are almost no highly qualified staff in the czech republic . 
  a lot of the time , two or three engineers are running a whole factory . 
  when one guy gets sick , the factory might lose a ton of money . 
  and they need the money , too . 
  their wages are nothing to write home about . 
  the czech staff of a factory is typically very overwhelmed with the tasks given by the management . 
  there are a lot of projects and investments , and less and less people to implement and maintain it . 
  even the most ubiquitous of competences are sought after . 
  it persons are rarely experienced , competent , or have the capacity to react . 
  specialists in other technical areas are simply absent . 
  it would probably be a different story if she was unattractive . 
  but it really hurts me to see this kind of everyday sexism . 
  there is no mercy for men . 
  in our society , boys are supposed to prepare for this sad truth . 
  men should n't cry . 
  i think most people would state that `` a male immigrant teenager with mental problems '' sounds really scary . 
  and none of all the feminist efforts to balance the scales are trying to change something about that . 
  yeah , but he 's estonian . 
  his nationalists see west as decadent . 
  most western countries that enjoy their current level of welfare and social safety nets had to work pretty hard to earn it . 
  poland came late to the party in the 90s , and the country can not afford the same level of welfare . 
  the puppet regime has wasted resources , funnelled much of the country 's industrial output to the soviet cold war machine , while the west has invested and worked for economic supremacy . 
  i envy and applaud our czech brothers . 
  the current government in poland is trying its best to throw the country into a recession and install some kind of totalitarian regime in the process . 
  i feel truly ashamed . 
  i hope our people look around , see how the czechs have fared for themselves , and learn something . 
  almost every person i know that supports afd have no idea what their policies are , apart from being anti-immigration . 
  they have voted and will vote based on this one issue alone , not realizing what that there are potential direct financial consequences for them of electing these people . 
  wow , that 's a whole another story just there . 
  some racial prejudice as well . 
  you mean forcibly russifying the names of cities in satellite states is a non-issue ? 
  calling them soviet even through there were merely `` socialist '' . 
  the soviet union pulled all kinds of shit to make their utopia seem more capable than it was . 
  they did pretty pathetic shit , like e.g. 
  decreasing production for a period of time , in order to later be able to say that `` thanks to the brotherly help of the soviet comrades , the production has increased by 400 % '' . 
  if they halted production for a single day , they would 've been able to increase the productivity by infinity % by dividing by 0 . 
  all this stuff served to feed the propaganda machines . 
  some of the more entitled polish people would get these damn cars from handouts ( since nobody was able to buy them ) , and they were led to believe it was a soviet product . 
  same thing happened with guns , tanks , submarines , you name it .
