i think it was , i 'm pretty sure there was a law passed in parliament some time before it even happened to 1 ) make it legal to even have the referendum and 2 ) make the result legally binding , but do n't quote me on that . 
  you may be a bit late to this ongoing session though , most non-players have already been wiped out , but there is usually at least one person missing each week . 
  1530 : the most dutch year in history , and therefore the greatest year in history . 
  it 's been a long , hard fight , but everyone should have known the the path to a united and free netherlands would not need bloodshed , for an idea that beautiful would surely manifest diplomatically , if not by divine intervention . 
  we began our journey by ~ ~ staging a violent coup ~ ~ establishing a purely advisory council in the duchy of holland , at the time when the evil pure fucking evil burgundians , who were perhaps the most oppressive people in existence . 
  that ... expedition did n't exactly work out , so the brave council of dutch independence ~ ~ staged an even more bloody coup ~ ~ relocated to the much more fitting friesland , which was not only independent but also a republic , which , i do n't know , just seemed right . 
  from there , after losing our entire army several times , being betrayed by our closest allies multiple times , and being propositioned by people who definitely had no ulterior motives several times , the dutch finally earned their freedom . 
  now , in a unified , free , and definitely totally politically and economically independent nation , the dutch people move onto brighter and better things . 
  there are still countries that need liberating , and still more ducats to be completely fairly made . 
  we look forward to continuing our exploration of the americas , and to furthering our extremely strong ties with all of our neighbours , which are universally fantastic . 
  # / #freedthenetherlands, 
  i 'd like to thank the ai and whoever it was that took over friesland for not destroying my country , despite efforts by the appalingly horribly disgustingly treacherous archbishop of cologne who i have been allied too literally the entire game ( how could you try to attack me ** twice ** ) . 
  the grand pensioner and the leaders of the dutch resistance had a nice 20 year holiday in the beautiful frisian swamps ( book your dream getaway now !, 
  ) , though they did not realise that not being able to govern would lead to upstarts attempting to usurp their obviously supreme power . 
  only once they returned from their swamp chalets ( only 20 ducats a month ! ), 
  did they learn of the goings on in friesland and the wider world , and they were deeply shocked to learn that their longest ally , the archbishop of cologne , had attempted to invade twice in their absence , presumably in the knowledge that the supreme power of the true government would have been insurmountable . 
  brave french knights alongside elite germanic troops repelled the barbarians ( idk who exactly helped me other than france but thanks < 3 ) , leaving the archbishop with egg on his face and no lands to govern . 
  now equipped with swamp-tans , the republic of friesland 's leadership will undoubtedly be able continue bringing glory to friesland and the dutch people . 
  # / #freethenetherlands, 
   i am alone , and as of yet defending christianity bravely , althought he who calls himself the pope has prefered to excommunicate me . 
  10k brave frisian troops disagree !, 
  the council for dutch independence and the leaders of the republic of friesland were uncharacteristically brief in their in a statement given in groningen to celebrate the new century , simply stating to the cheering crowd : # `` s o o n '' / #freethenetherlands edit : ffs i only noticed that typo on monday :(, 
  future historians of a unified and free dutch nation will not remember the 1470s with much enthusiasm . 
  the republic of friesland , the sole independent bastion of the dutch people , spent most of this decade licking its wounds , recovering from the disastrous trier incident that destroyed the once fearsome frisian army and left it with one singular carrack as a fleet . 
  the dire situation meant that the most hallowed aspect of our republic , the elections , were ... temporarily suspended , all in the name of dutch sovereignty , of course . 
  slowly and steadily the republic got back on its feet , but as always , something had to knock it down a few pegs . 
  as we all know , the council of dutch independence 's ` relocation ' to the republic of friesland was not exactly smooth . 
  the republic had entangled itself in all sorts of diplomatic nonsense , mostly truces and alliances with the runt nations of the holy roman empire . 
  these agreements had to be broken , even if it upset the peasantry ( who apparently take a huge amount of interest in foreign policy , who knew ) . 
  this time , however , it was not the previous rulers of the republic causing issues , it was the damned bishop of trier , cursing us from beyond the grave . 
  as if his foolish war had not caused enough issues , it was now causing problems in other wars !, 
  as the republic unwaveringly assisted its key ally , the bishop of cologne , in his conquest of the pathetic ` duke ' of oldenburg ( who had the gall to claim groningen as his own ) , they were unfortunately met with a consequence of that war : a truce with the bishop of liege . 
  the council had little qualms breaking it , after all , it was not our fault that such a truce had to be signed in the first place , but they would later admit that they may have slightly underestimated just how upset the peasants would get at this stunningly intelligent display of realpolitik . 
  it took a considerable amount of effort convincing the smallfolk that the world was not ending because we broke a truce , resources that could have been spent elsewhere ( on crucial technological advances , for example ) . 
  alas , the war ended in victory , with friesland taking a considerable share of the spoils . 
  a series of lucky events made the process of calming the peasants easier , though the headache will be remembered for a long time . 
  as always , / #freethenetherlands, 
  the republic of friesland is intrigued by this development . 
  seeing so many good friends joining in peace is wonderful !, 
  missing : frisian army last seen : near groningen , republic of friesland suspected location : six feet under groningen, 
  thank you , a touching tribute . 
  kongo is an invaluable ally against the burgundian menace !, 
  as i said in my comment , the bishop of trier has a lot to answer for from me as well ... 
  specifically a lot of ducats . 
  perhaps a punitive expedition can be arranged . 
  well ... after careful deliberation , the council of dutch independence came to the conclusion that the duchy of holland was no longer an appropriate headquarters for the independence movement . 
  thus , they decided to stage a cou - er , ` peacefully and respectfully relocate ' to the booming republic of friesland , that had recently acquired the province of gelre and was , crucially , an independent nation . 
  following some rearrangements , the republic reneged it 's alliance with oldenburg and left the coalition against the prince-bishop of trier . 
  if this was not already enough of a 180 in foreign policy , the republic then allied itself with denmark , who was at war with oldenburg and more importantly , the bishop of utrecht , and declared war on our former allies ( they were useless to the independence movement , of course ) , gaining the province of utrecht after some not at all shady dealings and becoming the sole independent dutch state . 
  frisian troops fought and died in the crusade against the ottomans under french patronage , but none returned from the wastelands of ` moldavia ' , a ` nation ' far in the east . 
  now , as we all know , many dutch nations have been fooled into thinking that burgundian ` leadership ' is somehow good for them , including the duchy of holland . 
  but one brave dutch nation , that of brabant , secretly yearned for independence and contacted the republic for support . 
  naturally we accepted , but burgundian witchcraft is not to be underestimated : even two mighty dutch nations was not enough . 
  whilst the great powers were occupied , trier was not , and as they too desired the destruction of burgundy , they were natural allies . 
  friesland generously gave them coin , and generously offered rightful dutch clay , all to destroy burgundy . 
  without contacting the republic , trier attacked burgundy , which was , to say the least , a bit awkward , as frisian troops were still under contract with the french king , who clearly wanted to ensure he was getting his money 's worth as he would not cancel the contract himself , despite the crusade being long over . 
  as such , friesland was rapidly overrun , and despite the contract being cancelled , its recently retrieved troops were wiped out . 
  in order to secure dutch independence , friesland quickly offered some shiny clinky coins to burgundy , who , easily impressed as always , readily accepted . 
  though no provinces were lost , much dignity was . 
  despite all this , the council remains confident that one day , all dutch people will be free . 
  one day , all burgundians will be forced to have penises tattooed on their foreheads . 
  one day , someone big and strong and cool will actually attack burgundy . 
  one day . 
  # / #freethenetherlands ( pls france/england ily pls help ) ( also no hard feelings trier i love you too but pls message me xoxo ), 
  #freeholland #fuckburgundyup edit : i forgot hashtags do n't work on reddit but whatever the message stands, 
  i know , it was someone filling in for you who did that . 
  thanks for buying my cogs ( i think that was you ? ), 
  i never doubted you , kaiser-senpai, 
  well , i 'm holland ... 
  things did not exactly go as planned . 
  despite the glorious and honourable efforts of myself and my allies , cologne , brunswick , liege , and hesse , we were not able to free the dutch from the evil burgundians . 
  this , of course , had nothing to do with france peacing out in a separate war with burgundy despite leaving all of their armies in one piece . 
  in the end , my evil overlords stole a province from me and plundered my treasury . 
  but all hope is not lost !, 
  despite being one province down , holland is bustling , and its coffers are filling once more . 
  the people of amsterdam pray that someone really cool and good will save them yet !, 
  #freeholland edit : also holy shit thank you for buying my shitty ships france ( i knew immediately that you were better than your predecessor ) and whoever else i sold them to . 
  you saved holland from bankruptcy !, 
  holland here ... so , who 's going to liberate the true dutch duchy ? 
  hmm ... could i reserve holland , please ? 
  if not , tunis, 
   and barbary pirates slave which was the reason for french invasion of algeria https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barbary_slave_trade til governments never lie about their reasons for invading other countries, 
  that 's not at all what that word means . 
  unless you 're suggesting that you personally can not see an item of religious clothing without being converted , which sounds very much like your problem . 
  the very definitely loyal to portugal colony of cuba has conquered swathes of mesoamerica , converting all the heathens to glorious catholicism . 
  everybody knows that jesus loved gold , and the heathens have lots of it . 
  we are simply doing our sacred christian duty by bringing it all to heaven with us !, 
  the colonial government expresses deep concern on the destruction of our overlord who we definitely do not want to be free from , and we insist that no-one dare support our independence from our motherland . 
  that would be a complete disaster . 
  d e u s v u l t, 
  is this actually , demonstrably possible with current technology ? 
  i seriously doubt it . 
  not to mention the mention the political/economical/environmental concerns of blocking off one end of the channel and filling in half the north sea . 
  glory to clan shimazu !, 
  the pathetic ashikaga shogunate has been ousted during an attempt to destroy our magnificent clan , and the shogunate now belongs to the shimazu !, 
  truly , japan has entered a new golden era , and never again shall we suffer a weak shogun . 
  all but the dear uesegi treacherously bent to the ashikaga 's will , and this is not something we can forgive . 
  the new shogunate watches the situation in china with great interest . 
  thank you for all the money , shimazu owes you !, 
  the shimazu clan has exceeded all expections , including the expectations of its own ambitious daimyo , shimazu tadakuni .
