  all of kyushu is under our control , and shikoku is completely controlled by us and minor clans effectively under our thrall . 
  though this may have upset a few insignificant clans , it is beneath the concern of our mighty clan !, 
  mada mada ^ ^ thank ^ ^ bishamonten ^ ^ for ^ ^ +30 % ^ ^ infantry ^ ^ combat ^ ^ ^ kappa, 
  roma invicta , bitches . 
  the theme system has been restored ( nearly crashing the server through sheer glory ) , the two greenskin tribes ( calling themselves ` ottomans ' and ` persia ' respectively ) defeated , constantinople is the largest city in the world once again , and byzantium is the 2nd most powerful purple nation in the world . 
  what else could we ask for , except even more glory ? 
  great campaign , even though i got killed as mamluks , i grew quite attached to byzantium , although i did not enjoy having to fix the ai 's mess as they had gone unplayed for a while . 
  congrats to the previous player ( s ) for managing to not die , although as they both know , the mamluks did help significantly in that regard with their premium rebel stomping service , so i think it was only right that i took over byzantium and lead them to utter , unrelenting glory  * will add screenshots later, 
  that 'll do it . 
  ireland and scotland were constituent countries of the united kingdom , wales was literally a part of england . 
  wales was part of england in 1900 m8, 
  pretty sure the norwegian gov already pretty much ruled out us ever joining the efta ( because muh fisheries or something ) , sadly, 
  basileos tiberios iv is dead , the great basileus who overthrew the false portguese emperor and conquered all but two provinces in anatolia , the heartland of the empire . 
  he is succeeded by his son theopolis ii , who is ... thankfully quite old . 
  a quiet session for rome , who is strictly neutral in the foolish bickering of barbarians , though we continue to increase our glorious army 's strength ( in both size and proficiency ) and continue to grow economically . 
  our vassal , mentese , continues to for some reason believe they have a chance at independence , apparently under the influence of foreign leaders . 
  the basileus requests that such delusions not be fed to the moronic beylik , for he is old and may be overwhelmed by such complicated ideas as independence . 
  the wall protects us from the green tide . 
  roma invicta !, 
  they have all been converted and welcomed as citizens of the empire , after a few rebellions killed any turk who was n't willing to convert . 
  the phoenix rises over all but two provinces in anatolia !, 
  basileus tiberios iv oversaw the conquest of the odd kingdom of georgia , who had merely ... existed for so , so long . 
  despite converting from the true faith at one point , the basileus decreed that the georgians and armenians were to be left as they were , coptic christians , which is definitely only for benevolent reasons . 
  the last remnants of muslim turkish rule , the perfidious sultanate of candar , was finally exterminated !, 
  finally , manzikert is avenged , and the turks living in roman lands are now all pious and loyal orthodox christians . 
  not a single muslim turk remains , with the only muslim influence in all roman anatolia being in the recently conquered province of trebizond and , of course , the persian-occupied cities of antioch and aleppo , which are cruelly oppressed under muslim rule , and not allowed to express their true faith . 
  the roman economy has almost doubled in size since 1597 , and our armies have doubled with it . 
  the basileus prays daily that this success will continue . 
  roma invicta !, 
  this makes no sense . 
  why attack me if you were just going to quit ? 
  i could appreciate attacking me if you intended to stay and actually play as serbia , but you very obviously did n't , as you showed when you gave me 100 % warscore . 
  i pretty much just wasted manpower and money for no reason , which is a little frustrating , and you put serbia in so much trouble that no one else could play them . 
  if you were playing seriously you would n't have given me 100 % warscore ( when you had 100 % on me ) after demanding i never ally with someone who had the gall to tell you not to nation ruin , and then topping it off by quitting . 
  anyway , i was being polite by telling you i wanted to attack serbia , not threatening you . 
  if you had bothered to respond to my message warning you i had my eyes on serbia we could have worked something out , even been allies , but you decided to attack me ( nation ruining serbia whilst doing it ) and then quit for some reason . 
  the roman empire has had a tumultuous 28 years , beginning with a betrayal of the highest degree and ending with anatolia essentially back under roman control . 
  a truly glorious turnaround !, 
  but such is expected of a roman . 
  the portuguese born de avis ` basileus ' was overthrown in a popular revolt , with rebels in the hundreds of thousands . 
  this is good , we can not have any foreigners ruling rome , let alone suebi-visigoth mongrels !, 
  a new greek dynasty shall rule , as the glorious palaiologos did , rome shall be restored !, 
  alas , we may not be able to do this alone , but we are sure we can fully rely on our french , british , and italian allies in the wars to come . 
  roma invicta, 
  it 's fine . 
  it 's fine . 
  it 's fine edit : added ~ ~ propaganda ~ ~ unbiased , light hearted memes : http://imgur.com/a/v6iy1, 
  looking forward to yet another peaceful session in asia !, 
  peace and love in asia . 
  i was watching you just smash into them again and again ... it was worth it , venice are a menace . 
  [ map ] ( http://imgur.com/a/ykvjr ) sultan janbalut ` the magnificent ' continues his glorious reign in the so very peaceful middle-east . 
  as he had spent so much time smiting in the name of allah throughout his reign , the sultan decided to slow down the righteousness lest he accidentally ascend to godhood or something equally haram . 
  still , some smiting was left to do in arabia , with the sultan of oman being the last of the fake muslims that allah told us to destroy . 
  after oman 's destruction , all that was left to do was to fully integrate the yemeni sultanate , as they were simply too pathetic to allow to exist . 
  with their integration , the mamluk sultanate officially has the nicest borders in the entire world !, 
  such is the will of god !, 
  the sultan also sent troops to assist our allies in persia , who somehow have managed to open a portal that allows for near endless peasants to flow through and cause havoc in their lands . 
  mamlukean troops definitely did not assist the persians in a war against hindustan , and there was no astounding victory at kalat , because asia is at peace , and we are all getting along extremely well . 
  no wars here !, 
  look away . 
  the pan-asian hugbox is very real . 
  moving swiftly on , the sultan has initiated his long-term economic plan that will greatly increasing the trading income of the sultanate for generations . 
  already , whispers of a so-called ` hemispheric common market ' are circulating in the markets of alexandria , whatever that means . 
  as per usual , the sultan will pray for a continuation of peaceful coexistence and prosperity !, 
  the mighty sultan jalatun i continues his conquests and growth !, 
  more fake muslims were removed , only because allah willed it , of course . 
  the pathetically weak tribal morons in arabia were finally brought to heel , with shanmar ( notoriously fake muslims ) and hejaz ( who are true muslims , but not quite as true as us ) being fully integrated into the mamluk sultanate . 
  though also a notorious fake muslim , allah decreed that the sultan of yemen was to be vassalised rather than annexed , perhaps this is allah giving them a second chance ? 
  in order to stop it from recovering the previously ottoman lands , the sultan ordered a punitive expedition against the turks of eretna , though their sheer power meant that only a few provinces could be taken . 
  the tribes of fezzan , after decades of begging , were allowed to be vassalised by the sultan . 
  in an attempt to civilise them , the sultan borrowed some cities from tunis and granted them to the malik , perhaps then he will learn how allah wants us all to live . 
  the qara qoyunlu horde also had some land appropriated by order of god . 
  other than our own glorious wars , the sultanate participated in a few wars in the frozen northern wastelands . 
  though our cartographers could not be bothered to map out the area before hand , the sultan 's troops fought valiantly in the less cold bits we knew about . 
  economically sound , technologically definitely firmly up to date ( where it matters , at least ) , diplomatically ^ ^ ok , the sultan will pray to continue this success !, 
  god truly is very , very good !, 
  the mamluks have had a tremendous 16 years , having almost fully recovered from the regencies , peasant revolts , and stability issues . 
  of course , none of this would have happened had we not incurred allah 's wroth by attacking a fellow muslim alongside infidels , but he is generous , and has rewarded our strength in those trying times . 
  our glorious expansion continued against the fake muslims , this time in arabia , muhammad 's own home . 
  allah came to the sultan , recently came of age , in a dream , demanding that he smite the rulers of yemen and their tribal allies , for they have betrayed him in various non-descript ways !, 
  `` their land must be given to the ruler of hejaz , who is of muhammad 's own clan '' said mighty allah , and the sultan obliged . 
  the kingdom of cyprus , one of the last bastions of the crusaders , was forcefully integrated into the realm , fulfilling yet another of allah 's demands . 
  ever benevolent , allah stated that the infidel inhabitants are to be left as they are ; a puzzling choice , but who are we to question god ? 
  the sultan looks forward to increased prosperity and peace between its good neighbours and allies . 
  i was that muslim country !, 
  do n't worry , i do n't expect infidels to understand the 4d chess manoeuvres that i made . 
  tfw the largest country in your ` crusade ' is muslim : /, 
  allah certainly works in mysterious ways . 
  we began this era as we meant to go on : with our sultan , the last of the burji dynasty , dying peacefully in his sleep . 
  he was replaced by a young nobleman , who would surely live and rule for a very long time . 
  under new leadership , the mamluk state began to expand once again , annexing the pathetic turkish beyliks to our northern border , losing many troops to attrition because of how filthy their mountain-clinging ` cities ' were . 
  though some would call it haram , the new sultan did not agree , and continued attacking his fellow muslims . 
  however , whilst allah is certainly merciful , even he has his limits , and attacking the ottomans was apparently that , for everything seemed to go horribly wrong after the sultan decided to join the christians in their crusade against them . 
  almost immediately after troops moved into ottoman territory , the new sultan dies , leaving his young heir in the hands of 3 orphan children that were found in the streets of al quds . 
  needless to say , this was not an optimal arrangement , and the new regency council was not the most competent ever assembled . 
  but allah was not quite done with us yet !, 
  the peasants , apparently enraged that we only had 3 orphans instead of the customary 4 , rose up across the country in revolt . 
  though their mob was easily crushed , it was decided by the 3 regents that the peasants should simply be given what they want lest they hurt themselves further . 
  despite these ( obviously insignificant ) setbacks , the mamluk state remains financially strong and its army is still standing strong . 
  the peasants are back in their fields , and the turks are still ... well , okay , they still want to revolt , but who cares about them .
