  from surveys i 've seen 50 % want to stay in the eu 20 % want to leave the eu because of issues like lack of democratic accountability , fishing etc. 
  30 % want control of migration . 
  given those numbers can you think of a solution that would make the majority of people happy ? 
  good choice security and counter terrorism is probably the one thing that is n't going to change between the uk and the eu . 
  if there were 2 sides there would n't be any storys of the british army ambushing or arresting loyalist paramilitary . 
  but i see what your getting at the army did focus disproportionately on the ira due to political pressure because of the bombings and assassinations on the uk mainland even though many loyalist groups actions in ni were just as bad as the iras . 
  i think there were murdering cunts on all 3 sides . 
  though gerry adams is up there with the worse of them . 
  about what ? 
  that would need an s at the end cunt is singular . 
   we also know how to spell gerry adams . 
  so do i think its spelt m u r d e r i n g c u n t, 
   because they shot us and the ira did n't you need to read your history again . 
  most of the civilian deaths from the british army occurred in shoot outs with the ira . 
  you can thank the jerry adams and ira for that . 
  before the ira attacks the rest of the uk saw the catholics as the victims in the conflict . 
  but car-bombings and the assassination of british politicians changed all that as stopping the ira became the top priority for the rest of the uk . 
  they were sent to protect the catholic population from attacks by protestant groups , who were attacking catholic neighbourhoods . 
  and for a while that 's exactly what they did , things got complicated when the ira acquired armalite rifles from the us and started firing into groups of soldiers and civilians as revenge for the protestant attacks . 
  the army returned fire and people died in the cross fire , the entire thing then gradualy turned into a 3 way cluster fuck of escalating violence . 
  between catholic and protestant paramilitary groups and the british army . 
  do you remember why the british army was sent to northern ireland in the first place ? 
  i 'm argue that having people murdered and organising terrorist bombings against civilians are n't progressive policy 's . 
  and afew pro-gay policy 's does n't out weight that . 
  so would you have done the same thing in his position ? 
  then they are evil monsters too just like he is . 
  you need to read up on your history . 
   i think he 's far more open minded and progressive in his policies than hard right groups like the dup he has literally has people murdered for opposing his policy 's . 
  i despise allot of politicians for far less than that . 
  so you think gerry adams is a decent guy ? 
  he thought she opposed the ira that was the political disagreement . 
  its not like there was any evidence she was even working with the british army it was just a rumour . 
  and even if she had been the ira were detonating car bombs in shopping centres full of people is trying to stop that such a terrible thing ? 
  at the very least can we agree that gerry adams is not progressive . 
  do you think it was right have that woman dragged from her home in-front of her children and then executed on her knees in a ditch ? 
  he was named as the person who gave the order by one of the people who carried out the killings , and several ira operatives recorded interviews that were released after there deaths where they said he was the one who ordered the execution . 
  i 'm talking about [ gerry adams ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerry_adams ) . 
  leader of sinn fein who ordered the killings . 
  if your party 's leader has people murdered because there reporting possible terrorist attacks to the police , its not a progressive party . 
  what did he do ? 
   sf is generally more progressive it is ? 
  there leader [ literally had people dragged from there homes and executed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murder_of_jean_mcconville ) for disagreeing with his politics then had there body 's disposed of in shallow graves . 
  that 's not very progressive . 
   that argument does n't hold . 
  you 're saying they wo n't set up in romania/poland/et . 
  because they do n't need to and yet , in reality , they set up wherever is cheaper for them given a variety of constraints . 
  your agreeing with me , at the moment the constraints make country with existing infrastructure the cheapest place to set-up because cheap labour can be easily moved to that location . 
  if labour ca n't be relocated that changes the equation . 
   i 'm not even sure what your argument is any more ? 
  that free movement of labour is very beneficial for the economy of wealthy country 's like the uk , while at the same time it hurts country s like poland due to massive brain drain , and depriving them of a huge selling point that can be used to attract business ( cheap labour ) . 
   uk voted to get out of eu , why ca n't scotland do the same with uk ? 
  because people in scotland are against it . 
   if ( hopefully ) nothing substantial happens this could be the creation of a convention whereby in instances of decisions made by popular referendum , a possible lock could arise in the form of the consent of all home nations well that would be hideously undemocratic , so just because of where i happen to live my vote would be worth 1/10th of the vote of a person in scotland ? 
  would i be aloud to go stay in a hotel in scotland for the day of the vote , so i could actually get a say in the way the country is run ? 
  your reaction perfectly sums up why the euro is doomed . 
  you ca n't run a single currency without a fiscal union but a fiscal union will be completely unacceptable to germany , as it means footing most of the bill for other eu country 's . 
  london where a million pounds is n't quite enough to buy a dated 2 bedroom flat . 
  there 's nothing quite like drinking a pint in the driving rain while near by a hen party holds each others hair as they they take it in turns to vomit in the gutter . 
  blackpool is such a magical place . 
  hull is the top destination in the uk perhaps even the world , for boarded up shops and elderly drunk women dancing topless on pub tables . 
  in a proper fiscal union germany would simply pay off greece debt as if it was its own . 
  because they do n't need to they can setup somewhere with good infrastructure and then ship in low paid workers to that location , saves them a bunch of money . 
  without freedom of movement if they wanted to access the cheap labour they would need to set up factory 's in places like romanian and poland then invest in local infrastructure . 
   staying in the union is known to be negative in the longer term ok so back it up , lets see your proof . 
   why would the currency be a problem ? 
  because scotland does n't want to join the euro and if it leaves the uk it will lose is say over how the pounds monetary policy is shaped . 
   you can register by website that 's the tourist visas website for vising the us i 'm talking about work visas you know the ones that you need to interview for and provide a shit load of paper work . 
   that really illustrates that it 's certainly necessary to uphold the principle and make it possible for eu courts to enforce it so you would agree that the single market currently does n't cover services at the moment ? 
   they 're going to apply even more restrictions on that , you know ? 
  why once they can control visas they can directly control foreign workers all the weird and stupid work around wo n't be needed any more . 
  also there is a limit to how much they can squeeze the companys that operate there , as there are other country 's who would happly take the vast amount of money those company 's bring to the area . 
  if they squeeze to hard another country just has to offer them sufficient visa and they can poach that business for them selfs . 
   iceland had absolutely no say in what icelandic banks did in foreign countries . 
  but the icelandic government had promised to cover any savings if something went wrong which is why people trusted those banks in the first place . 
  if it were n't for freedom of movement company 's would relocate to poor areas to take advantage of the lower cost of labour . 
  rather than setup someone with good infrastructure and bring the labour to them . 
  and my point is that is exactly what happens now . 
  free movement does n't stop that , its why all the best jobs in the uk are in london and inequality has been growing every year . 
   the hr department of her company deals with the paperwork , most likely . 
  no you do n't need paper work or a visa for business trips like that . 
   requiring a local qualification is illegal under the principle of free movement of workers , if you 're an eu citizen . 
  they do n't require a local qualification they simply restrict the shit out of every qualification that is n't local to the point where there almost useless . 
  this is standard practice in many industry 's in several eu country 's and has been going on for as long as i can remember . 
  i have to deal with it ever year , as they try and figure out new ways to force the company 's to only hire local workers . 
  the only thing keeping them in check is the vast amounts of money those company 's bring to the area and they have threatened to move in the past when it got really bad , which results in the restrictions being eased up on as the local area is hugely dependent on the tourism those company 's bring in . 
   eu citizens do n't need work visa . 
  you can just go over there . 
  sure but realistically , i can only work there 4 weeks a year and i 'm only aloud to teach half as many people as a local at once even though i have none of those restriction working in my home country or outside the eu , a sponsored work visa program would be better than the current situation to be honest . 
  because while visas are a pain to sort ( and i have sorted them in the past when working in non-eu country 's ) once you have them you can work for extended periods and without any restrictions . 
  so at the moment the eu single market absolutely does not cover free movement of services , in some ways its easier to deal with country 's outside of it as things are more upfront and everything is spelled out clearly in advance rather than require you to have insider knowledge to operate there . 
  the uk wo n't withdraw military support in my lifetime , but we 're talking about the next generation . 
  guess the uk was wrong then , hopefully others wo n't make the same mistake . 
   fundamentally , capital and investments tend to migrate from all regions of eu and accumulate in a handful of extremely competitive centers : london , paris , milan , frankfurt , etc. . . 
  the same thing happens with labour . 
  my gf does analytical work most of there business is from the us , after the work is complete she travels over to the us to present the findings to the clients , all without freedom of movement . 
  i teach sports but i have had many problems working in various country 's in the eu because they heavily restrict people without a local qualification to give local workers an advantage . 
  italy for example were preventing anyone without an italian qualification from working more than 1 week a year there ( all though i think its now increased to 4 weeks after several company threaten to leave ) . 
  france banned non-local qualifications almost entirely . 
  ironicly its often easyer for me to work long term outside of the eu as many countrys only care that you have a visa and do n't end up trying to implement restrictions through the back-door the eu single market has n't yet been extended to cover services , if italy issued me a 4 week work visa for the year via the company i worked for , that would be no different than the current situation for me under freedom of movement . 
  the eu single market does n't properly cover free trade in services yet , many country can still do things like restrict your ability to work based on where you qualification is from in the eu .
