  he probably holds her partially responsible for him been trapped in an embassy for the last few years . 
  i voted remain but reading your comment kind of makes me wish i had n't . 
  junker said the following after the negotiation . 
  `` we have concluded a deal with the prime minister , he got the maximum he could receive , we gave the maximum we could give . '', 
  `` so there will be no renegotiation , not on the agreement we found in february , nor as far as any kind of treaty negotiations are concerned . '', 
  that does n't sound like someone who given more time would be willing to implement reforms hes basically saying take it or leave and that 's what people did . 
  that was a factor sure but , i think the nail in the coffin was david camerons attempt at eu reform just before the referendum . 
  polls were showing that any substantial reform would result in a 70 % win for remain , but the outcome was frankly embarrassing , he would have been better off if he had n't bothered . 
  after those talks everyone concluded reforming the eu was impossible and the only way to change things was to leave . 
  that does n't answer the question you could have a standardised immigration policy . 
  you could have a migration caps like the swiss have suggested with each state having control over there caps with a pre-defined minimum . 
   there 's a need for both a carrot and stick why exactly ? 
  should n't the benefits of a policy be sufficient motivation without having to resort to threats to get people to accept it . 
   but indeed , what if ` scottish whiskey ' is not a protected regional specification anymore ? 
  it already is n't outside the eu ( apart from afew nations the eu has trade agreements with ) but its still incredibly popular in places like japan and even in china land of the cheap knock offs , who import vast amounts of the stuff . 
   will the uk be able to negotiate these protections in all the new trade deals they are planning to have ? 
  probably and that would be an improvement over the current situation were it is n't protected at all in the main country 's its exported to . 
   without fom it would be like each state in the us having its own immigration policies which would hinder growth . 
  so why does the eu have use other parts of the single market as leverage in order to get country 's to accept it ? 
  well thats just word play , you know what i meen if you took the single market and removed fom then called it something else it would still work . 
  and without fom it would still be much more than a free trade deal, 
  there can fom has been restricted in the past without any problems . 
  the reasons why freedom of movement is sacrosanct to the eu are political not practical . 
  what will eu gain by restricting trade with the uk ? 
  should n't the eu simply do what best for its self economically regardless of what the uk wants ? 
  which in this case is keeping the uk in single market . 
   you are all poorer because of the hit to the pound . 
  not those of us who clients are the us and get paid in $ . 
  no most of the uks trade is with country 's outside the eu and that has been increasing every year for a while now . 
   and the end of an empire . 
  lol i hate to break it to you but the british empire ended 50 years ago , mate . 
  try to keep up with current events . 
   except that while it 's probable that the uk will end in the single market not realy now the eu has tied fom to the single market , the government has n't really got much choice in the matter any more . 
  unless the eu compromises which it has said it wo n't the uk will have to leave the single market . 
   plus many company that trade with the us trade with the rest of eu too which is why they wo n't be phased by trading without the single market , everyone does it all the time with the us its hardly a big deal its an annoyance at best . 
  services are probably the least effected by the single market anyway . 
  most of service company 's i know of do most of there trade with the us who we are on wto tariffs with . 
  so no its not that big a deal to be honest . 
  mine is n't . 
  nether is anyone elses i know of . 
  no that includes all imports and exports for both goods and services . 
  you clearly do n't have a clue what your talking about . 
  impossible to say ( we have no control for comparison ) , though i know its not exactly a popular situation with the norwegians . 
  my in opinion being subject to laws you have no influence on that will inevitably be used against you is much worse than the 2 % lower gdp by 2030 that economists predicted as worse case scenario if the uk goes back to wto without any agreement at all . 
   ( take the us as a benchmark , or canada if you will ) take at least twice as long to implement . 
  if the eu is involved yes they do , but it would just be the uk and another country the eu would n't be involved at all which makes things much simpler . 
  also the canadian and us trade deals are practically already written for the uk , we just take the eu one and strike out everything not important to the uk in exchange for some things we do want and realistically it could be in place before the eu deal is . 
  i meen have you actually looked at the numbers budgets trade statistics , import exports etc ? 
  because your own representatives in the eu simulated war games before the referendum disagrees with you very strongly . 
  is that based on anything or is it just a feeling ? 
  because looking at the number that 's not even close to true . 
  simply put ireland does more trade with the uk than the uk does with the eu by a substantial margin . 
  so trade barriers will hit it harder and the more severe those barriers the worse it will be . 
  ok i stand corrected , guess we would have to agree to tariff free car sales with the eu . 
  which is why i think the uk needs to leave the single market entirely , i do n't think its benefits are sufficient to outweigh the costs of a norway style agreement . 
  thats why most company 's cycle them from there home country and cram them in dirt cheap accommodation . 
  working for afew months and living in crap conditions is acceptable to most if you get to then go home with a huge chunk of money at the end of it . 
   that means 10 % tariffs car import with all countries . 
  it means they can impose that if they want they do n't have to , but cars are n't a huge export for the uk anyway so its not as big an issues as it would be for a country like germany . 
   the uk has 0 trade agreements , if it were to leave right now . 
  true but most trade agreements not involving the eu take between 1 and 2 years to negotiates so it would have some by the end of article 50 negotiations . 
   tariffs ca n't go sky high and ca n't be targeted well no but thankfully one of the uks biggest imports from the eu is cars which has one of the highest allowable tariffs under wto 10 % so you could easily make several billion a year from that based on current figures , then you plow that into r&d and infrastructure to support the domestic car industry . 
  and they do n't need to be targeted , as any country with a trade agreement would be excluded . 
  tariffs are n't that bad for the uk because it imports more than it exports with the eu , so the eu would pay more than the uk would overall . 
  yer i think the city have recently said they would rather abandon passporting than be subject to the eu regulation without the uks influence . 
  yep , thats the downside which is why many of the top people in the city have said they would prefer to lose passporting if the alternative was being subject eu regulation without the uk having any influence over it . 
  and no my side losing the referendum was n't great feeling to be honest, 
  you know ireland will be the worse hit of any country including the uk if there is n't a comprehensive trade deal in place . 
  sure the eu is larger the question is it willing to write off some of its smaller members economy 's in order to give the uk the finger as it exits . 
  non so far because non have been willing to take on the majority of the eus financial regulation . 
  however the uk does as it has to as an eu member . 
   we mostly care about freedom of movement and outsourcing coming our way . 
  you know those two are to a large degree mutually exclusive . 
  if country 's can ship in cheap labour they do n't need to outsource to the country 's with cheap labour . 
  have you been living in a cave with no tv or internet for the last month ? 
  i think the eu will be getting a terrible deal at this rate . 
  the uk government lost out on a huge amount of money by not applying tariffs to imports from the eu . 
  passporting has never been linked to eu membership other country who ar n't part of the eu can qualify for passporting if they meets the eus regulatory requirements which the uk currently does . 
  if it was n't a useful tool to damage the uks economy and provide leverage in negotiations no one would even be talking about it . 
  but germany also went the austerity route after the 2008 crisis so why did n't it effect them as well ? 
   wales should be doing better though as should parts of england . 
  that 's a little unfair really the uk funds renewable by taxing the entire country then uses those funds to build in the place that will produce the best energy returns . 
  that most of the places with very high winds are in scotland means the uk invests the money there more than in england or wales , even though those areas provide the vast majority of the funding for the renewable energy program . 
  so it only really makes sense to look at the uk as a whole , looking at parts in isolation is very misleading . 
  did n't we let in about 1.1 million this year alone ? 
  if its just a question of money i think that will be a non-issue , i remember in the simulated eu war games before the referendum the uk representative very quickly talked about paying into the eu budget in exchange for single market access , its migration that will be the stumbling block . 
   this is what brexiters have n't grasped yet i think they 've understood perfectly whats going on people are just deliberately misunderstanding them , while official negotiations will be between the eu and the uk , in reality the uk is going to have to ensure any deal is satisfactory to 27 country 's in the eu or they will veto it . 
  it makes sense to talk to each of the members individual to figure out what parts of any agreement they disagree with and what it would take to get them on board . 
  its effectively going to be 27 separate negotiations that will need to be merged into a single agreement on completion . 
  so the first stage of the negotiation in practice is going to be negotiation deals separately the second phase is merging those deals into a single agreement . 
  yes that 's one of the minor ways in which services are covered but most services are not covered in the single market . 
  if services were totally covered by the single market italy would n't be able to limit me to working 4 weeks a year because i do n't have an italian issued qualification and france would n't be able to ban me entirely . 
  i would have no time limit to how long my certs let me work for each year same as i do at home or outside the eu . 
   funny thing is , many analysts , including davis , recommended waiting until after franco-german elections in hope of a better deal , sort of doubling down on a foolish bet . 
  france is more euroskeptic than the uk and immigration is a huge issue there currently . 
  if an anti-migration party wins or does very well in france they can get compromises made to eu immigration and fom policy that the uk can piggie back on as part of its exit agreements . 
  its a sensible plan . 
  the eu single market does n't really cover services yet anyway apart from in some fairly minor ways . 
  it was but the outcome is n't . 
  true but a majority for what ?
