my understanding is that if the border checks are moved to the uk euro-star will be required to pay a fine for every person improperly brought to the uk mainland under international law . 
  the french goverment owns 55 % of eurostar while the uk does n't own any share in the company . 
  that 's why the arrangement has persisted for so long for france to change the arrangement it basically risks tanking euro-star , under a tidal wave of fines . 
   always demanding special treatment you know the uk would have backed any other country that wanted to same opt outs it has . 
  why do n't other eu country just ask for the same opt out 's it would be almost impossible for the eu to say no . 
  its like the euro all over again but this time with guns and tanks . 
  because while everyone loves the idea in principle the the difficult parts of creating an eu army will be 1 . who pays for it . 
  2 . who commands it . 
  most of the eu has failed to uphold its nato spending obligations for there own army 's . 
  i think it will be problematic to get country 's to meet those obligations for an army they have little control over . 
  i think they are banned in french work places and schools, 
  i think a better solution would be a licence to ware a burka/burkini which can only be acquired if your husband/father signs a contract legally requiring him to also ware one at all times when hes in public . 
  jesus , that looks awful :(, 
  i like it , its more seedy and disturbing . 
   if they are supposedly subsidised , you should be happy to be rid of them . 
  because people in scotland are british there are friends and relatives . 
  most people have no issues covering the deficit of a part of the uk that is n't doing so well at the moment , scotland is n't the only part of the uk to run a deficit . 
  also remember there is no such thing legally as a scottish or english citizen the law makes no distinction between the two and has n't for hundreds of years , everyone is a uk citizen , splitting people up into two groups is going to be an awful process it will divide family 's and community 's . 
  as well as cut people like me off from places we once considered home . 
  the eu could always deny the uk the benefits of freedom of movement as punishment . 
  we 're in it for the money . 
  kind of unfortunate given that its [ technically correct . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles ), 
  the house of lords does n't actually have any power , they basically act as technical advisers to the commons , they have the ability to send legislation back to the commons to be reviewed if they find serious problems with it they can do that a maximum of 3 times after that the legislation skips the house of lords regardless of how they feel about it , so they ca n't control the laws just temporarily delay them while offering advice on how to fix the issues they have with them . 
  they are selected by an independent body for there experience and accomplishments in various fields that will be useful to the legislative process . 
  [ here are the requirements for selection in more detail ] ( http://lordsappointments.independent.gov.uk/selection-criteria.aspx )  is there in place for the english and the welsh to repay the scots and the northern irish for making everything they own , worth 12 % less , virtually over night . 
  both scotland and ni have gotten more money per person than england and wales from the goverment every year since before i was born so i guess you could say there is . 
  why do you think freedom of movement is a negative thing ? 
   eu countries got the most gold medals by far . 
  and did every single one of those gold medal winners get the best qualifying results in the eu ? 
  because if they had the 3rd or 4th best results in the eu they would n't have even got to go to the olympics if the eu was a team . 
  to put it another way if one country was suddenly aloud to submit 27 athletes then after the event was over and the results were in got to decide which of those people counted as its representatives , would that team have an advantage over other teams ? 
   furthermore , immigrants that had been bound for the uk will now come to ireland , with research suggesting an average wage fall of 3.9 % with workers in high skilled positions experiencing a 5 % wage decrease . 
  sounds like a textbook ukip supporter to me , worried about unrestricted eu migration driving down wages . 
   ` we should go down fighting ' - i think a more cooperative and conciliatory attitude would be more suitable at this point in the game . 
  i agree but its unlikely to happen the eu is n't big on compromise if it was the uk would never have left in the first place . 
  the eu is not the average eu citizen . 
  the uk needs to be in a position where it can counter any attempt by the eu to damage it , and that means been in a position to retaliate in an economic war , to deter france and germany from trying to use it to make a point to the other eu states . 
   europe has a good memory of what happened the last time germany was punished . 
  what gives you that idea ? 
  i would say its the opposite . 
   they will want to see uk weakened but not destroyed . 
  honestly i do n't like the idea of the uk being used by the eu as a sacrificial lamb to frighten other eu members into staying . 
  personally i think we should go on the offensive with huge business tax cuts , if france and germany are going to try and damage the uk for its decision to leave , i would rather we go down fighting than meekly accept our fate . 
  that 's because they get 27 attempts at each event where as the us does n't . 
  you can work it out it is n't hard just time consuming , find out who had the best qualifying results for each of the 27 eu teams and count up there medals to find out what a real eu team would have got . 
   many may despise european federalism , but this is the best example to show how much we would dominate if we were to be a single entity this is highly misleading the reason the eu seems to do so well is because it summits 27 candidates per event . 
  if it was an actual team it would n't . 
  and by everyone you of course mean france and germany . 
  article 50 is designed to make exit negotiations incredibly one sided as well , i suspect france in particular is going to do everything it can to damage the uk in any exit agreement , even if it hurts there own economy in the process . 
  i think the uk needs to assume the worse case scenario for exiting and be ready to walk away without any agreement at the end of the 2 years . 
  the uk needs some way to ensure the eu wo n't offer a horrific deal designed to punish the uk then just sit on its hands until the clock runs out . 
  as a counter i think the uk should say it will scrap corporation tax entirely if an acceptable agreement is n't reached . 
  i do n't want to talk to you , your not a nice person . 
  article 50 is a trap , designed as a deterrent rather than a sensible way for a country to leave the eu . 
  the uk is going to need to be very prepared before it should be activated , the economic damage in the short term is much better alternative than charging into the process . 
  particularly when the uk has unlimited time to prepare to for the gauntlet . 
  to be truly objective you would need to find out which of the 27 teams have best qualifying results and then only count there medals . 
  otherwise the eu team would effectively be getting 27 attempts with the best result counting each time . 
  so to bring it back to the case , if i shoot my girlfriend in the back 3 times that 's fine so long as i give my word that she was abusive ? 
  would you say the same if the genders are reversed ? 
  the uk did it for football teams . 
  so your saying the uk opt outs disadvantage it compared to other eu country 's ? 
  and what red tape to they generate exactly ? 
  even the us allows states to do things differently from each other which seems to be the model eu federalists want to follow . 
  literally every single day on / r/europe people tell me about how the uk gets special privileges in the eu that no one else gets , that its very unfair as everyone in the eu should get the same deal . 
  i 'm saying that everyone getting those same privileges would have been very popular with people in the uk and it probably would have helped the remain campaign as well . 
  is that not the case are the uk opt outs not awesome privileges that everyone else would love to have ? 
  because apparently our opt outs are amazing privileges that everyone else wants to have , so why should n't everyone else in the eu get them as well ? 
  i 'm as baffled as you are there was zero public demand to cut security ties with the eu it was the one of the areas where even the leave campaign said things should stay the same as much as possible . 
  the only thing i can think of would be that the uk made this agreement while thinking it would still be in the eu and now its leaving that creates practical problems , for example if the eu commission or parliament gets partial control over a country 's security services as part of this agreement which the uk will no longer be part of , then i could see the uk hesitating to sign up now it wo n't have a say in those organisations . 
  even if that 's the case i would imagine it just means some other agreement would be worked out that takes into account that the uk is no longer an eu member so that cooperation can continue . 
  but honestly , i do n't know its abit of a surprise to me as well to be honest . 
  even if mosses , jesus and mohammad , never existed there still the most influential people in the history of the world . 
  i think understanding the basics of the major world religions is useful practical knowledge . 
  i have no idea , i guess been as we 're leaving the eu there might be some complications related to the current agreement perhaps ? 
  i think security cooperation with the eu was the one area literally no one seemed to have a problem with , so long as the uk security services think its a good idea i ca n't see anyone objecting . 
  they have been in the process of joining the eu for about 50 years . 
   europe must be fully integrated both politically and economically , every country against it should get out i think your in for a nasty shock when the uk leaves and you realise that it was n't actually the one stopping this . 
  the uk has been a strong supporter of the euro-zone integration , because the uks position is you ca n't have a shared currency without a shared political system . 
  a weak euro-zone economy is bad for the uk , the strongest opposition is always going to be from germany they really do n't like the idea of paying the debts of other country 's which is something political and economic integration is going to require . 
   do remember 12 % , of our population is english . 
  i know i was one of them for a while . 
  i know how disliked we are by nationalists such as your self . 
  but your not representative of the majority of people in scotland most of them are actually very nice and do n't care about where you were born . 
  well yer that 's kinda of my point in 1978 there was n't even strong support for scotland having its own parliament or devolution in general , never mind independence . 
  the scottish parliament was only created just over a decade ago . 
   sassnachs thanks for teaching me a new derogatory term for english people . 
  do you think the uk would oppose anyone else getting these `` special concessions '' if they wanted them ? 
  if the eu had said we 're going to make these changes eu wide instead making them a uk only thing it would have been a massive boost for the remain campaign , as it would have shown the uk could get change made to the entire eu and would have made people feel that the eu could be reformed , but no the best we can mange is local exceptions some of the time . 
  i do n't know why people on here seem to think the uk would n't support every other country in the eu having the same opt out 's it gets if they wanted them , that would have been a huge deal and very popular in the uk . 
  true but the independence driven scottish nationalism most people are used to is a fairly recent thing . 
  so can the eu be changed or are people wrong to expect it to change ? 
  you seem to be saying both . 
  and polls were showing if cameron had got substantial reforms to the eu in his negotiation before the vote , remain was expected to get about 70 % of the votes . 
  so there absolutely was an attempt to change things to keep the uk in but it failed utterly , and remain took at beating because of it . 
  british nationalism . 
  scottish nationalism only realy developed after ww2 and has only really gained the majority of its strength in the last 6 years , since new labour ( scotlands preferred political party until then ) lost power to the conservatives , welsh nationalism is barely existent and english nationalism pretty much does n't exist . 
  go look at / r/england compared to / r/unitedkingdom to see what i mean . 
   but instead he seems to have some sort of personal vendetta against the clintons and seems to see the leaks not as a journalistic goal but as the means by which he aims to destroy the clinton campaign .
