if spain can handle the lads on tour they can handle anything . 
  calling dwarfs dwarves ? 
  [ that 's going in the book !, 
  ] ( http://warhammerfantasybattle.wikia.com/wiki/the_great_book_of_grudges ), 
  none as far as i know . 
  i was referring to the turks casually ignoring what massacres britain did to other people during the 1800s ( eg . 
  ireland , aboriginals of australia and so forth ), 
  seems fair to me . 
  ireland is probably going to be the country most affected by a brexit if it happens ( apart from britain of course ), 
  well i knew the ottomans were slowly declining , but i did n't know it was that bad as early as 1976 . 
  i always thought it was 1890 + that the ottomans were considered `` the sick man of europe '' . 
  thank you and / u/coolguyxtremist for correcting me . 
  perfidious albion strikes again !, 
  i 'm sure the turks overlooked a few british massacres too . 
  that 's what happens when major countries get together , they twiddle their thumbs and whistle innocently . 
  it 's shifty as fuck and i wish that none of this stuff ( both the massacres and the feigned ignorance ) would happen . 
  i was a fan of fapple myself . 
  `` fuck off bono '' - everyone, 
  ship it to us spain and we 'll smuggle it in disguised as english wine . 
  no angry french winemaker will want to go within 10 meters of the tanker !, 
  wotland . 
  `` u wot m8 ? '', 
  `` as a matter of fact i am '', 
  finally someone takes a stand against selfies !, 
  bloody poland stealing our migrants !, 
  wait a second ... 
  i feel the same sometimes !, 
  although to be fair it 's related to the upcoming referendum . 
  bloody island monkeys . 
  reminds me of a joke the difference between coventry , uk and dresden , germany is that dresden was rebuilt after the war . 
  while there 's no doubt that the city is corrupt as fuck and needs sorting out , calling britain the most corrupt country in the world is hyperbolic and will only undermine his argument and good intentions . 
  yeah history is strange like that . 
  imagine going back in time and telling people just after the irish war of independence that !, 
  all in !, 
  you ca n't tell us what to do !, 
  we 're all voting in now . 
  ah , i 'm not looking for an argument , just fancied making a joke . 
  might be a shit joke but it 's a joke nethertheless . 
  no doubt they know about biased opinions , considering all 20 million of them moved over to britain when they gained free movement . 
  if we ca n't have normandy and aquitaine then we 'll just take brittany !, 
  sorry lads ; _ ; hopefully the public will vote for you !, 
  god damn it sebasti\u00e3o get your shit together . 
  pretty sure king george tried to but france said non . 
  here 's some music to keep us all company https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8sq8r54c53o, 
  80 % chance of trump, 
  i 'd say fantastic is a bit of an overstatement . 
  it was decent though . 
  nowadays i just go to lidl when i feel like having cheap chocolate . 
  better than cadbury 's for sure . 
  obviously belgian and swiss chocolate are still king . 
  oh shit you 're right . 
  i guess we 'll have to call them greater great britain and great ireland . 
  we might not be bringing back the industrial revolution era of the empire but we 'll be bringing back the air quality at least !, 
  oh hey there fellas !, 
  did n't see you !, 
  how 's the weather over there ? 
  because remainers lost and have to get over it . 
  or whatever it was that was spouted after the referendum . 
  / r/theredlion seems like something you 'd like . 
  it has a strict no politics rule . 
  was this put on the side of a bus by any chance ? 
  yeah . . well . . go river dance to your local pub and drink guinness , sean !, 
  meanwhile i 'm gon na go and butter up a crumpet and think about the empire . 
  harrumph . 
  treaty of trianon never forget, 
   three brexiteers we need to raise alexandre dumas from the grave and get him to write this . 
  i was making an invest in eastern poland joke haha , i know the baltics are northern europe . 
  invest in eastern ... 
  well that explains where the horse meat scandal came from a few years back, 
  i was thinking the north . 
  it is not enough that we fail , we must drag everyone down with us apparently . 
  that poor piece of cardboard, 
  `` we must stop the terrorists '' `` no john , you are the terrorists '' and then john was an isis end, 
  we have enough home grown bloodsuckers as it is without the romanians variants , 
  brexit brought change . 
  the day after we woke up in the middle of the atlantic . 
  so you do n't like people calling romania shitty but you literally do the same thing with britain ? 
  i agree that the original guy is an asshole but there 's no need to continue the cycle . 
  call the guy an asshole , do n't drag the rest of us into it . 
  i guess it 's only acceptable to insult britain on / r/europe and nobody else . 
  as proven by this comment chain . 
  this one is the worst . 
  at least the grand tour is coming soon !, 
  considering how much our government hates the environment it 's surprising this was put through at all . 
  at least if you want to to go manchester you 'll be fast half of the distance . 
  and then london after he was rejected there . 
  yeah raindome does n't have the same feel to it . 
  he 's an obvious troll mate . 
  it 's treason then . 
  [ aaaaaaaaaaaarghgghghgh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r3osavwcd4u ), 
  what 's greece 's policy on 200 year refunds for illegally bought goods ? 
  hopefully greece gets back an important part of their national heritage . 
  rexit now !, 
  me , i will now resign from shitposting . 
  do n't read the sun . 
  in the case of sweden it 's not for a lack of trying . 
  they sold their last colony , saint-barth\u00e9lemy , to france in 1878 . 
  it probably was downvoted at the beginning to be fair to op . 
  if it helps any i do n't feel that way about the french . 
  you guys have had your fair share of victories against us as well .
