i 'm a black-american , i do n't see any problem with it because i actually read the story about it . 
  the problem when people critique things like that , especially black-americans , is mainly knee-jerk reactions to them initially seeing it . 
  reading into things and learning about the history of it . 
  i personally do n't see the big deal about it , then again its hard to offend me . 
  yeah during the civil rights days in the us negro was the pc term . 
  even civil right 's leaders had it in their speeches . 
  it 's like a circle , just going around and around , and noting ever gets solved it looks like . 
  yeah , but most europeans only hit up nyc , la , and miami . 
  missing out on some other pretty cool cities . 
  which i understand with the limited budget , you want the best experience , just that there is more to the us than the cities you see in movies and on tv . 
  like every other free trade agreement , same shit , different decade ... smh . 
  well if we go by most politicians , give it about two to three weeks . 
  fringe and its a more involved process as well outside of just a referendum . 
  let me get the hell out of texas first . 
  i do n't understand that either , netherlands was one of the countries i 've been wanting to visit , and i enjoyed it when i went too . 
  i do n't understand my fellow countrymen/women . 
  come to the southern us , we deep fry all sorts of sweets . 
  diabetes region right there . 
  something something red scare ... something something need more bootstraps . 
  well i can pay my tickets online in houston ... that 's a start at least . 
  it seems to be doing well in colorado . 
  there are some kinks being worked on there , but , for the most part it has n't been a major problem . 
  plus , the jobs that it has provided , along with many businesses opening up as well for this `` green rush '' ... i say after weighing the pros and cons , i say why not . 
  good grief , this is about to be another awful political clusterfuck . 
  crazy stuff . 
  you would have think these guys would have saw this coming after the whole wikileaks freezing with paypal . 
  they definitely deserve the praise . 
  the witcher series has been fantastic and i ca n't wait to get my hands on witcher 3 . 
  the sad thing is , those loonies are common as hell . 
  i bet you a very large amount of people believe in at least the nwo or illuminati . 
  this article headline definitely fits that . 
  though , i would n't say french citizens , just parisians honestly . 
  never had issues with the french outside of paris . 
  take the art pieces out first , and then let them blast away . 
  off-topic : but man do i miss mexico city , went in february back in 2012 and the weather was perfect the whole time i was there . 
  plus it was just an awesome city . 
  no they 're just lazy people who refuse to do any research . 
  anyone with a brain stem can do a simple google search before leaving to see what currencies work where . 
  what a bunch of assholes ... 
  my mind is exploding from the ridiculousness ... good grief people . 
  yep , she was only suppose to dish out verbal abuse , not physically hit them or anything . 
  i agree , korean unification is going to be complicated , if and when it does happen . 
  it 's definitely gon na hurt the sk economy for sure , and the social issues that will arise from it ... lots of problems there that could arise from it . 
  oh snap , though that beard was perfect . 
  plus it helps that living in texas is quite cheap compared to the other states in the us , and the energy ( specifically oil ) sector is huge here . 
  the great wars apparently . 
  the thing is though , this spying has been going for so damn long , that it kind of irks me in that people never knew about how the us has spied on the citizenry and other nations , along with other developed nations spying on other nations . 
  this has been going on for decades , and to me , its made me annoyed of snowden from the jump . 
  now , snowden has lost what little credibility he had and hopefully his circlejerk will die with it . 
  it 's hilarious at how folks make snowden out to be this big hero of `` freedom '' . 
  anyone who has study a small bit of history will know of how countries have spied on their citizens and other nations for so damn long . 
  the only differences is the process in going about it , and the technology that assists them in doing said spying . 
  i mean shit , the red scare in the us was essentially spying to weed out any communists and socialists in the nation . 
  snowden is just another person out for his own motives . 
  just like every other person in the world . 
  i actually visited netherlands a few weeks ago , loved the transit system there . 
  of course , me being an american that might not mean much to europeans as public transit in europe is well-developed and common compared to the us , but , i was just blown away at how connected the country was with the train service . 
  gah damn , i knew detroit was fucked up , but , holy shit . 
  for good reason , cryptsy have the signs of another mt.gox type of situation in the future . 
   if you did n't find your one true love during your college years , getting involved in a serious relationship is suddenly much less likely to happen . 
  at least , that 's my take on it . 
  those two sentences ring very true here in the us as well . 
  dating post-uni sucks pretty hard when you have limited time outside of work and in my case , running into career women all the time who can barely schedule anything past drinks and casual stuff , much less any form of dating . 
  it 's a lot of bullshit with that embargo , but , i 've snuck in plenty cigars . 
  i still tell my friends and co-workers to just simply fly through mexico to get to cuba . 
  i think this is based purely on an economic level . 
  singapore is a wealthy se asian nation and a lot of rich folks have bank accounts there to store their money . 
  in theory yes . 
  as raising the rates would mean less money for investors and consumers to spend on , hence less demand . 
  but , there is n't any full correlation between the two so its hard to predict how much of an influence interest rates have . 
  however it does play a role in the price : http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/08/oil-prices-interest-rates-correlated.asp, 
  eventually , problem is , we do n't know when . 
  most investors expected the fed to raise interest rates last week , and it did n't happen . 
  so we do n't know when , but , yeah it would push oil prices , but , not back to the levels of $ 100 + per barrel . 
  exactly , it does n't matter where they go . 
  they will take their mindset and culture with them . 
  it would just create a ghetto essentially . 
  and plus , we all know how the chinese government loves muslims ... they sure `` love '' the uyghurs . 
  i agree with that . 
  what goes up will come down and then back up again . 
  the main problem with oil prices is very few know when it will go back up . 
  so i share your pessimism about the concorde . 
  which is a shame since its such an awesome aircraft and just amazing at how fast its flights are . 
  well i would say you guys have a better way at tackling drug abuse ... at least compared to over here in the us . 
  the netherlands and second being england . 
  had a great time in both countries , made lots of new friends as well , two of them i can definitely say as best friends . 
  plus , me being a lover of sports being able to see a proper football and rugby match was a dream come true . 
  great countries for sure . 
  the state wo n't dissolve . 
  just that moscow will be weaker eventually . 
  putin wo n't live forever , and that is where the real problem will come in . 
  for as much as many dislike putin , he 's the one keeping shit together there . 
  once he leaves , there will be a power vacuum , and on top of that vacuum , will be the concern of the nuclear arsenal there . 
  that 's where the worrying about russia in the future there . 
  loooord ... 
  they do n't owe you shit . 
  if you dislike it that much , then make a retort , and put them in their place . 
  or wrapping it up . 
  i mean hell , condoms are n't expensive . 
  well hardware speaking , the phones were top-tier .
