  unfortunately , they chose the wrong os far too late . 
  they did n't adapt early enough ( not going with android when android was young ) , and even though the n95 was a god phone ( that came out a little earlier than the original iphone ) , they never thought about adapting and seeing how powerful apple really was at that time coming out with a product like that . 
  windows 10 for phones is actually pretty good ( my previous phone is a lumia 925 that i use to tinker with ) , but , its one of those too little too , late situations . 
  that 's what my history professor buddy is fearing . 
  the rush of americanization of the nation . 
  i mean there is some legit concerns of that , but , if you ask most cubans on the ground , they 're anxious for it . 
  because its better than what they currently have . 
  well hopefully with these recent developments in normalizing diplomatic ties , things will improve . 
  i really love cuba and the people there , and want the best for them . 
  especially since i have family there and was finally able to meet them not long ago . 
  thanks buddy !, 
  ah such a classic movie , that airplane . 
  learnt that nice and young from working at wal-mart as my first job ... have n't recovered any faith in humanity since . 
  now they 're gon na create funnybot . 
  just another day in america . 
  it 's why i 'm actively working on moving out . 
  fucht is being sarcastic , due to how the american media paints white psychos when things like this happen . 
  yet , if its a arabic person , they 're automatically an islamic terrorist , or if the person is black , they 're a `` thug or gang-banger '' . 
  so sad , but , so very true . 
  it 's just annoying and mind-blowing in the worst way . 
  when you tell people the truth about a nation 's history , and they just ignore and proudly proclaim it as the greatest place ever . 
  i use to get pretty mad over it , now , i just ignore it and focus on moving out . 
  oh i know , tell that to people who are punch drunk on ` merica , and the butthurt comes out in full force . 
  and we 're having a `` bang-up '' good time ... just look at dallas at the moment . 
  mexico is awesome indeed . 
  great people , great food , just hampered by a shitty government and cartels . 
  i need to go back there . 
  wish i could move to colombia personally . 
  visited it a few months ago , and absolutely loved the people out there . 
  felt more at home there than here . 
  platini needs more rubles obviously . 
  yeah it depends on where in russia , in which the sting is felt . 
  at least based off of the few russian friends i skype with . 
  majority of them are ok , one is a lawyer though in tomsk , and she is kind of struggling a bit . 
  * vince mcmahon voice * we 're taking their women , damnit !, 
  the japanese and their karaoke skills would destroy life in eurovision . 
  it has begun ... 
  they 'll have to tow their `` super '' tanks in . . 
   but for it to work we need drones with precision guided bullets ( which we apparently recently finished developing ) rather than missiles . 
  darpa ... that guided bullets video was absolutely amazing and will be a game-changer in a good and possibly bad way . 
  but a game-changer nonetheless . 
  ay fuck those guys , i 've been watching it . 
  elections are important regardless as our local-national governments eventually will have to work with them . 
  to just ignore that because of a lack of perceived `` relevance '' is simply ignorant . 
  especially in this day and age of a smaller , more connected world . 
  yeah , at the end of the day , a good chunk of the political left in the us , would probably be considered center or center right . 
  while our right-wing is practically on the edge of falling off the spectrum :p . 
  happy independence day !!, 
  party it up !, 
  well with all the budget cuts to the armed forces here , its obvious obama does n't want to deal with it . 
  i ca n't blame him honestly . 
  yeah sadly we 'll have to wait for them to die out for that embargo to be lifted at this rate . 
  but what obama has done so far has been amazing , and i really ca n't wait to go visit cuba as its one of the places i really want to go to . . at least without all the loophole flights . 
  ca n't wait for the christmas world cup ... ugh . 
  exactly , and most americans do n't hold a passport , and as you said , vacation and the idea of vacation here is viewed as `` lazy '' hence the crappy 2-weeks of vacation time being standard . 
  why i 'm working hard on making freelance programming to work for me . 
  tired of being stuck in a damn office and at the will of a company on when i can get away from work . 
  pretty sad is n't it ? 
  cause i really loved turkey when i visited it back in 2012 . 
  now i have some of my atheist turk friends looking elsewhere , and i 'm currently helping one with their application to my alma mater for grad school . 
  sad , but , when you let religion poison something , its near impossible to reverse it ... at least in the short-term . 
  categorically ? 
  they 're enablers , they outnumber the extremists and as such have power in numbers to change and reform islam , instead they do nothing . 
  yes there are those that are out there calling for change and good on them . 
  however , the majority of them do nothing and in fact some support it . 
  in my eyes , enablers are worst than the extremists as they have allowed this to occur within their own religious community . 
  exactly , and honestly , the `` liberal '' and `` moderate '' muslims are worst than the extremists as they enable those fucks to do these attacks in western europe . 
  just like what bill maher brought up in religulous . 
  i just do n't see it islam being reformed and modernized at all as at that point , the religion will slowly become irrelevant just like how christianity is going through in the west at the moment with declining church populations . 
   my mention to texas was only about the reactionary and not being very progressive . 
  and what polish government is doing , is going backwards and being very reactionary . 
  do n't worry , i live in texas and hate it . 
  only here for the work , and i 'm out of here in 2-3 years . 
  it really is full of crazy christians and a crippled governor who refuses to sign any bill on marijuana even though his own republican constituents are in favor of legalization . 
  i think the poster made a typo . 
  i think they meant , `` the question is : what ca n't destabilize europe ? 
  uk or the us are your best bets for sure . 
  we ca n't get enough engineers here as is so you guys definitely can make it here . 
  absolute shame what is happening there :( . 
  as is tradition . 
  they can vote in primaries , but , not in the general election . 
  exactly , that inevitable power vacuum is going to be a serious concern in the future . 
  especially with the fact that russia holds nukes as well . 
  cheers !!, 
  definitely will !, 
  nice nice !!!, 
  that is some awesome plans you have !!!, 
  i 'll be transferring out to the company 's branch in amsterdam . 
  really enjoyed the country out there and the people as well , so i 'm excited to get the opportunity to work and live there for a while . 
  high five !!, 
  where are you heading to ? 
  if you do n't mind me asking . 
  no point in stressing myself out of something i have no control over ya know . 
  i 'm with you on that . 
  it is one of the most in-demand fields of work , and its not too hard to make a jump into that field . 
  i went from working in media into it , and it took me a year but , its not impossible . 
  the resources are available , and there are subreddits that help as well . 
  nope , i 've already got my transfer papers in and approved . 
  the people make their decisions and even though i dislike it , i just simply go elsewhere . 
  keeps my life simple .
