  self-determination , if the people chose to vote this route , there is n't much one can do , but , find a place that falls more in line with their beliefs and for a better opportunity and a more preferred life . 
  i honestly do n't blame people wanting to leave . 
  man , i had like three turk friends of mine ask me about the work and travel program a good few days ago . 
  they really want to get the hell out . 
  guess they saw the writing on the wall . 
  :( sucks seeing turkey go this route . 
  as a texan , most texans here prefer to stay in the union . 
  all of the secessionists are just old people praising something they never experienced or properly read up about when it came to the texan republic . 
  even if we were able to secede , the state would n't be able to fully afford to manage all the resources anyway . 
  unfortunately , its always the loud-mouth idiots that get all the exposure in media for ratings . 
  uk is a whole different animal compared to texas and as such is n't a fair comparison . 
  that 's cause the muslims who move here ( to the us ) tend to have money and are also better educated compared to the ones who are migrating to europe . 
  getting us citizenship ai n't cheap and its definitely not easy . 
  yeah and the latin immigrants for the most part integrate well since they share the religion ( mostly ) as most americans . 
  less cultural problems when you believe the same deity . 
  but they are some of the hardest working people that i personally know . 
  extremely true about vietnamese immigrants . 
  most have done well in the us business wise , or in the medical field/stem . 
  demographics and culture definitely play a role . 
  the only relevant third option in this electio is the libertarian party , and i refuse to support anything related to libertarianism . 
  damn , now thats an interesting set up . 
  yeah nieto 's privatization of oil has really pushed things there . 
  as much as i dislike him ... 
  he 's always been his bitch . 
  nothing new here . 
  yep the company i work has a colocation that we manage there . 
  would love to get transferred there as the netherlands and their people hold a special place in my heart . 
  corbyn is n't going to do a damn thing . 
  come off that mess . 
  let me leave this shit state first please lol . 
  our country has been divided since the revolutionary war . 
  ai n't shit changed here . 
  humans going to human . 
  depressing . 
  i 'm only going there to be disappointed by everton ... again * shrug *, 
  we definitely have tons of fat losers here who will go after any slag there for sure . 
  just copped me a shoebox apartment in london on the cheap * shrug *, 
  then explain it to them instead of throwing insults . 
  you are no better than op is . 
  brits ca n't even trust themselves with how divisive this vote has been . 
  just throw pork on fire at them . 
  problem solved . 
  * shrugs *, 
  scotland is chuckin the deuce to england for sure at this point . 
  theres no way back from it . 
  time to buy me a shoebox in london fam !!, 
  i know how you feel fam . 
  the battle is ongoing here too . 
  just keep up the fight and in time it will get better . 
  they 're too busy getting the referendum ready at this point . 
  just giving some suggestions , but , they do have coverage of it . 
  i 'm just streaming bbc . 
  maybe cnn ? 
  their website has stuff on it for sure . 
  could be , could not be . 
  only time can properly respond to a statement like that . 
  just interesting to see as an outsider how divided the uk is over this . 
  mortal kombat : armageddon gets a remake . 
  time to cash in , then cash out , then bro down . 
  hahaha i 'm sorry that description of sturgeon was gold . 
  not like i have choice do i ? 
  even though i 'm a bernie supporter , i 'll begrudgingly vote hilary . 
  especially scotland . 
  oh of course its a massive generational battle that is taking place . 
  mainly milennials vs boomers as both share roughly the same voting power based on population . 
  unfortunately , young people do n't vote . 
  so the boomers just maintain their own status quo . 
  definitely could be the first spark towards another one . 
  kinda is an understatement . 
  this has been brewing for the longest , and honestly with obama being elected it exploded . 
  coupled that along with social media spreading ignorance on both sides , you now have the political environment that we have here . 
  it 's depressing . 
  i 've given up on the american election . 
  the fact that trump has gotten the repub nom shows there is no hope . 
  most likely clinton will win due to how many voting blocs trump has alienated ( especially latinos which have become a real political force in the booth ) . 
  but yeah , what a mess . 
  honestly no . 
  reason being in those previous decades , things were not as transparent as they are now . 
  plus , with the lack of information openess back in those timeframes , the public either ate up what was being presented to them or ignored it . 
  the only real anti-war moment that had significance was during the vietnam war , and unfortunately that anger and frustration was taken out on the soldiers themselves more than the leadership . 
  yet even with that , military enrollment was still good . 
  compare that to now , where there is far more information available , along with parents not wanting their children to enlist , the poor results of iraq , afghanistan , and rise of other political beliefs in the us outside of the standard liberal and conservative political thought , less and less people want to be canon fodder . 
  which is a good thing . 
  yep , military budget cuts , less people enrolling into the armed forces here . 
  definitely a sign of the times of people in the us are fatigued of conflict . 
  hell , nearly the entirety of the 2000s ( outside of 2000 ) has been filled with us military involvement . 
  exactly , cause i bet you , most americans with guns do not have proper training for them . 
  coupled that with those who would be loyal to the government most likely having training ... yeah ... you get my point . 
  but i agree in the case of having protection against criminals and burglary . 
  we out here fam  . 
  reason being at least for me , i find european and latin american history/politics far more interesting than american history and politics . 
  i know , but its our shit government . 
  i have had no say in the foreign policy of this country , and am working towards leaving it anyway . 
  fair point there ... but with how these nations in the middle east do n't even assist one another in crises , i do n't really see how a caliphate could be formed anyway . 
  oh of course , their goal is to isolate muslim majority nations from the west to create division and ultimately form a caliphate being the ultimate end-goal . 
  it 's absolutely a shame that it appears they were succeed . 
  true on those points . 
  that 's what i 'm definitely interested to see and is a big issue is eu citizen rights post-brexit as there are a lot of eu folks living and working in the uk at the moment . 
  definitely will be a mess of an issue for sure . 
  welp , they 're gon na have to get another citizenship in that case , or learn a skill thats in-demand .
