  i realize that the number of refugees norway has received is dwarfed when compared to sweden , but we 're already at breaking point . 
  closing the bridge would probably light a fire under the asses of the danes . 
  they would in turn close of their borders , and the refugees will be stuck in germany . 
  that should get merkel moving in the right direction . 
  submarines to the rescue !, 
  merkel can solve her own problems . 
  she 's looking to dump the migrants on her neighbors now that the political climate in germany has shifted . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/landtage/index.htm ) site aggregates polls . 
  glonass is getting better and better , but still has coverage problems outside the pole areas it 's optimized for . 
  combing gps , glonass and the new european galileo will yield excellent coverage and precision more or less all over the world , especially in the areas where european militaries operate . 
  i 'd wager that had greece defaulted and existed the euro in 2009 , their situation today would be the same or better , only with less debt . 
  the current austerity politics only serves to contract to economy further whilst enduring the foreign bond holders get their due . 
  greece keeps backsliding into no or negative growth without no prospects of paying their debts within the next century . 
  this shows the absurdity of the commission 's proposals . 
  they do nothing to control acquisition of illegal firearms , but want to severely restrict legal access to firearms . 
  the end result is that millions of hunters and sports shooters will be severely restricted as to what firearms they can buy and how they buy them , whilst terrorists and criminals will keep buying their stuff on the black market . 
  what worries me is what happens when the next terrorist attack happens . 
  the commission will look at the stricter firearms legislation they imposed and conclude that it was n't enough , further limiting access to law-abiding citizens . 
  if you 're a citizen of country a without formal representation in the eu , i recommend that you give monetary support to organizations like firearms united , which work to ensure the rights of firearms owners across europe , whether or not you 're a hunter or a sports shooter . 
  a little heads up : the proposed changes will do little to restrict terrorists access to arms . 
  most of the changes will only address law abiding citizens access to guns and magazines . 
  it also makes it very difficult for people in rural areas to get guns and ammunition , as any transaction must happen trough an authorized dealer . 
  that means that people who previously purchased ammunition and got it delivered by post now have to travel hours by car to get it delivered by authorized dealers . 
  i ca n't speak on account of other countries , but the current system in norway works great . 
  anyone wanting to sell restricted parts have to send in a signed form to the police , so they can keep track of transactions . 
  the new proposed eu rules only affect law abiding citizens , while terrorist can easily circumvent the proposed laws . 
  the current proposed laws basically boils down to restricting law abiding citizen 's access to arms , and not terrorists . 
  i urge any gun owner in the eu to lobby their representatives to change the proposed law to ensure that terrorists are deprived of access to arms , and not law abiding citizens . 
  iceland did n't crash to due having its own currency . 
  i 'd argue that iceland controlling its own currency made it much easier to bounce back from the finciancal meltdown . 
  i 'm sure greece would be in a better state today had it not adopted the euro . 
   mr. stiglitz described the euro as a tragic mistake , a currency begun without the necessary political integration or clear thinking about its fundamental flaws . 
  the euro was compromised from inception by an ill-conceived structure , and its troubles have been amplified by wrongheaded economic policies imposed by the most powerful countries as conditions for bailing out those worst ensnared by crisis . 
  that basically sums it up . 
  economists warned about the structural problems of the euro when it was proposed , but the politicians felt such a prestigious project had to be carried through . 
  economists correctly pointed out what would happen , with a strong north and a weak southern europe . 
  i wish eu politicians focused more on actually making the project work than `` making the project '' . 
  ah yes , this is going to be fun . 
  nope . 
  there 's no reason to believe that turkey has nuclear weapons , unless they managed to build , run and hide a top secret nuclear facility . 
  you might be thinking of the nuclear weapons stored at the american military base ? 
  those are under the direct control of us forces . 
  what about `` france is france '' , juncker ? 
  let 's fix the eurozone while we 're at it . 
  either we go the whole mile and creates an actual fiscal and economic union , or we drop the euro . 
  the semi-implentation we currently have is utterly stupid and broken , as was pointed out by economists before the introduction of the euro . 
  instead of taking a step back and addressing the issue , the eu elite decided to go through with the prestigious project . 
  the effects of which can clearly be seen in the economical troubles of southern europe . 
  economists warned that it would end badly , and correctly predicted that northern europe would outstrip southern europe in terms of production and growth once they left free floating currencies . 
  like a lot of eu 's projects , it was carried through with the knowledge that the implementation was poor and partial . 
  i guess the hope was that a crisis would push through more federalism . 
  yet another example of a project where prestige is more important than actually implementing policies that benefit the block as a whole . 
  i though we had agreed on italeave ? 
  it 's popular in norway too . 
  repent the color of your skin !, 
   i 'd rather not thing about the hell that would break if someone tried to blow up the pope here . 
  that might actually trigger a new crusade . 
  i 've never said that native europeans never kill anyone . 
  the post i commented on asked if machete killings were syrian culture . 
  i simply pointed out that native europeans do n't use machetes . 
  it does seem like machete is the weapon of choice for arabs and north africans , indicating a certain cultural affinity . 
  i 'm saying that machete seems to be the weapon of choice for arabs and north africans . 
  i ca n't remember a native european ever attacking people on the street with a machete . 
  after fn had been blacklisted by almost every bank in france . 
  it 's not like russia was le pen 's first choice . 
  i do n't approve of accepting money that might be tainted with putin , but she did n't have much of a choice after being stonewalled by the establishment . 
  the great purge continues . 
   being a rather nordic country , i 'd suspect many of them are quite chubby . 
  you need some blubber to survive the winter cold . 
   you forgot about pessimistic mentality , lack of sunlight in winter i live in constant darkness for 4 months , beat that . 
  when they all wear niqabs of course, 
   police say the motive for the attack remains ` vague ' but local media reports state the attacker had made references to the females being ` too lightly dressed ' . 
  damn , the amish are at it again !, 
   too true . 
  and when pressed on hard matters , they say they 'll just hold a referendum . 
  that 's more honest than the parties that claim some position before and election then promptly goes back on it as soon as they win . 
  referendums are not perfect , but atleast people get a direct say on a matter rather than having to hope that the parties they voted for wo n't leave their claimed position due to some internal or external pressure . 
  if the produce is not being bougth because of how it looks , producers wo n't try to sell them . 
  free market does actually create some implicit standards when it comes to look and feel of a product . 
  that being said , explicit written standards are superior . 
  but do n't for a moment pretend that we 'd have a bunch of helix shaped unsellable bananas if it were n't for the eu . 
  sure , having a million turks flowing into the eu is sure to quell eu scepticism !, 
  the eu needs to address to concerns of its people first and foremost if it wants to survive the coming decade . 
  do n't forget to slap a little `` built/supported/made possibly by the eu '' sticker on stuff . 
  that way people get a more positive attitude towards the project . 
  the fact that the stuff in question often , in the western parts of europe , was built largley or solely by national funding routed through the eu in an inefficient manner is less important . 
  edit : fixed a typo . 
  just keep the wind direction in mind . 
  reddit , we did it !, 
  i feel sad for those who got stabbed with a knife or hit with an axe . 
  the perpetrator , not so much . 
  yes , the detonator is the most difficult thing to construct on modern nuclear weapons . 
  still , they 're designed and built in such a way that they 're very difficult to pick apart and reuse . 
   now only if he can get those 90 american nukes . . 
  the weapons are pretty worthless without the codes to arm the war heads . 
  they could conceivable extract the radioactive material and repurpose them in their own weapons , but that process would be slow and complicated . 
  i doubt erdogan dares to steal american nukes . 
  yeah , planning a coup is not a small offence . 
  it 's `` simple '' . 
  a group of high ranking officers plan out the coup in advance , keeping the number of people in the know low .
