  and then there 's the war in yemen . 
  the whole region is already unstable to begin with , and a spark at the right place and time can set it off . 
  it seems so , but the text is extremely convoluted . 
  it might just be the fact that i 'm not a native english speaker and that the legalese is too much for me . 
  2016 is the year that just keeps giving . 
  let 's hope this is not our generation 's version of what happened to franz ferdinand . 
  edit : not yet confirmed : holy shit , his/a body guard killed him . 
  this begs the question if this is just one crazy person or if a security or intelligence organization had a finger in the play . 
  edit2 : some sources indicate that the perpetrator was not the ambassador 's body guard , but someone who entered the venue with a police id . 
  cnn turk said there were reports that the assailant had entered the gallery with a police id and had opened fire on the ambassador as he made a speech . 
  edit3 : waiting for what sort of spin erdogan and the russians will put on this and who they blame, 
  got it . 
  do n't listen to the old crazy guy . 
  hmm ... 
  this text is just confusing . 
  it seems like stage 1 requires `` just '' 1/3 of the states to start an `` investigation '' . 
  stage 2 requires unanimity ( excluding the state in question ) to pass to stage 3 where they can remove voting rights by simple qmv . 
  but this part makes me wonder if 4/5 is needed :  according to article 7 , on the proposal of one third of eu countries , or of the commission or of the european parliament , the council , acting by a majority of four fifths of its members , having obtained the european parliament 's consent , may determine that there is a clear risk of a serious breach of these fundamental principles by an eu country , and address appropriate recommendations to it . 
  edit : anyways , seems like hungary or any other single state can block 2 . of article 7, 
  the good old liberum veto edit : seems like you can take away voting rights by 4/5 majority . 
  article 7  1 . 
  on a reasoned proposal by one third of the member states , by the european parliament or by the european commission , the council , acting by a majority of four fifths of its members after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine that there is a clear risk of a serious breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 . 
  before making such a determination , the council shall hear the member state in question and may address recommendations to it , acting in accordance with the same procedure . 
  the council shall regularly verify that the grounds on which such a determination was made continue to apply . 
  the european council , acting by unanimity on a proposal by one third of the member states or by the commission and after obtaining the consent of the european parliament , may determine the existence of a serious and persistent breach by a member state of the values referred to in article 2 , after inviting the member state in question to submit its observations . 
  where a determination under paragraph 2 has been made , the council , acting by a qualified majority , may decide to suspend certain of the rights deriving from the application of the treaties to the member state in question , including the voting rights of the representative of the government of that member state in the council . 
  in doing so , the council shall take into account the possible consequences of such a suspension on the rights and obligations of natural and legal persons . 
  suspension clause :  article 7 of the treaty on european union allows for the possibility of suspending eu membership rights ( such as voting rights in the council ) if a country seriously and persistently breaches the principles on which the eu is founded ( liberty , democracy , respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms , and the rule of law ) . 
  nevertheless , that country 's membership obligations remain binding . 
   according to article 7 , on the proposal of one third of eu countries , or of the commission or of the european parliament , the council , acting by a majority of four fifths of its members , having obtained the european parliament 's consent , may determine that there is a clear risk of a serious breach of these fundamental principles by an eu country , and address appropriate recommendations to it . 
   article 354 of the treaty on the functioning of the european union lays down the voting procedures to be used by the main european institutions when an eu country faces the application of article 7 . 
  the country in question does not take part in the vote . 
  it does not figure in the calculation of the one third of countries required for the proposal or the four fifths required for the majority . 
  parliament 's consent requires a two-thirds majority . 
   you ignore that this rhetoric only came up after we allowed in refugees . 
  therefore , calling it the `` reasoning '' is misled . 
  i do n't know what the rhetoric was like in germany at the time , but in norway and sweden politicians have talked about the positive economic effect of refugees and asylum seekers for more than a decade . 
  the norwegian politicians stopped 2 years ago once government statistics showed how they 're a monumental economic drain . 
  sweden is still doing it , but they 're obsessed with their image of being a `` humanitarian superpower ''  so much for theory , what about reality ? 
  if you can not deport them to the first safe country , you do not really have an option . 
  we could not deport people to syria , lebanon , turkey or greece . 
  in that case build detention camps as close as possible to the point of entry and keep them there . 
  i see no reason for us to uphold the conventions we signed if no one else is . 
   nobody is contesting that . 
  however , we should keep those that make a positive contribution to our society and economy . 
  yes they are . 
  politicians , especially on the left , get all teary eyed and protest whenever we try to deport people back to their now safe countries . 
  it 's fucking insanity . 
  those who have learned the language and made a real effort to integrate and are contributing positively to society should be allowed to stay . 
  the rest can rebuild their countries like the europeans did after wwi and wwii . 
   hand boris johnson a microphone [ ... ] a zipline and two flags would also work . 
   you could have helped several times the numbe if you had helped increasing the humanitarian situation in camps . 
  easily . 
  but then the politicians in question ca n't be seen hugging and greeting the newly arrived brown people . 
  you got ta think of the image !, 
  edit : and also urge everyone to let the refugees into their home and hearts , and even perhaps make a comment yourself how you 'll house refugee . 
  then ofc do n't do it . 
  which is why politicians should act on whatever actually makes sense instead of chasing poll numbers . 
  we had the same thing in norway , the leader of the biggest opposition party held a emotional speech on how his party would press the government to accept 10,000 syrian refugees . 
  he got standing ovation , as everyone were crying their eyes out because of the syrian refugees . 
  then the wave hit europe and the sentiment changed . 
  suddenly the same guy stated that his party 's asylum policies were at least as strict as our far right party who for years have tried `` de-sign '' norway from the refugee conventions . 
  we even had asylum seekers saying how people smugglers had shown them the clip were he `` invited them '' . 
  he refused to acknowledge that his speech had any effect on the numbers coming . 
  now all he does is to talk about the dangers of rhetoric and how important language is when it comes to how politicians are perceived by the people . 
  god damn idiot . 
   the geneva convention . 
  that is the reason why countries take in refugees . 
  read on it . 
  i know the geneva convention , thank you very much . 
  it does not change the fact that politicians love to play the `` refugees make economic sense '' card . 
  every metric shows how they drain the social safety net of western states , yet some people claim they 're beneficial . 
  they 're certainly not . 
  also , you 're referring to the convention relating to the status of refugees , also known as the 1951 convention . 
  the geneva convention refers to rules of war . 
  perhaps you should read the geneva convention . 
   and if you disagree , ask for it to be changed , openly and honestly . 
  it does n't have to be changed , only applied as intended . 
  every asylum seeker should and must apply for asylum in the first safe country . 
  if necessary they should be redistributed from there , but they should and must not be allowed to `` shop '' for the best country . 
  rejected claims must be returned asap , and their country of origin should accept them in accordance with international law . 
  secondly , they must return once the country the fled from is safe again , unless a long time has gone by ( 3-5 is not enough , the limit should be closer to 10 years ) . 
  it 's adorable !, 
  it looks like something you could throw together in your garage . 
  [ luna 2 ] ( http://www.historytoday.com/sites/default/files/luna_2_soviet_moon_probe.jpg ) is also neat , very pointy, 
  i just love the looks of russian/soviet engineering !, 
  just take a look at their [ moonlander ] ( https://www.wired.com/wp-content/uploads/images_blogs/wiredscience/2010/10/mai-lunar-craft-2-russo_0.jpg ) very steampunky, 
  in order to pay for and offset a larger and larger ratio of our population becoming old and unproductive , we most import even more unproductive people , just young ones . 
  the logic is flawless / s, 
  poor thing was just looking for jam and ended up in the frozen pizza section . 
  better than a bald faced lie, 
  i 'll have you know my haircut has remained the same over the years , regardless of whatever the newest fashion fad . 
  namely because i do n't really have any hair , but that 's a different story !, 
  wait for me , got ta dig out the helmet and axe from the basement !, 
  just the kind of people europe needs !, 
  12 weeks is the current , and has been for a while , cut off point in norway , though extentions can be granted in certain cases when a board of doctors find it necessary . 
  frp in norway is not really that into russia . 
  there are fringe elements in the party that advocate better relationship with russia even after crimea , but it 's more about the fact that russia could steamroll us if they wanted to . 
  our membership in nato is by no means up for discussion . 
  but seriously : what part has fishing played in terms of feeding ireland 's population ?
