  once the plan is ready to be set in motion order the troops under your command to execute the plan , hoping that they 'll comply with their officer 's orders . 
  let 's be honest , most of the so-called labour parties across europe have abandoned what used to be their core voters . 
  when the working class detest immigration based on wage suppression and competition on the labour and hosing markets , a lot of the left wing politicians write is off as pure rasiscm . 
  the politicians themselves live in nice neighborhoods , and their exposure to imigration is limited to the nice local indian restaurant . 
  do n't forget the whole class war thing the left is so fond of . 
  the fact that most islamist terrorists in europe has been highly educated is simply an inconvenient truth . 
  that 's like reconciling been a vegetarian and only eating meat . 
  thank you !, 
  i really like the troll a platform . 
  it 's probably the coolest piece of norwegian engineering i know of . 
  the size and complexity of the platform is staggering , and the fact that they moved the damn thing trough a narrow and shallow fjord is just insane . 
  i wish i could 've been a fly on the wall when the engineers proposed the way to build and transport it . 
  troll a also represents the apex of norwegian oil and gas exploration . 
  it 's was built completely in norway and has a long list of world records and world 's first . 
  it represents an era of great confidence in the future aswell as an unwavering attitude to get done whatever needs to be done . 
  today the cost of production in norway means that most platforms are completely or partially built in asia then transported to norway by ship . 
  the newer platforms are smaller and more `` off the shelf '' with standardized components and engineering . 
  a great way to reduce cost , but much less impressive than the troll a platform . 
  they also had to stop firing live rounds centimeters away from applicants head to test stress response . 
  i did n't know our specials forces did that kind of stuff . 
   no sanctions for france and italy . 
   germany , whose trade surplus is above the maximum limit , will also face no sanctions . 
  all animals are equal , but some are more equal than other and so on . 
  they 're losing money !, 
  quickly , fine them !, 
  yeah , the initial statfjord a hull was lost when the wall of one of the legs collapsed while undergoing immersion testing due to a combination of undersized components and poor manufacturing of materials . 
  it 's still , to this day , the most expensive offshore accident in norwegian history . 
  the boss of the company that messed up was called into a meeting with the ceo of statoil . 
  he naturally expected to be yelled at , but statoil only wanted to know if a new hull could be built within the original planned completion date . 
  edit : the impact force of the hull striking the seafloor of the fjord registered as a 3 on the richthers scale . 
  it has huge ballast tanks attached to the outside of the legs to weigh it down . 
  the large metal cables you can see in the picture are attached to a large concrete slab embedded in the sea floor . 
  a combination of moving slowly , a low center of gravity , ballast tanks that can be filled and emptied of water to balance the platform and hydrodynamic legs that have an efficient cross section to `` cut through '' the water with little resistance . 
  afaik it was a one time thing , though i guess it can easily be repeated if you want to . 
  it 's probably a hassle to move all the equipment onto the platform and then lower it into the leg . 
  it depends . 
  some platform , `` jack-ups '' , are designed to be moved frequently around . 
  they 're usually used to drill test wells or as semi-permanent drilling platforms if the life expectancy of the oil/gas field is low . 
  troll a was designed to have a `` life '' of about 60 years , and it 's unlikely to ever be moved again , apart from when it will eventually be decommissioned . 
  one can usually extract most or all of the oil in an oilfield without moving the platforms , though local geology can make it necessary to either pump in liquid/gas to `` push '' the remaining resources out . 
  sometimes an oilfield might actually consist of several distinct and separated `` pockets '' of oil and gas . 
  in those cases , you either have to drill horizontally to pierce through the walls of the chambers , or just use several drilling platforms . 
  the troll a platform is a marvel of modern engineering . 
  the amount of new technology they had to develop in order to build is is staggering . 
  the legs were manufactured using a process called continues pouring , where new concrete is continuously poured into a movable mold to create one continuous piece of concrete . 
  doing it in stages would risk creating fault lines and weak concrete joints that could snap due to wind , waves or just the outside pressure of sea water . 
  even moving the platform was extremely difficult , as the fjord narrows and becomes shallower at several points . 
  a natural under sea channel had to be widened to accommodate the platform , at one point the clearance to either side was approximately 10 meters . 
  it took [ 10 ] ( http://img.gfx.no/1802/1802415/troll%20a%2019950609071036.905x703.jpg ) computer controlled tugboats to move the platform through the narrow parts . 
  yes , they need to inspect the legs regularly , and the only way to do that is from the inside . 
  it looks really [ cool ] ( http://lh6.ggpht.com/-21-ww8pashs/ut9ivo9sohi/aaaaaaaamjq/ahw4l0gub90/troll-platform-23.jpg?imgmax=800 ), 
  the picture shows the platform as it was being towed to its final destination . 
  the oilfield where troll a was supposed to be placed was so deep that it would not be feasible to build the platform on-site . 
  the platform was built in one of the norwegian fjords , the only problem was that the platform would be go too deep into the water to clear the shallow parts of the fjord . 
  it was decided that the platform would be built in a local shipyard , floated , tugged by tugboats and then anchored to the seabed . 
  the apex of troll a currently sits 169 meters above sea level . 
  the troll a platform also holds the world record for the tallest and heaviest man-made structure ever moved . 
  the platform also set a record in 2006 , when katie melua held a concert at the bottom of one of the legs , 303 meters below the surface . 
  i still think it was worth it :-), 
  he 's got ta look british you know , if he wants to win all the nationalist votes . 
  does the amount of denied voted exced the split between remain and leave ? 
  if not there is no need to rerun the referendum . 
  one should however make sure that this does n't happen in the future . 
  yeah , he has a tendency to get in on the right side of almost any bet . 
  as i said , he 's a crafty bastard . 
  i agree , but soros has proven to be one crafty , scheming bastard . 
  he broke the boe currency peg , causing huge loses for the uk . 
  he has apparently provided funding to organizations organizing and helping migrants to ensure that they do n't register in the first schengen country . 
  he has also given money to organisations running black live matters and anti-trump protest . 
  he might `` just '' be a billionaire , but it 's obvious that he has his finger stuck into a lot of different pies . 
  i do n't think any of the member states want to set a precedent were ignoring referendums gets your voting privileges taken away . 
  if uk , among other things , displays a lack of democracy . 
  i ca n't really show how they would use article 7 in this case without getting really creative . 
  and then uk just stops paying their member fee altogether . 
  yeah . 
  unless the eu finds some sort of legal loophole to get rid of them . 
  they could , with proper council and parliament vote remove uk 's rights to vote in the eu . 
  perhaps the eu should be less sucky so that the population does n't vote to leave ? 
  quickly , we must use this as a distraction and retake jemtland !, 
   like a pound of lead hehe . 
  let 's be honest , the other parties just keep their mouths shut when it comes to the eu . 
  they silently pass the directives and try not to make a fuss so the voters see what 's going on . 
  everytime an unpopular directive come along they mumble something about our power to veto directives . 
  once the public calms down they pass it . 
  there are currently two parties opposed to the eu with influence , sv ( socialist left party ) and sp ( centre party ) . 
  sv is currently run by a guy who 's the embodiment of an angry communist and blames literally any problem on the dirty capitalists . 
  sp is pretty moderate , but only really popular with farmers as they keep promising huge farming subsidies . 
  my point is , there are no parties you can vote for if you 're opposed to the eu unless you 're a farmer or a communist . 
  i agree that law enforcement fucked up big-time . 
  there is however no doubt that the overload caused by the massive wave of migrants made it much easier to enter schengen for those with sinister goals . 
   is anyone pursuing this in court ? 
  to have it revoked ? 
  or is this impossible ? 
  not yet . 
  i guess that in the end the supreme court could rule the change unconstitutional and effectively null the change , but i have no doubt that our eu happy politicians would find a way to implement it . 
  the political landscape is pretty shitty now . 
  the only two eu sceptic parties with any influence make up 10-12 % of the votes in the parliament . 
  even with 70 % of the people wanting nothing more to do with the eu , the politicians quietly keep handing power away . 
  ah , yes . 
  the whole `` terrorists posing as refugees to enter europe '' is a backwards , xenophobic and bigoted thought .
