  fast forward a couple of months and bataclan happens , were at least two of the terrorists posed as refugees . 
  did oliver bother to makr a segment on his huge mistake ? 
  no way . 
  we are doing our best , but our politicians keep on handing power to the eu . 
  last week they gave control of overseeing the finance industry to bruxelles , even though it might have been in violation of our constitution . 
  they did n't even bother to postpone the vote past the summer , so legal experts could work out any problems . 
  now power has been handed over , and it 's not possible to take it back without severing our ties with the eu completely . 
  most of which has already been tapped . 
  we still have a few rivers and waterfall that can be used for new hydropower plants , but the majority of our hydro resources are already in use . 
  they 're currently talking about turning norway into the european battery . 
  using excess power from wind and solar to pump water back into the dams . 
  that way sunny/windy periods were more power is produced than consumed can be used to store energy as pumped water in giant dams . 
  it would however require us to dam up even more valleys , which is very unpopular as it totally wrecks the local ecosystem . 
  yeah , we do . 
  it 's however designed to account for the budget shortfall once the oil and gas income goes down , which it definitely has over the last year . 
  most it will be needed to cover future pension obligations and other social expenses , it 's probably not going to be big enough to pay for pensions , cover the loss of oil income and whatever stupid stuff the national parliament comes up with . 
  and the government is shitting their pants . 
  the budgetary cost of what they 're asked to implement is mind numbing . 
  he can always make a pinky swear , 
  i agree that the polls have been all over the place . 
  this is due to varying weightings , online vs telephone and time spans . 
  still , the recent trend , last 1-2 weeks , has been in leave 's favor . 
  the poll of polls has yet to take account of the last orb polls . 
  last night we had a debate on itv , and the remain camp did poorly . 
  the recent shift might be an indication of that , but it 's to early to say if this poll is an outlier or not . 
  boris being the curchill of our time is a kind of sad thought . 
  i have noticed that he has picked up and replicated some of churchill antics , but he can be a bit of a bumbling idiot at times . 
  orb has done a bunch of brexit polls , most of which have been pro-remain . 
  first of all , does junker even have to ability of self reflection ? 
  secondly , if it all seems lost for the eu already , why not make a last ditch effort to keep uk in ? 
  it 's going to be interesting to see if junker or someone else in the eu makes a last ditch effort to keep uk in if the polls indicate a leave as we close in on the referendum date . 
  look at [ it ] ( http://www.militaryfactory.com/smallarms/imgs/kentucky-long-rifle.jpg ) , the optimal weapon for a terrorist !, 
  with a huge length , high weight , a loading time of 20-30 sec per shot and a range and accuracy that can barley rival a compund bow . 
  what self respecting jihadist would use something like that ? 
  they have even proposed changes to make muskets more difficult to obtain . 
  why the fuck would terrorists use muzzle loaded muskets !, 
  this is , as you said , not about terrorism , but about de-arming the european population . 
  and they do it by going after law abiding gun owners . 
  this is not going to keep terrorists from smuggling weapons in from outside the eu . 
  there is no doubt in my mind that european colonization messed up africa , even though it was pretty messed up to begin with . 
  the most problematic part of the colonization is how we ended it . 
  european power abruptly pulled out of many countries . 
  white men had run the countries for a long time and few natives were thought how to run and manage their societies . 
  had we pulled out over time and gradually handed more power over to the natives over time its likely that the societies would like very different today . 
  just packing up your bags and leaving over night taking with you all skilled people who ran the administrations without leaving something behind messes up the stability of the state . 
  damn it !, 
  i though the eu managed something fun for once . 
  well , that 's one for two . 
  i saw a video clip of some protesters trying to burn an eu flag , but they could n't get it to burn due to inflammable material regulations . 
  imagine the shit storm if there 's a brexit and the politicians end up making a deal people feel goes against what they voted for . 
   jean-claude juncker , that waddling , chain-smoking booze cabinet , would be lucky to finish his term without shooting his own liver or smoking out his own lungs . 
  farage and junker are quite similar in that way . 
  do n't say that , we might see farage and juncker in a drunken fist fight . 
   of course . 
  you can come in legally and have your status expire . 
  most commonly it happens with students that have finished their studies and are forced to take a job asap . 
  seems like to most reasonable approach if uk is to end free movement from eu states . 
   it 's okay though . 
  the eu will reply in equal measure . 
  imposing residence permits on british nationals . 
  brits like french and spanish administration right ? 
  waiting on long queues . 
  it 's going to be very interesting to see how a brexit , if it happens , will play out . 
  the eu could either go into full punishment mode , trying to give uk the shittiest deal possible to scare other nations from leaving , or they could reach an agreement that serves both parties . 
  i kind-of want a brexit to happen just to see what happens . 
  a bit like i 'd like to experience a trump presidency , a zombie apocalypse and a nuclear war . 
  a brexit would probably turn out better than the other stuff . 
  i agree . 
  however , some people seem to be of the impression thar farage wants to kick out all immigrants as soon as a brexit happens . 
  he frequently gets mixed up with the other right wing parties in europe , even though his position on legal migrants are somewhat different from a lot of other right wing politicians . 
  well , one of the reasons owl was cancelled was due to engineering difficulties . 
  they did n't really know how to build and support so many and large mirror segments . 
  the experiences gained by building e-elt could be used to make owl easier to build . 
  farage has been very clear about ukips position on the matter ; if you came legally , you can stay . 
  any illegals will be attempted to repatriated . 
  be right back , got ta shave . 
  i 'd give my left testicle to be a fly on the wall of junker 's office if there 's a brexit . 
  because we do n't really want anymore refugees . 
  the eu acts all moral and mighty , but when push comes to show we quickly abandon core principles . 
  the unhcr , amnesty and others have pointed out that the migrant readmission deal we signed with turkey is probably in violation of the european humans rights and the refugee convention . 
  the commission glosses over these points . 
  i 'm not going to comment too much on the kurdish situation in turkey , since i do n't feel like i know enough about the situation to give meaningful comments . 
  i just wanted to point out the idiocy of signing a deal with turkey to reduce syrian refugees from reaching europe and have to same deal potentialy leave us with hundred of thousands of kurdish refugees . 
  the european human rights and the refugee convention can certainly be interpreted in a way that makes a large number of kurds entitled to asylum in europe . 
   so watching the value of sterling throughout the day should give an indication of the result . 
  yup . 
  going by the movements as new polls were previously announced , a drop in sterling would indicate a high likelihood of a brexit , while strengthening of the sterling would indicate a remain vote winning . 
  that 's hardly the problem . 
  the problem , as i see it , is that we give erdogan more credibility and power back home . 
  we 're also looking at the prospect of giving visa fra access to a country which is defacto in a civil war in the south east . 
  we might be opening the flood gates to thousands and thousands of kurdish refugees in an attempt to curb syrian migrants . 
  turkey has the prospect of via free travel !, 
  well played merkel , well played . 
  i do n't fully know the situation in other countries when it comes to production , export and consumption of gas , but norwegian gas export has been pretty low for a long time . 
  it made more sense to pump up and sell the oil since the profit margins were better , and we had the infrastructure to do so . 
  now that the oil prices are lower and norwegian oil fields depleting , we 're starting to ramp up the export of gas . 
  we already have large proven gas fields that were drilled and then just capped because the oil companies would rather spend their money on pumping oil . 
  we 're currently in the process of de-capping known gas fields and building the infrastructure needed to pipe it ashore , condense it and export it either via pipelines or lng ships . 
  eu desperately needs an alternative to russian gas . 
  i guess it 's much better to depend on norwegian gas than russian gas , even though the gas from norway is more expensive .
