  it was and still is an important part of norway 's ability to feed our country, 
  it 's possible that we could see a grand coalition , but it 's not a common thing in scandinavia . 
  i find it much more likely for m to either enter a government with sd or rely indirectly on sd to pass a budget while giving them some influence . 
  the latter is probably the most likely outcome after the next election . 
  we 're already somewhat in . 
  turkey joining would also have consequences for us due to free movement of people and goods . 
  the conservative party has softened its stance somewhat the last months . 
  bottom line is that both blocks need sd to get a majority . 
  they got around that previously by brokering to so-called `` december agreement '' or d\u00d6 in swedish . 
  it stated that the largest block would be allowed to pass its budget even though they did not have a majority in the parliament . 
  the deal was struck to ensure that sd would not be given decisive influence . 
  the d\u00d6 fell apart earlier this year , so all bets are of . 
  technically correct is the best kind of correct . 
  it 's also much easier to build the wall in central america . 
  we 're on to something !, 
  i ca n't wait for trump to roll the tanks into mexico / s, 
  sentio was closest in the 2014 election , they had sd at 12.7 and the final results were 12.9 . 
  sifo was way off at 9.9 edit : www.status.st you can see for yourself . 
  great . 
  it 's about time we pull the plug on this farce !, 
   even if pvv does really well , most parties in parliament are either pro-eu or only soft euroskeptic that wo n't stop the incoming barrage of referendums on various subjects . 
  the new agatha christie movies sure are unrealistic . 
  brb , moving to poland . 
  good , the passed directive was absolute shit . 
  i still worry about the lack of transparency , thank you very much . 
  you 'll see it as soon as we 've signed it in an non-reversible manner . 
  no biggie, 
  he 'd make a great ice cream salesman . 
  happy orban is best orban . 
  you 're missing an `` e '', 
  just look at how the sentiment changed after the brexit vote . 
  it 's like watching a cult reacting to one of its members breaking out . 
  it 's going to be interesting to see if we fall back into deflation once the printing dies down . 
  a new face can only remain new for so long before it becomes an old face . 
   what do you think the next group that needs support will be ? 
  people who are actually competent at their tasks . 
  huge victory for the commission !, 
  an added bonus was the fact that they did n't have to do shit and get to write the demands after the thing happened . 
  nanotechnology is a great fit for luxembourg !, 
  another example of blair 's amazing ability to predict the consequences of his actions . 
  it 's pretty much all about geopolitical plays . 
  it looks an awfully lot like the intermarium plan , though it might be more likely to succeed this time around . 
  come on , it 's not quite that bad . 
  no point in blowing it out of proportions . 
  damn japanese and their tentacle porn . 
  i think you 're onto something here . 
  treaty ! = constitution . 
  eu ; your move . 
  yes , or even better ; the nations that are bothered by the standards of `` their '' food being sold in their country being lower/different than that in the west can pass their own national laws to remedy the situation right away . 
  want at least 70 % fish , pass a law then . 
  the options were either for the russians to stop any asylum seekers from crossing over from the russian side or the norwegian side would be shut down for all traffic . 
  the border has been sealed since november 2015 to any ayslum seeker passing in from russia after more than 5500 migrants crossed the russian-norwegian border . 
  norwegian demands to halt any migrants without a schengen visa has been respected by russian authorities under the threat that the norwegian side of the border crossing would be sealed off if the migrant stream did n't come to a halt . 
  well at least rutte is trying to somewhat deliver on the referendum . 
  the fat one . 
  google `` erna i felten '' ( erna in the field ) and you 'll find a tumblr dedicated to pictures of her doing wired stuff . 
  i think they use the term `` mechanically separated/recovered meat '', 
  a lesser known part of the nazis way to the `` final solution '' , a facet of history really more people should be aware of . 
  still , the plan was not viable even if it had n't been for the british naval blockade . 
  no surprise there , nothing of great importance had happened since the last attempt to warrant the notion that it would work out this time . 
  so , state sponsored terrorism ? 
  no , they 're compatible , it 's just that one month the focus was fair and compassionate and the other month it was all about being strict . 
  st\u00f8re was in favour for more refugees when it was popular and did a 180 when it became unpopular . 
  i do n't mind him adopting sustainable policies , i 'm just not sure he 'll do another 180 if the population changes their mind . 
  we 're taking about a guy who frequently berates other for being populist , yet he seems to have little problem turning his party 's policies on the head on a whim . 
  that played a role though he went from a `` fair and compassionate asylum policy '' into pointing out that they 're for a strict policy, 
  give it a month or two, 
  i like how st\u00f8re went from `` 10,000 syrians refugees are welcome !, 
  to `` we 're as strict as the progress party when it comes to migration '' . 
  what a 180 . 
  there 's no official number , but it 's assumed to be less than a dozen , which is one of the reasons several parties previously opposed the practice ; making a law that targets so few individuals might set bad precedence . 
  never prohibited . 
  the progress party ( our right wing populist party ) has been wanting to ban it for a long time , though it took a while for the other parties , who labeled the proposal xenophobic , to change their minds . 
  the whole political spectrum has shifted more towards the right in terms of immigration over the last couple of years . 
  this i want to see . 
  the next step after that is a letter sprayed with a very stinky perfume , thus giving off a bad smell . 
  good old jussi and his [ monotone voice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbueeputnq0 ) can drive anyone crazy . 
  give it a couple of years and some labor market reforms and a third of those who voted for macron will be protesting his policies . 
  french politics never change . 
  our ( norwegian ) election . 
  i had no idea you had a centre party with record polling ... 
   and since one of your ministers said earlier last year that it is not in norway 's interest to have a much larger and richer member in efta , britain could get sour with norway as well that might change with the elections later this year though , the centre party ( sp ) which is polling at its all time high and will most likely enter a coalition with labour has been open to the idea . 
  the being said sp hopes to use uk as a pry-bar to get more concession on the eea agreement if at all possible . 
  and here i though the crazy political year of 2016 would blow away and be replaced with the more sane and predictable 2017 . 
  this truly is the best and worst timeline . 
  haha , if may ends up having to accept farage as an official party of the negotiations ... 
  i do n't event know what to say about that, 
  provided that the dup can actually hold it together and not start spewing out their actual views in the media ? 
  the current situation is very flimsy and dup does not seem like the preferred partner if you want to run a tight ship . 
  i ca n't see you guys getting through the next five years without a new election . 
  truth be told , i 'm not even sure may can last the coming week . 
  edit : and then you have the whole mess that is northern ireland . 
  i 'm sure sinn fein will be very happy about dup 's new found influence , especially given the current state of storemont . 
  may talking back political control over ni with dup as a supporting party has the potential to set ni ablaze . 
  corbyn wo n't be able to muster a majority anyways , so bringing down may does n't change the equation in a meaningful way for dup . 
  dup get more actual polices passed this way by supporting may , but a corbyn-lead minority government will have great difficulties getting stuff done . 
  if not getting corbyn as an effective political force is dup 's main reason for supporting may , they should be able to handle a lame duck corbyn . 
  and now dup can extract concessions every time that the conservatives need a few extra votes to pass something ( which will almost be always ) . 
  well done may , you 've really played yourself . 
  haha , jussi is amazing .
