  let me guess , that soros guy is behind this as well ? 
  i 'd like to point out that this is the same place where 60 minutes australia crew was ambushed and attacked . 
  the worst part for me is the fact that they pat themselves on their shoulders and brag about what they 've accomplished for the common european . 
  really , thank you so much for dancing to the tune of corporations , increasing our costs and then try to play it off a a success for the common man . 
  better just throw the whole toilet out . 
  no other cure . 
  i 'm having trouble finding back to the original tweets as twitter is filling up rapidly , but [ here 's ] ( https://twitter.com/krisreng/status/850331895955116032 ) someone who saw it from his window . 
  he says `` lots of dead '' and `` there are [ people split in half ] ( lit . 
  half people ) lying on the street '' further down into the thread . 
  i 'm seeing eyewitness reports on twitter saying that the street is riddled with bodies , some of which are `` split in half '' . 
  edit : [ nsfw ] ( https://minfil.org/gem408b1bf/img_1182.jpg ) supposedly a picture from the street , with at least one body covered with plastic bags . 
  be cautious , pictures are not confirmed to be real or from the incidence . 
  edit2 : [ picture of truck ] ( https://gfx.aftonbladet-cdn.se/image-c/24683095/660/imagecolumndouble/3d7d76b68dacb/stockholm.jpg ) crashed into the mall . 
  edit3 : the stockholm metro has been shut down and people are asked to leave the area by police . 
  so , want to buy some more gas europe ? 
  it 's a bit more expensive , but we do n't turn it off in the middle of the winter to pressure buyers . 
  time to end freedom of movement for water / s, 
  better hire the clinton campaign managers . 
  i 've never seen someone claim that your gender does n't matter play so much on someone 's gender . 
  it was infuriating . 
  it went from women are n't qualifed to be president to she 's the only one qualifed because she 's a woman . 
  christmas island . 
  it 's verhofstadt , you ca n't really expect him to act any other way . 
  do n't worry , i 'm just repeating stupid stereotypes for karma . 
  looks like we 're gon na need a reverse lane in addition to the normal and fast speed ones . 
  for an additional 10 million euros , the factory will mount a white flag at the tail fin to be deployed once an enemy plane enters the radar 's range . 
  literally unlivable , moving back to bombed out syria !, 
  / s we had ngos kicking up fuss about one of our `` detention camps '' used to house people pending repatriation . 
  they talked about horrible , sub-human living conditions . 
  the un sent a representative to inspect due to all the complaints , turns out that the un found the camp to be in excellent condition , but recommended that we install some additional water heaters , as the amount of hot water was somewhat low given the number of people in the camp at the time of inspection . 
  that shut up the ngos for a while . 
  the current migration crisis have made me lose complete trust in a lot of ngos/human right 's organizations . 
  they 've been kicking up a lot of fuss , even where there 's not much to criticize . 
  well , for once a net payer of eu funds wants out of the relocation scheme . 
  i guess they 're still gon na play the `` solidarity and no cherry picking '' card though . 
  come back home mini norway , we miss you !, 
  close enough , my phone 's autocorrect did n't like that so i went with round . 
  i think they all agree that the earth is round . 
   ultimately , i think this is a decision made out of a fear of someone taking advantage of the re-opening of the treaties . 
  and what sort of changes would those be ? 
  we 're in the middle of a very important election cycle , so i ca n't really see either france or germany pushing for deep changes without fearing blowback from its electorate, 
  just do as i plan to do ; bury/hide my now legal , soon to be illegal magazines . 
  i refuse to be made a criminal and have my belongings taking away without compensation just because some badly integrated muslim youth decide to shot up people in france . 
  what fun !, 
  looks like 2017 might become as interesting/shitty as 2016 . 
  bad timing for rutte . 
  nothing , the rest of them will find away around the polish no in order the ratify the summit conclusions , which will just further piss of the poles . 
  [ this ] ( http://cdn.collider.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/game-of-thrones-aidan-gillen-littlefinger.jpg ) little weasel of a man . 
  which is why our politicians are scrambling , they 're about to find out that you ca n't recover from years of chronic military under spending by arranging a working lunch , publishing a document stating that `` progress is being made '' , and talking about solidarity . 
  oh gee , does anyone know of a way to build a credible defense in 7 days ? 
  anyone ? 
  this time she actually spotted the freight train hurtling towards her and is at least planning on taking a step off the tracks . 
  some of the occupants propose to change the faulty tire , but it proves more difficult than first anticipated . 
  the car had a set of particular tires on when the occupants all agreed to ride the car , a replacement tire would not be the same as the original one . 
  to change the tire would require the consent of all passengers . 
  some passengers even claim the tire is in fact not flat , just a bit deflated . 
  to change it now is not necessary , the car has worked perfectly fine with the four tires in question for decades . 
  some passengers propose that instead of changing the tire , perhaps we could at another one to the car ? 
  that might alleviate the problem , and get around the lack of consent on the tire change . 
  in the end the occupants fail to reach an agreement on the tire , but instead opt for another change they all can agree on , to fill up the wiper fluid container . 
  they all marvel over the fact that so many occupants from different backgrounds could reach such an astute agreement . 
  the car rolls on , jostling from side to side as the deflated tire provides little support . 
  well , at least they 've managed to change the wiper fluid . 
  i would n't mind some snow . 
  we have a bunch of different ski waxes for dry snow , wet snow , loose snow , chunky snow , old snow , new snow , temperature ranges and so on . 
  i do n't think we have any wax for `` mostly rock and very little snow '' conditions . 
  ah , the good old establishment . 
  tell the electorate that the far right 's proposed policies are rascist , inhuman , wo n't work and is illegal . 
  wait a few years , then quietly adopt it as if you had n't called the same solutions nazi-like for years . 
  and they wonder why fringe parties are gaining traction . 
  what morons . 
  like trump gives a shit, 
  he probably ran away looking something like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k6jhabvysta&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=5s ) sans the sound . 
   i naively did not expect another lorry islamist attack in 2016 no . 
  you 're going to get really surprised about what the next decade will look like . 
  this will keep getting worse and worse until something snaps . 
  europe has gone through thousands of years of war and genocide , and it 's not over . 
  give it some time . 
  who would 've though 20 years ago that it would be [ illegal ] ( https://www.gov.uk/buying-carrying-knives ) to sell a knife to someone younger than 18 years . 
  they 'll keep taking away liberties under the guise of it being for our own safety . 
   `` several witnesses describe the suspect as an eastern-european '' what the hell does an ee look like ? 
  carries potatoes around his neck like a necklace ? 
  ordinary people do n't need a high capacity magazine , and ordinary people do n't need a high capacity lorry . 
  there is no such thing as an `` assault weapon '' , the term is totally made up . 
  soon they 'll be taking about attack lorries or some other stupid shit . 
  slippery slope , you wait and see . 
  some sources indicates that it was registered on a polish shipping/moving company . 
  i assume that the eu is going to pass some truck regulations now . 
  you know , to keep assault trucks out the hands of civilians , just like they did with weapons / s, 
  sure . 
  let 's just surround out entire continent with a big ass ocean ( tm ) first to stop the flow . 
   i naively thought we had gone away from this stuff for a while but at some point it is just going to become to much for people . 
  fear is horrible for politics . 
  you did not see this coming ? 
  keep pushing people into a corner telling them whatever keeps hurting them is good for them and you 're bound to get a reaction . 
  and here we fucking go . 
  again !, 
  it 's not really the alliances that worry me , it 's the fact that we have one/several proxy wars going on in the area . 
  we have us , russian , turkey , qatari , saudi arabian , iranian and jordanian proxies in syria , and the groups in question also wield powers outside syria . 
  the whole situation is very complicated , with many overlapping players playing on the same field .
