forcing v4 to accept refugees or face fines enforced by a qmv is a stupid idea , and will just drive the wedge between east and west further in . 
  even austria , previously a defender of merkel refugee policy , has abandoned merkel . 
  continuing down this path will just ensure that the fronts get more entrenched and will increase the resentment towards the eu in eastern europe . 
  in that case we wo n't participate . 
  it 's an attempt at trying to force germany in particular to change how immigration works . 
  at this point it seems that almost every country in the eu will oppose a permanent quota sharing without securing the outer borders . 
  eastern europe will boycott it . 
  so will denmark , finland , austria and probably france . 
  merkel is running out a allies real fast . 
  i disagree . 
  if we only take people through quotas and return those who come by themselves , people with a valid asylum claim wo n't have any reason to go to europe . 
  the norwegian government is pro-quota , provided that the migrant flow dies down completely . 
  we wo n't accept taking quotas and in addition to having to take an unknown amount that make it to our borders . 
  in other words , clamp down entirely on the migrant flows , and take refugees directly from camps either in greece or me . 
   the un refugee convention was created in 1951 , six years after the end of world war ii and six years after the end of the holocaust . 
  some historians estimate that 60 million europeans became refugees during wwii . 
  during that time the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration was founded , which helped around 8 million refugees between 1943 and 1947 . 
  i would say the un knew very well what they did . 
  most of those refugees were either internally displaced within their countries , or moved into neighboring countries . 
  we certainly did n't have situations where millions of people walked thousands of kilometers , bypassing safe countries in order to seek out countries with the best benefits . 
  the situations may be similar in numbers , but that 's where the similarities end . 
   it would be hilarious if it would n't be so sad . 
  the largest economic bloc in the world ca n't even handle half a million refugees and has shown that it is completely unable to deal with people who abuse the un refugee convention . 
  the problem right now is that it 's for some countries close to impossible to deport them back , as they on purpose destroy id papers and their countries of origin refuse to take them back . 
  i ca n't speak for the situations in other countries , but here in norway the state has had to spend close to 50 million euros over the last decade to process application of people without need for protection . 
  the fact that they can appeal denied application and prolong their stay in a country to such an extent that they and their children get such a strong connection to a country that they ca n't legally be sent back creates massive issues and undermines the conventions . 
  i 'm not saying that we should totally abolish asylum , but we need to rework . 
   but of course that 's not our fault . 
  it has to be the fault of the refugee convention . 
  a major issue is that countries are required by the convention to accept refugees even if they ca n't handle the influx . 
  countries can in extreme cases collapse due to their obligations under the international conventions . 
  the un is free to critize the policies of countries the moment they actually start funding and paying for migrants themselves . 
  it 's obvious that the current refugee conventions are broken and not suited for the situation we 're currently witnessing and the migrant situation that will follow as the population in africa and me doubles the next 35 years . 
  and now , with the migration issue swiftly solved , super tusk flies off to tackle another of eus issue . 
  next week on super tusk : super tusk breaks the gridlock on the standardization of garden gnomes . 
  well , it looks like they 're still able to submerge . 
  the politicians claim that the no go zones do n't exist and the police have given up on entering them . 
  police cars and ambulances are often attacked and lit on fire when they enter the areas . 
  around new years eve they shoot rockets at police cars . 
  i have no idea if it will work . 
  even though merkel is facing immense pressure domestically and internationally , she refuses to budge . 
  i guess a trigger might be really poor regional elections in march , but we 'll have to wait and see . 
  they worry about the reaction of the eu , particularly germany . 
  if germany folds and closes its borders , other countries do n't face the same stigma and will quickly follow suit . 
  austria and the balkans intend to force merkel to act and close germany ' s borders . 
  i agree that it is counter-productive when the collective eu is not pulling in the same direction , but i have absolute no belief in the current direction merkel is insisting on . 
  we urgently need to shore up the external border by any means necessary . 
  there is no point in emptying the boat of water as long as the hole in the bottom remains . 
  once the external borders are under control , most countries would hopefully be more open to the idea of relocation quotas . 
  still , i do n't think relocation quotas alone will solve the problem we 're seeing due to the size . 
  i firmly believe that the eu needs some sort of hard cap on the number of migrants allowed in each year . 
  this might require changes to laws and treaties , but we should at least look into it . 
  it makes no sense to treat international treaties as something holy and set in stone to never be changed . 
   and what happens when they sue before the european court of human rights , because that almost surely violates the charta . 
  my understanding is that no-one is entitled to be given asylum in the actual country they apply in . 
  as long as they 're actually given refuge in a safe place , no law has been violated . 
  deporting them to safe camps would probably be in line with the un refugee convention . 
  if the whole of eu says `` fuck it '' , and starts violating the un conventions , who could touch us ? 
  of course , it sets a really bad precedent . 
  that being said , there 's as you point out another layer of law on top of this , and that is the european laws and treaties regarding refugees in signatory countries . 
  those can be amended , changed and revoked by the eu . 
  that would revert us to only have to deal the the international treaties . 
  both the un conventions and the eu conventions regarding refugees need some serious alterations . 
  it has become obvious that the current implementations are n't working as intended . 
   and which third country will do that ? 
  which country will allow itself to turn into europe 's refugee camp ? 
  that 's a great question . 
  there are some candidate countries in north and sub-saharan africa , such as libya . 
  it is however obvious that we would have to sign a pretty large check to get it done . 
  alternately , there are islands , both inhabited and uninhabited , which belongs to eu countries that could be turned into camps . 
  this would however be unpopular , but if the situation gets too bad , it can be done . 
   who will pay for these camps and the transportation and the security and the infrastructure necessary in general ? 
  eu countries . 
  the split and sum is up for negotiation . 
  the cost of integrating and supporting refugees is already astronomical . 
  germany is budgeting $ 17 billion for the next year . 
  that alone would probably cover most of the cost . 
   we then have the problem of numbers exploding tho if you allow people to apply for asylum in europe from these camps no . 
  once the preset quota for the year is met , no-one is granted asylum , unless there are very special cases , such as clear individual prosecution due to political or social activism . 
   if you do n't allow them they will still come here in that case they 're either deported to their homeland if possible or safe or hosted in safe camps in a third country . 
  they wo n't risk their lives if they ca n't apply for asylum at the border . 
  we still need to find suitable land for these camps in third countries . 
  good . 
  we need to replace on-border asylum seeking with preset quotas selected only from refugee camps . 
  this completely undermines people smugglers and people wo n't have to risk their lives to apply for asylum . 
  in addition we wo n't have to worry about sending rejected asylum seekers back . 
  well , fuck me . 
  yup . 
  once the monopoly of violence that police and military have in a given country is broken , things start going downhill very quickly . 
  i suspect that the native population will come out at top , with disastrous consequences . 
  what worries my more is that most of western european is basically a giant pressure cooker right now , if things start going south in one country , it will easily spread to neighboring countries . 
  * sigh * hopefully this is just the usual racists and skinheads . 
  if the ordinary man feels that the police can no longer protect them and their families , things will turn ugly . 
  well , i guess this will influence the stream of syrian refugees . 
  the summer and spring is nonetheless going to get very interesting . 
  how is the image host relevant ? 
  it does not affect the screnshot . 
  please close the bridge . 
  we 've had 25k refugees pouring into norway from sweden . 
  the border we share is so long that 's completely impossible to guard it .
