  bus ticket ? 
  when you get in you just ask the driver how much for a specific destination , he tells you and you hand him the money . 
  it 's really cheap , like 1-2 liras . 
  these are not the normal buses . 
  we got the same buses as bucharest , these are just popular in places where major bus lines would be pointless . 
  yes they drive like shit btw . 
  i regularly see them driving in the opposite lane to avoid traffic . 
  the day erdo\u011fan dies things are bound to change . 
  turkish politics is the definition of a one man show . 
  j'ai fait un peu de google fu et effectivement t ` as raison . 
  j'imagine que l'expression a perdu son sens une fois travers\u00e9 l'atlantique . 
  i 'm not sure how i fell upon this thread a week late , but you 're wrong . 
  whatyearisthis.jpg this whole thread is stupid , eu 's not going to happen nor should it and everyone needs to let the topic die . 
  this is one map where i 'm glad they did n't consider turkey a part of europe . 
  surprise candidate my ass, 
  my understanding is that the government 's policy is not to give any new licenses to brothels . 
  there 's a reason why half our national team is from germany , our infrastructure is shit compared to you guys . 
  i thought you were spanish . 
  you 're dutch as well ? 
  did you get banned ? 
  it was a dumb troll, 
  party founded what ? 
  90 years ago ? 
  do you think democrats in the usa still oppose liberating the slaves the same way they did 150 years ago ? 
  i have no clue why a spaniard would even know of kemalism but it 's a pointless subject to debate . 
  no , you asked a loaded question . 
  the opposition is not kemalists . 
  there are kemalists in the opposition , but overall that way of thinking is outdated and irrelevant in modern turkish politics . 
  who the fuck is cengiz ? 
  and no , i just think i 'm dealing with a moron . 
  that 's a loaded question . 
  the list of kebabs worth eating would not fit in the character count for a reddit comment . 
  i live in istanbul and i do n't remember the last time i can count on my hand the number of times i 've used a turkish toilet . 
  i 've never had such a thing and i live in istanbul . 
  karides guvec is absolutely lovely . 
  iskender is n't a kebab you eat after the pub . 
  it 's a rather complex kebab , with doner covered in this tomatoe sauce and melted butter , with yogourt on the side . 
  europeans think that kebab is junk food . 
  it is in europe , it is n't in turkey . 
  some of the most luxurious restaurants i 've been to in istanbul are kebab restaurants . 
  [ take a look at this : develi restaurant in kadkikoy , istanbul . 
  one of my favorite places to eat in the world . 
   and how in the actual hell does that justify turkey joining the eu ? 
  it does n't , you 're making an assumption on me . 
  i 'm telling you you are wrong . 
   how can it be less in europe . 
  because it 's an island ? 
  well good thinking . 
  i guess the uk and ireland are n't in europe either . 
  wow . 
  study geography , europe includes the uk but nothing past istanbul . 
  basically , in terms of geography , cyprus is asian . 
  this is n't up for debates , look it up if you do n't believe me . 
   you just proved my point and it did n't even take any effort . 
  you kind of disappointed me . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're trolling . 
   oh i see ... so now you 're going to educate me . 
  you clearly do n't understand the eu , so why not . 
   no you would not as you 'll never set your foot in . 
  so what do you want to say . 
  oh if this and if that . 
  come on . 
  we 're arguing why turkey does n't belong in the eu , bringing this up is irrelevant ? 
   indeed you are . 
  so stop reading between the lines and read what i actually am typing . 
  is that how you read shakespeare ? 
   of course i will . 
  how do you think a muslim country would ever work in a union with christian ones . 
  even if religion in many parts of europe is n't a thing it still dictates much of our lives . 
  businesses are closed on christmas , easter and you name it . 
  then we have a complete different acceptance of nudity and what not . 
  so yes . 
  religion is a big ass issue and has nothing to do with ethnicity even if you try to read between the lines . 
  you do n't know shit about turks do you . 
  turks celebrate christmas too , did you know ? 
  and we have chocolate for easter . 
  although for us they are n't religious holidays , just commercial . 
  lol , in terms of nudity i 'd say we 're about the same as italy or spain . 
  bikinis and low cut shirts are very present here . 
   does n't look like it as you have to resort to reading between the lines to make a point . 
  man , give up . 
   according to you . 
  according to anyone with 2 braincells to rub together . 
   no you have n't . 
  the only thing you 've provided is evidence of issues with your reading comprehension . 
  no , i also pointed out the issues with population size , in terms of voting in parliement and immigration . 
   perfect . 
  you could have left it at that to start with . 
  we could have , but you decided to be a complete and utter fucking moron . 
  you 're about to get into an argument with a complete moron . 
  save yourself the trouble . 
   we know what that means in turkey . 
  i grew up in canada . 
  i 'm the equivalent of the democrats in the usa . 
   more than turkey will ever be . 
  and where did i say that it 's in europe ? 
  geopgraphically , it 's less in europe . 
  it 's literally 0 % in europe , as opposed to 4 % for turkey . 
  you are using turkey 's geographic position as an argument against the candidature , so i 'm bringing a counter argument . 
   well to be honest that is what will keep you out even if no one has told you that .
