  does n't bocconi make the lists for best italian university ? 
  as a turk living in canada , turkey is much closer to europe than canada is . 
  the eu needs turkey to be stable . 
  we can exercise influence in the middle east through our military might and economic strength , and serve as a gateway between europe and the region for petroleum in a way no one else can . 
  the geopolitical importance of turkey is huge , and european leaders clearly understand that . 
  you just ca n't deny turkey , and have the country look elsewhere for regional alliances ( what if russia or china approaches turkey ? 
  ) , but at the same time you ca n't accept turkey for the before mentioned reasons . 
  hence , why the whole situation appears stagnant . 
  there 's a few really valid reasons . 
  - the turkish population is too large , and in 50 years if we were in the eu our weight in the eu parliement would be far greater then any other country 's . 
  - immigration problems would necessarily arise , as a lot of turks would migrate to the uk/germany . 
  - our economy is unstable at best and has the potential of dragging down the rest of europe . 
  the concerns about the state of democracy in turkey are valid , but those are clearly secondary reasons to why turkey will never get admitted to the eu . 
  any recount will make the victory margin much much larger . 
  and considering most of the media is either government owned or owned by members of his family and entourage , those who report on real issues are already very few . 
  considering the campaign was almost exclusively lead by erdo\u011fan , definitely yes . 
  go knock on his door and tell him to go suck a dick . 
  well probably not as the cia protects the guy . 
  geopolitics ... 
  i listened to the entirety of his speech . 
  i hate the fucker 's guts and want him to die a slow and painful death , but honestly his speech was n't that bad . 
  he spent a lot of time saying that he intends for akp to represent all of turkey , including those who did n't vote for him . 
  most of comments labeling his opponents as terrorists and such were n't directed at the average joe who voted against him , but mostly at `` pennsylvania '' , or more specifically , fetullah gulen the exiled cleric who 's been at war with him . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  i 'd like to remind you that historically , the voting percentages carry over elections , regardless of the fact that they are local or general . 
  back at work limmericky ? 
  akp paying you well ? 
  how about you guys fuck off ? 
  every fucking time we discuss turkish politics on here , someone has to argue about how undeserving of eu turkey is considering rte 's track record . 
  we fucking get it , the country is a huge joke . 
  the horse has been beaten . 
  and it 's not like we would be joining the eu even if our political landscape was n't a complete disaster , the eu just has too many valid reasons not to let this happen . 
  he has about 45 % , so a loss of 5 % . 
  which still makes absolutely no difference in the direction turkey is taking , as erdogan 's strongest rivals are at 28 % . 
  if all the shit thrown their way since december shaved only a few percent off their popular vote , it just means nothing can happen between now and the presidential elections that would stop rte from doing whatever the fuck he wants . 
  oh ok , you 're a troll . 
  carry on . 
  almost . 
  i got rogers and hate the fucking bastards . 
  if only . 
  do n't underestimate the irrationality of uneducated voters . 
  i personally think akp will do well in the elections regardless of what happens this week . 
  which is a good thing . 
  cheers . 
  when erdogan was elected , people were excited about the eu candidature . 
  it 's the past few years that the eu just is no longer on our minds . 
  so the point you 're making baseless , as he was elected in the first place by people who wanted to be in the eu . 
  did you read the rest of what i wrote ? 
  erdogan never really was interested in the eu in the first place , and the current actions of the government only has to do with the fact that they 're trying to stay in power . 
  remember mubarek shutting off internet as the world was coming down on him ? 
  same thing . 
  dictators are desperate when the end is near . 
  that 's the reason for the change direction , which started with the gezi protests last year . 
  not the fucking eu . 
  the eu has nothing to do with the events in turkey , i just ca n't stress that enough . 
  like my dad said in a discussion yesterday , people support political parties the same way they support a football club , in turkey . 
  regardless of what happens , akp supporters will stay akp supporters . 
  i 'm sick of hearing about eu whenever turkish politics are mentioned . 
  no , not everything about turkey is about eu . 
  no , there 's no anger from politicians or voters towards the eu , and none of our policies/issues stem from the candidature . 
  most turks have given up on eu , and do n't really care about it anymore . 
  we all know it 's not going to happen , so why bother ? 
  it 'd be great if it did , but we should be realistic . 
  realistically , erdogan pushed with the eu agenda because it gave him the opportunity to clean out the military from his enemies , under pretext of making the country more democratic . 
  that 's been done , the military is castrated , the eu candidature means nothing to him now . 
  as for his islamic leanings , people voted for his policies . 
  he managed to outperform previous governments ( mostly through shady dealings and cheap loans ) , and people for the first time felt like the country was going to be a regional power . 
  that 's it . 
  to be honest , at this point , i do n't even believe he 's truly one to want an islamic country . 
  i feel more and more like religion was a card he played for the past 20 years to win votes in the east . 
  how do you think the cost of living compare with canada/usa ? 
  and the salaries ? 
   as for me , i do not understand why there are not a million people at taksim right now . 
  elections sunday . 
  at this point , i think most people want to let the current course of affairs grow . 
  this is not the first tape released incriminating greatly the government lately , nor the first scandal . 
  things are looking downhill for akp , and i personally do n't think it 's right to give erdogan the chance to polorize the electorate by creating a us vs. them situation , as eastern turks do n't identify themselves with the crowds in taksim ( younger , westernized ) . 
  no no no . 
  nothing to do with kurds . 
  there 's a municipal election sunday , which will pretty much determine akp 's future . 
  if they lose ankara/istanbul , things will look bleak for the upcoming general elections . 
  erdocunt even himself said that if he loses istanbul , it 's gameover for him . 
  the false flag is just an attempt to disrupt the current campaign . 
  it has the potential of postponing the elections , and uniting the country behind their leader in times of war . 
  ugh ... that 's . . ugh . 
  i want that . 
  worse is my fucking cellphone bill . 
  80 $ a month for 1gb , unlimited texting and 200 mins calling . 
   we also have cheap , reliable internet and isp 's are banned from throttling certain services because the dutch government supports net neutrality . 
  meanwhile , i pay 80 $ for 20mb/s with unlimited data cap . 
  net neutrality is n't an issue here though . 
   sadly , we spy pretty much as much as the nsa does . 
  i think at this point every western country spies on everything they can . 
  that 's kind of the joke . 
  i live in canada and throughly enjoy not having a single website banned . 
  the current actions of the government have nothing to do with anger towards the west . 
  they 're doing everything in they can to hold onto power , at all costs . 
  that 's it . 
  belgium bans torrent sites ? 
  that sounds odd to me .
