  on the other hand , the pkk is n't simply a communist group . 
  they are a terrorist organization that operate through bombings and raids while hiding in mountainous regions and finance themselves through drug trafficking . 
  they have been the cause of tens of thousands of deaths in turkey , deaths of civilians and military/gendarmerie . 
  they also are violent not only towards turks , but kurds who do not support them as well , burning down schools/hospitals of villages who do not help them . 
  this is why absolutely no turk is phased by these bombings . 
  the pkk is obviously the lesser of two evils for the rest of the world , it 's not the case for us . 
  a taste of our own medicine ? 
  we know all about terrorism already , [ we suffered 20,000 deaths by terrorists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey%e2%80%93pkk_conflict ) . 
  isis will probably be taken care of in time as well . 
  the current situation seems to be that erdogan wants a coalition against them and is unwilling to wage war in foreign land unaided . 
  the one condition of such a mission being that assad be removed from power at the same time . 
  right group . 
  isis is n't a threat to turkish citizens , the pkk is . 
  it 's a matter of terrorists killing terrorists down there right now , i 'd rather them both lose . 
  oh , is that a thing ? 
  i regularly do montreal-istanbul flights and that takes me about 18 hours from going to the airport to arriving home . 
  banff is another extra flight out west that 'll take like what , 5 hours ? 
  going to banff from europe is one hell of a long trip, 
  it depends on where in the country you are . 
  the population just wants schengen to be able to freely move about . 
  the ruling class wants the economic benefits . 
  i do n't think anyone truly cares about any other aspect of the eu in turkey, 
  1959 lol, 
  in turkey it is n't about religion but simply about cultural standards . 
  kids , boy or girl , do n't leave the household until they get married . 
  my estimation for when turkey will enter the eu is about when pigs start flying . 
  as a turkish-canadian i am very conflicted about this comment . 
  you should check out the 1995 quebec referendum . 
  50.58 % for the no . 
  19 years later it 's still talked about regularly . 
  exhausting ? 
  oh c'mon , you just have to learn how to say fuck off like a turk . 
  it 's easy , make an upward motion with your head ( like if you were nodding yes , but only the upward motion and only once ) , do a `` tsk '' sound at the same time , and people will go away instantly . 
  100 % success rate . 
  nor would any turk want it , even though western turks bitch to no end about inner-anatolian turks . 
  my understanding of the issue is as you 've said . 
  we do not have significant immigration , other then refugees from the middle east . 
  dude this is a very well written comment that really hits home . 
  the `` epic '' history really is a thing in turkey . 
  still a lot more then `` some '' turks . 
  the crescent is actually not a muslim symbol . 
  not on turkey 's flag . 
  i 'd say the vast majority . 
  turks are nationalistic it 's just how it 's always been . 
  what ? 
  fuck besiktas and fenerbahce . 
  i do n't really believe he 's a religious fanatic anymore . 
  he acts like one but i feel like it 's a matter of populism to get his target voters more then anything . 
  we are defintively the least extremist of any muslim country but we still have our fair share of crazies . 
  it 's crazy that turkey has less jihadists then france and the uk . 
  arkadaslar kingdom just means the `` kingdom of friends '' , as generally turks like the brits . 
  same really, 
  no turks actually like them . 
  brothers and all, 
  we 'd probably just hate everyone, 
  well generally , we have no shame when it comes to our kebabs . 
  they are fucking delicious . 
  mate , if you ever thought we 'd get into the eu you 're crazy . 
  you do realize that votes in the eu parliament are linked to the population size , if we were to get in within 30 years we 'd have the greatest influence in european politics , even more so then germany . 
  you ever think they 'd let that happen ? 
  and do you really think they 'd open the doors to limitless immigration ? 
  it was never going to happen , never will , regardless of the government in place . 
  have fun . 
  something like 50-60 % of the population in turkey are against joining the eu as of this year . 
  the eu candidature is no longer ever mentioned in current politics and media . 
  eu politicians have made it overwhelmingly clear that turkey had no place in the eu . 
  germany and france have already said they would not support our candidature . 
  i hate that every time something puts turkey in a bad light here some idiot comes and mentions the eu candidature . 
  it 's not like it ever was going to happen . 
  at this point the population has turned against it as well . 
  the issue is not worth discussing . 
  the condition on the kurds has improved , and i 'd say it 's erdogan 's greatest achievement . 
  they have a lot more rights , and they seem to be much much much more favourable to erdogan then the chp . 
  there needs to be progression on the lgbt rights question , but we 're not russia . 
  there is such a thing as pride parade in istanbul every year . 
  but generally these matters quiet as a lot of people disapprove . 
  god help you if you are gay in eastern anatolia though . 
  western turks definitively like greeks . 
  i mean , drinking ouzzo and shooting the shit basically sums up life in coastal towns in turkey , as long as you replace ouzzo with raki . 
  a lot of people go to greek islands on vacation as well . 
  it 's definitively true . 
  it 's not even close , izmir is much more liberal and secular then istanbul . 
  but the statistics for istanbul are skewed by the rural exodus that has been going on for 20 years . 
  the city nowadays has a gigantic anatolian population , most of them coming from poor regions in the east looking for employment . 
  they 're not as educated as the people coming from istanbul families . 
  they 're the sole reason why the city leans to the akp . 
  if you removed them from the mix , the city would overwhelmingly vote against erdogan . 
  i genuinely wish i could , but i do n't understand the politics of the region enough for that . 
  the turkish kurds are definitively a lot more leftist then the iraqi ones though , i can tell you that much . 
  no , they wo n't . 
  the kurdish people in iraq and in turkey are not remotely similar in terms of political ideology . 
  he got 66 % of the german turks ' vote . 
  i genuinely do n't get why those people support erdogan . 
  they have the luxury of living in a functional democracy , and therefore know what a democracy is supposed to look like , but they go off and vote for erdogan ? 
  you 're still better off going to the beach in catalonia if you 're looking for that . 
  days like this that i 'm grateful for holding dual citizenships . 
  i absolutely hate erdogan will all my guts , but do n't be so melodramatic . 
  he 's obviously not a proponent of gender equality but it 's not like we 've come down to forcing women to wear veils and shit . 
  you still find topless women in the beaches in the south . 
  never seen them crash either but i 've seen them cause traffic jams plenty of times .
