i do n't dislike anyone . 
  erdo\u011fan 's government is the one that pushed for the eu in the first place . 
  not the secular parties . 
  you do n't have an understanding of the issue really . 
  i 'm not a fan of erdo\u011fan either but it 's just wrong to just put the blame on in when he 's the one who actually started the negotiations . 
  i can live with it, 
  everyone does hate us . 
  it 's the truth . 
  they 're obviously liked . 
  wow that 's like bush saying `` they hate us for our freedom '' . 
  no the negative opinion is related to the fact that we now know we wo n't ever integrate the eu . 
  we got a saying in turkey : `` t\u00fcrk ' \u00fcn t\u00fcrk ` ten ba\u015fka dostu yoktur '' . 
  the only friend of a turk is a turk . 
  everyone hates us and generally the feeling is mutual . 
  that 's why those numbers are so low . 
  we do n't like anyone . 
  compensating for a small dick . 
  yeah you 'll get food poisoning from those if you 're not careful . 
  oh you mean midye tava . 
  that 's food for the gods . 
  with a cold efes on a hot day . 
  there are hundreds of kebabs in turkey , and they 're all different and delicious . 
  you guys have only ever tried d\u00f6ner kebab and think that 's all there is to kebabs . 
  i pity the fool who 's never tried an iskender kebab . 
  i 'm not even sure what that 's supposed to mean . 
  haha , did you go and downvote every one of my comments or something ? 
  i think erdo\u011fan wants to be seen as a sort of `` savior '' in the arab world , to continue enlarging his influence there . 
  assad his pretty much leading a war against his own people by now and erdo\u011fan just wants the one to save his `` muslim brothers '' . 
  i find the whole situation ridiculous . 
  it 's also funny how in western media 2 years ago assad was painted as a violent dictator and it was discussed obama could potentially intervene , and he did by arming rebels , but now it seems assad is the west 's best friend . 
  i agree . 
   it was unfair of me to accuse you of hating the kurds , rather than just the pkk . 
  it 's ok , really . 
  all over reddit and / r/worldnews people do n't make the distinction between the two , while to a turk the distinction is really clear . 
   i know you 're looking out for your brothers and sisters , but have you ever considered the phrase '' rather the devil i know , than the devil i do n't '' you know how bad the pkk can be . 
  you do n't know how bad isis will become - they are effectively a wildcard . 
  they are insane . 
  and i guarantee you if they win , they will cause a problem to your country sooner or later , and these problems may be much worse than in magnitude than the pkk . 
  it 's just so many variables for us to really predict ( as some random people on the internet ) what will happen . 
  perhaps isis will never have the audacity , considering their numbers and weaponry , to lead an attack against us . 
  perhaps they will be weakened by nato strikes by then . 
  perhaps opposition in the region will slow them down to a crawl . 
  you 're right to say that it 's a matter of the devil you know against the one you do n't , but i 'm guessing the country 's foreign affairs analysts have decided that this was the best course of action . 
  considering the turkish embassy hostages in iraq that have been freed for no apparent reason last month , it 's also possible turkey has a deal in place with isis as well . 
  it 's also political suicide to be seen helping the pkk as well , and would cause a massive backlash against the government . 
  that 's also definitively a factor . 
   i also feel a kurdish state ( not necessarily led by the pkk ) can be negotiated with , dealt with , perhaps can even calm the actions of pkk terrorists . 
  you can not negotiate or deal with isis . 
  it 's possible that syrian/iraqi kurdistan becomes well run and reasonable , but there 's also the threat that they try to annex parts of our territory . 
  it 's a toss up , really . 
  but i never really trust a middle eastern government to be competent ever . 
  man , these are all complex issues i feel like i 'm not qualified to really discuss with any depth . 
  a treaty is a treaty . 
  it 's a defensive pact , and if nato countries want to keep nato alive they need to respect what they 've signed . 
  that 's the way it works . 
   the turkish army is an untested overhyped army , will probably capitulate faster than the iraqi army capitulates now . 
  overhyped , oh definitively . 
  i hear horror stories of how incompetent the army is from my friends who have done their military service . 
  it 's still the second largest army in nato though , and has fighter jets and bombers and a fleet of tanks . 
  as opposed to isis which is mostly foot soldiers . 
   by the way , you should probably study a bit more about kurds and not forcefeed the shit erdogan puts on replay . 
  i do n't really listen to erdogan cause i ca n't stop myself from being in a bad mood afterwards . 
  i hate the fucking prick . 
  and i do understand that kurds have been largely oppressed and that opposition from them are n't baseless . 
  but you need to understand that the pkk ~ = kurds . 
  most kurds do n't even support the pkk , and are not in favour of forming kurdistan in turkey . 
  the pkk has been a terrorist warmongering organization for the past 30 years , much before erdogan became a politician . 
  so any turkish deaths are unimportant until turkey recognizes the genocide ? 
  the logic in that is really hard to see . . 
   assad is a bastard , but a largely secular one . 
  i rather have him than isis or some other religious extremist group in control of syria . 
  and that 's what will happen if he gets deposed . 
  yeah , i agree with you . 
  like i said , i do n't agree with the president 's position on this , i 'd rather stay out of this . 
  and i agree him being deposed is n't going to solve any long term problems . 
   look , i know you hate the kurds . 
  absolutely not . 
  i have plenty of kurdish friends . 
  they are much better integrated into turkey now then 20 years ago . 
  there 's even a turkish public television channel in kurdish . 
  i hate the pkk . 
  pkk ~ = kurds . 
   but if isis is defeated , they might get their own state in northern iraq , and then the pkk will probably flock their or lose a lot of their support . 
  you ca n't seriously prefer isis over the kurds ? 
  it 's hard to predict what would happen if the kurds would get a win in the region . 
  turkish kurds ~ = syrian kurds ~ = pkk . 
  the reality is that in terms of politics , syrian kurds and the pkk are most probably incompatible , as the pkk is communist and quite authoritarian . 
  i personally think it could mean civil war , but i 'm honestly not knowledgeable enough about kurds to be a reference . 
  but irregardless , the pkk winning in northern syria will mean that they increase their numbers and reapprovision in weaponry and that directly means turks dying . 
  we truly are in a situation where we 're fucked either way , but at least isis has n't killed any turks yet . 
  as a secular and atheist turk , i fucking hate isis , but i 'm not willing to give weapons or logistical aid to terrorists who set bombs around my country . 
  capitulate ? 
  considering the fact that assad has waged bloody war against it 's own people , using [ chemical warfare ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_civil_war#chemical_weapons ) , it 's not like these demands are abnormal . 
  [ i mean , obama himself has been aiding syrian rebels in the past . 
  ] ( http://online.wsj.com/articles/obama-proposes-500-million-to-aid-syrian-rebels-1403813486 ) if you really want to know , the whole erdogan obsession with assad pisses me off and i 'd rather we not meddle into syrian affairs , but assad is the definition of a blood-thirsty dictator , there 's no way of sugar coating it . 
  and having isis has a neighbour does n't scare me as much as terrorist attacks within the country , as nato rules pretty much force the west to come to our aid if isis wants to wage war against turkey . 
  then you are not aware of the history of the region . 
  isis does n't operate in turkey , would n't dare attack turkey ( we 're in nato , remember ? 
  ) , could n't do anything against turkey as our military is large , well equipped and well trained . 
  they 're simply a bunch of fucking lunatics in a foreign land to us that we watch with disgust .
