  would n't you be scared of an immigration wave if such a federation ever happened . 
  nah it did n't cause any offence . 
  sorry for my overly enthusiastic response mate . 
   you claim yourself that turkey lacks key democratic institutions and you want the goverment to fall , so is it then so strange that turkey has waited for 20 years ? 
  i 'd much rather vote the motherfuckers out , but i do n't trust the electoral process as the current government has shown that they will do anything to stay in power , and shown a blatant disregard for democracy . 
  if we ca n't rid of this cancer through ballots , might as well go on the street and put pressure on the man until he ca n't take it anymore . 
  i 'm not talking about a military coup here , i 'm talking about the people voicing their disapproval . 
  what ? 
  no , everyone would love to join the eu , but it 's not going to happen and it 's pretty obvious . 
  we 've been a candidate for 20 years with no progress , and even if we could close some chapters on this subject , germany or the uk would just veto our application . 
  so what 's the point ? 
  i 'm sick of my country being a north korean style dictatorship , i want the government to fall , but i 'm just not going to bother worrying about how it looks in europe . 
   do people in turkey realise ( sic ) how erdogan 's actions will be seen in the rest of europe ? 
  every westernized turk knows we look like a joke of a country . 
  but what the fuck are we supposed to do ? 
  the people have been on the streets for a year , tear gas is part of regular life now , but the motherfucker wo n't budge from power . 
  at this point , we do n't give a shit about eu , we just do n't want to live in a dictatorship . 
  at this point , no one in turkey gives a shit about eu . 
  divide and conquer , sadly . 
  that 's absurd . 
  there are many more genocides committed by european nations that should be recognized as well , why this is such a primordial issue for turkey 's candidature is beyond me . 
  that was before the islamic reforms by the sitting pm . 
  turkey is a much more secular state then the uk . 
  was linked on / r/turkey, 
  if you are german , and you think germany is a superpower : lol . 
  yeah , some things are more expensive some are less . 
  my european friends freak the fuck out when they see our gas prices , especially once you cross the border to the states . 
  phone prices in europe and north america are very different . 
  in canada it 's very hard to get a smartphone plan under 70 $ . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure you 're simply ignorant . 
  hey bud , you 're pretty ignorant . 
  i 'd stop right there if i were you . 
  really ? 
  generally koreans are well liked in turkey . 
  the two countries share a great friendship, 
   lincoln chafee ( whose campaign i 've donated to as well ) and martin o'malley . 
  something that could have been easily found on the wiki . 
  i literally know nothing about both . 
  warren is just better known and fit the bill for the point i was making . 
   if you 're actually going to compare re-election campaigns with campaigns where no sitting president is running as if they 're remotely the same , then you really do n't know anything about american elections . 
  i agree that there is a huge difference in the way a reelection is run but the underlying idea is there . 
  there is merit to a nominee coming out of the primaries looking `` presidential '' , as opposed to some of the mud slinging fests we sometimes see . 
  that was the point i was making from the get go . 
   if you 're not going to read the sources i 'm posting and still argue with me , then are you really being intellectually honest ? 
  there was no merit to the links you posted . 
  you could have as easily found links of people saying the exact opposite from conservative journalists . 
   i 'm unrealistic because i asked why the label will affect sanders more than it did obama ? 
  what ? 
  i 'm on my phone so i ca n't link anything but google the o'reily interview sanders did last year . 
  he straight up says `` i want to raise taxes a lot '' . 
  you think that stands a chance in the general ? 
  the label being thrown at democratic candidates in the past have been basically monkeys throwing feces and seeing what sticks . 
  in the case of sanders , it 'd basically be just playing segments of various interviews he did . 
  you do n't see the difference here ? 
  the tremendous problem ? 
   obama totally has n't shaken off those labels what are you talking about . 
  he 's still be attacked for his birth certificate , his policies are still routinely called socialist . 
  lol you 're talking about crazies from the far far right . 
  if anything these sorts of attacks help , because it makes all republicans look nuts . 
  i remember mccain during a townhall meeting in '08 telling a woman who asked about obama being a muslim that it was completely ridiculous . 
  romney did n't run based on calling obama a socialist either . 
  three ? 
   yes , but she is n't running and so i 'm not going to waste time supporting a candidate who is n't running . 
  if she announces , i will re-evaluate who i am supporting . 
  but for now it 's sanders . 
  literally had no idea who else to name . 
  glad you do n't waste time with a candidate not running . 
  good on you . 
   that said , a competitive primary is beneficial , and yes , i 've shown you one example of a competitive primary doing well , but you 've shown zero examples of a noncompetitive primary doing well . 
  every single successful re-election campaign ever . 
   not to mention . 
  i 've linked an article by someone who won a campaign saying the benefits of a competitive primary ( i bet you did n't even read it ) . 
  so yes , i think i 've made a point no did n't read it , do n't care . 
  i could literally take a second and google to find the exact opposite view , but you can do that yourself . 
  presidential elections sell a shitload of papers , there are articles on the effects of weather patterns on the results . 
  one article does n't mean much to me , but the view is tenable , i 100 % agree with that . 
   nothing in this paragraph details how sanders ' calling himself a socialist will actually be more harmful than the labels being put on clinton and obama . 
  obama still has n't shaken the label off , neither has clinton . 
  explain why sanders owning the term is worse . 
  you 're rational throughout all your posts until you get to this point . 
  after this point you start being unrealistic . 
  i get that you like the guy , he seems likeable , and honestly , i 've voted for more left leaning politicians before , but florida sure as fuck is n't voting for him . 
  literally does n't even deserve this debate . 
  as for the point you 're making , obama shaked off the muslim label as lunacy , shaked off the whole birther thing unhurt , and as well as the socialist labels , because all of these labels were just plain ridiculous . 
  it does n't think an overly competent pr team to manage this , just stick with the facts and you 'll win the media war on these issues , because obama is n't muslim , is n't a socialist and he 's born in hawaii . 
  now do you see where sanders has his issue ? 
  he ca n't fucking shake off the label , because that 's how he sees himself . 
  there is a tremendously warped view , and that is because of how the us and canada handle immigration . 
  unlike europe , immigration here is based on merit , and the best educated people are selected to come here , and generally they come from richer , secular and liberal families . 
  there is a certain disconnect with the reality of the average voter , and the fact that we get decent object media as opposed to state sponsored propaganda makes a difference . 
   warren is n't running i know . 
  i was just naming an example of an electable democrat the average reddit user likes . 
   look , before you start accusing an american of not understand a primary process he 's participated in twice already , actually do your research . 
  let 's go to the last election in which there was n't a president running for re-election : 2008 . 
  mccain practically coasted to the republican nomination while obama and clinton fought hard . 
  look who won . 
  the fact that you 're american means very little to me in this conversation . 
  obama was an exceptionally charismatic speaker riding the anti-bush train ( remember how mccain was avoiding any association with bush during that campaign ? ), 
  and he outspent him about 3 to 1 , and if i remember correctly , towards the end , 5 to 1 . 
  this time around do you really think the republicans are going to be outspent that easily ?
