  literally one example of a bloody nomination battle turning out well and you think you made a point . 
   not to mention that i 'm not the only one saying the democrats need a competitive primary . 
  and i did n't say the contrary . 
  i said it was n't that black and white , and it is n't . 
   once again , hillary clinton is the target of some of the worst attacks i 've seen in modern political elections , with maybe on obama having worse . 
  both obama and clinton have been called socialist . 
  it does n't matter who the democrats put forth , he or she is going to be accused of socialism by the republicans . 
  man , this is pretty funny . 
  yeah obama got hit with the socialist label , and the muslim label , and pretty much anything they could find , but sanders actually says that himself about him ? 
  why do you think republicans throw that label onto democrats as much as they can ? 
  because it fucking works . 
  that 's not something he can shake off . 
   twice in your post you 've accused me of not having a grasp of american politics or being deluded in some way , but at the same time you 've made rookie mistakes ( which i 've corrected and sourced ) in your post and demonstrated that you do n't actually understand the system . 
   i do n't think hillary has any appeal whatsoever - she 's a corporatist warmonger and due to her past positions and being the wife of a former president , it 's pretty hard to come much closer to being ` the establishment ' or even shaking off the image of political dynasties . 
  and ? 
  bush is bound the be the republican nominee , and he 's literally the same on all counts and worst . 
  i do n't think any of that matters , she 's got the money , the name recognition , the grass root activists , probably some of the best campaign staff in the country . 
  that 's what counts end of the day . 
  i kind of find it amusing you linked the young turks ( see my flair ) . 
  i actually know them , and know they are very left leaning . 
  i had to google pakman , and he seems to be mostly a progressist . 
  i really do n't feel like either represent the political reality of the united states . 
  i mean i could linke some rush limbaugh , but i 'll spare us the trouble lol, 
  i 'd google the `` it 's happening '' gif , but i 'm lazy . 
  come find me november 2016 . 
   so what you 're suggesting is that unless we automatically support clinton right now , we 're deluded bernie sanders supporters on reddit . 
  obama came out of guns blazing during the '08 campaign and caught up with clinton , while clinton was a mile ahead . 
  but obama was electable . 
  sanders is n't . 
  there are other * electable * candidates , like warren , that you 're better off clinging on to . 
   that 's not how it works , though . 
  we are currently in the primary process , not the general election , and until hillary is the nominee , we all have the duty as democrats as make it as competitive a primary process as possible to ensure the best results . 
  american politics kind of amuse me . 
  duty as democrats ? 
  lol . 
  and your understanding of the whole process is shaky at best . 
  a competitive nomination process can fire up the base come the general , but it can also cause a drain on the candidates ' treasury , and also the mud slinging fest always has repercussions . 
   and as for sanders running in the general election , you only need to see the stuff republicans are saying about hillary . 
  i doubt they could do any worse to sanders . 
  dat delusion, 
  label is losing it 's sting among the democratic voter base at best . 
  i 'd be wary of such a poll , those numbers do n't always tell the whole story . 
  there 's a clip from the west wing that really makes that point nicely : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t7fjfuuvxpi do you really think a self described socialist will be able to win any votes from undecided voters come election day ? 
  any republican with a modest attack ad campaign will decimate him in every battleground state . 
  but whatever , i do n't honestly care . 
  american presidents consistently act the same regardless of party when it comes to foreign affairs , which is the only thing that really impacts me . 
  keep on dreaming . 
  i do n't live in the us . 
  the reality is , even if the us is moving left , it 's still so far to the right that any politicians that accepts the socialist label is completely unelectable . 
  even if he surges in the polls the republicans will wipe the floor with him . 
  the way a democrat wins an election is mobilizing the latino + black vote ( something obama obviously does ) , and winning the undecided voters . 
  that just means being center of the political spectrum , no need to out republican republicans . 
   sanders ' views are n't that different from what american people want . 
  but the people do n't know that . 
  sanders ' views are absurdly to the left of the average american voter it 's not even funny . 
  i 'm not talking reddit going liberals , i 'm talking about joe the plumber types . 
  it 's not even about media either , it 's decades of anti-communist anti-socialist propaganda . 
  sanders does n't need to be portrayed as extremist , in terms of american politics , he already is ( even if he is n't in any european country or even canada ) . 
  hilary 's campaign is going to raise something like 2 billion $ . 
  even if she ca n't fire the troops herself the tv ads inevitable will . 
  i personally find it hard to predict how the inevitable bush vs. clinton general is going to go , and i think making any predictions right now would be foolish . 
  i 'd be willing to bet it 'd be a 50 state sweep . 
  look at the '84 election result , 49 state win , and that was just a popular reagan against a pretty average liberal . 
  i do . 
  nah we all know our country is runned by lunatics nothing new, 
  he 's got as much chance at being elected as i do and i 'm canadian . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  he 's a social democrat . 
  on the spectrum of american politics that 's as far left as you 'll find within the two main parties . 
  running him against a republican in the general would be a complete disaster . 
  it could be a 50 state sweep . 
  there 's just no chance . 
  lol bitcoiners . 
  as deluded as the bernie sanders supporters on reddit . 
  you can vote from embassies abroad as well you know . 
  i went last week to vote in ottawa , canada , and the street in front of the embassy was full of buses from which obviously conservative turks were flowing in . 
  the thing about akp is that they are organized as fuck , even half way across the world . 
  i 'm canadian and fuck this circlejerk . 
  it 's dumb . 
  having been to many bus terminals in europe and north america , you 're wrong . 
  istanbul 's terminal is quite simply hell . 
  jesus that shit is completely unwatchable . 
  i will never understand why anyone , let alone non-turks , watch that crap . 
  all airlines do this . 
  pretty much . 
  erdogan tried to play isis against the kurdish forces in northern syria but it 's backfiring . 
  there 's no support for isis ideologically in turkey . 
  german is widely taught in turkish high schools . 
  i know of a lot of friends who speak german back in turkey . 
  i do n't really get your point in your edit either . 
  most germans speak english indeed ? 
  lol you kidding ? 
  plenty of turks speak german . 
  every workplace in turkey constantly has tea brewing . 
  it 's pretty normal to drink 5-6 cups of tea a day at work alone . 
  it 's konya , a very conservative city . 
  whatever . 
  non mais t ` es idiot ou quoi ? 
  voir : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gi_2z5fnva4, 
  that 's not exactly true .
