  i doubt that . 
  most europeans are n't narrow minded dinosaurs like you are . 
   thank you for making another point for you never to be allowed to join . 
  your welcome . 
   honestly not . 
  you 'd be to busy infighting . 
  we would be infighting indeed , but that 's besides the point . 
  but perhaps you do n't understand how the eu works , but the number of mps are distributed according to population size . 
  we will be a more populated country then germany in 30 years . 
  so we would have the most seats . 
   where did i say anything about ethnicity ? 
  religion yes , but not once did i mention ethnicity . 
  here i 'm reading between the lines . 
  you 're bringing religion as an argument against turks in the eu ? 
  it 's a reasonable assumption that you have xenophobic tendencies . 
  honestly , arguing against you is just way too easy . 
  you have literally 0 good arguments , i have to provide them for you . 
  either way , we both agree turkey does n't belong in the eu , so let 's leave it at that . 
  i 'm extremely right wing . 
  so that 's just silly . 
  cyprus is n't at all in europe . 
  it 's in the eu . 
  culturally , some parts of turkey is european , anatolian part is not , true that . 
  i also did n't know that you needed to be christian for the eu . 
  now that we got the shit reasons why turkey does n't belong in the eu , let 's get out the real reasons : 1 . 
  our population is huge and if we were in the eu germany/france/uk would n't be able to handle the immigration wave . 
  we would be the biggest players in eu parliement by 2050 due to our size . 
  these reasons alone are great arguments . 
  quit your ethnic/religious bullshit to yourself . 
  lol i know , i 'm just joking around . 
  to be honest , we truly are the mexicans of europe . 
  i mean , unintegrated immigrants who serve delicious street food ? 
  yeah . 
  really . 
  the eu has nothing to do with some politician 's kid 's circumcision party . 
  i literally do n't see why this is an issue ? 
  it was a no name deputy governor in bursa who had a theme to the circumcision party of his son . 
  the `` outcry '' is that a lot of people in turkey do n't like the neo-ottoman symbols that the ruling party loves to show off , but in this case it 's pretty meh . 
  the guy got fired over this anyways . 
  did you read the article ? 
  i can give you a long list of reasons why turkey should n't join the eu , but this has nothing to do with it . 
  and why bring up the eu anyways ? 
  i should n't have been such an ass , but i dislike the high and mighty road that europeans take when it comes to our candidature . 
  lol . 
  it 's funny seeing how delusional europeans are about the eu . 
  no , the prime reason why turkey is n't ( and will never be ) in the eu has nothing to do with human rights , that 's just a very valid excuse that politicians can bring up . 
  there 's 2 main reasons 1 . 
  our population is gigantic and us integrating into the euro zone would cause serious immigration problems . 
  we would have an abnormal amount of weight in the eu parliament , where we would have the most seats by 2050 . 
  it 's completely normal for no one to want this . 
  but quit telling yourselves it 's about `` human rights issues '' . 
  the eu would mostly fix those problems through alignement of policies . 
  quit telling yourselves the eu is this wonderful magical human rights organization . 
  sampiyon kokorec in balik pazari is pretty much the only place where i eat that . 
  but yeah , if you eat it at the wrong place you 're going to have the shits . 
  porn is actually blocked pretty much in every muslim country . 
  you know what ? 
  it 's a good thing , it forces youth to learn how to get around censorship . 
  considering the state of turkey , it 's truly useful knowledge . 
  kokorec is basically food for gods . 
  there 's so much amazing turkish food the rest of the world has no idea about . 
  iskender is my go to kebab , can never have enough of it . 
  what i 'd recommend to you or any other tourists is to go to a nicer kebab place outside the touristic areas , and just ask for the mixed kebab plate . 
  you 'll discover a bunch of different stuff and they 're all amazing . 
  they do n't want us in eu , but they sure as well want our kebab . 
  this and midye tava , which is a sort fried mussels with a specific garlic sauce , is a must try in istanbul . 
  one great place that 's frequented by tourists and local alike that specializes in both is the restaurants in `` balik pazari '' , in front of galatasaray lise in beyoglu . 
  add a beer to the mix , and it really makes for a great cheap meal ( although it is n't `` street food '' ) . 
  the difference is that in turkey we have luxurious restaurants who serve an endless list of different kebabs , not just doner . 
  here 's a list , there are many more : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_kebabs#turkey it 's not just street food but can be high cuisine , and i feel like europeans have a huge misconception about this . 
  what you guys find in the streets in germany or the netherlands is n't what i 'd personally have in mind when i say i 'm going to a kebab place for supper . 
  it literally took no effort to get around the ban . 
  like seriously , hola would do the trick . 
  unlike the ban on porn sites where you actually need a vpn . 
  how are things in paris ? 
  i might have employment oppurtunity there but is living in paris as bad as they make it sound ? 
  that 's all fine , but as a montrealer i 'm telling you , you 're going to be called a `` maudit fran\u00e7ais de marde '' whenever you open your mouth . 
  no , as a quebecker that 's not true . 
  millions die everyday in africa , but we do n't do anything about them . 
  why do we need to get involved in syria and help those people when it puts us in the middle of a conflict that has no end . 
  i do n't know about you , but i 'm not happy about a potential war with syria ( and rte has been pushing for one for a while now ) , and i 'm not happy about funding islamic fighters there neither . 
  the situation is toxic for us , and by opening the border we started hosting fighters who use our fucking land as their base to launch attacks from . 
  fuck that . 
  get that shit out of my fucking country . 
  would you prefer if we went to war in syria ( like rte wants ) ? 
  or are you just happy with a bunch of poor syrians mugging people in the backstreets of beyoglu ? 
  syria is n't our problem . 
  it 's the usa and russia 's problem . 
  ok , great . 
  turkey takes all the shit so europe does n't . 
  wonderful . 
  fuck that shit , i do n't care what the syrians do but leave us the fuck out of it . 
  i do n't support intervention in syria . 
  i support not meddling with affairs that do n't concern us . 
  i do n't give two shits about syria , i would close my borders down and let them destroy themselves for all i care . 
  oh yeah , and then these people have the right to vote , and guess who they vote for ? 
  the hand that feeds them , erdogan . 
  oh and i 'm sure it looks great to the outside world how generous he 's been with the syrians , but now istanbul is filled with people carrying `` i 'm syrian and need help ... '' papers that they get their kids to carry around as they beg for money . 
  it 's possible , but i just do n't see how turks living in germany who know what a competent and non tyrannical government looks like would support a power-thirsty madman like erdogan . 
  who knows how well these people are paid to attend that rally .
