i told you not to get me started !!!, 
  * goes on a rampage, 
  do n't get me started on that . 
  do not get me started . 
  `` hey could you take a selfie of us please . '', 
  oh god , do n't say that ... never say that ... 
  how is that a selfie ? 
  that 's a photo ... 
  does selfie just mean any photo with a person in it ? 
  i 'm so confused ... edit : guys , i 've [ figured ] ( http://imgur.com/gdeyrr2 ) it out . 
  it * is * a selfie after all !, 
  never doubt british tabloids , they 're the pinnacle of well-sourced fact . 
  there are plenty of countries with high muslim populations that are less anti-semitic than some european countries . 
  there is certainly widespread prejudice against jews across the world , but it 's not universal among muslims . 
   it 's something that even so-called moderate muslims feel . 
  well given that most muslims live nowhere near the middle east i doubt the majority of muslims even have a hugely passionate opinion on the subject . 
   i would never advocate bombing civilian areas . 
  quite rightly , but that 's why you ca n't bomb away is . 
  surely you see why you ca n't bomb the entirety of syria to get is . 
  well we seem to fundamentally disagree then . 
  seems like pretty standard left-right conflict . 
  i do n't think putting people under crippling pressure to incentivise is worth it . 
  i do n't think leaving things as they are re : rent prices is the only solution . 
  i do n't think you 'll agree with me . 
  good luck with your phd though . 
  no one 's saying rent control will solve the housing shortage . 
  but something not being the cure for a problem does n't mean it 's useless . 
  rent controls help people who 're renting right now or looking for somewhere to live in the short term . 
  what sadiq khan is saying he 'll do is build more houses and at the same time cap rent prices . 
  rent controls do n't solve shortages of houses , obviously , but they help when housing is hard to get . 
  also no , i 'm not implying you 're a landlord . 
  i 'm saying that in my opinion the only people who should be opposed to rent caps are the people profiting off of extortionately high rent prices . 
  - nervous landlords everywhere to the people who need a place to live tomorrow , or ca n't see a future in their homes today , rent controls are a lifeline . 
  those people do n't care about its effect on `` the market '' and you get people who need homes into those homes by building social housing and then allocating it . 
  you ca n't get that done in an era of austerity , and while sadiq khan is n't a corbynite by any means , he 's the least likely of the two serious contenders to give in to the `` living within ~ ~ your ~ ~ our means '' rhetoric of cameron and osborne . 
  yeah it 's a lot of that stuff , but also i think it 's got something to do with thatcher 's selling off of a load of council houses and just generally no government building enough houses . 
  i think london 's lost something like two thirds of all social housing since the 60s . 
  meanwhile population has only just hit pre-war levels , so it 's not like there 's not enough space . 
  ok , i 'll take your word for it . 
  except khan is going to build more houses and also freeze rent prices . 
  is that complicated ? 
  i think it 's a pretty big leap to say that freezing rent prices ( obviously a short term solution ) would discourage building . 
  but yeah , you 're right i think in saying that any candidate would be afraid to be the mayor that lost every home owner 100k off their house price . 
  but i guess my response to that is that a labour mayor wants to do that but ca n't at this point in time . 
  a tory mayor does n't want to for ideological reasons . 
  he may not be the person who completely solves the issue -- hell , maybe it 's too late like you say and in the next few decades london will just become one massive oligarch playground -- but in the short term sadiq khan will make it easier to live in london , that 's why you should vote for him . 
  ( assuming you 're in london and eligible ), 
  to introduce a ` london living rent ' option for new affordable housing . 
  this will be a below-market rent , based on the principle that rents should be around one-third of renters ' incomes and not half . 
  this will provide a genuinely ` affordable ' option , filling the gap between the new social housing we need to build and homes for private sale or rent . 
  by keeping rents down , tenants will be able to afford their rents while saving for a deposit if they want to . 
  sadiq will establish a london-wide not-for-profit letting agency , building on the work of labour councils like hackney and islington in a federal structure . 
  this agency will provide good landlords and tenants with a responsible and reliable alternative to private lettings agencies , while promoting longer-term tenancies and stable rents . 
  the mayor 's office will crack down on rogue landlords and publish a regular list of the best and worst landlords in the capital . 
  sadiq 's plan proposes cross-borough action against the worst offenders and encouraging local authorities to set up licensing schemes , like newham has done . 
  sadiq will campaign with londoners for the power to freeze rents and for new rules to ensure that if necessary repairs are not started by landlords within a reasonable time period , tenants will be able to carry them out and deduct the cost from the rent . 
  a rent freeze over the last four years would have saved the average london renter # 5,615 that could have been saved towards a deposit . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2015/05/why-sadiq-khan-candidate-best-offer-renters )  `` i 'll be a different kind of mayor -- a hands-on mayor . 
  i 'll take personal responsibility for getting homes for londoners built . 
  no external bodies with highly paid commissioners or monthly board meetings . 
  my new homes team will report directly to me at city hall , and i 'll make ensuring that we 're building the right sort of new homes a matter of highest priority . 
  ** i 'll personally oversee the bringing forward of land , the unlocking of development , and the building of thousands of homes . 
  ** '' sounds like he 's your man  [ source ] ( http://labourlist.org/2015/06/sadiq-khan-mayoral-candidate-outlines-his-proposals-to-tackle-londons-housing-crisis/ ), 
  this is a good thing , with housing so extortionately expensive in london a labour mayor is pretty much a necessity . 
   you seem to be spewing the liberal propaganda that people can choose their gender and that some people can be non binary and sht a few years ago you 'd be saying the same about gay and lesbian people . 
  get back in your reactionary box . 
   wo n't argue about the rest of what you said but if people who feel to be in wrong gender are a total minority , do n't you think its a bit wasteful to teach every kid about this ? 
  well given that lgbt people experience a great deal of social stigma , maybe teaching kids at a young age about these things will decrease the levels of stigma and lead to a better , more tolerant , society for everyone ? 
  read the comment i was replying to bud . 
  he literally says `` europeans should have their own continents too '', 
  well basically i was accusing you of being so obsessed with getting rid of refugees ( obsessed enough to be willing to disregard the judgement of the united nations and the eu ) because you have something against middle eastern people being in your country . 
  and yeah , if it were up to me more refugees would already be in my country . 
  i 'm not a hypocrite . 
  what you have to realise is that years from now if syria stabilises enough for those who want to return to do so ( and imo that 's the majority of the refugees ) then they 'll be a sizeable number of people who have set up their lives in your country and others . 
  people who will have spent years building up a network of friends or maybe family . 
  who , in order to return , would have to uproot everything they have . 
  and that your enthusiasm to * force * those people to leave speaks volumes about your contempt and lack of empathy . 
  and makes me wonder what it is about these people you dislike so much . 
  the dissonance is hilarious when you try to disparage minorities * and * pretend there 's any danger of you becoming one in a single comment . 
  also , do n't forget to bash muslims . 
  in / r/europe that 's like a full stop . 
  morally there 's an argument to be made that there is something wrong with deporting refugees who 've overstayed . 
  although if you actually read the comment i was replying to , you 'll see the op specifically said they 'd be deported in spite of what the eu and un - ie international lawmakers - say . 
  `` i know this 'll set down voted , but i got ta say ... 
  i feel uncomfortable around people of different ethnicities and cultures '' [ +364 ] `` edit : and do n't even think my issue with races other than my own has * anything * to do with race !, 
  you guys are the real racists ! '', 
  it 's a pretty backwards view to think that an ideal situation is a country for every ethnicity . 
  so you 're literally advocating breaching international law in order to ethnically purify your country ? 
  what 's your political leaning btw ? 
  super hard to guess . 
  why do you think that after centuries of cultural change and mixing between other areas of the world , european culture * today * should stop accepting integration and interaction from other parts of the world ? 
  what is so special about our culture that means it should reject other cultures , despite being a mixture of countless others ? 
  because the bnp are racists , and are more likely to unfairly target non-white people as a result of their racism . 
  you 're already more likely to be randomly stopped and searched if you 're black in the uk , no need to exacerbate that issue . 
  do you seriously not see the difference between drawing a comparison to nazism when talking about a far-right nationalistic party fuelled by hostilities towards certain minority groups , and calling everyone you disagree with a nazi ? 
  is that seriously , honestly , what you think the person you replied to was doing ? 
  see : norway . 
  yes racism is a massive problem in the usa , but it 's true in both the us and the u.k. . that a black person with the same cv as a white person will be picked less . 
  it 's true in both the us and the u.k. . that a black person is more likely to be stopped and involuntarily searched by the police . 
  true in both that black people receive harsher sentences than white people who commit the same crime .
