  the people in our provinces of limburg and brabant are somewhat closer to flemings in language , culture and religion yet they do n't feel like seceding and joining belgium . 
  we have the province of friesland in which the majority are a different ethnicity and speak a different language yet we 've been able to keep them from seceding and make them feel part of our country . 
  none of these situations are of course exact parallels but the point is that we do n't need a greater netherlands , neither do you need a greater albania . 
  as long as the balkan peoples can keep from killing each other over territory and concede some autonomy and language rights they do n't each need a greater * insert nation * to encompass all of their compatriots . 
  i guess this is what you get if you did n't manage to do some nation building these past two centuries . 
  well as long we 're agitating for willy-nilly separatism northern italy itself would be the next candidate if only for economic reasons , non ? 
  very little if spain is n't inclined to ever recognize is , that 's for sure . 
  well of course they would n't . 
  it 's not really their problem . 
  the cost of building and guarding a wall would probably be much higher than the ( probably negligible ) cost serbia incurs by refugees trekking through the country . 
  if they did somehow build an effective wall the route would probably just shift towards albania , kosovo , and montenegro . 
  so good on them i guess . 
  though vucic 's smugness is somewhat misplaced i reckon . 
   of course it 's the poorest country . 
  it literally just gained independence and is in the infant stages of it 's life . 
  sorry it 's not a super power like holland but it took your country centuries to get to where it is today . 
  so do n't expect a country that just got out of a terrible war and just declared independence in the last decade to be exactly up to western standards . 
  especially since certain economical powers ( russia , spain etc ) still refuse to recognize it . 
  i do n't expect it to be perfect or live up to ` western ' standards . 
  i would * like * however for it to not be a mafia-state . 
   no the great power saved us from being annexed when woodrow wilson declared `` the albanian people are an historic people and will continue to be an historic people of europe '' . 
  you guys did everything in your power to make sure we were annexed by greece and serbia . 
  so please do not speak arrogantly on history that you are not even aware of . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  albania was created by great power intervention in 1912 during the 1st balkan war . 
   i did n't say more albanian live outside of albania . 
  i said more live outside of albania and in the balkans than inside the actual borders . 
   that should tell you how badly you guys fucked up drawing the borders . 
  you should be happy that the great powers intervened at all and were able to push the greeks and serbs to cede what they did . 
  nobody was under any obligation to go beyond that and go to war against the serbs and greeks to get some random ethnic group in the balkans every little piece of land their ultranationalists wanted for them . 
   but then again western europe has sometimes been too arrogant to listen to logic . 
  really ? 
   do you even hear yourself ? 
  yup ,  i bet your the type of person who would have stayed quiet during the holocaust . 
  nice . 
  the point was n't that we should never intervene in massacres . 
  the point was that having had a tragic past does n't make you entitled to the land of neighbouring states nor does it make your ethnic group in any way unique in that aspect . 
   but then again you are dutch so i know for a fact that your grandparents did . 
  i know for a fact that one of the things the dutch did do was send people into albania to help get you ready to govern yourself and secure northern epirus against greek separatists ( who i 'm sure by your logic had every right to use military means to secede from albania , right ? ) . 
   why do these bad things never happen to the dutch ? 
  historical luck i guess . 
   because you have more money ? 
  so does that mean that you have more right to life ? 
  this ideology is entirely what is wrong with europe , and why germany has surpassed all of you ( because they 've moved far away from it ) . 
  suuuureee . 
  i 'm sure that putting words into my mouth is fun and all , it certainly makes your arguments easier to make . 
  the point i was trying to make however is that every ethnic group in the world has been dealt a raw deal at some point in their history , and lots of them have suffered worse than the albanians have . 
  not being quite as successful in securing land as your neighbours had been does n't make endless military and political agitation for irredentism any less idiotic , damaging , or criminal . 
   b ) have all my rights protected , not be discriminated against , and be part of a country that shares my culture and ethnicity . 
  the poorest country in europe . 
  a country run for seven years by a known organ harvester and war criminal who still holds a political office . 
  a country whose young people seem to want nothing more than to leave for germany . 
   this is simply the albanians trying to correct a mistake that you the west made in 1918 . 
  ` we ' the west , did n't do such a thing . 
  the great powers at the time saved you from being wholly annexed by greece and serbia and created an albanian state for all the good that did the region . 
  if you really think that constantly agitating politically and militarily for irredentism is a good way towards prosperity , peace and harmony i do n't know what to tell you . 
   this is simply the albanians trying to correct a mistake that you the west made in 1918 . 
  you displaced millions of us outside of our natural territory and to this day twice as many ethnic albanians live outside albanians border in the balkans than they do within it . 
  and more serbs live outside serbia than in it , even after most of their neighbours decided on cleansing them from it . 
  bad things happen to some ethnic groups , deal with it . 
  would you prefer it that this continued irredentist nonsense leads to all out war again so the albanians of southern serbia can know the joy of being part of failed state that is kosovo as well ? 
  would you like it if albanians and serbs would again start slaughtering each other just for the joy of having an ethnically ` whole ' failed state ? 
  most of his post is n't really true . 
  point still stands , serbia might not be a great place at the moment but it 's certainly not a mafia-state on the level of kosovo . 
  if they do they 're idiots . 
  serbia is far from perfect but i do n't get how anyone ( even an ultranationalist ) can look at kosovo today and say `` yup , that 's what i want to be a part of . 
  glorious homeland . '', 
  what prospects does syria even have at this point ? 
  with the outburst of sectarian tensions , the destruction of infrastructure , the massive amount of wounded , the people who ( in large part permanently ) left etc. 
  even if it does n't permanently disintegrate and we somehow pull a bosnia & herzegovina and slap it back together it might well turn out a failed state anyway . 
  though the refugee situation has surely upset the balance and might cause further trouble . 
  it would n't be the first time either . 
  no you do n't . 
  by my count , we 've had a grand total of like three or four invasions in the last four hundred years . 
  the majority of those being before 1800 . 
  edit : woops , you 're part kurdish . 
  my bad . 
  well the naming issue is quite dumb but let 's not forget that macedonia has hardly been the reasonable party . 
  from the relentless ` irredentism ' towards territory they never possessed or ever were a majority in to the ridiculous claiming of ancient macedonian history . 
  even op seems to not understand that as far as ` claiming ' the ancient macedonian history and heritage as their own goes the greek claim is far better than the macedonian by virtue of the ancient macedonians speaking greek rather than a slavic language and predating slavs in the region by thousands of years as well as ancient macedonia being located almost entirely in what is today 's greece . 
  modern macedonia is situated in the * geographic * region of macedonia but contains almost none of ancient macedonia . 
  israel is still technically at war with syria and is the subject of intense hate among most ordinary syrians . 
  those issues do n't exist in either austria or hungary . 
  moreso than for most of europe . 
  i 've no illusions about syrian love for ( and benefit to ) europe ( beyond its money and opportunities ) but syrians are n't taught hatred for europe like they are of israel . 
  well , gorbachev 's reforms were well on their way and many eastern european heads of state were quite worried at the prospect of their overlord liberalizing to the point of self-destruction which threatened their own survival and that of their version of socialism . 
  poland had already had her first semi-free elections in june of that year which had resulted in a stunning victory for solidarity ( as far as the seats it was able to contest were concerned ) . 
  the writing was certainly on the wall . 
  well it 'd be pretty masochist for israel to take in syrians , would n't it ? 
  a lot of luck was involved with the world cup , i 'd reckon . 
  plus most of the better players are on the wrong side of 30 these days . 
  not questioning that but i do have some doubts as to the wisdom of an approach that encourages people to come to germany in a way that puts immense pressure on greece , macedonia , serbia , hungary and austria . 
  ` you europeans ' as in the french and british ? 
  what were they supposed to have done instead ? 
  let them sort it out themselves through tribal wars ? 
  should ` we ' have let all of them have had a war like turkey did which resulted in millions of refugees and the virtual extinction of millennia-old communities ? 
  would that have worked ? 
  should ` we ' have carved out fifteen thousand little microstates ( which inevitably would still contain minorities ) so each and every little tribe was contented ( which they would n't have been anyhow ) ? 
  these borders have been established for more than 90 years now , that 's more than enough time to do some nation building . 
  again , when do the syrians become responsible for their own misgovernment ?
