  still does n't contradict the obvious fact that you hate russians which you were denying earlier . 
   so if oceania incades the netherlands , deports its population and brings in millions of oceanians , then you consider it justice that they now get to decide the future of the country ? 
  if the alternative is to give complete control of the country to a minority population and then inevitably set of a chain of completely avoidable ethnic conflict ... yes ? 
  if it was a choice between a functional society with the natives ( of several centuries ago ) could be protected as opposed to one where you hand over political power to an ethnic minority which would inevitably set off ethnic conflict i 'd go with the practical alternative and not the ethno-supremacist one which seeks to ignore hundreds of years of history because someone feels that ethno-supremacist minority rule is somehow historically just . 
   you took it so far , not me . 
  yes because you 're weaselly avoiding the inevitable result of the objective insanity that is minority ethno-supremacist rule because you want to be seen as a courageous defender of indigenous peoples or whatnot . 
  you do n't get to advocate this nonsense and then ignore the logical consequences of it actually being applied . 
   12 % forms the indigenous population . 
  why should immigrants decide the political status of the country ? 
  12 % forms the remnant of the dominant ethnic group of * 240 years ago * . 
  you 're advocating that political power everywhere should be based on the regional dominant ethnic group of centuries ago even when they 're tiny minorities now ( though in practice you find excuses to not apply it to basically every country but russia ) . 
  let 's just reverse all political power and hand over political power to minority ethnic groups according to the demographic balance of hundreds of years ago . 
  let 's hand over 80 % of russia to various minorities who 'll still be minorities in their new states , 20-30 % of ukraine goes to a handful of tatars , half of poland goes to the germans , 10 % of germany goes to the sorbs , we 'll partition france and create mini states for all its natives whose languages are already practically dead and who have mostly assimilated into mainline french identity , we 'll hand kosovo back over to the serbs because the albanians there were a product of ottoman rule so obviously have to be lorded over by the serbs who are the real natives , we 'll hand hungary back most of what it lost in trianon because the non-hungarian populations there were also mostly the result of ottoman and austrian rule , we 'll just hand over all of turkey to greece , armenia , and the kurds etc. 
  do you honestly not see what inane results your idiotic conception of rightful ownership of territory and rightful political power ( * based on ethnicity * , which is hilariously regressive ) creates when consistently applied ? 
  literally nobody but a few radicals are advocating any of these irredentist concepts and yet the logical conclusion of your ridiculous ideas would be to bring about all of them ( and more ) and the obvious ethnic conflicts they would inevitably produce . 
  again , ethno-supremacist minority rule based on * your personal feelings as to who is indigenous and who is not * is objectively an idiotic idea . 
  it will never produce a functional society and the only reason you 're suggesting it here ( where no serious commentator would suggest it and where you very well know it would be a dysfunctional mess ) is because the people to whose detriment it will work are russians . 
   works with other such cases in the old world as well ... you 're not rabidly suggesting these moronic ideas for anyone but russia , and it is equally stupid outside of it . 
   your claim , not mine . 
  yes , i too am in the habit of [ referring to a culture and people as subhuman ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4w5jtd/finnish_areas_ceded_in_1944_619_x_800/d65jyfv ) and denigrating them every other comment , when in fact i have no strong feelings towards them . 
  that 's just my objectivity shining through , see ? 
  you were wrong , he was right . 
  the census data is taken directly from official tsarist and soviet censuses . 
  take it easy dude . 
  and the tatars are n't the only people who ever got massacred or expelled . 
  or is anyone in this thread foaming at the mouth about the crimean tatars also arguing for poland to turn over half its land to germany ? 
  you 're arguing they should be dictated over by 12 % of crimea 's population . 
  which is arguably even more insane . 
  minority rule is retarded and would produce continual ethnic conflict . 
  hell , look at one of the only places on earth where this ridiculous shit has been actually applied . 
  the abkhaz got swarmed with georgian settlers for a century , then in the 90s they decided that as the only indigenous people ( by your inane criteria only they would apply ) only they had the right to run things and so 200,000 georgians got ethnically cleansed and now a former minority of 18 % in 1989 is over half the population today and can finally run things by themselves . 
  a hurrah for rule by indigenous peoples , right ? 
  oh good . 
  we 're back to the nonsense reasoning that 12 % of the population of the region should decide the political fate all by themselves and the rest should be dictated over and have their rights ignored because of your obsession with a complete arbitrary conception of indigenousness and your dislike of russians . 
  great . 
  there 's good reasons for arguing against russia 's sovereignty over crimea . 
  your hatred for russians and the justification you make up for that after the fact are n't among them . 
  yeah that 's a weird passage . 
  that would 've been the official serb position in 1913-40 and maybe some ultranationalists still believe so these days but to say ` serbia ' considers macedonians ` south serbs ' is just bizarre when serbia-macedonia relations are actually perfectly fine . 
  and you get a 0/10 for reading comprehension . 
  try better next time . 
  into parts of ukraine held by separatist/russian forces . 
  it 's perfectly alright to make the argument that that 's justified , that 's not the issue . 
  the point is that  russia always tries shit during the olympics . 
  is a nonsense argument since the one ` trying shit ' here would quite clearly be ukraine . 
  that is if your ancestors were to be seen as easy to assimilate , the plan was for a fairly big proportion of the natives to be deported . 
  the proponents of the plan were pretty keen on getting [ ` german territory without germans ' ] ( http://www.warrelics.eu/forum/attachments/history-research-third-reich-ww2/21625d1229894630-bakker-schut-plan-mooi-20plaatje.jpg ) . 
  ( personally i 'd say that from a historical perspective it 'd have been neat to have gotten geldern , it was part of the spanish netherlands that prussia took in the 1600s and is the former capital of one of our provinces , gelderland , which even takes its name from it ) . 
  if it degenerates into war a corridor could still be created if hungary thinks that would be worth it , the same way [ hungary annexed northern transylvania during wwii ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?q=northern+transylvania&amp;rlz=1c1giwa_ennl593nl593&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewi3kdkfuldoahuhphqkhz_vdhsq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=979#imgrc=f7qst7vbzxiyrm%3a ) . 
  mind you this is all very much worst-case-scenario if all went to hell and romania 'd suddenly be at war with the neighboring country they 're currently allied with and everything . 
  i 'm 99.99 % sure nothing of the sort is going to happen regardless . 
  for a real-life example of a similar situation . 
  armenia and azerbaijan are currently fighting over the armenian-populated enclave of nagorno-karabakh . 
  said territory was completely enclaved by azerbaijan ( de jure it 's azerbaijani territory ) but that did n't stop armenia ( and local seperatists ) from taking it and occupying much of the surrounding ( formerly azerbaijani-populated - both sides cleansed their territory of the other 's ethnicity ) territory between it and nagorno-karabakh . 
  kosovo is about the concept of territorial integrity as a whole , not about opposing the us for its own sake ( and brazil has pretty decent relations with the us regardless ) . 
  it 's why nigh-on every country with even a hint of a serious separatist movement has n't recognized kosovo so far . 
  any nation in the world would vehemently dislike being bombed to hell and forced to cede part of their country . 
  / u/beskucnikov has already referred to the medieval period , the amount of monasteries and the battle so i 'll just lay out some important recent history . 
  this is mostly about the perceived importance of the place , as to its ` true ' importance , you 'll have to remember that territorial conflicts like these amplify nationalist romanticism for the territories that are lost or considered to be in danger . 
  i ca n't answer as to how important kosovo really is but its recent perceived importance goes back to the 80s with an ( apparent ) increase in abuses by kosovo albanians of kosovo serbs and a revival of serb nationalism . 
  since the 1974 constitution the position of serbia within yugoslavia was rather poor from the perspective of its political power within the union . 
  uniquely within yugoslavia , serbia had two of its provinces ( vojvodina and kosovo ) given autonomous status and extensive political power within the federation : essentially they functioned as member republics ( like bih , croatia , slovenia etc. ), 
  even though they were technically part of serbia . 
  this meant that serbia was rather consistently outvoted in yugoslav politics until slobodan milo\u0161evi\u0107 engineered populist coups in vojvodina and kosovo , reversing the previous ` anti-serbia ' political balance within the federation and creating a pro-serbian political voting block as one of the first steps towards working to create a serb hegemony within yugoslavia , or failing that , to forge a greater serbia out of its dissolution . 
  of course people will be wary of ultra-nationalism in general so they need a convincing narrative to persuade them that attacking their neighbors , increasing ethnic tensions , playing up minute differences , forming mobs , bullying minorities etc. 
  is the right idea . 
  so you start playing up the importance of one of the territories perceived to be in danger by its local majority ethnic group . 
  you promote the idea that your group is being humiliated and oppressed locally as well as in the larger regions . 
  you dig out national mythologies , you play up the importance of religious buildings in the region and the important battles there in the nationalist mythology etc. 
  you get people to feel humiliated at their proud nation being debased and persecuted by invaders ( historical sources seem to suggest albanians became the majority in kosovo during the ottoman period , serbs having been previously the majority ) in the historic heart of the country etc. 
  crucially in kosovo that meant that the anti-serb climate was replaced with one of the oppression of the majority-albanian population , increasing ethnic tensions and eventually creating a sectarian insurgency by the albanian ` kosovo liberation army ' ( kla ) that true to its purpose provoked an overreaction by milo\u0161evi\u0107 which in turn provoked a nato bombing campaign and eventually the 2008 declaration of independence by kosovo . 
  i kind of miss people thinking you were serious all the time and downvoting you to hell . 
  everyone knowing you 're just being cheeky is n't as fun :(, 
   yeah turks come from nowhere and just murdered peaceful greek for a. ... being greek ? 
  one who started ethnic cleaning in 1963-1964 ) intercommunal violence / = / ethnic cleansing campaign . 
   just look at what i wrote , we have enough reason to save our people and protect their rights . 
  also , one who murdered is not just military junta , but greek cypriots too . 
  when there is still this kind of people other side of the border , how can turks trust them ? 
  building trust is mutual . 
  if , from the very beginning bully a country around and actively aim to increase intercommunal violence there to your benefit then maybe you might just not be deserving of trust to begin with . 
  turkey knew exactly what it wanted to provoke which is why it actively funded the tmt . 
   and talking about `` colonialists '' , yes , dumping your own citizens on occupied territory is colonialism , and illegal under international law as well as reprehensible from a moral , ethical standpoint . 
   turks have majority of the cyprus , but thanks to the brits , this is changed , very first british census registered an ethnic balance ( roughly 80-20 ) which has more or less stayed around the same . 
   there is 1 million cypriot turks in the world . 
  once again , the true mark of a rationalist . 
  pick a random point in the past where you like the demographic balance best as if that were somehow the natural order of things , and argue that that exact demographic balance at that time ( in this case one accomplished by the ottoman empire encouraging settler colonialism ) is somehow natural and fair and that any infringement on that is unfair . 
  to summarize : any demographic changes to your benefit : a-okay , muh glorious t\u00fcrkiye any demographic changes not to your benefit : evil western/gavur ethnic cleansing/imperialism turks are the real victims here next thing you know we 'll be forced to commit ethnic cleansing on hundreds of thousands of people again :( ( ( (  so , if someone can change the numbers , well , we can fix this . 
  once again . 
  that 's colonialism , illegal , unethical , immoral etc. 
  though to the ultranationalist these terms are of course meaningless . 
  your side is not right because you acted more justly , more rightly , with more restraint etc. 
  no , your side is right because it 's your side and the other is just that , * the other * . 
   again and again , ethnic violence does n't caused by turks . 
  it 's started 11 years before operation atilla . 
  just look what eoka have done to turkish cypriots . 
  if your objective is to not cause ethnic violence then funding a [ terrorist group ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_resistance_organisation ) that exists to cause ethnic violence is probably not the best course of action . 
  poor turkey is apparently just misunderstood and clumsy . 
  it wants people to live in peace but then it trips and accidentally sends tons of arms and funds to a terrorist group . 
   turkish cypriot terrorism ?!, 
  ridiculous .
