  none of that contradicts what i already told you . 
   you brought it up . 
  except i still did n't . 
  i was talking about chechnya and then you randomly started talking about crimea when it was crystal clear i was referring to chechnya . 
   perhaps because it 's a lot more ambiguous as you yourself explained ? 
  except you 're not ambiguous about these things whenever they have to do with russia . 
  you keep coming back to these statements of moralistic outrage whenever it has to do with russia . 
  to every practical objection i 've given you you keep coming back to blanket statements ` people have rights to self-determination ! ', 
  or something like that . 
   to the degree of a genocide ? 
  before nato intervened and escalated the situation the amount of albanians temporarily displaced in kosovo was something like a tenth ; 200,000 people iirc . 
  the amount of russians in chechnya meanwhile has been cut down by 90 % since 1989 , from 250,000 to 25,000 . 
   nice passive aggressiveness . 
  it 's not passive aggressiveness , just disappointment . 
   when did i call russians subhuman ? 
  i 've linked to the comment before , you can repeat your dishonest excuse though , if that makes you happy ( though i doubt you fully believe it yourself ) . 
  the singer in question is oleg gazmanov , that name of course will not ring many bells for most of you , so [ here 's a wonderfully subtle , immensely artistic , touching piece of his ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r29k_t_o9to ) that you might have come across before , and that will give you a taste of what exactly he stands for . 
  it is n't mostly populated by russians though . 
  russians , moldovans , and ukrainians are all roughly an equal share of the population ( 30 % each ) , though ussr-nostalgizing seems fairly popular with a majority regardless . 
  in the long run though , ukraine and moldova/romania would both immensely benefit from transnistria being dissolved . 
  there 's also still real people there who deserve better than a mafia state that has no long-term prospects . 
  azerbaijan 's regime is n't exactly one any self-respecting western country should seek to emulate though ( not that i 'm saying lithuania is necessarily in the wrong here , they can ban whomever they want , and this one seems more than deserving of such a ban ) . 
   as said , it 's idiotic to try a separatist movement in today 's russian dictatorship . 
  many of the nations have basically just given up and accepted russification ... you keep using that word even when it 's damn obvious that 's largely not what 's going on . 
  russians have by and large started moving out from for instance the north-caucasus , the demographic balance between ethnic groups on a national level has largely stayed the same since 1989 and it does n't seem they 're about to change since russia has a sub-replacement birth-rate and its minorities by and large have higher ones . 
   sheer force is an exaggeration ? 
  next to russia ?? 
  it 's applicable in chechnya . 
  that 's basically it . 
  saying that for instance tatarstan or kalmykia is held together with sheer force is objectively moronic . 
  of course once again the realities still matter little considering we 're dealing with your great satan . 
   all the political power ? 
  wow again ... 
  yes , you do say ` wow ' a lot . 
  it 's apparently quite easy to shock you with logical interpretations of your viewpoints . 
   so russia decided which nation is in federation of the ussr and which is part of russia and you are ok with it ? 
  do you think they should have stayed part of bolshevik russia even though they themselves did n't want it just because of some imperialist constitutional policy ?? 
  as yugoslavia decided which nation was in a federation . 
  as france decided that its provinces were n't separate nations . 
  as italy decided that regional italian identities were n't national identities . 
  as poland decided that silesia was n't a separate nation etc. 
  as the netherlands decided that limburg and friesland were n't separate nation-states . 
   estonia , latvia , lithuania all became independent illegally in 1918 . 
  pre-wwii / = / post wwii as far as international law goes . 
   how the hell is territorial integrity above the right of self determination ? 
  read the helsinki final act . 
   lol , do you ? 
  based on what education ? 
  based on me not proposing inane projects that would lead to perennial territorial and ethnic conflicts based on my own personal biases against a certain ethnicity . 
   as i 've explained to you now countless times , i called these people subhuman , who want to destroy my country . 
  i would also call nazis subhuman or islamic terrorists ... make whatever excuse you want . 
   how typical . 
  common rhetorical device , anyone but you would 've immediately recognized that . 
   and how about those 35 regional languages ? 
  do you have any idea how dire their situation is and how much just on paper their official status is ? 
  regional languages are doing well pretty much everywhere considering there 's been an exodus of ethnic russians in many of the republics , particularly in the north caucasus . 
  for instance 1989-2010 = * russian population in dagestan shrunk by a third . 
  * the russian population in chechnya was decimated to a tenth of what it was while chechens have grown by 500,000 and now constitute 95.3 percent of the population . 
  * in kabardino-balkaria the kabardey and balkar have each grown by a third and russians have declined by a fifth , with russians only making up 22.5 % of the population at this stage . 
  outside of the caucasus ; * russians in kalmykia are down to two thirds of what they were . 
  * in tatarstan since 1989 the russians have shrunk by 75,000 while tatars have grown by 250,000 with their language also being in immeasurably better shape than in 1989 . 
  i could name more examples but i 'll stop now . 
  to sum it up , if this is russification the russians have sure become bad at the whole thing . 
  it really is only relatively tiny populations that were beyond saving in 1989 already that are in a real trouble . 
   yet it should be illegal against an indigenous population . 
  well it is n't illegal , is in large parts not a forceful policy and ca n't be helped in any case , this is the real world . 
  large states ( sometimes glacially ) slowly assimilate tinier ethnicities ( sometimes so slow in fact that you do n't see much of anything changing for decades as we have in russia comparing the 1989 and 2011 censuses ) regardless of the efforts made to save them . 
  to pick an example close to home ; tiny languages in the netherlands like dutch low saxon , limburgish and frisians have also suffered somewhat . 
  france has utterly decimated minority languages and eroded regional identites , great britain almost drove welsh  all ? 
  all ? 
  exaggerating to prove a point , again . 
  if you 'd just calm down you could probably understand it better . 
   and of course i would give many of them , why would n't i ? 
  all nations have the right to govern their own business . 
  which can be done perfectly well within a larger state . 
   then stop protecting russian imperialism and russification !, 
  i have n't once done so . 
  i 've put russification and russia holding on to its territorial integrity into context with other countries having done similar things . 
   guess again ... 
  i was replying to you on the subject of chechnya , which is perfectly clear from the context . 
  this is n't difficult you just need to stop being so morally outraged all the time and try to actually read . 
   and you think territorial integrity definitely goes above other rights ... 
  the helsinki final act does , and it also says that territorial integrity and self-determination are n't by definition conflicting concepts . 
   of course , but chechens are indigenous people of this territory , unlike russians in crimea . 
  how is crimea relevant to this conversation ? 
  ( mind you , even the concept of indigenousness is irrelevant to this conversation . ), 
   to a degree indeed , but in serbia you need to take into account that the serbs were actively organizing a genocide against its minority populations ... that 's disputed . 
  and chechnya saw active persecution of russians as well . 
   and who said i support georgia in adjara ? 
  you do n't go foaming at the mouth about the subject like you do with anything to do with russia . 
  ( and as far as ethnic factors go adjara is a qualitatively different conflict as well , having more to with warlordism than ethnic conflict though once again given all the ` knowledge ' you 've displayed before i do n't expect you to know this stuff . ), 
   again , a victim of russian propaganda . 
  it 's saddening how easily western europeans fall for that . 
  i 'm a very odd victim of russian propaganda considering all i 've said on the putin regime , ukraine , donbass , mh17 , crimea etc. 
  in the past . 
  if the goal of russian propaganda is to create people who disagree with everything about russia 's regime but occasionally protest when people literally call russians subhuman then they 're playing a very peculiar game indeed . 
   but the foreigners do n't have the right to take over another nation !, 
  reductive moralistic nonsense . 
  rights are based on international agreements and domestic laws , not on your vague feelings of what 's just or not . 
   applying some real life examples on every case = making things up .
