well to be fair turkey does n't really advertise itself well . 
  and a lot of those ancient ruins and historical locations get fuck-all as far as preservation is concerned . 
  nicholas ii was an ineffectual ruler who did n't really want the throne but took and held onto it out of a messiah-complex . 
  i never said he was a good man , he was n't , he 's just complicated . 
  as to the tldr : there 's forty years between the end of czarism and khrushchev taking power . 
  we ca n't hope to assume what would 've happened socio-economically if russia emerged from wwi victorious or the war did n't happen . 
  serfdom had been abolished for fifty years by the late imperial period , and peasant living standards had slowly improved since the end of the napoleonic war . 
  besides , there were n't just serfs and nobility and nothing in between . 
  the kulaks were massacred or carried off to siberia in their entirety , and it 's worth remembering that these were ` rich ' farmers in the sense that they were getting by before thugs came and took all their belongings . 
  i really dislike the article 's implications . 
  russia is treated as inherently expansionist and ( in a way ) evil . 
  the characterization of russia 's conquest of kazan as merely expansionist , bullying and evil ignores kazan 's continuous raiding of russia 's territory which crippled russian agriculture and economic development . 
  kazan was a real threat to russia 's independence for some time . 
  it 's worth remembering that most of the tatar states russia annexed initiated aggression against russia first and considered hostilities against it as the natural order of things . 
  plus , one simply ca n't characterize a country with a long , rich , varied history as `` bullies and conquerors '' as if this were a d&d setting . 
  russophobia ( for lack of a better term , russia as it is does pose a real threat to peace in europe ) really is poisoning the discussion on reddit . 
  one would occasionally think we 're back in the 19th century or 1940s when the ordinary russian ( and along with him russia itself ) is constantly characterized as brutish , dumb , superstitious , sexually violent , asiatic etc. 
  nicholas ii 's character is up for debate and actually quite interesting if you start to dig a little deeper . 
  he was n't cruel by nature but saw the institutions he inherited as sacred . 
  he was n't actually the right man for the job ( and realized it ) but still stuck to it out of a sense of duty . 
  as for humanitarianism , nicholas ii actually called for the first hague conference that laid down some groundrules for conducting warfare , which included prohibitions on the use of certain ammunition and regulations on the treatment of prisoners of war . 
  imperial russia was a repressive society , sure , but it was objectively less repressive ( and certainly less murderous ) than lenin and stalin 's soviet union . 
  imperial russia certainly would not have orchestrated the holodomor . 
  you could even make the argument that it was less repressive than even the later soviet union simply by virtue of it not having the state apparatus to so rigidly enforce ideological purity within the people as the soviet union did . 
  besides , imperial russia had a real and pressing issue in political terrorism . 
  anarchists , nihilists and socialists frequently assassinated government figures and nobility . 
  lastly , ustruct 's comment did n't imply any positive sentiment for either nicholas ii or imperial russia . 
  kinda true though . 
  if the whole burgundian mess would n't have happened we 'd likely have been a part of germany . 
  maybe we 'd be like bavaria , i.e. 
  some aspirations of autonomy . 
  but without hundreds of years of separation from the hre i do n't think there 'd be a real distinct dutch national culture . 
  was n't it basically the same good old times until the latter third of the imperial russian era though ? 
  as in the baltic germans administrated everything and were loyal to the sovereign ( russian emperor , swedish king ) in return for their privileged status . 
  while the locals were mostly serfs whom nobody was all that concerned with . 
  they are often considered to be . 
  everything east of germany is eastern europe from a western european perspective . 
  uhm ... yeah . 
  but none of those parties would be okay with a poster like that . 
  well when you complain about the quotation marks you presumably think that the ottoman presence was a positive force . 
  otherwise i do n't really get what you 're complaining about . 
  ok , any examples of positive influences by the ottoman empire on its territories in europe that would not have been achieved by rulers from these territories themselves or ( for example ) the habsburgs ? 
  welp , and i thought the state of the dutch air force was bad . 
  well at least you got some free mig accumulators , so incredible incompetence or no , you came out ahead . 
  it did stop ` you ' relatively effectively until the french rolled in to save you . 
  ` you ' also had to deal with the orangist movement that you had to brutally crush . 
  ` you ' also experienced a heavy economic downturn . 
  half of the country also had the amazing experience of having to wait a hundred years for their peasant tongue to enjoy equal status to ( statistically minority-language ) french . 
  also , do the catalans have a militarily-adventurous neighbor who 'd be willing to go on a military campaign for them ? 
  are catalans seceding from a ( relatively ) repressive 19th century state that has recently acquired their territory ? 
  would catalans secede if they knew they would have to face several military campaigns ? 
  would they secede if they knew that it would lead to a severe economic recession akin to the one belgium experienced ? 
  historical examples are fine and all but use them in a sensible way please . 
  this is neither the 16th century nor the 19th century . 
  i 'm sorry if my choice of words seems a bit prejudiced . 
  i do n't think i 'm sufficiently educated enough on the subject of catalan unicity or catalan history to adequately weigh the pros and cons of catalan independence ( if there was an easy way about it ) and i 'm not by definition prejudiced against it i 'm just sort of annoyed at the enthusiasm this stuff gets in the thread here . 
  getting independence from an uncooperative mother country is difficult , arduous and rife with risks , and i 'm not sure people salivating over this news over here quite understand that . 
  self-determination is a nice concept and all but catalonia 's attempted unilateral secession is n't by definition a good thing for catalonia or europe however much it might delight catalan nationalists momentarily . 
  the situation over there seems real strange to me . 
  it honestly seems like scotland will relentlessly push for a referendum every 5 years or so until they get the result they want unless the uk will be ruled forevermore by a coalition of the bent-over-backwards labour and the snp themselves . 
  there were plenty of ` dutch ' statelets who through inheritance came to be ruled by the monarchs of spain . 
  ` we ' were technically not part of spain , just possessions of the monarchs * of spain * . 
  for one , nobody 's siding with putin . 
  the most extreme mainstream opinion on that subject you 'll hear over here is that the eu should n't have been expanded so far into the former soviet union . 
  this referendum is ultimately more about annoyance with the eu than any fondness for putin . 
  also , why does everyone keep bringing up mh17 ? 
  yes , the russians are ultimately to blame but the airline knowingly flew over a warzone when there were indications that the rebels could have had buk-launchers . 
  besides , it 's not as if there were evil russians who shot down a civilian airliner because it had so many citizens of their archenemy , the netherlands , in it . 
  the separatists were convinced they were targeting a military aircraft . 
  russia accidentally and indirectly being responsible for the deaths of a couple of hundred dutch civilians does n't mean we should oppose them in anything and everything forever . 
   well , my former communist `` eastern european '' country of czech republic is set to overtake spain economically quite soon . 
  so they are obviously doing quite shitty . 
  it 's all relative . 
  which , as i said , barely matters . 
  spain could be functioning better than it is but that does n't mean it 's in any way a failing state . 
   if your argument is they were always doing shitty , then i could agree . 
  but the point stands , catalans deserve better . 
  sure they do . 
  that does n't mean that unilaterally declaring independence is n't extremely risky and should be anything but a last-resort . 
  i 'm all for catalonia doing better , even getting independence if there was a way of doing that safely and legally . 
  i just think it insane for people to be so incredibly enthusiastic about this news when it all it means is that we 're heading for more confrontation and less dialogue . 
  the situation is what is and in general i 'm quite content with ` my ' country 's independence . 
  i imagine that if history had gone differently and ` we ' had stayed with spain and if i had somehow not been butterfly-effected out of existence that i would 've still been quite content with the situation as long as spain did a good job at nation building and the people were prosperous . 
  i certainly would n't see myself advocating for independence without the spanish government 's cooperation considering the risks of it all . 
  though i do question how the 16th dutch revolt and the modern-day bid for catalan independence are in any way analogous . 
  ` my ' country 's history does n't mean i want to see each and every ethnic group of which a portion want independence to try and force it through without taking heed of the possibly disastrous consequences for themselves and the stability of europe and the world . 
  there 's absolutely nothing ironic about any of this . 
  i 'm not against self-determination but i am against the fetishisation of possibly disastrous separatism . 
   of course not !, 
  i 'm talking about a relative decline to other european and world powers . 
  and i 'm not talking just military and political power , but also economic , which is very significant to the everyday life . 
  it really is n't . 
  spain might 've had a much larger share of the world economy in the 16th century but almost none of that filtered through to the majority of the population . 
  spanish citizens have never lived longer , happier , healthier , more secure lives than they do now ( disregarding the years leading up to 2008 ) . 
  a relative decline in spain 's position on the world stage means exactly nothing . 
  there has literally never been a better time to be spanish than in the 21st century . 
  i hardly consider a small part of the country ` voting ' for independence without the means to achieve it to mean that spain is in turmoil . 
  i 'd say that 's very much a stretch . 
  any narrative that contains a supposed five-century long decline is spotty at best in my opinion . 
  you ca n't honestly claim that spain has n't improved in numerous ways since the 16th century .
