  i just wanted to note that anti-armenian sentiment is n't some specific feature of the aliyev regime . 
  though again , a more prudent government ( which a democratic one would likely be ) would 've put a damper on it because it looks atrocious from the outside looking in and makes diplomatic efforts to get nk and the occupied territories outside it back futile . 
  though a lot of the more inane anti-armenian policies do originate with aliyev anti-armenian sentiment is still ubiquotous across the population ( though a more prudent government would 've probably kept it less barbaric and heavy-handed than the aliyev regime ) and revanchism about nk wo n't just go away . 
  a more democratic azerbaijan is n't by definition one any more welcoming to an armenian minority , a truly representative democratic azerbaijani government at the moment would probably be equally hostile to armenians as the aliyev-regime is . 
  the modus operandi of both countries in regards to hostile populations of the others ' ethnicity is to just get rid of them completely . 
  there 'd be no practical issues with insurgencies after . 
  say what you will about that but it does end up stable in the end . 
  giving armenian-populated land back to azerbaijan at the moment is the equivalent of unconditionally returning northern cyprus to a cypriot government run completely by the golden dawn . 
  i mean if you 're perfectly fine with the armenians getting ethnically cleansed ok , but do n't ignore azerbaijan being inanely anti-armenian and aliyev being in effect accountable to no one . 
  well i 'm sorry for that , though i wonder about the circumstances in which it occurred and whether it had anything to do with their ethnicity because again the census records show that no substantial drops ever occurred in the azerbaijani population until the 80s . 
   so what happened to my family then ? 
  they just suddenly decided to move ? 
  they were deported by armenians , were n't they ? 
  within the context of the conflict . 
  not before it as you implied . 
   we are talking about the conflict . 
  and this conflict for me is all about our right to return . 
  which is fine . 
   so why did you bring it up in the first place ? 
  what are you even saying at this point ... 
  here 's a belated / s if you really needed it . 
   so what ? 
  we 're still are originally from there and want to come back . 
  and we wo n't stop until we get there . 
  the point is that you 're continuously moving the goalposts . 
  you claimed that azerbaijanis were getting deported from nk before the conflict by the soviet union itself which is plainly false . 
  ignoring what your original argument was about you now try and make it about some moral right of return ( implying i disagree with that principle which is disingenuous ) which has absolutely nothing to do with what we were talking about . 
   if you read the statistics of soviet azerbaijan , you 'll think that it used to produce more wine than georgia . 
  yup . 
  that 's the answer . 
  soviet functionaries consistently fumbled the census every single time in a very consistent seemingly reliable way for no real reason which means all the census data is completely unreliable . 
  the real truth of the demographic balance is the one in your head that you like best and that best fits your narrative . 
   my family was deported from karabakh to irevan , then to nakhchivan and then to baku . 
  in the context of the nagorno-karabakh war as you 've stated previously , by armenian insurgents , not by soviet policy . 
   i 'm talking about all of the deportations . 
  including the stalin time deportations . 
  and these were quite significant . 
  so significant in fact that the azerbaijani population of nagorno-karabakh only kept on growing and growing ... those deportations were from armenia proper , not nagorno-karabakh where baku got to plant all the colonists it wanted . 
   who gives a shit about a position of a non-recognised government when the fact is that the territories ( beyond their initial claim ) are occupied ? 
  because your argument is deliberately misleading and disingenious ? 
  yeah , the glorification here is quite troubling . 
  aliyev 's regime is absolutely disgusting , no doubt about that but the hundreds of thousands of refugees displaced by the armenians should n't just be ignored . 
   it does n't include azerbaijanis who were deported before the war because that 's an insignificant number . 
  they were 1.5 percentage points more or so in the census of 1979 but that 's hardly significant . 
  azerbaijan held political power in nk before the late 80s , armenians were n't in a position for large scale deportations until open rebellion began . 
   and i 'm not talking only about the oblast . 
  which as i 've said makes the whole argument nonsensical . 
  the nkr does n't claim the territories its occupied , they 're a temporary measure until a formal peace can be reached . 
  yes , the armenians being gloriously liberated from living by glorious leader aliyev . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  the nagorno-karabakh oblast had 40,000 azerbaijanis in it as of 1989 ( after over seventy years of colonialism ) but still an armenian population of 145,000 ( which has now dropped to 137,000 or so ) . 
  on the whole of the occupied territories azerbaijanis were the majority but the nkr is only claiming the territories of the former oblast . 
  there were various karabakh melikdoms up to the russian period , probably one of the last vestiges of semi-independent political entities . 
  even a century later at the beginning of the soviet period nagorno-karabakh was virtually 100 % armenian populated . 
  and vice versa as well . 
  we tend to sympathize with armenia more because their various persecutions were longer lasting and more impactful but azerbaijanis were expelled en masse from armenia throughout the 20th century ( conflict in the 20s , stalin 's thing for homogenous republics in the 50s , conflict in the 90s etc. ) . 
  it 's all very well for the armenians having suffered more as a people on balance but when you 're on the receiving end of a deportation by armenians you 're probably not inclined to look at it from your enemy 's perspective . 
   it 's azerbaijan 's duty to take back the territory that belongs to the people of karaba\u011f , and it does n't fucking matter if those people are armenian or azerbaijani . 
  baku has a tendency to massacre , colonize , and ethnically cleanse one of those groups though . 
  i mean you 're probably fine with that and all but do n't pretend this is a situation where baku is being nobly nonsectarian in the face of armenian sectarian aggression because that 's a fiction . 
  the nk-republic is only officially claiming nagorno-karabakh proper though . 
  not the occupied territories around it , official view of those is that they 're a security cordon that 's only necessary as long as there 's still a state of war with azerbaijan . 
  nk-proper was about 75 % armenian before the war , the remainder being mostly azerbaijanis who 'd been settled there by baku during the soviet period ( nk was 98 % or so armenian at the beginning of the soviet period in the 1920s ) . 
  the most demographically azerbaijni area of nk was also around the town of shushi . 
  where azerbaijan had [ massacred the armenians almost completely in 1920 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shusha_massacre ) . 
  which they ended up making contingent on the nk-conflict being resolved , which leaves armenia with no reasonable options but the continuation of the status quo . 
  turkey unconditionally supporting the aliyev-regime and doing nothing to rein in its insane anti-armenian policies has made damn sure nothing gets resolved . 
  azerbaijan had much , much more potential though . 
  armenia 's leadership has hardly been ideal but azerbaijan has had some of the worst possible leadership it could 've had post-independence . 
  when you look at all those petro-dollars could 've been used in diversifying the economy , building prosperity beyond baku and its environs , building a civil society etc. 
  instead azerbaijan has squandered its potential , remained atrociously oil-dependent , has not progressed a step in settling the nk-conflict , and has had little to show for a massive oil-boom apart from a showcase capital and prestige events to bolster aliyev 's ego . 
  armenia was briefly granted pontus ( in theory , they never took secure hold of it , being mostly confined to the pre-war russian armenia of which turkey subsequently annexed about half ) by the great powers post-wwi . 
  that does not mean pontus was ever majority or even plurality armenian , it had never been seen as part of historic armenia . 
  the local pontic greeks might 've fared better under armenian rule than turkish but the armenian presence there was small so to speak about ` stolen ' land is dubious . 
  it 's also nonsensical to suggest that turkey should cede territory with hundreds of thousands of its citizens on it and next to no armenians anymore . 
  it makes about as much sense as germany retaking half of poland at this point . 
  living in the same areas causing competing land claims . 
  various demographic changes throughout the centuries ( turkic nomads migrating in , armenians being deported by persians , brought back by russia , both ssr 's gradually becoming more homogeneous etc. 
  these make it very easy to construct a narrative wherein the other side is a colonizer on your rightful ancient land and all that ) . 
  armenian animosity towards the turks who are a very similar people to the azerbaijanis . 
  various soviet and tsarist policies that could be constructed as ultimately favoring one side or the other . 
  they have a vast , bloody , and very complicated history together which makes for easy material for both sides to create a narrative of continual victimization of their side out off . 
  i do n't think anyone among the turkish leadership would be very keen to deal with the bad pr a direct conflict with armenia would cause . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://i.warosu.org/data/sci/img/0077/18/1450060519695.jpg ), 
  still miffed about them hogging the name . 
  our language is directly descended from frankish while they speak a derivative of vulgar latin , but somehow they 're the franks/french . 
  name a specific reasonable european policy that could 've avoided that war . 
  blanket statements and tough-guy talk is neat and all but there 's little ` europe ' could 've done to avoid this , especially if your reasoning is that we should 've been ` tougher ' in some non-specified way . 
  animal welfare , human rights and environmental standards watered down all for the massive benefit of accommodating a virtually bankrupt \u00b1 150 billion usd economy...uh-huh . 
  sometimes i feel that the claim of western ( leftist ) russophilia is overblown but then this kind of nonsense comes around and i 'm not quite sure anymore . 
  and invited a second hungarian uprising . 
  belgium is a prosperous , modern state most of whose citizens like it perfectly well . 
  sure it has issues but those can be dealt with . 
  many unitary nation-states you would n't ever question the ` point ' of do n't function half as well as belgium does . 
  the flemish by and large do n't feel dutch and are for the most part perfectly content within belgium , the walloons by and large are n't enthusiastic about being annexed to france . 
  what 's everyone 's obsession with pulling apart and destroying a perfectly well-functioning country ? 
  the process by which these color photos were made required three different negatives and a relatively long exposure ( which is why for example the waterflow on the picture with prokudin-gorskii himself looks off ) . 
  do n't confuse normal expansionism with ` lebensraum ' . 
  the french were n't guided by some ultranationalist ideology whereby they would wipe out and replace the german-speaking peoples . 
  nitpicking .
