  acting as if the demographic balance were that of centuries ago ? 
   it 's actually not so much about territory , but the political self determination . 
  an ethnic group has the right to organize their lives how they want , that 's what this right is about . 
  one can not use this right without territory and the territory comes with the people . 
  so an immigrant population forcing its will will not damage the indigenous people 's right to a certain territory , but to the right of self determination . 
  as has happened everywhere for centuries . 
  you ca n't magically turn back the clock . 
  you need someone to enforce this nonsense and if you have n't noticed nobody worth a damn is advocating anything like this . 
   that 's the norm , but in these cases they do n't assimilate . 
  well yeah , they do . 
  it 's just that they assimilate into that subhuman russian culture you loathe so much . 
   not entire populations . 
  they do , all the time . 
  in small terms and in large terms . 
   and all of these are crimes and i do n't get why you are protecting the outcomes of these crimes . 
  i 'm arguing that you ca n't change them without force , and you have nobody to that for you and even if you did that would be a crime . 
  handing armenia a fifth of turkey along with its population to do with and settle as they please is n't justice , it 's colonialism * and you have nobody to do it * so it 's also impractical . 
   i do n't know , you should ask israel ... let 's talk about israel in this context . 
  70 years ago i would argue against its creation , now i 'd say it 's best that it stays given what ethnic tensions are . 
  the creation of israel and colonization of native arabs , was n't just but its destruction 70 years later would n't magically make things right . 
   if you meant seized by the minority , then yes . 
  it 's what you 've been arguing should happen everywhere . 
   i thought we were talking about indigenous people forming their own states in general in this paragraph . 
  well i was n't . 
   and of course there are n't many such examples because the majority immigrant population will most likely piss at international law ... international law is sometimes on their side and sometimes it is n't . 
  it 's awkward how you bring it up seeing as how in direct contradiction to your principles it clearly values territorial integrity over self-determination and does n't ty indigenousness together with exclusive right to political power . 
   correct , yet you need to take into account the utterly different social context here , where tens or hundreds of millions of people have moved away to form entirely new groups , which one could not even call ethnic groups , just national groups . 
  you could argue that modern russian identity ( particularly in the south and in siberia and the far east ) owes just as much to the settling of new lands as well . 
  russian identity has quite a strong assimilationist streak , which is a trait you somehow denigrate there but praise in the americas . 
   plus the sheer small number and historically radically different pattern of land use and sparse population density are important factors you need to take into account here . 
  i 'm not saying the native americans do n't have rights , they definitely do and luckily within their reservations enjoy quite a lot of them . 
  a lot of this would ring just as true for the steppe lands , central asia , siberia etc. 
  all conquered by russia . 
   your words , not mine . 
  i hate people who want to destroy my country , just like you hate muslim terrorists . 
  it does n't mean that you hate all muslims or that i hate all russians . 
  i try not to have any strong feelings towards muslim terrorists , i 've certainly never called islam as subhuman culture and i certainly do n't denigrate muslims or the islamic world every other comment . 
  anyway , the point is that these groups have overlap , particularly when they 're poorly defined . 
  once you start feeling so strongly about these things your judgement can quite easily ` spill over ' from the one group to the larger one that they 're a part of . 
  so fiercely hating a certain amorphous , poorly defined group of russians over * how you perceive them to feel about your country * is a slippery slope in that respect . 
  best reserve your hate for people who actually do harm instead of just feel a certain way that you feel to be ` wrong ' ( sorry if i 'm sounding pretentious ) . 
   ok , i 've done answering to you . 
  in fact i feel sad because i never ever stated that i want to ethnically cleanse a population or something else like that , yet you continue to bring this up as it is my main point here . 
  do n't get upset when your fantastical scenario falls apart at the seams the moment someone applies a modicum of critical thinking to it . 
  you do n't get to wish away the factor of ethnic conflict when the scenario you propose would so obviously cause intercommunal friction . 
   plus , knowing this subreddit , it 's most likely me , who gets banned , lol ok  even though it was you , who made the claims . 
  you propose a fantastical scenario that would inevitably cause intercommunal tensions . 
  ethnic conflict , terrorism , civil war , ethnic cleansing etc. 
  often result from situations exactly like the one you 're proposing for every territory on the planet with a tiny indigenous minority group ( if your ideas on these really are n't exclusively anti-russian like you claim ) . 
   i actually think that in this case your opinion might be in the minority here . 
  a lot of people are willing to fight for the country of their ancestors , unlike you apparently . 
  as they are here , and if it would be the issue of defending my country ( as it is ) from an outside threat i would advocate for it . 
  if the issue would be one of starting an insanely risky ethnic conflict so that * we as a minority * could ethnically cleanse or lord over the rest i 'd be against it depending on how recent this demographic balance was achieved . 
  besides , this scenario is an impossible hypothetical anyway , as i sit here in my armchair ( with all the particulars of this hypothetical scenario ) i 'm advocating these things but settler colonialism will inevitably create tensions regardless of the exact data on the demographic balance . 
  so if i would be in this situation were my country would 've been gotten swarmed with colonists and our now minority would be disadvantaged i would probably be a bit more militant about it as indigenous peoples inevitably get in these situations ( see abkhazia ) . 
  note though that whatever i would personally do as a victim of colonialism in such a hypothetical situation is largely irrelevant . 
  people , certainly radicalized people , on the ground rarely have a full perspective of the situation and the state of mind of participants in a sectarian conflict is rarely based on a rational appraisal of the situation . 
   well nobody is denying that . 
  but you basically claim that every such issue will lead to ethnic cleansing and civil war ... 
  i 'm claiming that handing over complete control to minorities will inevitably lead there ( or at least political dysfunction ) because lording over a majority and denying them political and civil rights will inevitably create resentment , conflict , political dysfunction etc. 
  and there 's various examples of that happening throughout recent history . 
  creating a protected status for a minority is a minor thing in comparison and would hardly be a bother . 
   who is ignoring history ? 
  history is exactly what those indigenous people would be relying on . 
  because you 're ignoring the obvious reality that the demographic balance is not as it was and pretending this was hundreds of years ago . 
   so if russians had illegally sent a couple of hundred thousand people more into estonia , then it would be fine with you if they did n't allow estonia to become an independent western country ? 
  in this particular case i 'd argue that with how recent the immigration was ( and it being illegal with international law being fairly established during the period in which the ussr as doing this ) that the un or us should have persuaded russia to repatriate a fair portion in the 90s ( with how the soviet union fell apart estonia would 've been legally independent regardless of ethnic balance ) on a voluntary basis in the interest of creating a functional state . 
   yet you are absolutely making up these consequences ... because there 's [ absolutely no case whatsoever ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/abkhaz%e2%80%93georgian_conflict ) [ where ethnic minority rule ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apartheid ) , [ has ever created conflict ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebanese_civil_war ) . 
  you can just give complete political control to an ethnic minority and allow them to lord over the rest and that will all work out fine , anyone citing historical examples and noting that denying people political rights is a good way to foster conflict is just making shit up . 
  it 's a hypothetical , pal . 
  you 're making up this fantastical scenario where ethnic minorities everywhere get political power to lord over a large majority of other ethnic groups and then ignore the logical consequences of that ( and real life examples of such things happening ) as being ` made up ' ? 
  you 're setting up ethnic groups against each other and handing minorities full powers to lord over the majority and you magically wish away any consequences of that and you accuse me of making things up . 
  are you listening to yourself ? 
   so , let 's take estonia 's example then . 
  russians in general are not native to estonia . 
  however sure there must have been some russian traders living here in the middle ages . 
  then a few came in the 17th century and a lot came in the 1970s and 1980s . 
  at what point do they become indigenous of this country and does one indigenous community make the entire new immigrant population indigenous ? 
  estonia is a sovereign country that does n't recognize a right to secede for its regions . 
  international law does n't recognize that right either , estonia has a decent human rights record , and estonia has not and will likely never set off a chain of ethnic conflict so there 's no problem here . 
  no need to bother with this weaselly asinine semi-racist notion of indigenousness . 
   because of russification ... point being ? 
  france is also france because of frenchification , italy is italy because of italianization , turkey is turkey because of turkification , germany is germany because of germanisation etc. 
  you ca n't ignore hundreds of years of history and the current demographic balance on account of your personal feelings as to what 's fair , who 's indigenous , who 's the rightful owner of what territory etc. 
  people move , people assimilate , people move away , places get conquered , groups get persecuted , ethnic cleansing or intercommunal violence happens etc. 
  all this has happened since forever and will continue happening . 
  these days the international community can sometimes intervene to prevent ethic cleansing , persecution , apartheid , intercommunal violence etc. 
  or set things right after they 've recently happened but handing over exclusive political power everywhere to tiny minority groups who were the majority there centuries ago ( because of a certain estonian 's * feeling of what is just and what is not * ) is objectively insane which is why no serious statesman has or will ever advocate it . 
   wait , who said anything about supremacy ?? 
  you 're advocating exclusive political power * based solely on ethnicity * , pal . 
   many functioning nations have been born like this . 
  i can think of exactly one where political power was seized by an indigenous minority like this ; abkhazia as i said earlier . 
  shining example for functional nations everywhere , right ? 
   no , but there 's a clear difference between the old world and the new world . 
  there really is n't . 
  ethnicity , culture , assimilation , ethnic cleansing , conquest , territorial integrity , separatism etc. 
  work pretty much the same regardless of which continent you 're residing on . 
   because people literally wanting to destroy your culture are subhumans . 
  i 'm sure a lot of jews thought the same of germans at one point ... 
  justify it however you want .
