  you know exactly what i meant . 
  though polls show that if the flemish applied dutch public opinion would be all for it . 
  to be fair judging by its coloring the dutch republic is n't included . 
  which is accurate as seceding from spain de-facto meant leaving the hre . 
  even at the time the habsburgs were itching to get rid off it because it was n't a very viable possession . 
  for most of the austrian period the habsburgs were desperately trying to trade it with their neighboring princes in an effort to get more contiguous territory . 
  the flemish are a dutch-speaking people who belong wherever they feel they do , and for now that 's belgium . 
  same with the other groups . 
  for the most part they 're perfectly content where they are right now . 
  even if belgium was to split flanders would probably be better off outside of the netherlands ( and the flemish would likely prefer it that way ) . 
  well sure , but the war was still wildly unpopular in the arab world even though the us managed to cajole and bribe a fair few arab states to join in ( though for the saudis cutting iraq down to size was just a part of their regional rivalry ) . 
  many of them had to quell public unrest in the wake of it and public opinion in arab countries was decidedly against western intervention . 
  what you should be able to do or what would be just is n't the same as what is feasible and workable . 
  saying you should n't have bend and suffer to accommodate the bosnian serbs and croats does n't mean that there 's somehow a magical way of making them cooperative without concessions . 
  unitary states tend to work better than ethnically partioned countries , sure , but is there a practical way to get to a unitary bosnian state ? 
  unilaterally dissolving rs will make the bosnian serbs less cooperative , not more . 
   if serbia can be serbia and croatia can be croatia bosnia will be bosnia . 
  bosnia has a much different ethnic balance than the other two . 
  in some ways a unitary bosnian state was always going to cause ire with bosnian croats and serbs who together number more than the bosniaks do . 
  optimistic look on things , forgive me . 
  what i 'm saying is that dayton salvaged a lot , and though it 's a rough foundation it can be built upon as relations between bih and rs/serbia improve . 
  bih still has lots of issues but dayton preserved its unity and so far its held together . 
  of course there 's a lot of work to do and of course it would be nice if the serbs were more reconciliation-minded . 
  dayton is imperfect and the rs existing ( in the way it does , along the borders it does ) surely stings . 
  for all his bluster i sincerely doubt dodik would ever seriously try it . 
  secession carries way too much and serbia has done too much work towards reconcilliation and eu-accession to randomly throw it all away and annex rs . 
   weird . 
  it was actually kind of stable in 2011 . 
  it 's almost as if the tribalism and incompetence of iraqi officials helped give rise to the current crisis ... 
  momentary stability / = / long-term trends . 
  it 's perfectly consistent to blame both the iraqis themselves for their recent failings and the us/west for destabilizing the country long-term . 
   you 're definitely right though . 
  we also should n't have instigated , coordinated , and controlled the popular uprisings against assad . 
  damn you belgians and your meddlesome foreign policy !, 
  syria destabilizing is n't specifically on the west ( i do n't remember implying it either so it 's quite strange for you to bring it up ) though our influence on the region did n't exactly help . 
  i do n't remember implying belgium brought this on itself , much less that they deserved it . 
  not randomly attacking muslim countries for no good reason is n't appeasement . 
  it has everything to do with it . 
  iraq descending into anarchy facilitated isis enormously . 
  of course isis and al-nusra are n't motivated specifically by iraq but when we needlessly invade and overthrow a muslim arab state we cause predictable revanchist sentiments with muslims that are easily channeled into jihadist movements . 
   personally i 'm happy saddam is gone . 
  in principle i 'm happy saddam is gone as well but ` we ' went in under false pretenses . 
  saddam was wholly innocent of the acts that constituted the * cassus belli * . 
  if we then mentally substitute that false pretense of a * cassus belli * with his being a brutal dictator then we 'd never run out of wars to fight . 
  a worldview wherein someone being a brutal dictator is reason enough to start a war is n't a viable worldview when half the world is covered with dictatorships like saddam 's . 
   but more to your point ; iraq was badly planned , badly executed and very badly extracted from . 
  however i would argue that it has little relevance with how we move forward , pointing fingers at each other wo n't solve anything . 
  of course it wo n't . 
  however it 's important that going forward we apply far more scrutiny to any military adventures and accept that in large part military measures are counterproductive . 
  the muslim ( particularly arab muslim ) world was furious even when we defended one muslim country from another ( first gulf war ) yet we launched a needless war against a country that posed no real threat and the end result is an iraq in turmoil halfway vassalized by iran and we 've gained the lasting ire of the muslim world at a time when they were finally starting to acquiesce to israel 's existence , our last ill-advised imposition upon them . 
  i really wish people gave some sort of constructive , realistic alternative to that arrangement that could 've been reached at the time . 
  bringing former adversaries together and coming to a comprehensive lasting peace requires concessions to both sides , regardless of whether it might sting to the side that might most justifiably call itself the victim . 
  for all the dysfunction of the current federative system bih has held together and remains whole . 
  people of all ethnicities are in principle free to settle in both state entities and over time as reconcilliation is worked on an ethnic relations become harmonious again and a bosnian national identity constructed the federative structure could even be dissolved and bosnia could become a unitary state . 
  even if bosnia remains a federative state that does n't in and of itself mean it ca n't work , despite the current dysfunction . 
  eh , as of now they 've mostly forgotten about the serbs but in the 90s and up to 9/11 there was plenty of coverage and much of it quite demonizing . 
  not quite so much before the bombing started though . 
  before that it was rife with abuses ( in large part ordered or at least tolerated by milosevic ) but outright ethnic cleansing not quite as much . 
  after it started all bets were off and the real ethnic cleansing started . 
  it did n't exactly help when nato first ordered the serbs out of kosovo in a ceasefire but did nothing to constrain the kla and thus helped embolden them and spread them all throughout kosovo when the fighting had been mostly constrained to the south before that . 
  which is why i said ` many ' and not ` all ' . 
  of course even most european countries that were involved committed resources that were so insignificant as to be merely symbolic , apart from the moral support it must 've been for the us . 
  it was mostly a uk-us project , though europe as a whole should 've done more to oppose it and present itself as a united front against it . 
  of course with blair in power in the uk there was almost no way it was n't going to happen . 
  the important bit is that to jihadists the distinction that some countries were against it barely matters . 
  they 're not attacking us for iraq specifically but for our entire worldview and way of life . 
  iraq hugely facilitated this movement but did not give birth to it . 
  it also does n't help that many of these peace-loving countries happily collaborated with the us to set iraq on fire for basically no good reason . 
  if you do n't want unwanted migration and the threat of terrorism in europe a good first step is to not massively destabilize the middle-east . 
   its not like we like you or anything . 
  are we tsundere now ? 
  bih is quite possibly the most turkophile country in europe ( well , the bosniaks are , i 'm not sure the bosnian croats , much less the bosnian serbs feel the same ) , how exactly is it unexpected for them to do this ? 
  czechoslovakia was still in between you during the interbellum because carpathian ruthenia ( now a part of ukraine ) was attached to czechoslovakia at the time , not hungary or poland . 
  though at the time of poland being invaded carpathian ruthenia had already been awarded to hungary ( by nazi germany ) in 1938-1939 ( [ the first vienna award ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_vienna_award ) ) . 
  edit : just now noticed i ca n't read and everything i wrote was already within your comment anyhow . 
  nevermind then . 
   in the minds of many europeans kurdish terrorists are just oppressed freedom fighters . 
  feeling sympathetic to the kurdish cause does not ipso facto imply that one approves of terrorism towards that goal . 
  there is a difference in voicing disapproval of turkish handling of the kurdish question and condoning terrorism . 
  similarly the kurdish ( separatist ) cause is n't ipso facto wrong just because some kurds use terrorism in an attempt to further it . 
  blanket statements from europeans of sympathy towards the kurdish cause in general does n't mean they approve of terrorism . 
   this same attitude holds true for palestinians terrorists . 
  the hypocrisy is blatant . 
  once again people being sympathetic to the palestinian cause does not automatically mean sympathy to terrorism in support of that cause . 
  exploring the causes of a conflict and its abuses ( israeli policy towards palestinians , turkish policy towards kurds ) and laying ( some of the ) ultimate blame with the side now suffering from terrorism does not imply condoning said terrorism . 
  also thanks for helping start a totally unnecessary iraq war everyone with a brain could see would facilitate extremism and cause ire against the west . 
  i mean christ even the time we helped defend an arab state against the aggression of another ( first gulf war ) caused massive resentment within the arab world . 
  how in god 's name did he think he could straight up invade a muslim arab country and not cause predictable blowback ? 
  oooh . 
  really huge news there , religion has doctrine apparently . 
  quite frankly i 'm shocked . 
  whether that 's true or not is largely irrelevant . 
  the point is that his comment is absurd in how little it has to with the comment it 's ostensibly a reply to . 
  exactly nobody was discussing rs or operation storm but he brings it up in a fit of ( what seems to be ) nonsensical nationalist browbeating . 
  uhm ... yeah i live in the netherlands as my flair would indicate . 
  i very much doubt turkey will get visa free travel anyhow ( they still have to fullfill the requirements and cyprus is liable to block it unless turkey gives them some concessions ) and i do n't think turkey getting it is a good thing per se . 
  it 's just that criticizing any regime you should be careful not to reduce it to a caricature and exaggerate its faults beyond all proportion . 
  there 's good arguments against dealing with erdogan too much , ill-founded analogies with nazism and baseless accusations of ethnic supremacism are not among them . 
  most of this stuff is quite sensationalist , for instance :  president erdo\u011fan is the only head of state in the world who proclaims an ethnic supremacist ideology , perfectly comparable to nazi aryanism . 
  i 'm not a fan of erdogan 's turkey or anything but to call it ethnic supremacist and compare it to nazism is quite a stretch .
