  understandable given the situation but also somewhat of a legitimate grievance from the soviet side . 
  then you 're absolutely clueless , congratulations . 
   your allegiance to russia is legendary , yes , it really is ridiculous that i do n't wish death upon russians constantly and do n't ramble on about supposed ` uralic colonialism ' [ like some people do . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/q6tnbwg.png )  both in general and in this particular comment , so i wo n't make any serious attempt to answer that ridiculous question . 
  but just to humor you for a bit : you 're so gracious . 
   how can i blame the west ? 
  i do n't know , the fact that the ussr was a terrorist state and by the time the war started it had already committed many atrocities , and some unprovoked invasions and annexations ? 
  not arguing against it . 
  i 'm not a particularly huge fan of the ussr , i just do n't turn that sentiment into psychotic hatred like you do . 
   it 's expansionist , destructive and antihuman tendencies being obvious as early as 1919 ? 
  which part of this rant explains how western states had any obligation to help axis-aligned romania get out of the consequences of its expansionism ? 
  yes , the giant circle jerk of one single comment challenging the notion of eternal romanian victimhood and the myth of western russophilia , it 's a doozy . 
  i do n't skirt over it , i just find it ridiculous that / u/tainttickling whines about the western allies allying themselves to the ussr in wwii . 
  yes , you bravely retook those romanian lands and cities , like the ancient romanian city of odessa . 
  besides , moldavia/bessarabia itself was taken from russia by romania in 1918 . 
  the point is though , he rails against ` the west ' for allying itself with the soviet union when they had no other choice . 
  ` the west ' had neither the means nor any valid obligation to defend romania in wwii . 
  ooh fun . 
  it 's this shit again . 
  romania attacked the soviet union together with nazi germany and annexed part of its territory , how in the world do you blame ` the west ' for not aligning with romania in that situation ? 
   syrians , iraqis , afghans and other large migrant populations are not allowed to apply for asylum here . 
  only europeans can . 
  that 's one of the quirks of turkey 's asylum laws . 
  i 'm reasonably certain it would n't be described as a ` quirk ' if any respectable european country had a similar policy . 
  ah good , i 'd almost gotten through the day without that crucial daily dose of nordic smugness . 
  if you buy into the idea of linear historical progress as such and actually believe in the concept of ` the dark ages ' and the assorted myths about it then i do n't know what to tell you . 
  and for heaven 's sake stop it with the * facepalm * stuff . 
  values are subjective . 
  i 'm plenty happy with those historical developments but that 's because i 'm the product of a society that went through them . 
  plenty of people who lived through them suffered for it happening and plenty of them had cause to deplore the result . 
  well it is n't all that bad . 
  the war is winding down it seems , and the fighting always remained contained to the east . 
  odessa remains pretty firmly under ukrainian control despite its large russian and even larger russophone population . 
  though plenty of [ nasty shit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_odessa_clashes ) happened in odessa as well . 
  well all those events represented pretty big breaks with the past ( though the the first is an idiotic anachronism ) and the europe after them was irrevocably changed and many would feel that it was n't for the better . 
  europe will persist through all this in some form but i 'm not sure that afterwards it 'll be a europe any of us really care to live in . 
  yup . 
  diaspora-nationalism seems ridiculous to me , certainly the militant turkish variant but then they have little else to turn to when ( what remains of ) mainstream dutch national identity is pretty non-inclusive and antithetical to the turkish minority . 
  honestly , the whole gastarbeiders thing was a mistake from the very beginning . 
  there 's honestly a lot that went wrong on our side but even if we had done everything right shit like this would still be an issue . 
  i 'd be really happy if turkey would stop this incessant meddling with their diaspora . 
   greek cypiots tried to ethnically cleanese turks absolute nonsense . 
   like it happened to 2 millions of turks in balkans ( which is totally not a genocide at all because u guys are angels while turks are evil ) impose your backwards rule , dump colonist populations in the balkan , impose second-class citizenship on the native peoples of the balkan and commit frequent massacres and they are somehow not thrilled about it ? 
  the turkish population of the balkans was imposed by violence and then expelled by violence , i 'm not excusing it but do n't act like the latter is the the original sin here . 
   i think pretty much every sane person would think that greek cypriots shouldnt have slaughter turks , still no proof of that happening in 1974 before the turkish invasion . 
   they shouldnt have military coup to ** eredicate to turks ** still no proof of that . 
   and greece shouldnt have send its military in the first place . 
  never argued that it should have . 
   greek and turkish cypriots are exchanged not massacred after turkish interfere . 
  which is ethnic cleansing and would n't have happened without the invasion . 
  the greek majority north was cleansed of its majority population so turkey could have a loyal vassal ` state ' and a place to put down its colonists and military . 
  yes , that is obviously exactly the thing that i am implying . 
   it 's not `` conquer '' when greece tries to annex cyprus , but it 's `` conquer '' when we intervene to protect the minority turks ? 
  i would n't use that word for the turkish invasion either , but it 'd be a hell of a lot more accurate for the turkish invasion than for the greek coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  the turkish republic of north cyprus effectively functions as part of turkey . 
   to protect the minority turks ? 
  oh please . 
  your point being ? 
  fair enough , though it should be noted that the citizenship shit was an entirely retaliatory measure in response to the istanbul pogrom . 
  though that of course does n't mean cypriot turks had nothing to fear . 
  i 'd argue that turkey would 've safeguarded their diaspora much better if they 'd stopped murdering greeks , put a damper on the ultra-nationalism , and just maybe tried to improve relations with greece . 
  greek-turkish antagonism is in no way inevitable or unassailable and there 's nothing to say that a turkish minority in greece would absolutely need constitutional privileges to exist . 
  that presumes that that parties a and b are equals and that party a was n't established illegally through ethnic cleansing . 
  it also ignores that the proposals and accords are laughably biased in favor of party a and its patron who presumes to put down their military wherever they like . 
   allright , so it was a greek majority and clearly greece tried to conquer the whole island , ` conquer ' is the wrong word for the greek side i 'd say . 
  they were going for a political union by way of coup d'\u00e9tat . 
  still plenty illegal and plenty aggressive though . 
   but that implies that there was a turkish area of the island , right ? 
  it just was n't a half , it sounds like it was about a fifth . 
  the turks were spread around the island , just as the greeks were . 
  there was no feasible way of partitioning the island along ethnic lines without ethnic cleansing . 
  turkey cleansed every greek it could find off of the parts of cyprus it occupied , feasibly the policy would extend towards the rest of cyprus if it came to that , no ? 
  i hardly think turkey was going to annex a territory filled to the brim with greeks . 
  plus , the history of the turkish republic governing greek majority regions is hardly encouraging in that aspect . 
  think of imbros for example . 
  do n't you think that even for turkey ethnically cleansing an entire island of 80 % of its people might just be a tiny bit too genocidal to actually have been feasible ? 
  yes of course greece and greek cypriots are n't blameless here , but it 's a framing issue . 
  when people talk about cyprus like it was a perfectly balanced state before those gosh-darned greek nationalists came in and ruined everything they 're ignoring that the creation of cyprus and the terms of its ` independence ' were laughably disadvantageous to the greeks and bound to create resentment . 
  cyprus was n't some wonderland that was perfectly fine until greek nationalism came around and ruined everything . 
  it was a greek majority island that was denied self-determination to accommodate turkish ultra-nationalism from the very beginning . 
   in what way is he showing bias towards turkey ? 
  making excuses for massive war crimes , ethnic cleansing and illegal partition seems biased to me , is all . 
   what ethnic cleansing are you talking about ? 
  he did n't mention any . 
  the greeks were the majority all over the island before 1974 . 
  there was no turkish north and a greek south . 
  turkey invaded , took nearly half of the country ( for roughly 18 % of the population ) and cleansed every greek they could find . 
  it 's not surprising to me that he would n't use the term considering how eager he is to defend the turks . 
  yeah , the fanatical nationalism here is obviously that of the greeks . 
  those fanatics who invaded , ethnically cleansed and then illegally partitioned a sovereign state . 
  obvious bias towards turkey and the excusing of ethnic cleansing and neo-colonialist attitudes ? 
  let 's not forget that the turkey conspired with the uk to give cyprus an independence that * gave massive influence to the turkish minority . 
  * denied cyprus even attempting * enosis * , to accommodate turkish paranoia about a greek encirclement of mainland turkey . 
  * enshrined in the constitution of supposedly sovereign cyprus the legal right of turkey to invade if * enosis * was ever attempted . 
  the history argument seems rather shaky . 
  plenty of eastern european countries had communities of germans ( saxons in germany , prussians in poland , baltic germans in the baltic states etc. ), 
  until wwii and its aftermath wiped them out . 
  russia ( not relevant to the issue but according to the article one of the more xenophobic countries in europe ) had various german groups and lots of internal migration during the late imperial and soviet periods . 
  both poland and russia ( the latter to a larger degree than the former ) contain groups of relatively well integrated tatars . 
  the roma were/are all over eastern europe , though that 's hardly a success story i guess .
