  there certainly were and arguably still are real dangers to having a potentially permanent parallel society liable to side with a domineering foreign power . 
  one can certainly be critical of the latvian and estonian response but i 'd say it 's a bit much to say they treat the russians like human trash . 
  you have to look at it in context . 
  these were severely victimized and colonized societies that had all the potential to ignite into ethnic conflict but both societies avoided that . 
  there 's been no pogroms , no ethnic cleansing , no demographic engineering , no tearing down of russian heritage in either country etc. 
  probably convenience for some ( as i understand it their current documents allow them visa-free access to both russia and the eu ) , and the relative difficulty of doing so for others ( learning the language later in life ) . 
  as for why they 're not granting them citizenship easily it 's probably because 25-30 % of your voting population being people who have basically no reason to learn the national language , who live in a parallel society of sorts , and can be easily influenced by an aggressive neighboring state can run the risk of making latvia and estonia ungovernable . 
  lithuania which had a far smaller percentage of ethnic russians/russophones just gave them all citizenship . 
  for some perspective , latvians in 1989 were a majority of just 52 % in their own country . 
  as for the croatian comparison , think of it this way . 
  you ` lost ' most of your serbian minority during your independence war , and deliberately dragged your heels on repatriating them after the war . 
  that was a minority of just 12 % that was used to ignite the ( second state of the ) croatian war of independence . 
  giving the remaining 5 % citizenship was never going to harm croatia in the way it could significantly harm latvia or estonia ( not to mention that there was never a question of a language barrier or anything ) . 
  there 's several issues here . 
  one has to begin with karabakhi azerbaijanis outside of nk-proper ( and maybe lachin ) , they can all return as soon as armenian/artsakhi troops withdraw and a security regime is in place . 
  the problem is getting there . 
  then there 's azerbaijanis from nk-proper ( and armenia ) , and to be honest ( and cynical ) i do n't see masses of them returning , just as i do n't see armenians going back to azerbaijani-controlled areas . 
  if you get the armenians to give up all of that getting them to amend the constitution will be a minor thing , not that that 'll be the end of it seeing as how little constitutions matter in the post-soviet space . 
   thirdly , it 's preposterous to think or expect for azerbaijanis to return and live under an armenian government few likely will . 
  just as few armenians will ever return to the places they used to live in within modern-day azerbaijan . 
   when the international community , and armenians especially do not want to live under an azerbaijani government - what is this hypocrisy ? 
  what is your proposed alternative ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing and that 's not the point . 
  what i 'm saying is that the least they 'll want in return is a durable security regime against azerbaijan given that just handing them back would make the rest of artsakh/nk indefensible . 
  it 's always difficult with these issues . 
  it 's a rather morbid reality that often enough the ethnic cleansing that was suffered by the one side was in itself necessary ( or at least seen as necessary ) for the other to safeguard their own existence as a ( consolidated ) nation or peculiar outpost of that nation ( bulgaria , abkhazia , greece , nagorno-karabakh , cyprus ) often after decades , if not centuries of persecution and colonization . 
  innocent populations that get cleansed were often themselves the product of a deliberate policy of colonization and were often open tools of oppression of the other . 
  ( i 'm in no way saying that ethnic cleansing is ever justified . ), 
  you have to account that when you criticize that in blanket terms people will often feel as if you 're somehow arguing for their population to suffer subjugation , ethnic cleansing , extinction etc. 
  in turn or at least that you 're condemning their violence while excusing the violent imposition of the other 's population . 
  it 's the reason i always feel somehow uncomfortable advocating one or the other solution in cases like this because you 're always ultimately in some way advocating for subjugating one group to another , denying others the right to return to their homes , letting certain people or groups get away with doing horrific things etc. 
  and you 're always doing that from a context far removed of what these people have suffered and what their legitimate grievances are ( which are certainly not something i 'm ever likely to experience ) . 
  they 're sensitive topics for a reason , and no solution is ever perfect or 100 % just . 
  yes , i 'm quite sure it does indeed have something to do with race and islam . 
  though the thread we had on here about georgia the other day was also a shitshow of people blindly condoning violence and ethnic cleansing against south ossetians and abkhazians ( on which ironically they 'd find common ground with tsarist and stalinist russia ) on rather dubious grounds ( though i find there 's occasionally also an uncomfortable racial aspect to the more rabid anti-russian stances on here ) . 
  fair enough , that 's actually mostly what i think . 
  though that 's not an easy question in and of itself , because such an evacuation would need security guarantees * against azerbaijan * , which azerbaijan would n't be too keen to agree on . 
  ( though i 'm somewhat softer on this than you are , ironically . 
  i 'd say it 's probably best azerbaijan stay the same shape on a map but have ( next to ) no direct authority over nk . ), 
  that ties together with another problem there , i 'd argue that an ( interim ) solution should 've just been imposed with a unsc resolution ( which would in itself present other difficulties ) rather than obfuscated negotiations with such ample hurdles and perverse incentives as we have now . 
  you 're right that in general people ( particularly on here ) are too keen to wholly absolve the armenians of that one ( and the turks are generally too keen to 100 % tow the azerbaijani propaganda line ) . 
  the armenians were pretty much able to displace hundreds of thousands of people without any country but turkey reacting ( which further complicates things ) . 
  and guess what type of arguments turkey and turkish nationalists employ there and which side they advocate for . 
  they essentially want the armenians to hand back nk unconditionally to the aliyev regime . 
  and what do they advocate there ? 
  armenian military forces in karabakh ? 
  a federal structure ? 
  a right to intervene for the armenians ? 
  an artsakhi armenian veto on all azerbaijani political matters ? 
  nope , nothing of the sort . 
  and this is an unconditional support for a regime with an appalling human rights record and a fairly obvious ideology of ethnochauvinism . 
  the roc is positively angelic in comparison . 
  it 's the rough equivalent of demanding the turks hand northern cyprus over unconditionally to the eoka-b . 
  see how that works ? 
  you 're proving exactly his point . 
  there is no principled position to be found here . 
  turkey 5 , 10 , 20 , 30 etc. 
  years ago would have done the exact same thing . 
  it has nothing to do with erdogan or recent changes in general . 
  well * in general * i 'm personally actually on the opposite side of that argument . 
  generally speaking i 'd say it 's better to keep to internationally recognized borders for the sake of stability and preventing ethnic war ( insofar as that 's a reasonable possibility ) . 
  i just really dislike it when those arguments get merged into the muh historical lands bs and general chauvinism . 
  not to mention what he said is inaccurate , in particular for the abkhazians . 
  the abkhazians actually suffered immensely from russian rule , two thirds or so of them ( the muslims ) being cleansed during the tsarist period . 
  stalin and beria then inundated them with ( primarily ) georgian immigrants/colonists . 
  not to mention even if this type of shoddy argument were true , personally i 'd say that ` we were the majority here at this arbitrary point centuries in the past ( according to a certain interpretation of some obscure source ) which gives us the right to lord over the people now there ' is a rather immoral and ultra-chauvinist line of reasoning . 
  sure but the viability of those remaining palestinian outposts ( as anything other than glorified bantustans ) is basically non-existent when they 're submerged within a sea of israeli occupation . 
  you can thank the [ oslo 2 accord ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_bank_areas_in_the_oslo_ii_accord#area_c ) for that one . 
  according to it , the palestinian authorities only have full ( civil and security ) jurisdiction over ( initially 3 % , now ) 18 % of the west bank , called area a. 
  ( though israel has n't respected that since 2003 . ), 
  there 's also an area b of shared authority , and an area c ( which is where this project was in , and which comprises the vast majority of the west bank ) of pretty much exclusively israeli authority . 
  within the last fifty years bosnia has lost its serb plurality . 
  bosniaks only became the outright majority within the last decade or so . 
  well this thread turned exactly into the shitshow one would expect . 
  by that time majority turkish iirc, 
  actually that would 've been about four times bigger . 
  would n't be much of a viable country though unless they cleansed a majority of the muslim inhabitants . 
  honestly did n't though . 
  even before the armenian genocide they were at the very most a bare plurality in all that territory . 
  after the genocide having happened attaching all that territory to armenia ( in which armenians would probably not be a plurality without a degree of ethnic cleansing ) without anyone to enforce it was disastrous . 
  the area around trabzon was never majority armenian . 
  there 's plenty of room to criticize western ( and russian ) handling of separatist conflicts , but there 's a place and a time for that , and it 's not here and now . 
  and the whole belgian revolution thing if you wan na go that far back , though even that one worked out relatively well in the end , all things considered . 
  if i understand it correctly they want greece to have a 3.5 % * primary * budget surplus , not an actual 3.5 % surplus . 
  the difference is that a primary budget surplus excludes interests payments on government debt . 
  it 's not even accurate either . 
  from the 40s into the 50s germans were actually quite likely to view themselves as the victims of the war . 
  institutional denazification was cut short around the 1950 mark . 
  it was the later generation of germans themselves who started facing up to germany 's guilt mostly of their own accord in the 60s which was when opinion really began to shift . 
  if blanche was a better live performer you 'd have had a real shot at it as well : /, 
  serbia strong !, 
  and so on and so on . 
  see that 's the thing . 
  a socialist party existing is fine , good even , a socialist party doing well can be great as well . 
  if the uk was a system of proportional democracy corbyn 's labor party would be a good thing in that it 'd give a voice to a distinct subset of the electorate . 
  but that 's not the system in the uk , and if you want to get to your goals you have to play the hand you 're dealt . 
  the problem comes in when you take the only left-wing party of any consequence in a fptp system and proceed to turn it into a comparative fringe party with no real prospects for winning a general election . 
  25-30 % or thereabouts of the electorate voting socialist is fine and dandy . 
  however if that status-quo actually results in those people being ignored and trampled on completely , and at no political cost to the government you 're ostensibly opposing , then i 'd say you 've kind of lost the plot as to what politics is ultimately supposed to be about , which is governing to the benefit of your constituents and society as a whole . 
  so if i understand this correctly it 's pretty much a repeat of the much-maligned 1983 manifesto then ?
