   there is no international `` illegal '' . 
  yes there is . 
  international law exists , and when you attack a state without a un mandate and consequently partition it you are clearly violating international law . 
   and kosovo was absolutely happy about the us helping them . 
  as south-ossetia , abkhazia , transnistria , and crimea were absolutely happy about russia helping them . 
  the thing they all have in common with kosovo is that the ` authorities ' we 're referring to were secessionist rebels and had absolutely no legitimacy whatsoever . 
  redditor jingoism , and human civilization but that 's no biggie . 
   human garbage first off , nice racism . 
  secondly :  abkhazia absolutely does not belong in that list . 
  the abkhaz actually suffered immensely demographically throughout both the tsarist and soviet periods and became a minority in their homeland because both tblisi and moscow were intent on settling georgians in abkhazia and diluting the abkhaz element . 
  the georgians themselves were the colonizers there until they were ethnically cleansed in the 90s ( because the georgian leadership started acting stupidly nationalist and basically provoked the war ) . 
  transnistria also arguably does n't belong . 
  most of the romanian element there dates from the tsarist period and they were specifically settled there by the russian authorities to begin with . 
  it had no history with either romania or moldova and was only attached to moldova by the soviet union itself . 
  i could go on because your overgeneralized semi-racist nonsense does n't really properly apply to any of those cases but i 'll stop for now . 
  have fun feeling morally superior and anti-colonial by labeling millions of people ` human garbage ' , i 'm sure it 's very emotionally satisfying . 
   wow nice insult to cypriots there . 
  they totally have no self determination in your opinion huh ? 
  neither does it in turkey 's opinion considering the fact turkey 's been meddling in its politics from the very beginning and neatly enshrined its own right to invade it in the cypriot constitution and subsequently did and thus ethnically cleansed 40 % of the country . 
  hell , turkey does n't even respect the right of the ` greek cypriot administration ' ( if you choose to call it that ) to natural resources that are clearly in its waters even if you consider the trnc legitimate . 
  easy there , chewie . 
  no need for all that , i 'm laying out the argument . 
  not arguing for it . 
  there were also basic mistakes made though , such as yeltsin not being snatched even though they had every opportunity to do so . 
  with the satellites having slipped away , the economy failing and even union members seceding there were plenty of disgruntled hardliners in the military and the cpsu for a coup attempt to have been much more dangerous than the one that ended up happening . 
  though you 're right in that the old system might 've been too discredited at that point regardless . 
  they were but the term genocide itself is usually limited to the first world war , though many armenian organizations see it as a continuity of persecution so they argue that it continued on until 1922-3 . 
  he was n't responsible for the armenian genocide . 
  much of the armenians ' land was annexed ( roughly half of pre-war russian armenia was annexed by turkey ) and ethnically cleansed , plenty of armenians died on his watch and many more were deported or forced to flee so it 's not like he much cared about them dying , but the genocide itself happened before he was in charge . 
  poorly planned coup attempts like these occur from time to time . 
  the soviet coup d'\u00e9tat attempt of 1991 for example was a complete shambles and fell apart almost by itself even though it had plenty going for it . 
  it 's somewhat true , trashy uk media like [ the daily mail ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3673423/russia-send-admiral-kuzetnov-warship-syria-putin-prepares-destroy-isis.html ) and [ the sun ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/1384059/vladimir-putin-to-deploy-russias-largest-warship-to-decimate-isis-once-and-for-all/ ) certainly approached it from that angle . 
  i do n't even understand why he cares so much . 
  he must know he 's going to come up against a kosovo-sized brick wall at some point , right ? 
  possibly without the star of david . 
  what do you mean ? 
  do n't you love a brutally honest article like this ? 
  i mean it really gives a sense of how nicola sturgeon was brutally mauled and left to die by france and spain . 
  friesland is n't in any way shape or form comparable to dagestan . 
   yes , because donald tusk rejecting talks will clearly stop the move toward independence in scotland . 
  it very likely wo n't but the eu still should n't pander to sturgeon 's illusions of scotland already being an independent country . 
   there 's no reason to punish the scots for the uk vote -- they voted remain . 
  tusk is just being vindictive . 
  there 's every reason to . 
  countries accede or secede from the union as a whole , how regions or member states of a country vote is irrelevant unless the laws of the country in question specify otherwise . 
  there 's no reason to ignore the reality that the uk is a sovereign country and scotland is not ( as of yet ) . 
  if scotland should in the future secede from the uk and apply to join the eu , fine . 
  until then the eu should n't act as if scotland is independent in its dealings with the eu when it quite clearly is n't . 
  good . 
  the uk voting to leave does n't mean the eu should start encouraging its breakup . 
  that might 've thrown the tories into chaos if they could n't have found someone willing to take over quickly , having some time to get their shit together makes them look mighty good and stable next to the absolute meltdown labour are having . 
  honestly getting tired of this pigfucker nonsense . 
  not a big fan of cameron by any stretch but endlessly repeating a tabloid-level allegation that was only mildly amusing to begin with gets grating . 
  over-emotive , over-romanticized , over-dramatized , hyperbolic rubbish . 
  let 's begin with brexit . 
  it has fuck-all to do with the article , but the author apparently needs a contemporary ` hook ' for his nonsensical rant . 
  then let 's first establish the idea that the rest of the world is poor because of europe . 
  it 's a ridiculously simple statement covering a ridiculously diverse world that 's sure to gloss over the complex histories of hundreds of societies and the history of europe 's economic relationship with the rest of the world but it was written by a famous philosopher so let 's just go with it . 
  the dalai-lama ca n't just have a certain view of something ( i 'd agree it 's misguided but whatever ) , no no , he has to be a victim of that eurocentricism disease , the poor thing . 
  european countries ca n't just treasure their sense of identity ( which they over-romanticize like non-european countries do just as eagerly ) , no no , eurocentrism again . 
  and after all that , let 's call those refugees liberators as well . 
  it 's a nonsense statement and ridiculously exaggerates their impact like the author himself just accused the dalai-lama of doing but let 's just remember that it 's very progressive , very dramatic , very romantic , and most of all very edgy to do so . 
  halfway-embargoed and turkey really is n't sanctioned very much for having set up and supported it . 
  the eu even has an [ aid programme ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/en/policy/themes/turkish-cypriot-community/ ) for it and tried to do away with the 'em bargo ' and was only blocked from doing so by cyprus . 
  the trnt is treated with kid gloves in comparison to other separatist states of its kind . 
  what, 
  for one , we 're still quite a ways off from the actual event . 
  from the moment cameron 's successor invokes article 50 it might still take as long as 2 years for the actual brexit to happen . 
  also depending on how the negotiations go you might well end up with a switzerland or norway-like situation were you 'd still retain most of what you might want from the eu . 
  anti-globalist protective wall, 
  normally do n't think irredentism is a good idea , but i do like pretty borders so i 'm all for it . 
  but one he could 've foreseen easily when he made the referendum promise . 
  should n't have gambled with his country 's future like that . 
   not a word about their independence ... yes ? 
  why would you expect otherwise ? 
  well it 's technically possible from outside the eu . 
  it just comes with lots of strings attached like free movement and such , just look at the eu relationship with switzerland and norway . 
  though then we 're back to the very issues that leave campaigned on to begin with and just accepting them after a leave vote would be a bit of an anti-climax . 
  long , arduous , politically difficult negotiations for certain , other than that it 's anybody 's guess . 
  the exact outcome in political and economic terms ca n't be predicted very easily since the particulars of the eventual brexit agreement are n't predefined . 
  this referendum is about a simple overall majority . 
  yes i 'm not disputing that , but that puppet state has since been dissolved , with croatia respecting bih 's territorial integrity since , while the trnc is still around . 
  those are all current events , pal . 
  if a traditionally christian country pulled the shit turkey does it would n't get accepted either . 
  would we have accepted romania if it dealt with its hungarians the way turkey does with its kurds ? 
  would we have accepted croatia if it ran an occupation of an ethnically cleansed part of bosnia like turkey does of cyprus ? 
  would we have accepted bulgaria if it was in the habit of jailing journalists like turkey does ? 
  of course we would n't . 
  i 'm sure being majority muslim does n't help in how europeans view you but if you go around acting like the regional bully , having an active sectarian conflict going on , having repressive laws etc. 
  you should n't expect to not to have to deal with the consequences . 
  '' - if people wo n't budge when he tries not to . '', 
   aaand that country is at war . 
  which is the whole point . 
  not with russia directly , neither is serbia directly at war with the us which is what it would have to take to reconquer kosovo . 
  serbia going to war anytime soon is patently absurd . 
   neither does already having a recent history of genocidal civil wars . 
  we were absolutely fine in croatia , azerbaijan , turkey , macedonia etc. 
  all doing similar or worse things than serbia was doing in kosovo prior to the bombing . 
  then in the negotations that were forced on serbia nato basically demanded kosovan independence without specifically saying the word , basically making sure the bombing would happen anyway . 
   no one really wanted to go there , sure seems like they did given that yugoslavia/serbia was handed demands no sovereign state would ever find acceptable .
