  * the part of karabakh that 's actually heavily armenian is merely the mountainous part of it . 
  separating it from the surrounding lowlands makes sense from an ethnographic pov but not an administrative or economic one . 
  making it a ( supposedly ) autonomous oblast of the azerbaijani ssr was seen as a practical compromise . 
  though of course it did n't end up being practical with all the trouble it provoked , and azerbaijani and armenian nationalists will often tell you it was a nefarious plot by the other that forced this situation on them . 
   so inform me why it does n't fit . 
  to begin with : what is the majority population of crimea ? 
  what is their feeling towards russia ? 
  if the region ever became sovereign with some form of democratic representation what would its relationship vis-\u00e0-vis russia be like ? 
  what would its relationship vis-\u00e0-vis ukraine be like ? 
   how are they damaging us more than them again ? 
  please try actually reading for once . 
   i did n't feel offended , i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the kneejerk ` estonia is the most innocent country in the world ' reaction looks kinda funny considering how irrelevant it is to everything else . 
  know what i 'm saying ? 
   oh you 're that guy again . 
  one and the same . 
   for anyone reading this , the guy claims i called russians subhumans , yet does n't care that i called only these people subhumans , who want to destroy my country . 
   see the difference ? 
  this guy does n't . 
  only a very select group of people ever use the word subhuman to refer to a culture and they usually do it for a very specific motivation . 
  they usually do n't do it because they 're tree-hugging humanists who want to co-exist as equals and just be friends with the millions/hundreds of thousands they 've just described as subhuman , regardless of whatever weasel words they subsequently use to explain their user of term . 
   analogy fits perfectly . 
  delude yourself however you wish . 
   then we should sanction russia for a million years . 
  sanctioning towards no achievable end-goal to no benefit to ourselves and no long-term damage to our enemies ability to resist us achieving our goals . 
  brilliant strategist you are . 
   i do n't regret anything . 
  neither i nor my state is the criminal here . 
  brilliant reading skills once again . 
  complete misunderstanding a completely commonplace use of a completely commonplace word just because you want to feel offended and vindicated . 
  you have literally called russians a subhuman culture and repeatedly called for russians to be denied political rights * based on their ethnicity * . 
  i have repeatedly linked you to comments of yours where those sentiments are expressed or otherwise evident . 
   what does that mean ? 
  it means that your repeated statements of moral outrage and vindictiveness are still very entertaining ( though still not at all relevant and still ultimately hollow and meaningless ) . 
   so , if you replace the indigenous people with your own , then you can legitimately claim the land for your own ? 
  congratulations , you 've just offered russia a loophole in international law !, 
  yes . 
  now all russia needs to do to convince a random redditor to argue for the rights of russians ( in a non-specific , general sense that has little to do with territorial sovereignty ) is to invent a time-machine so they can retro-actively place their populations everywhere in the world centuries ago so i can argue in favor of them today . 
  it 's foolproof i tell you . 
   this is the way to act practically with a criminal state . 
  absolute zero-tolerance . 
  if you 're acting from a position of sufficient power . 
  which we 're not . 
  russia is n't iraq in 1991 , we ca n't just stomp all over her without disastrous consequences . 
   yeah , being against imperialism is now my personal feeling ... no , i was referring to your pathological hatred of everything russian ( which you can still choose to disguise however you wish ) . 
   you 've got it backwards . 
  i support the populations , which do n't commit such crimes not that the populations which i hate suddenly have their actions labeled as criminal . 
  ... honestly i 'd write some witty retort but this is such a nonsensical , meaningless word-salad i do n't know where to begin . 
   what ? 
  your proposed plans of action ( on this and other subjects ) is n't a practical policy , it 's a list of demands where you fantasize yourself to be in a position of absolute power and be able to arbitrate every dispute everywhere according to your personal views of what 's just . 
  if any major western power would take such a laughably maximalist position vis-a-vis russia they 'd harden russia 's resistance to them , achieve less than nothing and be rightly ridiculed everywhere . 
   polling does n't matter in this case , only a legitimate referendum does . 
  irrelevant to what i 'm saying . 
   the soviet union is never going to give up the baltic states willingly . 
  that comparison does n't work for a thousand different reasons which you of course well know . 
  be as deliberately obtuse as you like regardless . 
   first it has to go back to ukraine . 
  not going to happen in a million years . 
  that ship has sailed regardless of how much you , i , or anyone else might regret it . 
   then the all locals could return and new immigrants should leave . 
  there 's been no reports of significant demographic changes so far anyway . 
  neat way of insinuating evil russian colonization though ( but of course you 've argued that all russians regardless of how long they 're there are filthy [ subhuman ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4w5jtd/finnish_areas_ceded_in_1944_619_x_800/d65jyfv ) colonists anyway ) . 
   then there should be talks of the regions future . 
  k fam  if the * indigenous * population is against unifying with russia , then that should be it . 
  good thing we 're back to your obsession with that nonsense . 
   russians already have their state in the east . 
  k fam honestly this comes up in nigh-on every single one of your comments . 
  it 's never about practical ways to solve issues , it 's never about striving towards something achievable if imperfect . 
  you keep unloading this barrel of warped ` idealistic ' demands ( when neither the eu , the us or nato is in a position of strength to enforce them even if they were a desirable end-goal which a lot of your proposals are n't to begin with ) based on your personal feelings as to what 's historically just and which population you hate and which population you like . 
  they 're an insane list of * should happens * that when translated to policy means cutting off your nose to spit your face . 
  eh , making it all about land and its value is a bit reductive . 
  there was still immense human suffering imposed on the polish population by the soviet union forcefully changing poland 's borders and demographics . 
  millions were deported and historic polish cultural centres like wilno/vilnius and lw\u00f3w / lviv and their polish communities were destroyed . 
  there 's been some [ independent western polling ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/kenrapoza/2015/03/20/one-year-after-russia-annexed-crimea-locals-prefer-moscow-to-kiev/#10b2ed7e5951 ) that seems to suggest the locals prefer moscow to kyiv ( though one could argue they 're somewhat colored by the climate of fear , hysteria , ultra-nationalism , and repression that 's set in in crimea which might lead some people to give the ` desired ' answer ) . 
  i 'd say it matters ( from my pov , not his ) because russia is never going to turn over crimea willingly . 
  even if we concede a fantastical russian collapse scenario where the russian federation magically disintegrates the locals would in all likelihood still vehemently resist being rejoined to ukraine which makes their reintegration awkward to achieve even if all the other pieces fall into place . 
  even if we disregard crimea ( we should n't , there 's a solid measure of public support for russia there but that referendum was a farce ) there 's still the fact that russia is supporting two other seperatist regimes in ukraine 's east . 
  said support has resulted in a war that has cost something like 10,000 lives so far . 
  the sanctions serve a purpose , they 're there to push russia towards winding down its support of this novorossiya business and get donetsk and luhansk reintegrated into ukraine . 
  as long as that 's not happening there 's no reason to stop these sanctions even if one would be willing to be pragmatic on crimea . 
  donetsk and luhansk ca n't exist in isolation . 
  even though the economic worth of these provinces is probably negative by now the mere fact that they exist is detrimental to the region at large and will result in * the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people becoming permanent . 
  * a thriving smuggling industry like that of transnistria , and general lawlessness and continuing potential for instability in the border regions . 
  * a huge economic drag on ukraine . 
  these regions are not under ukraine 's authority and they derive no economic benefit from them , but these regions are still full of ukrainian citizens who still draw pensions and still have rights . 
  the local ` authorities ' do n't have the capacity to run a halfway functional state and moscow is barely helping in that aspect . 
  * the delegitimization of kyiv 's authority and the potential for more breakaways . 
  russia 's annexation of crimea can be excused with how vastly more powerful russia is than ukraine , but a bunch of neo-tsarist/bolshevik thugs running their statelets right under ukraine 's nose is humiliating to say the least . 
  if at all possible everything in ukraine 's power should be done to liquidate donetsk and luhansk . 
  oh i know . 
  i just find the claim that ukraine would look like that ` if not for russia ' a bit ridiculous because the only reason there was a ukrainian majority in the south of modern-day ukraine and a ukrainian majority/plurality in the kuban ( at the time into the 30s , thank stalin for ` rectifying ' that ) was because the russian empire pacified the region and facilitated ukrainians migrating there . 
  not that i agree with op 's map of course . 
  certainly do n't agree with the ` backsies ' concept that it seems to promote . 
  that 's a map of ukrainian claims at the time ( post-wwi ) and does n't really reflect the situation on the ground , the settling of ukrainians in much of modern-day southern ukraine and the kuban was only possible in the first place because the russian empire conquered and pacified the region . 
  albania at the time being a stalinist , repressive , totalitarian hellhole . 
  it does n't really compare to a modern western democracy . 
   for the last 600-700 years it was tatar majority till 1942 no , it was n't . 
  the very first census taken in crimea in 1897 , 47 years before the deportation ( which was in 1944 , not 1942 ) has the crimean tatars as 35 % of the population . 
  they were down to 19 % in 1939 , the last census before the deportation . 
  personal biases on the matter , mostly  not a big fan of jingoism and uncritical nationalism to begin with .
