  again with the contradiction of you both saying there 's fewer armenians now and that simultaneously they 're settling like crazy . 
   yes , dropping from 90 % majority to 75 % majority is making them small minority . 
  yes , it 's your delusion . 
  yes , azerbaijan 's colonization effort got interrupted . 
   because it shows your biasedeness . 
  jesus christ ...  you do n't care huge decrease of azerbaijani population due to forceful deportation ( i talk deportations before 1980s ) , which during soviet time were majority in some parts of armenia . 
  i 've mentioned incidents like these before when arguing with armenians or pro-armenian people . 
  the simple fact is that those events are irrelevant to this issue . 
   but you show decrease of armenian majority from 90 % to 75 % , due to higher natural growth of azerbaijanis , as an attempt to ethnically cleanse armenians . 
  natural growth / = / settler colonialism  all of those accusations following this sentence are just product of armenian propaganda . 
  i 'll not reply . 
  deny reality all you want . 
   i challenge you to show any proof/source . 
  but you can not . 
  just provided you a source . 
  meanwhile you still believe that 17,000 growing to 27,000 in a decade is somehow natural growth . 
   this is only one side of story which happened during the war . 
  yes , the bit that is relevant to the conversation . 
   you well know that , atrocities committed by both azerbaijanis and armenians during the war . 
  ... yes but for the fiftieth time that 's not the point . 
   i asked you to show any atrocity against armenians between 1920-end of 1980s when karabakh was under azerbaijan 's rule . 
  under soviet azerbaijan , which is different from it being independent . 
  even then there 's the settler colonialism and the steep decline of armenians in nakhchivan . 
   actually aliyev treats better to minorities than own azerbaijani people . 
  yes , it 's so sad how azerbaijanis have declined to less than 1 % of their population in 1989 , are banned from entering azerbaijan , have their cultural heritage destroyed by the aliyev regime . 
   and i do n't like aliyev at all . 
  never liked . 
  but still somehow trust him on his word when it comes to a minority he has shown nothing but hostility and xenophobia towards . 
   but this does n't give you a right to shitpost about azerbaijan . 
  * ugh *  this sentence of you is probably the shittiest sentence you wrote in your life . 
  you can give award for yourself for that . 
  this shows how much you are under armenian propaganda , even i can not help you . 
  poor . 
  so a minority declining to 1 % of what it was is just an act of god then ( or natural decline , seeing as settler colonialism is natural growth ) ? 
  poor armenians , everywhere around azerbaijanis they go they just seem to randomly disappear even while those azerbaijanis only have the best intentions for them . 
   you still talk about war events . 
  i 'm talking about period of xx century between 1920-end of 1980s . 
  the period in which the other traditionally armenian populated azerbaijani governed region that did not have autonomy ( nakhchivan ) had its armenian population decimated to basically 0 ? 
  the period in which azerbaijan deliberately settled colonists in the nkao . 
  the period in which azerbaijan was still constrained by the kremlin ? 
   go spread you armenian propaganda in another place . 
  thanks . 
  show me a prolonged period of azerbaijani independence in which armenians were n't persecuted or massacred . 
   how much , i want to see the data , it 's very slight increase . 
  10 % of the population increasing to 25 % ( through the deliberate application of settler colonialism ) in a few short decades , slight increase huh ? 
   you must be crazy or armenian propagandist to depict this change as deliberate attempt to extinct armenians in karabakh . 
  who mentioned making them extinct ? 
  just making them a small enough minority to justify their autonomy being revoked or said autonomy becoming functionally meaningless . 
   comparison is relevant . 
  azerbaijan 's deliberate change is just delusion . 
  tell that to heydar aliyev . 
  i 'm sure he 'll be spinning in his grave now that he hears all about his proud efforts being denied . 
   it 's very relevant here . 
  tell me the reason why it is relevant in the context of this topic . 
  we 're not playing massacre olympics here , we 're simply arguing whether azerbaijan can be trusted to govern armenians responsibly . 
   you are just so biased . 
  * sigh *  just in 1948 100,000 azerbaijani forcely moved out of armenia . 
  this is approximately population of armenians in nagorno karabakh . 
  but as you are biased toward armenians , you just do n't give fuck . 
  * sigh *  show me one time azerbaijan officially threatened ethnic cleansing , otherwise it 's your another delusion . 
  there 's explicit threats and implicit threats . 
  we all know what aliyev means when he sells the lie of armenians never having lived in nagorno-karabakh before the 1800s . 
  we all know why azerbaijan bans any and all ethnic armenians from entering azerbaijan . 
  we all know what the implication is when safarov gets honored as a national hero . 
  we all know why azerbaijan deliberately erases all traces of armenians on the areas that it does still control ( like nakhchivan ) . 
  we all know why azerbaijan has an armenian population that is less than 1 % of what it was pre-conflict . 
   any source , any proof ??? 
  you are just repeating same baseless accusations . 
  is this new propaganda technique . 
  if you ca n't put two and two together i do n't know what will convince you . 
   karabakh was under azerbaijan 's rule from until 1991 . 
  can you show me any atrocity against armenians during that time ? 
  really , 1920s 1930s 1940s 1960 1970s . . 
  i challenge you find . 
  shusha massacre , baku pogrom , kirovabad pogrom , operation ring , the complicate cleansing of nakhchivan of all its armenians , the deliberate application of settler colonialism etc. 
   there is no solution with ~ ~ out ~ ~ that . 
  that 's very simple . 
  fixed that for you . 
   look , i do n't like government of aliyev and yet when it comes to the issue of its treatment of the minority it most despises you trust it completely and argue that the rest of the world should as well . 
  curious , is n't it ? 
   but each time you accuse azerbaijanis and aliyev government on ethnically cleansing armenians . 
  i am literally disgusted by it . 
  well yeah , the truth can be quite painful . 
   this baseless accusation is disgusting . 
  azerbaijan never had any intention of ethnically cleansing of armenians . 
  well then azerbaijan must just have a natural talent at ethnic cleansing seeing as how it managed to cut down its armenian minority to 1 % of what it was purely by accident and while supposedly trying so hard not to . 
   this is just armenian propaganda , to portray an image of victim armenian people at the hand of `` barbar azerbaijani turks '' who wants ethnically cleans armenians ??? 
  again , i 've never denied that armenians are towards azerbaijanis guilty of much the same that azerbaijanis are towards armenians . 
  the issue here is that every time i mention the latter without ( for no reason whatsoever ) mentioning the former along with it you freak out and start claiming i 'm a propagandist . 
  it 's absolutely maddening . 
   in azerbaijan , karabakh azerbaijanis and armenians lived in peace for most of xx century , until end of 1980s . 
  stop that bullshit . 
  1905-7 not real , khaibalikend and shusha and are n't real , operation ring not real , deliberate settler colonialism not real etc. 
  every time azerbaijan has been independent or has acted independently and has controlled or has tried to control nagorno-karabakh it 's degenerated into ethnic violence and colonialism . 
  absolute nonsense . 
  also it 's quite telling how you do n't even try to deny that your view on this whole thing is based on nationalism and nothing else . 
   i 've heard so much about it . 
  but i have n't seen any reliable proof . 
  the census data is freely available and shows a noticeable uptick during the latter half of the soviet period . 
  heydar aliyev has proudly stated multiple times that it was his intention to change the demographic balance in the nkao to the azerbaijanis advantage .
