  he was n't a rapidly aging drunken boor or a fsb-director , so at least that 's a plus . 
  really though we do n't know . 
  nemtsov for all his faults was a genuine reformer and the oil-boom occurring in his hypothetical tenure would present russia with many opportunities regardless . 
  whatever outcome a nemtsov-presidency might 've looked like it probably would 've done most people more good than the nationalism , jingoism , and kleptocracy that you ended up getting . 
  though once again , it was only a brief period where this was considered a real possibility and even had everything gone in his favor i very much doubt he 'd be able to either work within or radically change the political structure . 
  you could argue that there was a real shot at democracy and liberalism in the late 90s . 
  nemtsov ( for a time ) for example has a somewhat reasonable chance at succeeding yeltsin for example . 
  though of course by this time both the fsb and the oligarchs were massively involved in the political process and trying to root them out would be an uphill battle for whomever would attempt it ( putin has largely ejected the oligarchs from politics but put his old fsb/kgb cronies and petersburg buddies in charge instead ) . 
  well yes ( debatable in my opinion but let 's go with it , these kinds of arguments rarely do anyone any good ) but if we take that line of reasoning one might as well include places in the americas , south africa , or asian russia in lists like these . 
  a line should be drawn when discussing things of and in europe and that line should preferably exclude places like anatolia . 
   golyazi , turkey golyazi , an ancient greek trading city , is on one of the few islands dotted about the waters of lake uluabat . 
  which is in asia , telegraph . 
  * asia * . 
  that 's not what 's been happening though . 
  russia has n't been solely targeting is like western countries would 've wanted ( which would 've been lunacy considering it 's not is that 's threatening assad 's heartland ) but let 's not act is has been getting off scot-free . 
  even if one accepts the ( perhaps temporary ) partition of syria , what little territory that the fsa currently control does n't seem to constitute a viable statelet . 
  being better than assad and isis is of little significance given that they 've become very much marginalized and fractured . 
  they 've long ago stopped having a real shot at achieving a forceful unification of syria ( which is n't a very desirable solution anyhow ) . 
  regardless of their official ideology the fsa has shown that it ( in itself ) is not the answer to the conflict . 
  i do n't think ukraine would particularly want an economically worthless russophile region it does n't have any claim to . 
  transnistria is an officially recognized region of moldova , if moldova voted for union with romania transnistria would become a de jure part of romania as well . 
  romania/moldova absolving itself of transnistria would cement the existence of a mafia state and permanent source of smuggling in the area which is something neither romania/moldova or ukraine would want . 
  with ukraine firmly in the anti-russian camp at this stage it would be fairly easy for romania to roll in and put an end to transnistria 's ` independence ' , the problem is that the russians have a ( legal ) presence in the region as part of a peacekeeping force and ejecting them would prove difficult . 
  would such a union make the situation with transnistria even more volatile or is that basically impossible at this stage ? 
  i mean moldova was/is still pretty pro-russian but the transnistrians still fought tooth and nail to separate from them for some reason even though the ussr was pretty damn dead at the time and they had no way to go back to it . 
  a union permanently without transnistria would also be a pretty poor status quo considering the kind of mafia state that transnistria is and the fact that it still holds some romanian-speaking villages . 
  kosovo is the worst off and it 's basically a sycophantic nato vassal continuously being swarmed by western subsidies . 
  macedonia , montenegro and bosnia-herzegovina ( apart from republika srpska ) are also very western-friendly . 
  well your ethnic minorities also do n't have long histories of antipathy with you ( abkhazia , south-ossetia , nagorno-karabakh ) , are n't concentrated in an easily detachable region ( nagorno-karabakh , transnistria , abkhazia , south-ossetia ) and estonian independence did n't begin with ultranationalist measures and hysteria like in azerbaijan and georgia who both wisely unilaterally revoked the autonomy of ethnic-minority regions that were already seeing large-scale unrest . 
  sure but one does n't get to pick one 's neighbors , not having taken advantage of russia 's early to late noughties ascent would 've been a massive opportunity cost . 
  not to mention that a lot of the economic opportunities for finland in russia are largely independent of the size of russia 's economy because they 're raw materials for which there 'll always be a demand . 
  russia will largely recover when the oil price does . 
  it 's also misleading to use real gdp as expressed in usd here , russia did n't suddenly produce and consume a third less than it did a year before that . 
  ` freefall ' is wishful thinking . 
  which was part of a process of reform , not collapse . 
  the ussr might well have reformed itself successfully instead of collapsing ; a possibility barely anyone envisioned at the time of german reunification . 
  the soviet system was inefficient and barely functional but it could well have continued moving along indefinitely . 
  collapses like these are n't ` natural ' . 
  yup and there lies my irritation with threads like these . 
  we 're all so ready to circlejerk about how bad russia is in fomenting unrest in ukraine and taking the crimea but the moment threads like these come around we all turn around and start furiously masturbating to inane speculations of russia collapsing and the potential to partition its territories . 
  it 's absolutely idiotic . 
  but then we 're enlightened europeans and they 're just a bunch of half-asiatic barbaric muscovites , ey ? 
  the areas taken from finland are now divided between the republic of karelia and the leningrad oblast . 
  both have a neglible population of karelians + finns . 
  what 's even more idiotic is that the land connection between estonia and finland people some people here are masturbating over would necessitate attaching st. petersburg , a city of 5 million ( overwhelmingly russian ) to finland . 
  yes it is . 
  taking ` back ' land now filled to the brim with russians is idiotic and wo n't be accepted by anyone . 
  finland is n't putin 's russia . 
  that 's a bunch of nonsense . 
  gorbachev stopped propping up east germany because he did n't like the hardliners and wanted genuine liberalization within the eastern bloc , he was genuinely committed to reform , not to collapse . 
  the soviet union reconsidering the wisdom of propping up the satellite states was n't by definition part of its collapse . 
  but thanks to the non-solution provided by nato we now have an ` independent ' kosovo that has , for no discernible reason , a virtually [ 100 % serb northern enclave ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a2/kosovo_serb_population_in_2011.png ) in it , that was forced into an ` independent ' kosovo , and will probably never accept being kosovan and will keep this shit from being solved for decades . 
  because it 's your largest neighbor and it makes sense . 
  it 's not going to collapse despite all this inane masturbatory speculation on it . 
  germany reunified before the soviet union collapsed . 
   why do westerners think that africa is the continent with the problem , wonders mawuna remarque koutonin , in a light-hearted look at global population issues because it 's mostly african ( and middle-eastern ) countries that tend to fail , collapse and then export human misery , unwanted migrants , illicit drugs and weapons etc. 
  due to factors that have a lot to do with rapid population growth . 
   it is only in africa that we talk about having population reduction funded by western ngos and governments . 
  is it because africa does not have resources to feed 2 billion people ? 
  it 's because some other nations want those resources for their own people instead . 
  or it 's because besides general ( world - ) overpopulation being a problem in and of itself , high population growth also hampers african societies that seem thereby to consistently create a perennially underemployed , perennially discontented generation of young people without prospects that tends to create failed states , conflicts , civil war , smuggling , unwanted emigration to other states etc. 
   africa , as a whole , has a population smaller than china , and a total gdp which is half that of a small country like france . 
  considering that it 's an already overpopulated continent , it 's surprising that many european countries give incentives to families to make more babies . 
  damn those europeans for wanting stable socially cohesive societies . 
  why do n't they do the smart thing and import millions of unskilled africans ? 
  we 've already had [ a thread about that . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4332h7/netherlands_recognises_church_of_the_flying/ ) it was somewhat of a cesspool . 
   we can not tolerate any form of hate speech , regardless of the religion , sect or ethnicity it targets . 
  unless it 's against armenians , in which case not only can erdogan and the akp ( and most stripes of turkish politicians it seems ) tolerate it but will happily spread and profit from that sentiment . 
  to clarify , i 'm not saying you ca n't criticize accepting refugees . 
  i 'm just saying the moaning about refugees i 've personally come across was mostly a bunch of ignorant xenophobic nonsense . 
  personally , not at all except that people found another subject to ignorantly moan about . 
  see for yourself . 
  the source has details for both . 
  [ serbia ] ( http://epi.yale.edu/country/serbia ) [ turkey ] ( http://epi.yale.edu/country/turkey ), 
   you call it a simple joke , but what you do n't understand is that it was making a serious point : thanks for the condescension however i do understand it but it 's a point that could 've been made in a less meme-like , less insanely reductive manner plus it 's something everyone more or less already knows . 
   that christianity is no less absurd than any other made up cult . 
  except that its adherents ( in large part ) actually believe in its teachings ( in some sense ) and it 's not set up by a bunch of edgy people who saw an episode of south park once and consider themselves intellectuals over not believing in god . 
  i 'd say an established religion of two millenia with a well established tradition and doctrine behind is n't exactly infantile . 
  being insanely reductive and dumbing it down to ` le giant magical sky daddy xdddddd ' is though . 
  `` dae think le xtians and muslims are dumb xddddddd '' +300 is n't exactly a thorough critique . 
  if they 're gon na post something on that level i 'm not going to engage them as if they wrote something with actual merit . 
  sorry to ruin your fun but i 'm not religious . 
   and people often turn to humour to help overcome very real trauma which can and does happen because of exposure to religion at home and in politics . 
   let people heal and cope oh please . 
  i 'm not going to assume every moron here basking in their own ` enlightenment ' actually suffered ` trauma ' . 
  do n't try to weasel your way into making the kind of tripe spread in this thread and in that ` church ' anything more than the pseudo-intellectual masturbatory nonsense it is . 
  and that 's actually euphoric . 
   and infantile actions are never found in other religions . 
  okay there , buddy . 
  every time i criticize anything from now on i 'll be sure to take the time to criticize every single goddamn last thing in existence that 's even tangentially connected to it because otherwise some people who get miffed way too easily might just get a bit miffed . 
   get over yourself . 
  i 'm not against recognizing it or treating it any differently for all its euphoric fedora tipping . 
  i 'm just saying that 's it 's rather infantile . 
  edgy . 
  well when one is called the church of the flying spaghetti monster and takes such extremely edgy jabs at christianity one might just be able to ascertain that it is in fact not a serious attempt at religion . 
  of course you know that very well but that 's not the point , ` bravely ' slamming le dumb religious people is . 
  be as deliberately obtuse as you want . 
  you and i both know that this is an attempt at being funny at the expense of christianity ( like your hilarious jab at christianity earlier ( le zombie jesus xddddd ) ) , not an attempt at setting up a serious religion , which is fine . 
  it 's quite infantile , but fine .
