  in fact well known nazi collaborators from ww2 are celebrated as heros . 
  ah yes i was wondering why these talking points sound familiar , parroting / u/maximegauin i see . 
  i know he 's an ` historian ' who denies the armenian genocide which means you ultranationalist types are obligated to collectively fellate him , but he 's a dishonest hack who takes a paycheck from an ultranationalist turkish ` think ' tank . 
  do n't parrot him . 
  this is all irrelevant anyway but i 'll indulge you : dro and nzhdeh briefly collaborated with the nazis in recruiting armenian volunteers . 
  they however committed no notable war-crimes during that period ( nor did armenian collaborator units ) . 
  [ however this notable azerbaijani statesman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mammad_amin_rasulzadeh ) for instance collaborated with the nazis in a similar fashion in recruiting azerbaijani ss volunteers [ \\ ( who were in fact involved in numerous war crimes \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aserbaidschanische_legion ) , and is widely honored in azerbaijan today . 
  yet somehow i 'd speculate you 'll find a way to absolve the azerbaijanis for that whilst not extending the courtesy to the armenians . 
   as for ethnic cleasning , azerbaijan remains a home to 597,000 internally displaced people , a product of armenian irredentism in karabakh and the surroudning provinces , and you have the nerve to accuse azerbaijan without even mentioning armenia ? 
  irrelevant . 
  irrelevant . 
  irrelevant . 
  the discussion of how much azerbaijan is a danger to its minority armenians is n't dependent on what armenia has done ( just as the discussion of how much of a threat the roc is to turkish cypriots is n't dependent on what massacres turkey has commited both in turkey and in cyprus ) . 
  armenia having committed massacres and being responsible for the displacement of azerbaijanis ( in a way which is exactly mirrored in azerbaijan 's conduct towards armenians ) does not in any way change the simple fact that baku is a clear and present danger to any and all armenians who would find themselves beneath its boot . 
  the point you 're supposed to be arguing here is why azerbaijan should be trusted on governing armenians given its atrocious track record on that front and the fact that its had no change of heart on the issue . 
  you 're not supposed to be crying about how bad the prophet / u/maximegauin has told you evil nazi-worshiping armenia is . 
  this is n't the massacre olympics . 
   it is franly quite ridiculous how biased you are . 
  yes , i really should be like you and cheer for \\* insert own ethnicity here * irredentism while constantly crying about \\* insert filthy enemy ethnicity * irredentism . 
  for purely rational reasons of course , no bias present there . 
  the fact that you only seem to have a problem with such states or the wars that create them is when the winning side is the filthy armenian giaour has everything to do with nationalist jingoism . 
  i 've hardly seen you use such terms as ` unrecognized pseudostate ' in such a derogatory way when referring to the trnc . 
  the trnc being recognized by the country that sponsors it is a negligible , semantic difference , not a substantive one . 
  also the nkr is not an entity i defend per se . 
  my view on states like the trnc and the nkr are roughly the same , my view on the conflicts relative to them differ because the countries they 're rebelling from are massively dissimilar . 
  the roc being a decent , respectable country that 's been fundamentally constructive in its approach to the peace negotiations and azerbaijan being a xenophobic kleptocratic petrostate lacking every semblance of the rule of law and that 's always made it perfectly clear it hates armenians and sees no issue in oppressing or ethnically cleansing them . 
   any proof/source ?? 
  or continuation of armenian propaganda already provided a source . 
   firstly it 's your delusion . 
  reality is , after armenia won , there is no single azerbaijani there . 
  and you are afraid to talk reality . 
  again , never denied that . 
   a book written by known very pro-armenian writer . 
  anyway , so , opening azerbaijani school and shoemaking fabric and inviting azerbaijani is deliberate extinction of armenian people . 
  see your delusion . 
  aliyev was very powerful after 1969 , if he had such an idea to artificially increase , he would do it in more effective way , rather than openin shoemaking fabric . 
  he had to be careful with his soviet masters . 
  disguised settler colonialism is still settler colonialism . 
   10,000 per decade , nothing suspicious literally over 50 % population growth on the decade . 
  nothing suspicious , sure . 
   seems this is new level of alternate delusional reality seems you created for yourself to convince yourself that , azerbaijani people are barbar turks who kill all armenians . 
  pathetic . 
  azerbaijan 's deliberate attempt to colonize the nkao is well-attested . 
  i 'm not calling all azerbaijanis barbarians , stop strawmanning . 
   yes , it again shows how biased you are . 
  ` explain . 
  how . 
  relevant . 
   that 's fantastic comment . 
  i do n't know how to reply . 
  literally i do n't know . 
  so probably you 'd campaign for less natural growth of azerbaijanis in order to preserve natural growth of armenians ?? 
  azerbaijanis make less children , armenians make more children  i 'd be content with azerbaijan simply not engaging in settler colonialism . 
   that 's the point . 
  because you are misrepresently present an image as azerbaijanis are bad guy , armenian are good guy . 
  this is wrong . 
  i know you are biased . 
  but please do not misrepresent . 
  abject nonsense . 
   that 's funny how you say that armenians were oppressed under azerbaijan at the same time you say it was different . 
  as i said . 
  the kremlin wanted calm on the periphery . 
  heydar aliyev still got his colonists he just had to be crafty about it and keep faith with the kremlin . 
   that 's the same story from this side of coin . 
  our cultural heritage is also destroyed by armenians . 
  but as a natural armenian propagandist you do n't care about it . 
  i 've mentioned things like these countless times whenever they were relevant [ \\ ( i distinctly remember you praising me for it when i made a comment that was more critical of armenia than azerbaijan ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/karabakhconflict/comments/4vrv4j/every_house_has_bullet_marks_living_in_one_of/d62mh93?context=10000 ) ) . 
  it is not quite relevant here , or was n't before you started this inane tirade about it . 
  explain to me how ` hur dur armenia did the same ' is an adequate answer to the statement that azerbaijan 's ( unapologetically ) atrocious treatment of its minority armenians indicates that it ca n't be trusted to govern armenians ? 
   and what about one majority of azerbaijani people in armenia suddenly went to under 1 % ?? 
  see how you are biased . 
  irrelevant . 
  for the fiftieth time . 
   propaganda propaganda propaganda nakchivan 's armenian population declining to basically nothing is a myth ? 
  heydar aliyev by his own testimony deliberately settling azerbaijanis in the nkao is a myth ? 
  azerbaijan being constrained by the kremlin ( you 've already complained about the ` artificial ' creation of the nkao imposed by the big bad kremlin ) is a myth ? 
   1918-1920 during azerbaijan democratic republic dashnak party was 3rd biggest party in our parliament . 
  did n't stop you from massacring armenians willy-nilly during the september days or the shusha and khaibalikend pogroms . 
   during soviet azerbaijan they lived in peace in azerbaijan irrelevant . 
  soviet azerbaijan was n't independent . 
   but if there was a war in 1991 it was not because of so-called azerbaijan 's oppression of poor armenians . 
  no , it was a complicated matter . 
  at the heart of the conflict however were ( among other things ) anti-armenian pogroms . 
   literally there was not any oppression of armenian people in soviet azerbaijan . 
  nakhchivan 's armenians must 've all miraculously ascended into the heavens then if glorious multicultural azerbaijan was so good of them . 
  protests in the nkao also came from nowhere because as we all know discontent does n't arise from the other 's misconduct , repression , poor conditions , no no no . 
  it arises because armenians are untrustworthy backstabbing scumbags whom you ca n't trust ( but who will still be safe in a country that views all of them that way of course ) , yes indeed . 
   but as you are an armenian propagandist , you do n't talk about it . 
  your bias does n't let you to see another side of the coin . 
  keep believing anyone with a different viewpoint that 's not quite as pro-azerbaijan as yours is a propagandist . 
  i do n't know why you dislike aliyev so much , your views seem quite well-aligned with his . 
   if natural growth of azerbaijani people is higher than armenians , it 's not our fault . 
  the deliberate settlement of colonists is . 
   during whole period when karabakh was under azerbaijan armenian population there was increased year after year . 
  during the whole period when the baltics were under the ussr their native populations increased year after year . 
  that does not mean the ussr dumping colonists on them was n't wrong and/or indicative of them wanting to change the demographic balance for political reasons . 
   actually there were more armenians in karabakh when karabakh was under azerbaijan than now . 
  and if azerbaijan had won the war there 'd be basically none . 
   you can not show me any source [ here you go . 
   as armenians do right now .
