  to be fair macedonia seems committed to claiming the legacy of the ancient macedonians for themselves and only themselves and when macedonia first gained independence there was a lot of irredentist nonsense going around claiming ( among other areas ) greek macedonia . 
  greece is hardly being reasonable or anything but macedonia is n't wholly innocent . 
  to be fair to turkey the ` required ' money is still quite a ways more than we 've committed ourselves to giving them . 
  they 've spent far in excess of the couple billion we 'll be giving them taking care of refugees within turkey . 
  i knew / r/europe had taken a dive in quality but i did n't think we were at / int / or / pol / level quite yet . 
  you do know you could just as easily make the case that the uk , france , spain , the us etc. 
  all had a hand in thousands of muslims deaths abroad right ? 
  did you make or would you have made the same such remarks when notable terrorist attacks happened in those countries ? 
  besides people are people , regardless of what viewpoints they hold or what country they 're from . 
  ` colonizing ' is also often used in the sense of smeans sending settlers someplace to establish political control , which is what a lot of american westward expansion entailed . 
  though given that we were discussing it within the context of european colonization of the americas i should have just said conquered westward and avoided the ambiguity there . 
  ultimately syria is much more ` our ' problem ( well mostly not yours so far if you live in romania but you get the point ) than it is that of the united states given what it 's caused in regional destabilization and unwanted migration . 
  regardless of any imperialism going on achieving piece in syria should be much more of a priority for the europeans than it is for the us yet ` we ' have done nothing and let the us take the initiative every time . 
  well there 's been none so far because this thread was pretty much stillborn . 
  occasionally though you 'll get a bunch of people making a tired remark about turkey and the eu or tying the genocide to islam which is a very dubious connection . 
   why else do you think your post has been downvoted ? 
  why does any reference to the armenian genocide in this sub get downvoted ? 
  i think you 're seeing those things because you want to see them . 
  there 's been plenty of threads about or connected to the genocide that get more than enough upvotes . 
  certainly last year during the anniversary . 
  it might just be general fatigue on the subject which causes mostly everyone to ignore it apart from turks who get annoyed with it . 
  turks certainly are n't the only ones to get annoyed at others talking about the skeletons in their closet in a way they feel is inaccurate . 
  that 's just the east coast and a bit inland from there though . 
  the us colonized westward aplenty . 
  what disgusting things did obama say about poland ? 
  very few people were saying that . 
  there was some circlejerking about female peshmerga and all that but i ca n't recall people claiming that this whole thing boils down to progressive kurds rejecting islamist turks or whatever . 
  besides , ` the kurds ' did n't do anything , a kurd ( dish movement ) * possibly * did and even if a kurd ( ish movement ) was behind this it proves exactly nothing about wider kurdish attitudes towards social issues and the use of terrorism . 
  i very much doubt putin is willing to risk being associated with terrorists just so he can kill a bunch of random turks . 
  and if he was going to take counter measures i 'd say he 'd much prefer something that he could bring out in public . 
  there are much better , safer ways for russia to hit turkey than financing and arming terrorists to blow up a bunch of random turkish civilians in a shopping district . 
  that 's an awfully specific lot of speculation on an attack that literally just happened . 
  why would the russians randomly start funding terrorism against turkey ? 
  to be fair we do n't now whether this attack is homegrown or foreign-born yet , and syria degenerating into civil war was n't on erdogan and kurdish de-facto statehood south of the turkish border would create spillover regardless of how divisive the president/prime minister is . 
  that 's still way too provocative for them to take the chance of escalation . 
  plus i very much doubt nato and the us are all that enthusiastic about turkey entering the fray in light of the kurdish question . 
  yeah i get that sense as well . 
  must be a more local issue for the eastern part ( + anti-government kurds when it suits them ) than the country as a whole, 
  eh , turkish redditors , much less nationalists , are very much in the minority here . 
  i 'm much more wary of turkophobes and islamophobes shitting it up . 
  if i understand correctly it 's a thing where he roughly follows the path humans originally took out africa and reports on stuff like this along the way . 
  eh , it 's comforting for some people to have that sense of cultural identification . 
  i would n't be too bothered by it . 
   i do n't know if i get flak for this , but i 'd rather have an entire country full of people with ` ietsism ' than some areas where religion is strongly enforced . 
  that is indeed a very controversial position to be taking on the gathering of theocracy enthusiasts that is reddit . 
  welp , place your bets ladies and gentleman . 
  how many referendums before they get their desired result ? 
  it 's russia . 
  they 're very smart about playing the pr thing and thus creating that impression . 
  actual tangible aid to serbia ( apart from stuff like stonewalling kosovo internationally which is of dubious help to ordinary serbs ) has been trivial . 
   i 'm pretty certain serbia was handling its own internal matters , when nato decided to attack without a un mandate . 
  to be fair they were convinced that serbia was committing ethnic cleansing . 
  that might or might not have been true ( certainly was true * after * the bombing began ) , there were certainly incidents and brutality ( with milosevic 's acquiescence ) and overall treatment of albanians was woeful . 
  with russia blocking any un mandate there really was n't any good choice from their perspective ( though a good first step would 've been to not buddy up with the kla and thereby help actively foster a sectarian conflict which is what they accused milosevi\u00e7 of doing , but that 's neither here nor there ) . 
   recognizing kosovo 's independence is another thing completely . 
  it certainly did n't do anyone any favors other than the clique running kosovo . 
  it 's an example , for christ sake . 
  it 's a personal observation from people i 've spoken to and what i 've read on the subject including polls of armenian public opinion . 
  whether it 's 100 % true or just 99 % is largely immaterial , it might as well be metaphorical . 
  on comparatively minor issues . 
  also that in itself does n't prove or mean much of anything . 
  take any other seperatist conflict , say nagorno-karabakh : even the most liberal or committed pluralist armenian would at this point not take anything less than a separation of nagorno-karabakh from azerbaijan and would probably characterize their conflict with turkey and azerbaijan as one in which they 've only ever been the victim . 
  i do n't quite think separation from azerbaijan could be a solution and i do n't quite think that armenians are innocent of wrongdoing , does that make me a raging armenophobe ? 
   the inter-communal violence started long before any turkish soldier set foot on the island . 
  and serious incidents also ended about 7 years before a turkish soldier set foot on the island . 
  inconvenient , is n't it . 
   you can not have your cake and eat it too . 
  if you want to be treated as the sole legitimate government on the island , you need to act as one . 
  even more so when you are an eu member . 
  azerbaijan is a kleptocracy with no rule of law and a total disregard for its constitution . 
  does it lose its claim to nagorno-karabakh ? 
  is azerbaijan an illegitimate state ? 
  how can cyprus function if it should install either opportunistic yes-men or what would become incessant obstructionists to important posts ? 
  what kind of democratic state would cyprus be if it handed such significant political power to a group that constitutes around 4 % of the population within government-controlled territory ? 
  you 'll happily justify ethnic cleansing but cry bloody murder over cyprus not immediately forgiving everything and using the experience of a foreign invasion to turn itself into a pluralistic wonderland while their occupier happily steals everything it wants and sets up a puppet state on 40 % of cyprus ' sovereign territory . 
   satellite state of an intervened and invaded party . 
  a separatist satellite state since it 's on what 's internationally recognized as cyprus ' sovereignty territory . 
   it was an intercommunal violence until than it was an ethnic cleansing policy against the turkish cypriots which reached to the point of mass massacring the entire villages after the coup d'etat after the coup d'etat * and * the invasion . 
   that was backed by the fascist greek junta , alongside with the intercommunal violence . 
  it was n't just the `` intercommunal violence '' and `` balanced atrocities '' . 
  well i did n't mean they were perfectly balanced . 
  the turks suffered far more * prior to * the invasion . 
   also while nobody is denying turkey 's actions and the fact that the military intervention , and invasion forced greek cypriots at the north to leave , same happened to the turkish cypriots at the south . 
  so , it was not a thing that massively swung in the other direction from the balance . 
  the greeks had five times as many victims though . 
  and this population ` exchange ' was the result of turkey 's invasion , turkey did n't just want greeks cypriots out , they wanted all turkish cypriots in . 
   trnc is not separatist but a satellite state ; and it 's population is not for separation . 
  what the population might want is mostly irrelevant . 
  my point is that if it sticks around we should n't treat the trnc any differently than we do other illegitimate states . 
  my original point was that the 'em bargo ' on northern cyprus should be in place because it reinforces the notion that the status quo is unacceptable and the international community should n't facilitate separatist entities by trading with them as if they were legitimate states . 
  the 'em bargo ' on northern cyprus serves the cause of making the status quo seem unappealing to them and spurring them to negotiate for reunification . 
   it 's also not about trnc but turkish cypriots and greek cypriots that are negotiating , and there is no request for legalising and legitimising the trnc anyway . 
  not anymore . 
  because the international community stood firm on this issue and nobody but turkey has recognized northern cyprus it 's become clear that reunification is the only way to move forward . 
  the trnc did declare its ` independence ' after all . 
  it 's only because it 's made no progress on recognition that we 're seeing a reunification drive at all . 
   there is no existing separatism within the north part of the island for goodness sake ... what is the trnc if not a seperatist entity ? 
   i 'm not going to defend existence of trnc by the way , although ethnic cleansing is not just an issue at the north , and i want to point out that , well , mass massacres had happened on the island but it was against turkish cypriots . 
  it was intercommunal violence . 
  it happened to hit the turks more than the greeks because they were the minority .
