  great post , my friend . 
  a modern and tolerant country that : * has had state-sponsored book-burnings in the 21st century because said book did n't depict armenians as inhuman . 
  * denies people entry if they have an armenian ethnic background . 
  * arrested people for voting on armenia in the eurovision song contest of all things . 
  * systematically destroyed medieval cemeteries because they happen to be of armenian origin . 
  * is run by a corrupt-to-the-bones dynasty of kleptocrats . 
  i could honestly go on for a long while . 
  how these people can cling to a country and a regime obviously exploiting them is beyond me . 
  i support this , if only to make the borders look nice . 
  i do n't buy into that idea . 
  many countries have defaulted on their debts multiple times in the past . 
  if this was the early 1900s for example i could have made just as good a case for portugal ( or spain ) being a lost cause ; by that point portugal had defaulted on its debts more times than greece had . 
  but i would have been proven wrong because portugal has n't defaulted on its debt since . 
  even if its somehow a culture problem , cultural norms can change , certainly ones to do with corruption . 
  what are we to do otherwise , if greece really is n't a viable state ? 
  violate its sovereignty ? 
  greece needs a culture change ( in politics and attitudes to corruption ) , that does n't mean it and its people should suffer needlessly for decades and that we should turn around and pretend there 's nothing to be done . 
  if we do n't save greece we 'll be permanently shackled to its corpse . 
  absolutely nobody benefits by greece slipping into a decades long depression . 
  even if greece leaves the eu , schengen , euro etc. 
  greek economic collapse affects the region and europe as a whole ( socio - ) economically ( emigration , loss of demand , instability in economic infrastructure like pipelines etc. ) . 
  we seem to think of this issue too much in moral terms : they deserve what they get because they misbehaved , right ? 
  even if you buy into the idea that all greeks have to suffer for poor government policy , it 's still an insanely bad idea to put greece through an economic downturn that it ca n't possibly handle and that will adversely affect the rest of europe as well . 
  ehh , the russophobia ban was sorta justified though . 
  after the ukraine thing started there was a huge influx of ( mostly ) ukrainians making all sorts of disruptive inane comments about russia being somehow asiatic/uncivilized/inhuman and whatnot . 
  literally the only thing i said was that 8 % of the population being muslim is n't negligible and suddenly i 'm basically a fascist . 
  thanks , r/europe . 
  true but none of what i said contradicted any of that . 
  that 's not really accurate though . 
  the slavophiles within russia who were actually committed to an aggressive foreign policy against the ottoman empire very much wanted constantinople for russia itself . 
  the crimean war had more to do with religious rights in the holy land than a partition of the ottoman empire . 
  hell , in wwi russia actually got france and the uk to promise constantinople and ottoman lands on both sides of the coasts to her . 
  russia was actually very wary of greece entering wwi because they had similar territorial designs . 
  catherine the great did have a rather grandiose greek plan for a revived byzantine empire but it seemed to have died with her . 
  jesus christ do n't remind me of that pos . 
  so unbelievably terrible . 
  what did it say ? 
  when exactly did i claim any of those things would happen ? 
  8 % is n't a negligible percentage , certainly not when that 8 % is predominantly urban population . 
  not that surprising . 
  i do love the photo though . 
  the russian empire used to have significant greek colonies on its black sea coasts including crimea . 
  then the soviet union happened and they were for a large part considered class enemies as bourgeoisie . 
  they were mostly deported or emigrated on their own . 
  damned sad story . 
  a devalued ruble , uncertain economic prospects , a push for domestic tourism etc. 
  though interestingly enough , the ruble has n't devalued as much in respect to the euro as it has to the usd . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=rub&amp;to=eur&amp;view=2y ) , the ruble has recovered by more than half of it 's post-crimea low . 
  yeah , i do n't think very well of the kremlin at the moment and i think there 's a conversation worth having on hiv/aids in russia but i feel these kind of topics do n't work well when there 's always people ( often with ua in their profile name ) going on about how terrible russia and its people are . 
  it 's relatively restrained in this thread as of now but there 's plenty of them that become swamped with people making lame ` protecting russian minority ' jokes or going on about how russia is somehow not civilized , normal , human or european . 
  it 's the balkan blood in them . 
  prussia never occupied us though ... 
  the worst thing they did was put down our homegrown revolution ( relatively bloodlessly ) . 
  french vassalage and subsequent annexation was ( in economic terms ) enormously destructive to the netherlands . 
  while the ` extreme left sentiment ' comment is kinda dumb it was still kind of a silly reason not to go through with it . 
  those tanks had absolutely no practical use in west-papua . 
  besides , it 's kind of silly to never bring up the issue of west-papua and have absolutely normal relations ( + development aid ) with indonesia except when it comes to the sale of tanks that have no practical involvement with the issue in question . 
  did that alliance ever achieve anything apart from temporarily saving our massive fuck-up of a stadtholder from the patriot 's revolution ? 
  neither of them cares that much about it and there 's little to gain from unilateral intervention . 
  why would they ? 
  that 's the kingdom of prussia , not the region itself . 
  i 'd hardly think people refer to east-frisia as prussia for example . 
  ... what . 
  yes . 
  that is indeed prussia ... plus pomerania , silesia and greater poland for some reason . 
  we played fair , we won . 
  then the french came in and won your independence for you . 
  but there 's nothing there except closed mines , large-scale construction-fraud and some pensioners who ca n't pronounce their g 's properly . 
  people from limburg are more flemish than dutch in many ways . 
  there really is n't a sharp divide between the dutch and flemish . 
  you ... really want limburg back ? 
  why ? 
  just a really powerful short story about the nature of death . 
  oh jesus , you again . 
  honestly , it 's nice for you that you can consider yourself superior to all us unenlightened peasants but can you please , please leave if you think this sub is filled with these horrible racists ? 
  eh , as far as republicans candidates go you could certainly do worse . 
  honestly the worst effect he could possibly have on europe as president is more tensions with russia , and it 's not as if european leaders have any kind of clear path to normalization in that regard . 
  i just really , really hope that the republicans lose their appetite for military intervention at some point . 
  that 's a rather idealized view of wwii , has he forgotten that stalin 's soviet union was on ` our ' side as well ? 
  i 'm not one for labeling certain people or states as evil but if anyone 's a contender ... 
  it 's a good thing that there 's republican enthusiasm for america 's relationship with this side of the atlantic but he could tune down the rhetoric at least a bit . 
  aliyev 's certainly expressed an [ aspiration to it ] ( http://asbarez.com/blog/archives/114047 ) . 
  this is the country that has actually had [ state-sponsored book-burnings ] ( http://www.rferl.org/content/azerbaijani-writer-books-burned-akram-aylisli/24898784.html ) in the 21st century because an author dared suggest that armenians are actual human beings . 
  the country that has [ willfully and deliberately destroyed armenian cultural heritage . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_cemetery_in_julfa ) the country that [ glorified a murderer ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-19463968 ) because his victim happened to be an armenian . 
  azerbaijan is a [ third-rate kleptocracy ] ( http://newint.org/columns/worldbeaters/2013/01/01/worldbeater-azerbaijan-ilham-aliyev/ ) . 
  a deeply authoritarian , despotic trash heap run by an insane kleptomaniac , it is in no discernible way better than russia besides the fact that 's it 's too weak to be adventurous . 
  ugh , azerbaijan is n't really better than russia in any discernible way . 
  not to mention that it 's just a rehearsal . 
  to be fair there 's a massive number of people involved in a political party , it 's still only a fairly low percentage . 
  besides , the only halfway respectable party that far right is bound to get its share of wackos . 
  everyone fucking knows about sykes-picot , it gets referenced to death by people who barely fucking know a thing about it . 
  i 'm referring to the arab spring specifically . 
  what . 
  it 's better than most countries . 
  which is europe 's fault ... how ? 
  not the first time [ this sort of thing ] ( http://www.virtualani.org/history/restorations.htm ) has happened in turkey . 
  the vvd really is n't conservative the same way the tories or the cdu are though . 
  not this shit again . 
  constant war ?
