  it 's loads better than the german approach . 
   to root out opponents and slaughter them better ? 
  they did used the trick repeatedly in poland & the baltics to crush the maquis . 
  this is nearly forty years after the stalin era . 
  gorbachev was pushing through liberalization , nationalists could pretty much already speak freely . 
  nobody was rooting out opponents , certainly not to slaughter them in a random throwback to policies that had ended decades before then . 
   it was obvious that the azeri were about to declare independancy . 
  much like ukraine did recently de facto . 
  the moment they do , suddenly the independant azeri 's opponents get hundreds of tanks , dozens of bm21 and even a pair of sukhois . 
  hogwash . 
  azeris were largely in favour of keeping the union until black january . 
  and as i said before the conflict goes back to 1987 . 
  and armenia itself is n't a nonfactor . 
   but it 's to protect russian armenian speaking minorities from genocide . 
  right . 
  practically every inch of azerbaijani-held territory has been cleansed of armenians . 
  it 's not much of a stretch to infer what they intended for nk . 
   divide to conquer . 
  they * had the soviet union * already , which they very much wanted to preserve they had already gone past the conquer part . 
  azerbaijani-armenian conflict did nothing to preserve the union and everything to threaten its existence in the transcaucasus . 
   well yes , it 's kind of a russian speciality to exploit existing local tensions , ramp them up to eleven using secret service kgb shit while pretending they were never there until there 's a massacre , and turn them in all out war that ( somehow ) always end in their immediate favor . 
  yes . 
  those crafty russians created debilitating unrest in their own country that they very much liked to retain in order to create after the collapse of their empire ( which they very much like to avoid ) a small poor statelet that they would have very , very minor influence over down the line . 
  those crafty russian contributed to the downfall of their own empire because they just like conflict between ethnic groups that much . 
  the soviet union in 1987 gained exactly nothing from open conflict between the armenians and azerbaijanis , zilch . 
   i 'm sure stuff like this probably did not help : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_january those crafty russians again . 
  desperately trying to stop a conflict they apparently themselves wanted in a way which was obviously to the detriment to the possible continuation of the soviet union . 
  genius . 
   like baku ? 
  ten bucks that if i scratch a bit i could find hints of kgb influence in it . 
  i have no doubt you ` find ' conspiracy theories , plots and secrets wherever you might go . 
   oh and that had nothing to do with the russian desire to stick it to the azeris because they were backed by turkey ( aka nato the great satan ) ? 
  very little to say the least ? 
  hostilities over nk go back as far as 1987 , the first pogroms began in 1988 , the soviet union was genuinely trying its hand at detente all throughout the late 1980s and by 1991 was bending over backwards to accomadate us interest . 
  the profile does n't fit . 
  azerbaijan had plenty of armenophobia , and armenia had plenty of grievances . 
  they were well and truly capable of igniting this conflict all by themselves . 
   if you gave me one rubble each time russia claimed `` the ukrainian nazi jewish junta crucified a kid '' i 'd have bought the country . 
  oh so now we 're at the stage of denying well-documented pogroms ? 
  great . 
  the soviet union broke up and chaos ensued . 
  conscripts suddenly in poverty and without a country sold their small arms and sometimes their military hardware to whomever had enough to offer , armenian and azerbaijani irregulars scrambled to plunder supply depots etc. 
  the armenian ssr ( and later republic ) smuggled in most of the weapons . 
  some russians had pro-armenian sympathies and ended up fighting for the nkr and armenia , sure , but plenty also fought for the azeris . 
  i never claimed russians were uninvolved but the conflict was going to happen regardless of russian interference ( there was always going to be a russian element in a conflict sprouting from the soviet dissolution ) and to claim that the nk republic is a russian puppet is idiotic . 
  a conflict over nk was basically inevitable when the azeris started committing pogroms and revoked what little autonomy nk had . 
  you could post hilariously funny gif responses all day or take the time actually educate yourself on the issue before throwing around blatant falsehoods . 
   we are buying oil and gas no matter what , whats so bad about building a new pipeline ? 
  well in the context of the ukraine crisis it dramatically worsens ukraine 's bargaining position as far as gas is concerned and leaves them vulnerable to further russian pressure ( price increases , refusing to deliver ) . 
  nagorno-karabakh is n't a russian puppet though . 
  it has a few similarities with the others on that list but it 's a fairly unique situation as far as post-soviet unrecognized states go . 
  like [ the article that was recently posted ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/11842760/prepare-yourselves-the-great-migration-will-be-with-us-for-decades.html ) said ; it wo n't in my opinon . 
  at least not for a couple of decades . 
  syria might see a winner at some point , or be slapped together like bosnia & herzegovina or just permanently but semi-securely disintegrate into separate parts so that that specific flow of migration will lessen , though i doubt it will ever completely stop considering the damage done to syria and the socio-economic repercussions . 
  the yugoslav wars ended too but kosovo and serbia are still sources of ( nearly always rejected ) asylum seekers . 
  but the amount of people trying to get to europe will stay high , this 'll be the new normal . 
  already mentioned that . 
  do n't engage the anti-russian circlejerk when you do n't need to . 
   such a nice wall of text . 
  thanks , i try very hard . 
  i do n't know what 's wrong with me but i like actually discussing something instead of repeating myself several times over whilst not bothering to read what the other wrote . 
   please explain how a failing government ( assad 's regime ) can impose population control . 
  was referring to past policies which have resulted in the present situation . 
   and why should it do it ? 
  because it is incompetent and ca n't feed its own people ? 
  it should * have done * it for its own survival and the stability of its society . 
   by the same criteria every time there is a incompetent government in a country the residents should be castrated to make sure that this year 's food supply can cover the population . 
  i 'm discussing what ideally should 've been done . 
  assad 's regime should at one point have considered the consequences of a ballooning population that relied on the affordability of foodstuffs coming from the international markets . 
   this crisis is caused by economic migrants from various countries ( not all of which are at war ) and actual refugees from syria/lybia/iraq , who are running from wars . 
  you seem to be missing the point of a war . 
  a war tends to destroy the economy . 
  that 's how you can not feed your population . 
  and most of the economic migrants are n't actually starving , they 're just very poor . 
  a fine line , but a line , nonetheless . 
  if you 'd actually read my reply instead of * complaining about having to read on a forum * you 'd find that that i do n't object to accepting these people genuinely fleeing war . 
  * specifically talking about syria , * i 'm just stating that one of the war 's root causes was food prices which were much more of a problem than they might 've been if syria had ( in the decades before ) lower population growth and a higher gdp per capita given that it ca n't feed itself and is dependent on food imports and the prices thereof . 
  it 's very moral and all to denounce someone for you having imagined him calling for castration and imposing population control but could you please either not reply at all or just read what is actually stated ? 
   mmmmm ... who said that syria is overpopulated ? 
  that 's me , hi !, 
   it has almost the same number of inhabitants as the netherlands . 
  with far less fertile soil , with the need to import far more food , with far less gdp per capita . 
  syria 's population having ballooned to the level it did even with the country not producing a lot of food itself would be fine if its economy had sufficiently grown to the point where shocks in international food prices would n't cause societal upheavals which endangered the existing political order . 
  the civil war was partly the result of high food prices and the protests that followed from it . 
  few people at the time were itching for a debilitating civil war just because they wanted establish either democracy or some form of islamic theocracy so badly . 
   it has nothing to do with overpopulation . 
  hogwash . 
   those people are running away from the war and the devastation . 
  and every country at war suffers from that . 
  germany after ww1 & ww2 suffered , the uk during ww2 , etc. 
  and i 'm in favor of accepting asylum for those actually fleeing the war . 
  i just do n't agree with people who reject government interference on the birth rate altogether out of idealism . 
  i also consider it shockingly naive that the war could , in your opinion , have absolutely nothing to with massive population growth . 
   also , i 'll be very glad if you point me to any government policy that led to population control . 
  preferably one that did n't create a major gender imbalance :  i know of no government that has been able to control the population growth for a country , except for rare cases where it has helped explosive growth . 
  but stopping it in a balanced manner ? 
  no way . 
  because no policy so far has worked ( in an ideal way ) none should ever be tried regardless of the debilitating consequences for the country in question and the others surrounding it if if nothing is done ? 
   not even the western countries have population control . 
  ideally they 'd like to have fertility at the replacement rate ( 2.1 ) , but it 's below that and they have n't been able to stop it .
