  it 's greek terrorism , eoka is the greek terrorist organization that who try to destroy all the turkish population . 
  and the tmt was its turkish-cypriot equivalent . 
  its very raison d'\u00eatre was to further ethnic tensions and violence for the ultimate goal of * taksim * . 
   good thing is , they get what they deserved , removed from the north , eternally . 
  again , anything that reeks of ethnic conflict where you can remotely pin part of the blame on their side is an unforgivable crime but anytime your side commits mass-scale ethnic cleansing you glorify it . 
  real good critical thinking skills you have there . 
   if you write this `` turkish cypriot terrorism '' before , i do n't even give a fuck about what you write there . 
  i do n't really know a better term than ` terrorist ' for a paramilitary organization whose sole reason for existence was to provoke ethnic conflict to justify a foreign invasion and the occupation , partition and ethnic cleansing of 40 % of a sovereign state . 
   why the fck we should `` play '' the victim while we are the victims of greek ultra nationalism ? 
  yes , those poor victims who stoked ethnic tensions for years , and launched an invasion and were ` forced to ' ethnically cleans 200,000 people and are now occupying 40 % of a sovereign country . 
  the poor victim who keeps somehow ethnically cleansing greeks wherever it finds them under its control . 
  poor turkey constantly getting victimized like that . 
   if you do n't know , turkey is one of the guarantor state of the cyprus yes , turkey very politely wrote its own right to invade a supposedly sovereign state into the cypriot constitution . 
  i know all too well . 
  mind you even that farcical system was set up so the guarantor states could restore the political * status quo * of cyprus ( in the case of the turkish invasion the fall of the greek cypriot junta would easily qualify as that ) , not spend 40 years in occupation , transports tens of thousands of colonists onto the occupied territories , and try to force a partition as turkey is doing . 
   so your `` why the fuck did you interfered , they are just killing some turks : , ( '' logic is nothing but nonsense . 
  well yes if you 're going to ignore everything i wrote and then mentally replace it with a caricature of ` le evil hypocritical westerner ' i 'm quite sure the result is somewhat incoherent . 
   those poor turks also moved to the north , do you know that , this is not one-sided thing . 
  exactly the point . 
  because of the invasion you so eagerly defend , not only hundreds of thousands of greeks but also tens of thousands of turks were ethnically cleansed because of the ethnic violence directly caused by the turkish invasion . 
  but hey , you can act tough and spout jingoistic slogans about it on an internet forum so who cares about real victims ? 
   before our operations , hundreds of turkish villages attacked by greeks , many turks raped and murdered , the turks that survived moved the other turkish settlements and this settlements also besieged by greeks , 30000 turks displaced . 
  again , never denied it . 
  never said the greek cypriot side was blameless . 
  intercommunal violence did happen . 
  would 've probably helped if turkey did n't constantly support turkish cypriot terrorism , did n't constantly try to antagonize greece and cyprus , did n't write its own right to invade cyprus into its constitution , did n't constantly promote the idea of ethnic partition , and did n't ethnically cleanse its own greek population in turkey proper for no good reason , but hey that 's just poor turkey once again being the victim and being ` forced to ' commit and promote ethnic cleansing because turkey can obviously do no wrong . 
  there 's admittedly a bit of hyperbole there , sorry . 
  of course the turkish cypriots and turkey itself have genuine concerns too and they too sacrificed some of what they might have wanted ( though in view of its results not enough ) leading up to the annan plan referendum . 
   tldr : cyprus is for greeks , nobody else should have rights there . 
  playing the victim again ? 
   turkey should n't have prevented greeks were ethnic cleansing turks . 
  turkey should n't have constantly and deliberately encouraged ethnic conflict and have meddled in cyprus internal affairs . 
  greek cypriots are n't blameless but turkey 's campaign of ethnic cleansing , colonization and rape is inexcusable . 
  preventing ethnic cleansing is also kind of rich if in supposedly doing so you cause the ethnic cleansing of 140,000-200 ,000 greeks and 42,000-65 ,000 of those poor turkish cypriots you were supposedly helping . 
   that does n't work that way . 
  if you want turkish clay you must pay the price we paid for it . 
  blood !, 
  ah yes , infantile jingoistic ultranationalism . 
  very rational argument there . 
   your comment has amazing signal-to-noise ratio , thank you !, 
    just a question , how are you so knowledgable about this area ? 
  something you 've studied ? 
  family background ? 
  just a casual interest , it 's not particularly hard to learn the basics of regional conflicts , economies , and dynamics like this , then do some basic googling for the bits you 're not sure of and type it out in a way that makes you seem more knowledgeable than you really are . 
  hmm . 
  on the source i 'm not quite sure , it seemed reliable enough but if * their source * does n't match what they 're showing then i do n't know . 
  i do remember clearly knowing that serbia is ( by many economic indicators ) worse off than they used to be but i do n't have a better source for that at hand . 
  * bosnia saw the worst of the war and thus economic destruction , and the way it was resolved left it politically ( and thus largely economically ) dysfunctional . 
  * serbia ( and kosovo ) suffered through years of extremely harmful economic sanctions and then a bombing campaign and in many aspects [ it still has n't regained the heights of the late yugoslav period ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/serbia/gdp-per-capita-ppp ) . 
  * macedonia was always the least developed , and the name dispute with greece caused a brief economic blockade among other troubles . 
  it was also the most ethnically divided with an albanian minority of 20-25 % which caused a brief insurgency in the early 2000s . 
  * montenegro is the best off of the four but still suffered economically because of some minor bombing ( nato mostly targeted kosovo and serbia proper ) as well as economic sanctions ( montenegro stuck with serbia longer than the other republics , the final split only occurring in 2006 ) . 
  though of course slovenia and croatia were always more prosperous to begin with . 
   turkey backed annan plan . 
  turkey backs a plan that would allow it to continue treating cyprus like a colony , that would have still given her a right to invade again , that would have absolved her for the responsibilities of her ethnic cleansing and war crimes , and that would have legitimized her illegal invasion and colonization of cyprus , big surprise . 
   turkish cypriots voted yes in referendum while greek ones voted no . 
  turkish cypriots got everything they might 've wanted , all colonists got citizenship , all turkish cypriots had an immediate right of return ( while only a small percentage of greeks did over a 25 year period ) , they got equal status as a constituent people even though they were a minority of 20 % etc. 
  [ cypriot greeks got fuck all in comparison ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cypriot_annan_plan_referendums,_2004#reasons_for_rejection_by_the_greek_cypriots ) , had to sign away their right of return , free movement , and right to compensation for turkey 's crimes , and as the more prosperous people would have the privilege of paying for the unification as well . 
   if cyprus is n't unified yet , this is greeks ' fault . 
  or turkey could have simply offered something the greek cypriots could accept . 
  why solely blame the greek cypriots for rejecting the plan instead of blaming turkey for demanding it include so much that could never be accepted by the greek side ? 
  the annan plan being agreed on might 've been a good thing regardless of all its flaws but do n't misrepresent a complex solution failing for a variety of reasons as merely being the fault of the greek cypriots . 
  the article posted below has maps of both [ turkey 's ] ( http://blog.crisisgroup.org/assets/files/map2cyprus-22mar13.jpg ) and [ cyprus ' ] ( http://blog.crisisgroup.org/assets/files/map1cyprus-22mar13.jpg ) interpretation of the eez . 
  the russian empire was a great power , along with only a handful of other states . 
  considering its location , its political troubles , the hundreds of years of its relative isolation from europe as a collection of mongol vassal states , and the hundreds of years in which mongol/tatar states continuously raided it etc. 
  then the political status , military power and economic development it had reached by the early 20th century is n't a half-bad result . 
  to dismiss it as a ` backwards feudalistic shithole ' as our friend is keen to do is just edgy nonsense . 
  huh . 
  reminds me of a book i read that mentioned similar things in the ottoman balkans about the fusion of religious practices like self-identified muslims describing themselves as muslims of saint so-and-so , and certain religious sites becoming multiconfessional ( iirc it 's the balkans : a short history by mark mazower ) . 
  had no idea practices like that were still around in the area these days . 
  stalin eventually overturned indigenization , and only partially in certain regions ( the soviet union never much bothered to russify republics on the periphery like armenia , georgia , turkmenistan etc. ) . 
  for the first third of his reign ( though you could argue he was n't fully in power till the early 30s ) it was in full swing including counterproductive stuff like trying to force already russophone areas ( like odessa ) of the ukraine to ` ukrainify ' , creating territorialized national units everywhere which often created rather than resolved ethnic conflict , deporting russians from central asia etc. 
  it 's of course important to remember that this idea of a soviet union of fraternal republics was always seen as a temporary concession to the ` backwardness ' of nationalism . 
  marxism-leninism pretty much foresees all these people eventually assimilating into a post-nationalist identity . 
  honestly , there were positive changes going during the late imperial period and the lives of the poorest were slowly getting better over the last century of the russian empire 's existence , the atrocities and abuses of the russian empire were ( for the most part ) nowhere near as bad as those of lenin and stalin and the russian empire had arguably much more of a semblance of the rule of law than the soviet union did for the first half of its existence . 
  and despite official soviet ideology being much more friendly towards minorities for instance it was the soviet union that ended up eradicating a whole bunch more of them . 
  which is n't to say it did n't need major reforms of course , but the russian empire contained plenty of talented people for that who were n't ultra-radical bolsheviks . 
  but of course pop-history does n't like complexity so we get the idiocy of both the ridiculous exaggerated overoptimistic vision of it and the idiotic negative caricature vision ( `` backwards shithole xddddd '' ) like in this comment sections . 
  which is n't hypocrisy . 
  you 're also conflating groups that may very well have limited overlap . 
  that 's not hypocrisy though ... 
  honestly , it could be . 
  the eu and us have much more to offer in terms of practical aid , economic opportunity , constructive reforms etc. 
  than russia does regardless of whatever might have happened in the past . 
  kosovo is a lost cause whatever position serbia takes anyhow . 
  though that does n't mean his ` serbs should change everything about themselves and demonize themselves exactly as i demonize them ' schtick is n't retarded though . 
  it 's your regular ingroup-outgroup clatrap . 
  it 's the kind of thing every sub does with its boogeyman inflated with lovely lovely nationalism . 
  / r/europe has these kinds of brilliant analyses of russia ( `` and then it got le worse xdd '' - `` they 're starving guys , any day now and they 'll collapse ; here 's my totally not autistic idea of how to partition it '' ) and turkey ( though as of late i 'm more bothered by the flood of ` le epic deus vult - gib back constantinoupolis xddd ' maymays ) . 
  / r/turkey regularly delights us with its expertise on armenia and the situation in nagorno-karabakh ( `` those armenian fascists1 !!!! 1 ! '', 
  - `` their ` culture ' is based on hating us !!! 111 !! '' ), 
  as well as the various ways in which the west is hypocritical and out to get turkey . 
  / r/russia features regular in-depth analyses of how horribly corrupt , imperialist , and out of touch the western political establishment is . 
  well in contrast to those countries they have a solid economic foundation at the very least . 
  as for the political aspect of the term , i 'm not the biggest fan of turkey 's political culture but this spell of islamist semi-authoritarianism can ultimately end just the same as similar traditionalist right-wing regimes in spain and portugal did . 
  probably easier in fact because turkey is still a democracy , albeit an evermore flawed one . 
   nagorno-karabakh i mostly agree with what you 're saying but nagorno-karabakh really does n't fit in here . 
  it was n't started by russia , does n't benefit or involve it directly , and russia has been genuinely trying to help resolve it for a while now . 
   according to who ? 
  not really , it was legal according to the law of the nations involved , no it was n't .
