   like ethnic composition of nkao changed slightly during soviet period , in comparison to other parts of empire . 
  comparison is irrelevant , the point is that azerbaijan deliberately changed the ethnic composition of the nkao . 
  heydar aliyev himself proudly spoke of how he tried to colonize the region  like in syunik region of armenia where significant part of population were azerbaijani , most of azerbaijani were deported by force during different periods in soviet union , especially in 1948 . 
  but no one talks about it . 
  constantly gets talked about , to an insane degree by azerbaijani propaganda . 
  it 's just not that relevant here . 
  we 're talking about entrusting armenians to be governed by azerbaijan , not about entrusting azerbaijanis to be governed by armenia . 
  examples of the analogous situations to the former are relevant to the discussion , allusions to persecution of azerbaijanis are largely not . 
   they occupy it right now . 
  yes , if your opponent constantly threatens ethnic cleansing on you and refuses compromise it 's not a good idea to just hand back strategic territory that they 'll use to shell civilians from . 
   they artificially repopulate those regions . 
  absolute nonsense . 
   if you do n't claim , then you must leave that territories . 
  that 's simple logic . 
  if you have an enemy that 's repeatedly made it clear it wants to cleanse you from the face of the earth you do n't randomly hand back strategic territory just for the sake of being nice . 
  karabakhi armenians could be literal saints but they still would n't just hand azerbaijan territory that it 'll use to shell civilian centers from or would use to stage an invasion that would completely cleanse armenians from nagorno-karabakh . 
   karabakh armenians see those surrounding regions not as occupied regions but as `` liberated regions '' . 
  this is what they always talk . 
  this is bullshit that , they do n't claim those regions . 
  just one month ago , ultra-facshist nationalist sasna tsrer ( which significant part of armenia supports ) stormed and hostage police station , because sarksyan was `` selling liberated lands '' . 
  and you expect me to believe that , they do not claim territories outside nkao . 
  blatant lie . 
  opposition to sarkisian 's concessions have to do with lots of things . 
  the uproar had a lot more to do with the appearance of armenia making concessions while getting nothing tangible ( recognition , permanent ceasefire , withdrawal of heavy weapons or snipers etc. ), 
  in return . 
  if azerbaijan would recognize nkr as independent ( which i do n't by definition support , this is merely a hypothetical ) there would n't be nearly such an uproar about handing back the occupied territories . 
  of course there are ultranationalist elements on the armenian side ( who are much bolstered by azerbaijan 's idiotic anti-armenian antics ) , never denied that . 
  regardless of that the policy of the nkr and armenia has always been that all territories outside of the former nkao barring lachin will be immediately ceded back once peace is reached . 
   you already answered it . 
  azerbaijan is agree to grant highest possible autonomy to karabakh armenians . 
  because aliyev has such a good track record on good governance and keeping his promises . 
  and because azerbaijan has such a good track record respecting these arrangements . 
  you 're deluding yourself if you think the aliyev regime has any intention of this vaunted ` highest possible autonomy ' actually being meaningful or being respected by baku in the long-term . 
  aliyev does n't even have any respect for the institutions of his own country , how on earth do you think he can be trusted to respect the rights , institutions , freedoms , and autonomy of [ a people he so loathes ? 
  ] ( http://garabagh.net/content_179_en.html )  it must be crystal clear . 
  any proposal which violates sovereignty and territorial integrity of azerbaijan will not be accepted . 
  you could 've gotten 90 % of what you wanted with just the tiny caveat of not being able to lord over the armenians anymore ( and i need n't remind you , direct azerbaijani authority over armenians has an atrocious track record ) . 
  that 's literally it . 
  territorial integrity would 've been saved , completely . 
  hundreds of thousands of refugees could 've gone back , but because azerbaijan does n't get to the direct vertical power to oppress armenians the way it likes it refuses . 
  good job . 
   that 's principle . 
  there 's no solution of the problem which violates sovereignty and territorial integrity of azerbaijan . 
  period . 
  there 's plenty of solutions without that . 
  independence within modified nkr borders would be a perfectly workable solution even if azerbaijan wo n't accept it for the foreseeable future . 
  a common state deal would be a perfectly workable solution even though azerbaijanis wo n't like it . 
  any solution that avoids the obvious catastrophe that would be the aliyev 's regime complete freedom to oppress and ethnically cleanse armenians would be a preferable solution to this maximalist nonsense that has gotten azerbaijan nowhere . 
   that land is not an exclusively armenian land . 
  the former nkao certainly was to a degree ( barring shusha and environs [ whose exclusive azerbaijani character was a product of the 1920 massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shusha_massacre ) ) . 
  doubly so before hedyar aliyev started dumping colonists on the nkao in the 70s . 
  not to mention that the territories outside the former nkao ( barring the lachin corridor ) are n't claimed by the nkr anyway . 
   armenians , azerbaijanis and many other people lived in karabakh in peace for centuries . 
  and why was that peace broken , and by whom ? 
  certainly no side is blameless , but which side was it that started dumping colonists on the nkao in an effort to squeeze out the armenian majority ? 
  which country was it that committed the first pogroms in the late 80s ? 
  does azerbaijan present any vision whatsoever for that supposed peace to be resumed ? 
  it 's talked about highest possible autonomy and coexistence but we all know aliyev 's promises are worth nothing to begin with , that azerbaijan 's propaganda shows it wants nothing whatsoever to do with peaceful coexistence , that azerbaijan has an atrocious track record when it comes to respecting such arrangements , and that [ azerbaijan has already rejected a common state deal that really amounted to the highest possible autonomy . 
  ] ( http://www.mfa.gov.az/en/content/835 )  on 9 november 1998 , the co-chairmen put forward proposals based on the concept of a `` common state '' . 
  according to this concept , nagorno-karabakh would have the status of a state and a territorial unit in the form of a republic , which , together with azerbaijan would constitute the common state within the internationally recognized borders of azerbaijan . 
  azerbaijan rejected those proposals since they violated its sovereignty and contradicted the lisbon principles . 
   nobody is telling armenia not have power plants , that is what it comes down to given armenia 's financial situation and the double blockade . 
   but that this specific one is a threat to the safety of the people . 
  then it 's curious why all the noise about it solely seems to come from azerbaijan ( azerbaijani propaganda being batshit insane and rarely having a basis in reality ) and only occasionally from turkey . 
  both of these being armenia 's enemies . 
  if the plant was so dangerous we 'd occasionally hear about it from , say , the eu , the us , certainly from armenia 's other two neighbours , iran and georgia . 
  but the fact of the matter is that 95 % of this hysteria comes from azerbaijan . 
  [ i thought ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53gxjb/akinci_says_if_no_deal_greek_cypriots_could_find/d7t4ots ) [ you ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4n2dap/cyprus_sidelined_as_brussels_scrambles_to_save/d40n9rk?context=3 ) [ loved ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53gxjb/akinci_says_if_no_deal_greek_cypriots_could_find/d7t58de ) [ unrecognized pseudostates ? 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53gxjb/akinci_says_if_no_deal_greek_cypriots_could_find/d7t5ggd ) you certainly seem to love one in particular seeing as you constantly argue in its favor . 
  or could it be that it has fuck all to do with your feelings towards separatist entities in general and everything to do with northern cyprus being a creation of glorious t\u00fcrkiye and the nkr being a product of the filthy armenian giaour not knowing their place ? 
  honestly this is blowing up beyond any proportions . 
  what he actually said ( in the context of a tv-show ) was that his first instinct was to tell them ` pleur op ' ( which is more like a slightly stronger ` get out ' than a ` fuck off ' equivalent ) , but he then elaborated with a more positive , nuanced message . 
  he 's not literally telling ( troublesome ) dutch turks to fuck off out of this country . 
  among other things he then mentioned that the vast majority of 460,000 dutch turks were well-integrated and are a benefit to society , and that all dutch citizens have a right to protest ( with the usual blabla of let 's all get along and be civilized ) . 
  undoubtedly . 
  but in that particular contest neither side comes off looking glamorous . 
   i think you read too much propoganda . 
  there was no seperatism on turkish side they wanted the 1960 cyprus constitution to be upheld . 
  its only after seeing greeks violated this constitution and were trying to achieve enosis that they started campaigning for taksim.this is basicly saying '' we want roc to stay intact , but if thats not going to happen , we still would like to , you know , exist '' then it 's weird how turkey 's support for the tmt ( which predated that constitution by 2 years and included the smuggling of arms ) directly undermined the foundation of intercommunal peace that an arrangement like that requires to function . 
   in the last two paragraphs you are basicly saying turks cant be trusted but greek cypriots can . 
  silly logic i 'm saying turkey ca n't be trusted over the long term since it has a long history of acting like the regional bully and encouraging ethnic violence , as well as a history of military coups , ultranationalism , and jingoism . 
  combine that with having the strongest military in the region and you can see where i 'm coming from . 
  cyprus is an eu member state that since the coup of 1974 has been governed more or less responsibly . 
  add to that cyprus ' inferior power position ( neo-colonial guarantor system or no ) and the pieces fit together and you could easily understand how cyprus is n't a threat to its turks . 
   there are lots of people directly affected by greek policy of ethnic cleansing as well . 
  true enough . 
  though it was intercommunal violence with greek cypriots suffering as well though because they were the minority turkish cypriots suffered more . 
   lets not pretend like turkey decided to invade cyprus out of the blue and people were living in peace and harmony before that . 
  let 's then also not pretend for that ever to be turkey 's goal given how turkey supported the tmt for the exact purpose of making cyprus dysfunctional and promoting sectarian violence to justify their subsequent invasion . 
   cyprus has nothing to fear from a guarantor turkey if they dont plan trying enosis again similarly , ukraine has nothing to fear from friendly neighbor russia if they do n't plan on aligning with the eu again . 
  turkish cypriots would have nothing to fear in a reunified cyprus unless turkey 's starts deliberately fueling ethnic tensions again . 
  today 's turkey would probably not invade over anything less than an * enosis * attempt ( which these days would n't happen anyway ) and probably would n't promote violence on cyprus again despite how much of an asshat erdogan is . 
  but turkish ultranationalism oscillates over time and turkey has a history of military coups and jingoism . 
  best get rid of the guarantor system entirely seeing as it was always a system that disproportionately worked to the benefit of turkey and is blatantly disrespectful of cyprus ' sovereignty and independence . 
  * enosis * is pretty much dead these days and cyprus is much too prosperous , too respectable , too responsible , too integrated with the eu etc. 
  for it ever to pose a threat to its turkish cypriots again . 
  that 's a rather strange set of occurrences given that i have absolutely no cypriot ancestry . 
  i 'm also quite curious as to what you 'd call the illegal settlement of hundreds of thousands of a country 's own population on an illegally occupied part of another country 's territory . 
  colonization , perhaps ? 
  this was slightly more than 40 years ago , buddy .
