  literally contradicting yourself here . 
  regardless , whether you like it or not many us allies are in effect to various degrees client states of the us in that they depend on us protection , us approval of their foreign policy , implicit dangers when going their own course in a significant way etc. 
   so this stands . 
  it does n't . 
  the cold war was n't specifically a dispute about the the political systems in place in central and eastern europe , and might i remind you the us and the uk imposed either their political system or various forms of right-wing dictatorships wherever they went as well . 
  that is of course justified not because we were somehow inherently more restrained , more understanding of local cultures , more thoughtful of the locals etc. 
  or anything . 
  [ it was justified because we are we and therefore good , and they are they and therefore evil . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in-group_favoritism )  no , only the ones that serve the purpose of self-defense and the spreading of democracy . 
  invading other countries has nothing to do with self-defense . 
  imposing right-wing dictatorships has nothing to do with spreading democracy . 
   because undemocratic countries are the ones to keep international law as such that it is suiting to them . 
  same as western democratic countries and identical to your position then . 
  international law should be followed at all times ! ... 
  except when it does n't quite work to our benefit then we should just flagrantly ignore it ( while of course still demanding everyone else follow it to the letter ) . 
   no , it should be a democracy . 
  however if ( and only if ) that was not doable at the time , that right-wing dictatorship was better than it being communist . 
   better . 
  than . 
  them . 
  cooperating . 
  with . 
  the . 
  for what reason ? 
  why does the us get to make that call ? 
  why does the us get to condemn millions of people to life under the boots of flagrant human rights abusers ? 
  because otherwise the political systems there may not be slightly left-wing or have a minor association with the soviet union ? 
  suggesting that iran under mossadegh would 've been a soviet satellite is absurd , the countries of latin america even moreso . 
  not to mention that a good portion of these countries were somewhat democratic before the us imposed right-wing dictatorships through coups ( iran is a prime example ) . 
  and you do know that you can flip this argument around just as easily ? 
  that the soviet union was justified in setting up authoritarian dictatorships in the third world because us-supported human rights abuses in indonesia , south-korea , taiwan etc. 
  were for a time arguably worse than what soviet supported states were doing ? 
   how could the people then ever get democracy without foreign support ? 
  what gives ` us ' the right to force our political model on them and kills hundreds of thousands if not millions in doing so ? 
  do ` the people ' even want democracy ? 
  if they do , do they even want our model of it ? 
  if they do want our model of it would they accept the casualties we would inflict to reach that goal ? 
   i understand that we can not get a democratic world in our lifetime , but we need to protect the countries that are democratic now and we need to support the movements which want to bring down their dictatorships , be them fully democratic or not - at least they cause change because a stable dictatorship is stagnant . 
  nonsense idealism and willful ignorance of the abuses caused by us foreign policy . 
  you 'd support unleashing endless war and violent sectarianism just because you believe you know what 's right for the non-western world better than the people there do and because you accept those massive casualties on the behalf of the people you supposedly want to help , whether they would accept them or not . 
   that is true , but i still think that the possibility of a democracy through war is still better than a stagnant stable dictatorship . 
  [ luckily of course that judgement is up to us , the enlightened westerner . 
  we of course have the natural authority to make war everywhere we want because our system is better than everyone else 's . 
  this is reddit , not the fucking model un or the debate club . 
  the guy is allowed to broach a new topic if he feels like it and he is n't specifically defending russia . 
  there 's nearly a thousand comments on this topic . 
  a single thread discussing a subject that 's intricately connected to the subject of the article should n't be an issue . 
  we 're on an open forum buddy , and this is an issue to do with syria in which at large the us is involved as well . 
  if someone wants to broach the subject of double standards vis-\u00e0-vis russia and the us then he 's free to do so . 
  with 800 comments i do n't see what 's wrong with a couple dozen that deal with a comparative look at us actions . 
  oh yes , i forgot , that 's ` distracting from the conversation ' . 
  while you of course contribute mightily by saying people are dumb or calling them kremlin trolls and making a ` lolsofunny im too good and intelligent for reddit unlike you dumbos ' gag . 
  i 'd say it 's pretty ironic how you can moan [ about someone discussing a relevant topic ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56r3tl/france_just_called_on_russia_to_be_investigated/d8m5dll?context=3 ) , saying that it is ` distracting from the conversation ' and in the next second [ write two identical comments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/56r3tl/france_just_called_on_russia_to_be_investigated/d8m6fqs?context=3 ) disruptively accusing people of being kremlin trolls because they 're slightly critical of the us . 
   no , i am stating facts , you are making them up . 
  you arbitrarily deciding that democracies ca n't be client states has nothing to do with facts . 
   omfg ... 
  it is literally the country that divided europe and cooperated with the nazis and got away with it ... omfg ... point being ? 
   no , because we have democratic societies and therefore legitimate governments . 
  which means any and all abuses are permitted to us , neat . 
   double standards only if you disregard the democracy factor , which i am not sure why someone would do . 
  and i 'm not quite sure why someone would posit that democracies should be allowed to flagrantly ignore international law and commit wanton abuses . 
   indeed , but that was mostly during the cold war , where right-wing dictatorship was better than any left-wing rule as the left wing were soviet puppets . 
  ah yes . 
  because north korea existed of course south korea should be a military semi-fascist dictatorship . 
  because the soviet union existed of course the shah should rule iran as a quasi-stalinist police-state . 
  because some regimes in south america happen to be somewhat leftwing of course the us was obligated to orchestrate coups that brought to power some of the worst human rights abusers on the planet . 
   because democracy is the only legitimate system of governance . 
  from your perspective . 
   ah , indeed . 
  great example . 
  yet turkey is n't really considered a very democratic state either ... 
  it 's a flawed democracy , but a democracy nonetheless . 
  it is also a favored pal of the us . 
   the principle in the 21st century should be democracy or nothing . 
  so basically the minority of western nations should with military force bequeath upon the unwashed third-world masses the blessing of our ways against their strictest objections ? 
  damn all the consequences ? 
   we should not allow dictators to crush down popular resistance movements , we should always help these resistances !, 
  popular ` resistance ' movements aim for all sorts of things . 
  quite rarely do they aim for a liberal democracy on the western model which is what you 're advocating should be forced on countries everywhere . 
  more often than not they 're violently sectarian . 
  whether they are liberal democrats also quite rarely matters when it comes to attracing western support . 
   depends , as of current , there are no such client states in the world . 
  semantic denialism . 
   no it does n't . 
  the ussr was the aggressor of the cold war , not the west !, 
  debatable . 
   democratic countries are of higher moral standard than dictatorships and should therefore be defended with any mens possible !, 
  this is exactly what i was criticizing to begin with . 
  you 're alleging that ` our side ' is better than theirs not because of any particular restraint , any particular standards , any particular values . 
  we 're better ipso facto because we 're * our side * . 
   it were the ossetians and abkhazians , who drove the georgians out , not the other way around . 
  because they won and georgia lost . 
  not because georgia showed any kind of constraint . 
   plus , russia invaded in 2008 , not in the early 90s . 
  there was russian support to both in the 90s which was what i was referring to . 
   only democracy counts here !, 
  rest are either undemocratic or imperialist reasons . 
  again , double standards . 
  i am strongly pro-democracy indeed . 
  you 're slavishly defending the us which has a long history of supporting right-wing dictatorships where democracy does n't suit it .
