  there 's plenty of people alive today who were directly affected by turkey 's policy of ethnic cleansing . 
  them wanting to return is no different than crimean tatars returning to crimea , which they did after a similar amount of time as greek cypriots would be returning to cyprus . 
  would you argue that the crimean tatars should not have returned to crimea because they were a contributing factor to russian-ukrainian tensions there and their attitude of having a right to return to their homeland was detrimental to intercommunal peace and stability in crimea ? 
  people talking about them being able to return to their ancestral land are not by definition implying that they 're against a turkish northern cypriot entity . 
  hell , per the article ak\u0131nc\u0131 himself has a postivie attitude to such returns :  he also stated that both the turkish and greek cypriots would have four fundamental guaranteed freedoms in a settlement : ** movement , settlement ** , business establishment , and possession . 
  given residual turkish-cypriot - greek cypriot enmity the amount of returnees would be fairly small anyway ( similar to repatriation in bosnia and croatia after the balkan wars ) , a small number of greek cypriots returning to their homes in no way threatens the turkish cypriot entity , much less the peace-process as a whole , it 's a total non-issue . 
  not greek cypriot myself so my mentality is fairly irrelevant . 
  at the very least you can say that these two sides have n't actively fought in over 40 years . 
  and any peace plan will have some democratic legitimacy ( possibly even a referendum like the annan plan ) to underwrite it ( unlike the republika srpska situation that displeased/displeases both sides ) , reunification will also have tangible economic and societal benefits for both sides , particularly the north . 
  the mentality of people wanting to go back to their homes . 
  yes , what a toxic attitude . 
  not the aggressive turkish colonization , the constant attempts by turkey to make the reunified cyprus effectively its vassal , the insistence of turkey to still want to have a right to invade again , no no no . 
  greeks wanting to go back where they 've always lived , that 's the issue , those heartless bastards . 
   i think you are talking about greek forces : http://www.ataa.org/reference/trnc/genocide_trnc.html nice propaganda source , pal . 
  also kindly explain how [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3c/ethnographic_distribution_in_cyprus_1960.jpg ) turns into a glorious ethnically pure turkish northern cyprus where somehow the turkish side is * not * guilty of ethnic cleansing . 
   tmt is not terrorist organization . 
  they are resistance forces and liberated northern cyprus . 
  ` their terrorists are terrorists , our terrorists are freedom fighters . 
  also ethnically cleansing a place where you were the minority population is liberation somehow . ', 
   why do cyprus care about turks so much ? 
  can you explain ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  why does it care about northern cyprus ? 
  why does turkey care about kurds ? 
  why does azerbaijan care about nagorno-karabakh ? 
  no country in the world is in the habit of just recognizing the illegal secession of part of its territory , certainly not in cases like northern cyprus were the conditions for the separatist entity were created by the ethnic cleansing of the majority population there . 
  ah yes , of course . 
  a modern eu member state will throw away all its stability , all its progress , and all its international respect because greek cypriots are hardwired baby killers ( not to mention the fact that much of the reason the eoka-b got as much support as it did in the past was because turkey funded its turkish-cypriot terrorist counterpart , the [ tmt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkish_resistance_organisation ) in a bid to foster sectarian tensions and justify the subsequent invasion ) . 
  they will do all this of course with turkey just as ultranationalist and likely to invade as it was the first time . 
  great reasoning . 
  sold it out into non-isolation and finally being a constituent recognized part of a modern , prosperous , internationally-recognized country as an equal partner to the much more populated greek cypriot side . 
  those poor , poor people . 
   nor was there anything like that in the 1990s . 
  [ ridiculous denialism . 
  ] ( http://www.refworld.org/docid/469f38ec2.html ) there were frequent complaints of ukrainization , occasional calls for irredentism , and tensions with the central ukrainian government throughout the 90s . 
   you must have some alternative version of history . 
  no , i just do n't have some fairytale vision of an unspoiled pure ukraine being ruined by evil monster russia . 
  what russia did and has been doing is wrong but that does n't retroactively make ukraine perfectly governed and flawlessly multicultural for these last 25 years . 
   who 's saying anything about russia being exactly like nazi germany ? 
  i am just saying that russia annexed land from a neighboring country under the same exact pretext as nazi germany . 
  and there are dozens of other examples we could liken it to instead that would make more sense . 
  better yet we could explore the situation as an inherently unique conflict with its own peculiarities . 
  yet if we really want to villainize a state past all reason we must of course always associate it with nazi germany . 
   no there were not , because there was no `` imposition '' of ukrainian language . 
  a large majority of schools were still russian , while ukrainian was and was set to remain a lesser-used language in crimea . 
  i 'm talking early 90s , which is why i said it 'd already subsided . 
   no-where does it form a pretext for invasion and annexation . 
  i must 've imagined the us invading grenada and forcibly overthrowing its regime there on just such a pretext then . 
   in case of sudetenland it did , so i do n't see what you are arguing with . 
  i 'm arguing against absurd nazi comparisons . 
  using commonly used rhetoric as an example of why russia is exactly like nazi germany is just nonsensical . 
   what ? 
  there was absolutely no ethnic conflict in crimea . 
  so not comparable to nagorno-karabakh at all . 
  there were some local tensions occasionally over the imposition of the ukrainian language . 
  though they 'd mostly subsided before russian media started propagandizing about fascists in kyiv and whatnot . 
  what i was referring to though was the fact that there 's been little ethnic conflict * since * apart from the thuggery in ` novorossiya ' and some incidents like odessa . 
  ukrainians still live in their millions in russia and russians still live in their millions in ukraine with few issues . 
   the sudetenland , though , is a perfect comparison , i always stick to the maxim of not godwinning unless it 's absolutely necessary . 
   down to the statements like `` we have to protect germans ( russians ) living abroad '' , that 's a broad statement of which you 'll also find equivalents in american political discourse and even those of other european countries in small ways . 
  not to say that its usage is justified in this context of course . 
   and `` all german ( russian ) lands must be unified '' that 's not a phrase actually used by the kremlin afaik . 
  if we 're going to identify countries by the acts of fringe nationalists then i 'd be just as justified saying that nazis and fascists are in fact running kyiv . 
  eh , sorry for looking a bit like a pro-russian shill there . 
  i agree kosovo and crimea are n't that comparable and that putin 's justifications there are n't worth much of anything . 
  though honestly i do n't think reaching for the nazi germany comparison is helpful . 
  i think a more or less directly comparable situation is the one in nagorno-karabakh , though given the nature of ukrainian-russian relations there 's been less ethnic conflict with the crimean situation . 
  * not being formally annexed barely counts for anything considering kosovo 's sycophantic pro-western stance and the fact that it 's for all intents and purposes an american client state . 
  the us is just being smarter about its power politics than russia is . 
  * by the time kosovo actually formally seceded milosevic had been out of power for 8 years and serbia was prepared to offer wide-ranging autonomy . 
  everyone could see that in 2008 serbia as an aspiring eu member was n't a real threat to kosovo albanians as evidenced by the presevo insurgency ending with a whimper . 
  * the nato intervention in kosovo came at a time when just 200,000 or so albanian kosovars ( a tenth of the population ) were * temporarily * displaced . 
  in its conflict with the kurds turkey has displaced more people than that over the past 12 months alone . 
  croatia displaced over half its serbs when it fought its own separatist insurgency and has been dragging its heels on repatriating them ever since . 
  * there was an active ( us-supported ) sectarian separatist insurgency going on ( that was expressly aimed at provoking a sectarian war and thus inviting nato intervention ) . 
  milosevic was a scumbag but even the most liberal of democrats would have had difficulty conducting such a war in a ` clean ' way in that situation . 
  similar situations in other post-socialist regions like abkhazia , south-ossetia , nagorno-karabakh etc. 
  did not in the least result in similar us policies towards those regions . 
  in all those situations us support was ( and is ) for the country whose territorial integrity was under threat despite ethnic strife being just as much of a factor in each of those conflicts . 
  * the ultimatum ( under threat of force , which is a violation of international law that technically makes any resulting agreement void ) that milosevic was given before the bombing practically already gave kosovo independence without specifically naming the term , plus it forced yugoslavia to forget any notion of its sovereignty outside of kosovo as well with the demands of free nato movement . 
  everyone knew it was going to come to bombing because rambouillet was never going to be accepted . 
  * not to mention the hilarious hypocrisy of fighting serbian irredentism for years on the grounds of not wanting forceful changing of borders but suddenly finding irredentism a-okay when kosovo albanians do it ( though not presevo albanians , macedonian albanians , or northern kosovo serbs even though nato policy ( unintentionally ) caused and encouraged irredentist conflicts in all three regions ) . 
  i fucking loathe putin but let 's not pretend that us/nato policy vis-\u00e0-vis kosovo was in anyway consistent with any benign principles , even-handedness , fair arbitration , or high-minded policies . 
  aggressive power politics from our side does n't suddenly become okay just because in the last few years russia has been worse ( arguably , the us invasion of iraq for instance has almost certainly cost more innocents lives and caused more refugees than anything russia has done these past few years ) . 
  problem is that the problem does n't end with ` us ' . 
  ending whatever minor support the west has given to the opposition wo n't just make qatar , saudi-arabia , turkey etc. 
  give up on trying to overthrow the assad regime given what a blow that would be to their archenemy iran . 
  not to mention the fact that it 's doubtful whether the assad regime has the strength left to ( relatively ) quickly force a complete victory even if the opposition lost the overt support of all its foreign patrons . 
  isis itself for example has literally no foreign country directly supporting it but still it is one of the strongest factions in the conflict . 
  not really . 
  the saa is making progress as of late and have reportedly encircled east aleppo again . 
  thing is though that at this point in the war it 's become pretty clear that no faction will be able to completely defeat the others within a reasonable timeframe . 
  assad is winning in the sense that he can probably hold on to power and his remaining territory indefinitely and start slowly reconquering slivers of syria . 
  he 's not winning in the sense that he 'll have reconquered all of syria a year from now but then no faction in the syrian civil war actually is in that position . 
  the reasons for nk being included in the azeri ssr are disputed , but i do n't think the divide and conquer argument really works . 
  * at the time , ( early 20s ) nagorno-karabakh was already functionally administered from baku . 
  overhauling said administrative and political arrangements risked provoking revolts and upheaval in the region at a time when the bolshevik hold on it was still weak . 
  * before modern infrastructure was built the armenian populated portion of nagorno-karabakh was very poorly accessible from the armenian heartland to the west ( still is to a degree ) . 
  at the time the most practical route to it from armenia first went north through georgia and then south again through azerbaijan proper . 
  meanwhile it was extremely easily accessible from the azerbaijani heartland in the east .
